{49500: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: In a large saucepan, combine the milk, vegetable oil and granulated sugar. Heat until hot but not boiling, then remove the pan from the stove and allow it to cool until the mixture is warm to the touch but not too hot. Sprinkle the yeast over the surface of the liquid and allow it to sit for 5 minutes. Stir in the pumpkin puree until combined.nCombine 4 cups of the flour with the cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg. Sprinkle it into the saucepan and stir until it just comes together. Cover the saucepan with a dish towel and set in a warm, draftfree place for 1 hour.nAfter 1 hour, the mixture should be very puffy and at least doubled in size. Stir in the baking powder, baking soda, salt and remaining 12 cup flour until totally combined.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Drizzle butter into 3 pie pans or a larger baking dish and smear it all over the bottom of the pans.nTurn out the dough onto a floured surface and press it into a rectangular shape. If it is overly sticky, sprinkle generously with flour until easier to handle. Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough into a large rectangle about 18 inches by 24 inches.nFor the filling: Drizzle the melted butter over the dough and smear it all over the surface with your fingers. Mix together the brown sugar, granulated sugar, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg in a medium bowl. Sprinkle this mixture all over the surface of the dough, covering all the melted butter. Sprinkle with 12 cup to 34 cup chopped pecans.nStarting at the top, roll the dough toward you into a large log, moving back and forth down the line of dough in a typewriter motion and always rolling toward you. Roll it tightly as you go so the rolls with be nice and neat. When its all rolled, pinch the seam closed and turn the roll over so that the seam is facing down. Slice into 12 to 34inch slices and place the slices in the buttered pans. Allow to rise for 20 minutes.nBake until the rolls are nice and golden brown around the edges, 15 to 18 minutes.nFor the frosting: While the rolls are baking, make the frosting by combining the cream cheese, powdered sugar, milk, butter and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer. Beat until fluffy, adding more milk if youd like a thinner frosting.nFrost the rolls the second they come out of the oven. Sprinkle the extra pecans over the frosting, then allow them to sit for 15 minutes before serving.nDelicious, ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 package 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 cup pumpkin puree, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, sprinkling and rolling, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon heaping baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, Melted butter, for buttering pans, 1 stick 12 cup butter, melted, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 34 cups to 2 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup whole milk, plus more if needed, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, Dash of salt], title: Pumpkin Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 49501: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace rack in the center of the oven. Generously butter bottom and sides of a 2quart souffle dish with 1 12 tablespoons butter set aside. In a small bowl, mix together Parmesan and bread crumbs. Sprinkle the bottom and sides of the prepared dish completely with bread crumb mixture.nGrate the Jarlsberg and cheddar cheeses into a small bowl. Cut the Saga blue and Brie into small chunks. Combine and set aside.nMelt the remaining 2 12 tablespoons of butter in a large saucepan over low heat. Whisk in the flour and mustard and cook, whisking constantly, for 3 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk and cook until thick and smooth, an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from heat and season with salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper. Pour the souffle base into a large bowl. Whisk in the egg yolks a few at a time until smooth. Stir in the cheese until well incorporated.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, using the whisk attachment, whip 12 whites on medium low speed until foamy, increase the speed to high and continue whisking until stiff peaks form, about 4 minutes.nQuickly and gently fold the egg whites and nutmeg into the souffle base just until incorporated. Pour into prepared souffle dish and bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 4 teaspoons grated Parmesan, 4 teaspoons dry bread crumbs, 4 ounces Jarslberg, 2 ounces cheddar, 3 ounces Saga blue cheese, 3 ounces Brie, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons whole milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoons white pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 large yolks, 12 large whites, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Cheese Souffle, picturelink: null}, 49502: {instructions: Break dried mushrooms into small pieces and rinse thoroughly with cold water to remove dirt granules. Cover mushrooms with 8 cups cold water and add salt and garlic. Cover and simmer for 2 hours or more until mushrooms are tender. Add more salt to taste. When soup is done, saute onion in oil and add to soup. Simmer for just a few minutes. Traditionally served Christmas Eve at Holy Supper., ingredients: [2 cups dried mushrooms, 8 cups cold water, 1 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 tablespoon margarine or oil], title: Russian Mushroom Soup, picturelink: null}, 49503: {instructions: Simply toss together., ingredients: [2 hothouse cucumbers, peeled and sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: X5KP8aoV8qbFMCwq18NULZDP7eLOGba}, 49504: {instructions: Combine vermouth, whiskey, and a dash of bitters with 2 to 3 ice cubes in a mixing glass. Stir gently so as not to cloud the drink. Place the cherry in a chilled cocktail glass and strain the mixture over the cherry. Rub the cut edge of the orange peel over the rim of the glass and twist it over the drink to release the oils, but dont drop it in., ingredients: [34ounce sweet vermouth, 2 12 ounces bourbon whiskey, Dash Angostura bitters, 2 to 3 ice cubes, 1 maraschino cherry, 1 orange peel twist], title: Manhattan, picturelink: isURoq7ymL5Gd5TimLp1vVug5Mw9CC}, 49505: {instructions: Insert a licorice stick, cinnamon stick, or bamboo skewer into the stem end of each apple and pear. Spread the granola on a baking sheet reserve. Have ready 1 or more cooling racks or a large sheet of parchment paper for cooling the caramel fruits.nIn a saucepan over low heat, combine the sugar, corn syrup, vanilla extract, and water. Cook, stirring, until the sugar melts. Add the butter and cream, raise the heat to mediumhigh, and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the caramel registers 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool for 2 minutes.nOne at a time, dip the apples and pears in the caramel, twirling and swirling them to coat completely. Dip the tops in the granola to coat them, then transfer to the cooling rack or the parchment paper to cool. As the apples and pears cool, the caramel will set. Store the caramel apples and pears, wrapped in cellophane if desired, in a cool, dry place until ready to serve or up to 2 days., ingredients: [12 natural licorice sticks, cinnamon sticks, or bamboo skewers, each 6inches long, 6 Lady apples, stems removed, 6 Seckel pears, stems removed, 2 cups granola, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons water, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Caramel Apples and Pears, picturelink: null}, 49506: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in blender or large bowl and mix together thoroughly. Serve chilled., ingredients: [5 to 6 anchovy fillets, mashed, 1 green onion, both green and white portions, minced, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon, 3 tablespoons tarragon vinegar, 2 cup minced fresh chives, 3 cups mayonnaise should look homemade], title: Green Goddess Dressing, picturelink: null}, 49507: {instructions: In a large, heavybottomed pot, heat oil and kernels over high heat, uncovered, until first pop. Cover and remove from heat for 1 minute. Return to high heat and shake until popping ceases. Sprinkle with salt and shake to distribute evenly. Measure 3 12 cups of popcorn, and reserve.nPlace sugar in a saucepan and add enough water to cover. Cook until caramelized and golden then stir in the reserved popcorn and peanuts. Pour onto greased sheet pan and break up slightly into clumps., ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 tablespoons popcorn kernels, 12 tablespoon salt, 1 cup sugar, Water, to cover, 1 cup salted peanuts, skins still on], title: Caramel Corn, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 49508: {instructions: Combine blackberries and sugar in a small saucepan and cook, over low heat, until slightly thickened and sugar is dissolved. Mash the blackberries slightly with a fork and let cool.nIn a blender, combine 13 cup milk, 10 ounces of ice cream, vanilla bean seeds and the nutmeg and blend until smooth. Fill a tall milkshake glass 13 of the way with some of the milkshake, add a few tablespoons of the blackberry puree, fill 13 of the way with more milkshake, then a few tablespoons of the puree and finish with the remaining milkshake. Use a straw to stir and swirl the mixtures together. Garnish with a few fresh blackberries and serve., ingredients: [1 pint fresh blackberries, plus more, for garnish, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup whole milk, 10 ounces vanilla ice cream, 12 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 18 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg], title: Vanilla BeanNutmeg Shake with Blackberry Swirl, picturelink: G.NCLQVHg3k8tIEQiwX0faGWEXKCgJ.}, 49509: {instructions: Cook rice in water at slow boil for 5 to 10 minutes to evaporate some water and soften rice. Pour in milk, cook uncovered on low heat until creamy in texture. Stir to avoid sticking. In a bowl, combine eggs and sugar. Remove rice from heat, stir in the eggsugar mixture. Return the pot to the heat for 4 to 5 minutes. Turn off the heat. Stir in the vanilla and drained raisins., ingredients: [34 cup Carolina rice, 1 34 to 2 cups water, 1 12 quarts milk, 3 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup raisins soaked in water and then well drained], title: Rice Pudding, picturelink: null}, 49510: {instructions: 1. Heat oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add pancetta and cook, stirring, until slightly crisp and fat has rendered, about 1 minute. Reduce heat to medium, add onion, carrots, celery, and garlic. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until vegetables soften, about 15 minutes. Add zucchini, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add cabbage and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 3 minutes more. Stir in tomatoes and broth bring to a boil. Stir in pasta, lower heat to a simmer, and cook until pasta is tender, about 10 minutes.n2. In a small bowl, mash half beans with a fork. Add mashed and whole beans to soup and cook, stirring, about 3 minutes. Remove soup from heat and stir in herbs and cheese. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide among warm soup bowls and sprinkle with Parmesan. Serve immediately with more cheese at table., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons minced pancetta about 1 ounce, 1 medium Spanish onion, chopped, 3 medium carrots, chopped, 2 celery stalks, with leaves chopped, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 medium zucchini, chopped, 14 head Savoy cabbage about 9 ounces, cored and shredded, 7 drained whole, peeled, canned tomatoes, roughly chopped, 9 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 13 cup tubetti or other small pasta, such as orzo, or broken spaghetti, 1 can cannellini beans about 16 ounces, with liquid, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoon minced fresh marjoram, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 49511: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Peel the shallots, keeping the root ends intact. Place them in a bowl, and mix well with 14 teaspoon of nutmeg and 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Make a bed of coarse salt in a roasting pan, and spread the shallots out in a single layer over the salt. Roast in the oven for about 20 minutes, basting with additional olive oil to prevent the outer layer of the shallots from toughening. The shallots are done when theyre browned outside and just soft inside. Keep warm.nRinse the sorrel and the greens. Dry well, and keep cool. Prepare the vinaigrette: Place the mustard in a bowl. Whisk in the vinegar. Add 12 cup of the olive oil slowly, in a thin stream. Add 12 teaspoon nutmeg, and season with salt and pepper to taste.nLay out the monkfish fillets. Cut 14inch notches all around the perimeter of each fillet. This prevents the fillets from curling up in the pan. Dredge the fillets well in flour, seasoned with salt and pepper. Place the remaining 14 cup of olive oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is very hot, saute the monkfish quickly, about 1 minute per side, until golden brown and just cooked. Remove from pan, and brush each fillet very lightly with a bit of the vinaigrette.nAssemble the salad: Place the dried greens in a large bowl. Cut the warm shallots in half, lengthwise, and toss with the salad. Add the vinaigrette, and mix well. Divide the salad among four plates, and nestle two monkfish fillets into the salad on each plate. Grate about 18 teaspoon of nutmeg over each salad.nSuggested wines: 93 Chablis Sancerre Rouge andor an Alsatian Pinot Noir, ingredients: [20 mediumsized shallots, 1 14 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, 2 teaspoons plus 14 cup olive oil, 6 tablespoons coarse salt, 2 cups sorrel leaves, thick ribs removed, 6 cups assorted greens, such as mache, Italian chicory, Bibb lettuce, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 8 teaspoons white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 10 ounces monkfish, cut into 8 thin fillets, Flour for dredging], title: NutmegScented Sorrel Salad with Roasted Shallots and Monkfish, picturelink: null}, 49512: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the pineapple, papaya, gooseberries and 1 cup of sugar. Bring to a boil, then simmer, stirring every 5 minutes to avoid scorching, for 1 hour or until mixture reaches jam consistency. Cool. Divide papaya mixture into 3 bowls. Fold in fresh mint to one bowl, horseradish to another and chili sauce to the third. Set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the eggs, green onions, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, sherry, remaining teaspoon of sugar and cornstarch. Mix well. Season with salt and pepper. In a large mixing bowl, marinate the mahimahi fingers in the marinade for 10 minutes. Drain. Season the flour with salt and pepper. Dip the fish pieces in the seasoned flour and then the egg. In a mixing bowl combine the panko bread crumbs and the macadamia nuts. Mix well. Dip the fish in the macadamia nut mixture. Coat well. In a wok or deep, heavy kettle, heat 2 14 to 3 inches of oil on mediumhigh heat until it registers 365 degrees F on a deep fry thermometer. Fry fish fingers a few at a time until golden. Drain briefly on paper towels and serve with the tropical marmalade., ingredients: [2 cups fresh pineapple, diced, 3 cups fresh papaya, diced, 12 cup fresh cape gooseberries ground cherries, optional, 1 cup, plus 1 teaspoon, granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh mint or spearmint, chopped, 18 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon chili sauce, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 green onion, minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sherry, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 3 pounds mahimahi dolphinfish fillets, cut into 2 by 3inch pieces, 2 cups of flour, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cup macadamia nuts, minced, 1 12 cups panko bread crumbs, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: DeepFried MahiMahi Macadamia Nut Fingers, picturelink: null}, 49513: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl cream together the cream cheese and the sour cream. Stir in 12 cup of the salsa. Stir in 1 cup of the grated cheese. In a second bowl toss together the chicken, the corn, cumin, cayenne, salt, pepper, and 12 of the scallions. Add the chicken mixture to the cheese mixture and stir to combine.nIn a baking dish spread a 12 cup of the salsa over the bottom. Place about a 13 cup of the filling on a corn tortilla, roll up and transfer to the baking dish with the seam side down. Repeat process for remaining tortillas. Pour remaining salsa over enchiladas, spreading to coat all of them. Sprinkle remaining grated cheese over the top. Enchiladas may be prepared up to this point 12 hours in advance. Transfer to preheated oven and bake for 20 to 25 minutes until hot and bubbly. Enchiladas may be reheated, covered with aluminum foil, before service. Sprinkle with the remaining scallions and serve warm., ingredients: [4 oz. cream cheese, softened, 14 cup sour cream, 2 cups prepared salsa, 2 cups grated Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 12 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and pepper, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 to 14 soft round 6 to 8inch flour or corn tortillas], title: Baked Chicken Cheese Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 49514: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSalmon: Put a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Drizzle the salmon with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until the flesh is cooked through and flakes easily with a fork, about 6 to 8 minutes on each side. Set aside to cool for 20 minutes.nPatties: Using a fork, flake the salmon into 12inch pieces and put into a medium bowl. Add the egg, chives, 12 of the crushed crackers, the corn, mustard, mayonnaise, capers, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Mix gently until just combined. Form the mixture into 2 12inch diameter patties, about 34 inches thick. If the mixture is too dry to form into patties, add extra mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon at a time, Carefully coat the patties in the remaining crushed crackers and refrigerate for 1 hour. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil and butter over medium heat. Add the patties and cook until golden and crispy, about 7 to 8 minutes each side. Drain on paper towels.nSauce: In a small bowl, mix together the yogurt, capers, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange the salmon cakes on a platter and serve alongside the sauce., ingredients: [1 pound skinless salmon fillet see Cooks Note, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten, 13 cup 12ounce chopped fresh chives, 26 saltine crackers, crushed, divided, 12 cup frozen corn, thawed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, plus more, as needed, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup fullfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 12 tablespoons capers, rinsed, drained and chopped, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salmon Cakes with LemonCaper Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: CILzMRbVkLUyEf4fP38A6NOAjjp98wG}, 49515: {instructions: Sprinkle veal with salt and pepper. Dredge veal in flour to coat shake off excess. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Working in batches, add veal and saute until cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer veal to platter tent with foil to keep warm. Repeat with remaining veal, adding more oil to skillet as necessary. Deglaze pan with 12 cup wine and 12 cup broth and reduce to 12 cup. Pour sauce over veal., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless veal round cutlets, salt and pepper, flour, for dredging, oil, 12 cup wine, 12 cup broth], title: Veal Scaloppine, picturelink: null}, 49516: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan, over medium heat. Add the carrots and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in the carrot juice and simmer until the liquid has reduced by 56. Put the carrot mixture in a blender and puree until smooth. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve at room temperature.nMix all of the ingredients in a small bowl and let sit, ideally for 24 hours in the refrigerator. Serve cool.nUsing the grating attachment in a food processor, grate the potatoes, onions, carrot and beet separately. Coat a small saute pan with a little oil and put it over low heat. Add half of the grated onions and saute them slowly until caramelized, soft and sweet. Using a colander, squeeze all the excess liquid out of the remaining vegetables and then combine all of the ingredients in a mixing bowl.nAdd the 2 cups of oil to a medium skillet and heat it to 370 degrees F. Put 2 ounces of the latke mixture into the oil and cook until brown on 1 side, approximately 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon or spatula, flip the latke and continue to cook until brown on the other side. Remove from oil to a paper towel covered tray and immediately season with salt, to taste. Continue with the remaining mixture. Arrange the latkes on a serving platter and serve immediately with the carrot puree and the horseradish and caraway creme fraiche., ingredients: [3 ounces grapeseed oil, 3 large carrots, peeled and diced, 1 quart fresh carrot juice, 14 cup freshly grated horseradish, 2 tablespoons toasted caraway seeds, 1 cup creme fraiche, 3 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 2 red onions, peeled, 1 carrot, peeled, 1 red beet, roasted and peeled, 2 cups grapeseed oil, plus more as needed, 2 eggs, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt, for sprinkling], title: Beet and Red Onion Potato Latkes with Carrot Puree and Horseradish and Caraway Creme Fraiche, picturelink: EgGhDatmDPfvL9FEOoKsj2cCdHjOSKu}, 49517: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a large ovenproof skillet preferably with curved sides, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. Add the apple slices and cook, stirring, until tender, about 10 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar and stir to combine.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, sugar, salt, milk, and flour. Pour this batter over the apples in the skillet, transfer to the oven, and bake until puffy, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, mix the cinnamon and remaining 2 tablespoons brown sugar. Cut the remaining tablespoon of butter into pieces. When the pancake puffs, remove from the oven, dot with butter, sprinkle with cinnamon sugar, and return to the oven to bake until browned, about 10 minutes more. As the pancake comes out of the oven, squeeze the lemon wedges over the top. Serve in wedges right out of the pan., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large apples, peeled, cored, and sliced 14inch thick, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, Pinch salt, 12 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 lemon wedges], title: Big Apple Pancakes, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 49518: {instructions: Special equipment: a silicone baking mat, two 6inch bamboo skewers, 2 corn on the cob holders and an 8inch round cooling racknFor the hot dogs: Unwrap the salt water taffy and caramels and place on a microwavesafe dish. Microwave until slightly softened and a little pliable but not melted, about 10 seconds. Knead the candies together to blend into a uniform pinkish color. Divide into 2 equal sections and roll each piece into a hot dog shape. Freeze for 2 hours to harden.nUsing the food coloring marker, add grill marks to the hot dogs.nFor the grill cake: Bake two 9inch cake rounds according to the cake mix box instructions, then let cool completely. Trim the cake tops, place on large plate and frost with the chocolate frosting.nFor the coals: Preheat the broiler on low. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nArrange the mini marshmallows on the prepared baking sheet in a 7inch diameter circle the marshmallows will melt together and form a disk. Place under the broiler until the marshmallows are slightly charred, 1 to 2 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the cheeseburgers: In a medium pot, combine the marshmallows, chocolate chips and butter and heat over low heat, stirring constantly, until the marshmallows and chocolate are melted. Remove from the heat, stir in the cereal and vanilla and mix until completely combined. Form into patties. Cut the fruit leather into 3by3inch pieces and arrange on top of the puffed rice cereal patties.nFor the kebabs: Thread a slice of the lime and orange candy onto a 6inch bamboo skewer, followed by a gumball and then a lemon and cherry candy slice. Repeat with the remaining candy on a second skewer.nFor the corn on the cob: Slice off the ends of the creamfilled sponge cake. Frost the outside with the vanilla frosting, leaving the bottom unfrosted. Press the jelly beans into the frosting to form corn kernels and continue until completely covered. Insert a corn holder at each end.nTo assemble: Place the disk of marshmallow coals on top of the cake. Sprinkle the rock candy in between the coals. Place an 8inch cooling rack on top. Arrange the hot dogs, kebabs, corn on the cob and cheeseburgers on top of the cooling rack., ingredients: [4 pieces pink salt water taffy, 4 caramels, 1 black food coloring marker, One 18.25ounce box chocolate cake mix, One 16ounce can chocolate frosting, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking mat, 2 cups mini marshmallows, left out on a baking sheet until stale a few hours, 14 cup crushed red rock candy or red popping candy, 1 cup mini marshmallows, 3 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 12 cups chocolate puffed rice cereal, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 piece yellow fruit leather or fruit roll, 1 lime candy fruit segment, sliced in half, 1 orange candy fruit segment, sliced in half, 2 red gum balls, 1 lemon candy fruit segment, sliced in half, 1 cherry candy fruit segment, sliced in half, 1 creamfilled sponge cake, such as Twinkies, 14 cup vanilla frosting, 12 cup mixed yellow and white small jelly beans], title: GetYourGrillOn Cake, picturelink: LPumCi5nVimmBwn3GM4g.OLNQsWJ6CK}, 49519: {instructions: What Im giving you here is really more of a suggestion because the amount of Christmas pudding youll have leftover will really depend on how greedy your guests were on Christmas day. But personally, I love Christmas pudding and I think its almost worth having another pudding stashed away so you can make this as an afterChristmas treat.nPut a pan over a medium heat and crumble in your Christmas pudding. Squash it down a bit with a wooden spoon to help it heat up and get a bit crispy. Fry for about 4 to 5 minutes, stirring every so often so it doesnt catch.nIn another small pan on a low heat, add your cranberry sauce with a splash of red or mulled wine. Stir in and cook for a few minutes until warmed through. Cooks Note: If your sauce is too tart for your liking, add 1 teaspoon or 2 of sugar. If youve made up a batch of my spiced sugar, then use that because it will be delicious with the cranberry.nOnce your pudding is warm and slightly crispy and the sauce has heated up, divide 12 of your pudding evenly among your 4 glasses or bowls. Add a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top of the pudding, drizzle over your hot cranberry sauce, and a good sprinkling of toasted flaked almonds. Divide the remaining Christmas pudding among your glasses and layer again with ice cream, cranberry sauce, and flaked almonds. Finish the sundae off by grating over a bit of nice dark chocolate and dig in before the ice cream melts., ingredients: [7 ounces 200 g leftover Christmas pudding, 6 tablespoons cranberry sauce, Red wine or mulled wine, 2 teaspoons sugar, optional, 1 17ounce 500 ml tub goodquality vanilla ice cream, A large handful flaked almonds, toasted, 1 3 12ounce 100 g bar goodquality dark chocolate 70percent cocoa solids], title: Jamies Leftover Christmas Pudding and Ice Cream Sundae, picturelink: null}, 49520: {instructions: Set aside or prepare the roasted tomatoes.nSalt the eggplant and drain in colander, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a little extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, garlic, chile pepper, if using, marjoram, salt, and pepper. Cover the pan with a lid and sweat the onions 10 to 15 minutes, until very soft and sweet. Add the roasted tomatoes and stir, then let the sauce thicken 15 minutes, uncovered over medium heat. Cooks Note: The mixture should be very thick.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWhile the sauce cooks make a breading station 3 sections for the eggplant: flour, beaten egg, and panko bread crumbs mixed with cheese, corn meal, and fennel. Coat the eggplant slices in order and arrange on a plate. Heat a thin layer of frying oil in a large heavybottom skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat and cook the eggplant 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Drain the eggplant on a cooling rack, wipe out the skillet and repeat. Sprinkle the hot eggplant with a little salt. When all of eggplant has been cooked, wipe the pan clean again and heat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil in the skillet over medium heat, add the garlic and stir 1 minute. Add the greens and wilt them, season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Turn off the heat. Build stacks on cooling rack placed over baking sheet: eggplant, chard, tomatoonions, basil leaves, mozzarella, and eggplant. Place in oven 5 minutes to melt the mozzarella. Serve immediately.nFor the tomatoes:nHeat the oven to 500 degrees F.nArrange the tomatoes on a baking sheet or baking sheets in a single layer. Scatter the garlic among the tomatoes, dress with extravirgin olive oil to coat and season with salt and pepper. Roast the tomatoes until they burst and skins split and begin to char, about 30 minutes. Cool the tomatoes until cool enough to handle and peel. Place the tomatoes in a bowl., ingredients: [6 roasted or peeled tomatoes with their juice, chopped, recipe follows, 2 medium eggplants, sliced into 12 inchthick rounds about 2 pounds, Salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or thinly sliced, 1 small chile pepper, seeded and finely chopped, optional, 1 sprig fresh marjoram or oregano, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, 1 12 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 12 cup corn meal, a couple of handfuls, 2 teaspoons fennel pollen or ground fennel seed, optional, Vegetable oil plus Omega3, for shallow frying, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 bundle fresh green or red chard, washed, stemmed and shredded, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 24 ripe organic vine tomatoes or large plum tomatoes, Several cloves garlic, crushed, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling], title: Eggplant Parm Stacks, picturelink: 9jKIS513y6e1O7wPG8lykpzVJzVOW}, 49521: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Cook bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towel crumble. In small bowl, combine bacon, cheese and olives toss to mix. In another small bowl, combine sour cream, salad dressing and salt mix well. Spoon into small serving bowl. Refrigerate until serving time. Separate dough into 8 triangles press out slightly. Cut each triangle in half lengthwise from tip end to short side to make 16 triangles. Spread thin layer of tomato paste on each triangle. Spoon 1 12 teaspoons olive mixture on short side of each triangle spread slightly. Roll up, starting at short side of triangle and rolling to opposite point. Place, point side down, on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 350 for 13 to 18 minutes or until golden brown. Place bowl of sour cream mixture in center of serving plate. Arrange warm crescent bites around bowl., ingredients: [5 slices bacon, 2 oz. Asiago cheese, finely shredded 12 cup, 8 pitted mediumsized ripe olives, chopped, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup purchased ranch salad dressing, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 8oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls, 1 to 2 teaspoons purchased sundried tomato paste or Italian tomato paste], title: Savory Crescent Bites, picturelink: null}, 49522: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut a lengthwise slit in each plantain and set on a baking sheet. Bake until the flesh is thoroughly soft and oozing through the slit, 4050 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, make the stuffing: Peel, core and finely chop 3 of the quinces. Peel and core the remaining 2 quinces and cut each into 8 wedges. Drop the wedges into a bowl of cold water to cover and squeeze in the lemon juice.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over moderate heat. Add the brown sugar and cook, stirring, until the sugar has melted. Add the finely chopped quinces, ginger, orange zest, cloves and cinnamon and stir to combine. Add 1 cup of water and continue cooking until most of the liquid is gone, about 15 minutes. Add the orange juice and rum and cook until almost all of the liquid is gone, about 5 minutes. Drain the quince wedges and add to the pan. Reduce the heat, cover and cook until the wedges are just soft, about 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the walnuts and let cool. The stuffing can be make a day in advance and refrigerated.nMake the dough in a food processor with a paddle attachment: Peel, trim and discard any tough ends from the plantains. Combine the plantains and salt and pulse until a smooth puree is formed, or mix until just blended. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate about 2 hours.nTo assemble: Roll 2 tablespoons of the dough between your palms to form a ball. Line the bottom of a tortilla press with a small plastic bag and place the ball of dough in the center. Place another plastic bag over the dough and press to form a 3 12inch circle. Place a quince wedge on half of the dough circle and top it with a teaspoon of the sauce. Fold over to enclose the quince and press the edges to seal. Place the stuffed empanadas on a platter and chill at least 30 minutes.nHeat the vegetable oil to 375 degrees F. Gently drop the empanadas into the hot oil and fry until golden, about 6 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve hot., ingredients: [3 large ripe plantains, unpeeled, 5 large ripe quince, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup dark rum, 12 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil for deep frying, Powdered sugar], title: Fried Quince Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 49523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Waffle ironnPreheat waffle iron.nIn a large bowl combine flour, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt. In a medium bowl, beat eggs and brown sugar until fluffy, then beat in pumpkin, milk, molasses and melted butter. Stir the wet into dry until just moist. Do not overstir the waffle batter. Brush the iron with a little melted butter and cook 4 waffles, 4 sections each. Serve with toppings of choice., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, 23 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 1 14 cups milk, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup 1 stick melted butter, plus some to butter the iron, Syrup, whipped cream or fresh fruits for topping, to pass at table], title: Gingerbread Waffles, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 49524: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the bread cubes on a sheet pan and bake for 15 minutes, tossing once, until lightly browned. Place the pancetta in one layer on another sheet pan and bake in the same oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Place the pancetta on a plate lined with paper towels and set aside.nSoak the leeks in water until theyre clean, and spin them dry in a salad spinner. Heat the butter in an 11inch pot over medium heat add the leeks and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the wine, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper and cook for 5 minutes, until the wine almost evaporates and the leeks are tender. Off the heat, mix in the artichokes, toasted bread cubes, chives and tarragon.nWhisk the eggs, cream, chicken stock, nutmeg and 1 teaspoon salt together in a large bowl. Spoon half of the bread mixture into a 9by13by2inch baking dish. Sprinkle with half the Emmentaler and add the remaining bread mixture. Pour on the cream mixture, sprinkle with the remaining Emmentaler and press lightly to help the bread absorb the liquid. Dice or crumble the pancetta, scatter on top and sprinkle with pepper. Set aside at room temperature for 30 minutes to allow the bread to absorb the cream mixture. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, until the custard is set and the bread pudding is puffed and golden. Serve hot.nFind these recipes and more in Inas new book, Make It Ahead: A Barefoot Contessa Cookbook 35, Clarkson Potter.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [8 cups 1inchdiced dayold bakery white bread, crusts removed, 3 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, 6 cups 12inchdiced leeks, white and light green parts 5 leeks, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup dry white wine, such as Pinot Grigio, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 9ounce package frozen artichoke hearts, defrosted, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 4 extralarge eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup good chicken stock, preferably homemade, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 cups grated Emmentaler Swiss cheese 8 ounces], title: Leek and Artichoke Bread Pudding, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 49525: {instructions: Cook 6 sliced garlic cloves in 14 cup olive oil over low heat until golden, 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in 3 tablespoons each chopped walnuts and sundried tomatoes not oilpacked let cool. Stir in 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Toss with 1 small head each torn Bibb and redleaf lettuce.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Mixed Greens with Walnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 49526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSugar red hearts, for garnishnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Put 12 flat bottomed ice cream cones into cupcake tins.nWhisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt into a medium bowl and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, using a hand held electric beater, cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add eggs and vegetable oil and beat well, then add the buttermilk, white vinegar, vanilla extract and food coloring. Beat until just combined, then add dry ingredients and mix until smooth.nDivide the batter among the ice cream cones, filling half way. Bake in the center rack of the oven until a tester inserted into the center of the cupcake comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely on a wire rack before frosting.nIcing:nIn a medium bowl beat cream cheese and butter together until smooth and creamy. Stir in the vanilla extract. Add the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time, until desired consistency is reached.nFrost the tops of the cupcakes and sprinkle with sugared red hearts., ingredients: [12 flatbottomed wafer ice cream cones, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon table salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 13 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup well shaken buttermilk, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon red food coloring, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 cups confectioners sugar], title: Red Velvet Cone Cakes, picturelink: o5Sh5hdatt9WnuX2DIYVOVxS56SmS}, 49527: {instructions: Combine the anchovies, mayonnaise, sour cream, scallions, herbs, lime juice, and salt in a blender. Puree to make a smooth dressing. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Refrigerate for 1 hour before serving. Can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 days.n2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined with tailsnOil or melted butter, for grillingnKosher salt and freshly ground black peppern1 limenToss the shrimp with just enough oil or butter to coat lightly, and then season with salt and pepper. Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the shrimp until they just curl and are translucent, about 1 12 minutes on each side. Squeeze the lime over the shrimp and serve warm or at room temperature with the dip.n6 cups cold watern2 cup white winen4 strips lemon zestn2 teaspoon kosher saltn1 teaspoon black peppercornsn1 fresh bay leaf, slicedn2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined with tailsnCombine all the ingredients in a large saucepan and heat over high heat until the shrimp turn pink and firm up, and the water just barely begins to simmer, about 6 minutes. Pull the pan from the heat and set aside for 3 minutes.nDrain the shrimp and put them in a bowl. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap, and pierce the wrap a few times to let steam escapeu00bfotherwise water will collect on the wrap and drip onto the shrimp. Chill at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 anchovy fillets, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, dried, and coarsely chopped, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 scallions white and green, chopped, 1 cup mixed fresh herbs, such as basil, parsley, and tarragon, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds shrimp, grilled or poached, recipes follow], title: Green Goddess Dip with Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 49528: {instructions: Place the noodles in a large bowl and cover with boiling water. Let soak until softened, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and toss with 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil to prevent sticking.nIn a small saucepan or wok, heat the beef stock to a simmer and then keep warm on low heat.nIn a small frying pan set over medium heat, drytoast the peppercorns until fragrant. Remove from the heat and crush in a mortar and pestle, place in a plastic bag and crush with a rolling pin or use a spice grinder.nHeat a wok over high heat and add the peanut oil. Add the garlic, ginger, chili and 1 tablespoon of the ground peppercorns and stirfry a few seconds. Add the pork and chili bean sauce and continue stirfrying. As the pork browns, add the rice wine. When the pork has browned, add the tofu and mix gently. Season the stirfry with soy sauce,nblack rice vinegar, the remaining 1 teaspoon sesame oil, salt and ground white pepper.nAdd the hot beef stock to the pork and tofu and bring to a boil. In a small bowl, stir together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons water, then stir into the sauce to thicken. Stir in the scallions and remove from the heat. Serve over the noodles and sprinkle with the remaining peppercorns., ingredients: [8 ounces mung bean noodles or rice noodles, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 34 cup beef stock, 1 12 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 1 red Fresno chile, seeded and finely diced, 12 ounce ground pork, 1 to 2 tablespoons chili bean sauce, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 pound firm fresh tofu, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 to 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 to 2 tablespoons black rice vinegar or balsamic vinegar, Sea salt, Ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 large scallions, sliced], title: Mapo Dofu, picturelink: null}, 49529: {instructions: Beat the eggs, add the cream, salt, cinnamon and vanilla. Submerge the bread slices in the egg mixture for 5 minutes. Lay both sides of the bread in the almonds to coat. Heat the butter in a heavy pan until the foam subsides, then add the slices of bread. Cook over low flame until delicate brown. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, garnish with sliced fruit and serve hot., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup cream, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 slices thick bread, 2 cups coarsely ground almonds, 2 tablespoons butter, Powdered sugar, Sliced seasonal fruit], title: Pain Perdu, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 49530: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place 8 ramekins in cool water bath half way up.nSeparate the eggs. Whisk the egg yolks in a large bowl with very soft butter. Add sugar, juice, milk, and the dry ingredients. Either whisk until smooth or use the paddle on an electric mixer.nHand whip the egg whites to medium peak. Since there is no sugar in them, its quite easy to over whip them on the machine.nWith a hand whisk, fold whites into lemon mixture and pour immediately or ladle immediately into ramekins. Bake until light golden and semifirm, about 15 minutes. Cool. Pudding may be served cold or room temperature. Serve topped with the Poppy Seed Cream.nBring milk, sugar, and vanilla to a boil in small saucepot. Whisk yolks with cornstarch until smooth in small bowl. Temper hot milk into yolks and return them to the pot, cooking until it begins to burble, stirring all the while. Remove immediately from pot. Finish with butter and cool.nAdd seeds and zest to pastry cream. Fold in whipped cream. Top puddings with large dollop of poppy cream. The pudding is layered. The top is a fluffy cake like thing with a lemon custard bottom., ingredients: [6 eggs, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups lemon juice, 1 cup milk, 14 cup flour, 14 cup cornstarch, Poppyseed Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 3 yolks, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 2 lemons, zested, 1 cup cream, whipped], title: Baked Lemon Pudding with Poppy Seed Cream, picturelink: null}, 49531: {instructions: Special equipment: cookie cuttersnFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream together the granulated sugar and butter until fluffy and pale. Add the eggs and mix until incorporated, then add in the vanilla and finally add the sour cream, mixing until well blended.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. With the mixer set to low speed, add the dry ingredients to the butter and mix until well combined. Chill in the refrigerator for about 20 minutes.nDust a clean surface with flour. Roll out the dough and cut into shapes with cookie cutters. Place each on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 12 minutes. Cool the cookies completely.nFor the frosting: In a stand mixer fitted with the whip attachment, whip the butter until soft and creamy. Add the confectioners sugar, milk, vanilla and salt. Cream together until fluffy. Spread the frosting over the cookies, about 2 heaping tablespoons per 3inch cookie., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sour cream, 4 cups flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks butter, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Rolled Sugar Cookies, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 49532: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saucepan combine heavy cream and chipotle chile peppers. Bring to a boil, simmer for 5 minutes and remove from heat. Allow to sit for 10 minutes and strain. For a spicy flavor, stem and seed the chiles and in a blender puree the heavy cream with the chiles until smooth.nIn a 13 by 9inch baking dish, spread out onethird of the sweet potatoes. Sprinkle 1 cup of the cheese over the potatoes and season with grated nutmeg, salt and pepper. Pour about 1 cup of the heavy cream over the potatoes and cheese. Repeat procedure two more times ending with cheese on top, only using enough cream to just cover the potatoes.nBake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until potatoes are tender and browned., ingredients: [3 to 4 cups heavy cream, 2 dried chipotle chile peppers or dried chile of choice, 5 large sweet potatoes, peeled and very thinly sliced, 3 cups grated Gruyere cheese, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Sweet Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 49533: {instructions: Cooks Note: Add any leftovers scraps from other parts of the tenderloin that you likenRemove the beef from the refrigerator 1 hour before cooking.nPreheat a grill pan over high heat.nLightly pound the chain with a smooth meat mallet until it is even thickness throughout. Toss the meat with 1 teaspoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Once the grill pan is hot, place the chain on the pan and cook on both sides until cooked through, approximately 3 to 4 minutes per side. If necessary, cut the chain in half or thirds to fit on the pan. Remove the chain from the grill and wrap in aluminum foil. Allow to rest while the onions are cooking.nAdd remaining teaspoon of oil to grill pan and saute the onions on the grill until they are tender and beginning to brown, approximately 7 to 10 minutes.nSlice the beef into small strips and divide evenly among the hoagie rolls. Pour any juice from the meat onto the hoagie as well. Top the meat with the cheese, followed by the onions. Wrap the sandwiches in aluminum foil for 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 trimmed chain section from a beef tenderloin, approximately 6 to 8 ounces, 2 teaspoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, julienned, 2 hoagie rolls, 2 ounces grated Mimolette cheese], title: Chain of Bull Cheese Steaks, picturelink: null}, 49534: {instructions: For the pickles: Place the zucchini slices and oregano in a large jar or heatsafe container. Heat the apple cider vinegar, sugar, peppercorns, salt, fennel seed, red pepper flakes and bay leaf in a medium saucepan, stirring until the sugar and salt have dissolved, about 2 minutes. Pour the pickling liquid and spices into the jar. Let cool completely, uncovered. Place in the refrigerator for at least 24 hours and store for up to 6 weeks.nFor the frico: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone mat. Toss the Parmesan, flour and pepper together in a large bowl, making sure the flour is evenly distributed throughout the cheese. Arrange mounds of 2 tablespoons of cheese 4 inches apart on the baking sheet and flatten each mound slightly with a spatula to form a 3inch round. Bake the frico in the oven until golden brown, about 10 minutes, rotating the sheet halfway through baking. Cool the frico on the baking sheet for 2 minutes, and then gently transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nFor the mayo: In a small bowl, stir together the mayo, garlic, lemon juice, parsley, oregano, salt and pepper.nFor the patties: In a large bowl, combine the beef, lamb, salt and pepper. Form the mixture into six 4inchdiameter patties, each about 12inch thick. Drizzle the patties with olive oil. Place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Grill the patties until they are grill marked and cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Allow the patties to rest for 5 minutes.nFor the burgers: Drizzle the cut side of the ciabatta rolls with olive oil and grill lightly until toasted, about 1 to 2 minutes. Spread the garlic mayo over the bottom halves of the grilled bread. Place the burger patties on the bread and top each patty with 2 tomato slices, 4 pickle slices and 1 frico round., ingredients: [1 pound zucchini, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 13 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup coarsely grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 garlic bulb, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup mayo, 6 cloves roasted garlic see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped oregano, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 12 pound ground lamb, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 ciabatta rolls, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Roasted Garlic Mayo, 6 Burger Patties, 4 medium tomatoes, sliced into 14inch rounds to yield 12 slices, 12 Zucchini Pickle slices, 6 Parmesan Frico rounds], title: Gourmet Diner Burgers, picturelink: null}, 49535: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onions and jalapenos and cook over medium heat until onions are soft and transparent, about 5 minutes. Add salt, dry mustard, black pepper, cayenne, and garlic salt. Stir to combine and then mix in the brown sugar. Add the cider vinegar, ketchup, molasses, Worcestershire, and water and whisk all together until thoroughly combined. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 20 to 35 minutes, whisking every few minutes to prevent sauce from burning and sticking to bottom. Strain sauce to remove onions and jalapenos before serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons soybean oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 4 jalapeno peppers, stemmed and diced do not remove seeds, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon dry mustard powder, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 cup brown sugar, 34 cup cider vinegar, 3 cups ketchup, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup water], title: Rubys Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 49536: {instructions: Warm a large pot of olive oil to 200 degrees F. Season fish with salt and pepper. Submerge in oil. Add tomatoes and submerge. Cook slowly until fish is done, about 15 minutes. Remove fish.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook the lardons until crispy. Remove and pour out most oil. Add garlic and cook until slightly brown. Add spinach and cook until wilted. Remove and keep warm. Add fish and turn, to quickly crisp skin on all sides. Serve fish with tomatoes atop spinach and sprinkle with lardons., ingredients: [2 quarts olive oil, 4 6ounce red snapper fillets, skin on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 heirloom tomatoes, 14 pound lardons, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 cups packed spinach], title: Red Snapper and Heirloom Tomatoes Poached in Olive Oil, picturelink: null}, 49537: {instructions: Peel and cut bananas into 14inch slices on the bias. Place into a bowl. Spoon creme fraiche over the bananas and sprinkle with sugar., ingredients: [8 bananas, 2 cups creme fraiche, Unprocessed sugar, for sprinkling], title: Bananas with Sugar and Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 49538: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with cold water season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender, about 20 minutes drain and return to the pot. Stir in the butter, 12 tablespoon chives, and salt and pepper to taste cover to keep warm.nRinse the salmon under cold water pat dry. Brush with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the salmon, skinside down cook, shaking the skillet occasionally, until the skin is crisp, 5 minutes. Flip the salmon continue cooking, flipping occasionally and sprinkling with the coriander and the remaining chives, until just opaque, about 7 more minutes. Remove from the skillet.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the cabbage and tarragon to the skillet. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until the cabbage is wilted, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the salmon with the cabbage and potatoes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 pound baby redskinned potatoes, halved if large, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives andor dill, Freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce frozen sockeye salmon fillets do not thaw, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 small head napa cabbage, shredded about 8 cups, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon], title: ChiveCoriander Salmon and Cabbage, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 49539: {instructions: Put the pomegranate juice and cider in a large nonreactive pot along with the dried fruits, orange zest, and spices. Warm gently over low heat, stirring occasionally, until fragrant, about 30 minutes. Take care not to let the mixture boil. Serve in clear mugs or glasses with spices and dried fruit, and add a splash of your favorite liquor., ingredients: [4 cups pomegranate juice, 3 cups cider, 6 dried pears, 6 dried apples, 2 to 3 strips orange zest, 5 cardamom pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 5 allspice berries, 1 star anise, Brandy, rum, vodka or port], title: Mulled PomApple Cider, picturelink: null}, 49540: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the cabbage, bell pepper, onion, and radishes with the salt and place in a strainer set over a bowl. Refrigerate overnight.nPress out as much liquid as possible from the vegetables.nCombine the vinegar, honey, mustard, turmeric, horseradish, cloves, bay leaf and chili with 12 cup water in a large pot and boil for 5 minutes. Add the vegetable mixture, toss to coat and bring it back to a boil. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to a container and store in the refrigerator for up to 7 days., ingredients: [2 cups shredded red cabbage about 14 head, 1 red bell pepper, small dice about 1 cup, 1 medium onion, small dice, 6 radishes, thinly sliced about 34 cup, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 13 to 12 cup honey, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 bay leaf, 1 Thai chili, quartered if fresh and left whole if dried], title: ChowChow, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 49541: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the squash on a rimmed baking sheet, drizzle over the melted butter, season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Spread out in a single layer on the baking sheet, allowing space in between the cubes when possible. Roast until tender and lightly browned on the bottom, about 25 minutes.nHeat the oil in a stockpot over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute until the shallots have softened and turned a light golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a simmer.nMeanwhile, if using bacon, heat a large heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the bacon pieces. Saute until they are cooked and crisp, then transfer them with a slotted spoon to some paper towels to drain.nAdd the cooked butternut squash to the simmering broth. Working in batches, puree the soup in a blender or food processor alternately you can run the mixture through a food mill, which offers a great kind of nubby texture, or puree right in the pot with an immersion blender. Return the pureed soup to the pot. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nAdd the cream and heat just until warmed through. Place the creme fraiche in a small bowl and stir with a fork make it very soft and creamy. Ladle the soup into bowls, swirl in a tablespoon of the creme fraiche, and sprinkle with some crisped bacon, if using., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup minced shallots see Cooks Note, 4 cups lowsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 4 thickcut strips bacon, sliced crosswise into 12inch pieces, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup creme fraiche for serving], title: Roasted Butternut Squash Soup with Creme Fraiche, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 49542: {instructions: Scallion Ginger Sauce: In a saute pan lightly coated with oil, saute the ginger, scallions and celery until soft, about 5 minutes. Season and transfer to a blender. On high speed, blend and add the oil. Check for flavor.nIn a large pan on high heat, coat with oil. Season the fillets on both sides and sear both sides until brown, but still raw in center, 3 to 4 minutes, per side. Set aside.nIn the same hot pan, add the garlic and onions and cook until brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the zucchini and corn, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Check for seasoning. Add the soy and oregano, check for flavor. Let cool. On a 18 by 18inch sheet of foil, place a mound of the vegetables in the middle. Top with tomato slices and season with salt and pepper.nLay 1 fish fillet on the tomatoes and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Fold up papillote, making sure it is airtight. On a grill pan, or comal on low heat, place the papillotes on vegetable side down and cook for 10 to 12 minutes, adding water for steam. The package will puff up a little.nPlating: Place the papillotes on plates and slice open with one horizontal cut and 2 vertical cuts towards the ends. Spoon on scallion sauce. Garnish with diced avocado and lime.nBeverage: Lime Kir Royale Juice of 1 lime per glass of sparkling wine, any Cava or sparkling wine from Vouvray, ingredients: [12 cup 116inch thick sliced peeled ginger, 2 cups chopped scallions,, 12 cup 116inch thick sliced celery, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6 ounce fillets robalo red snapper or grouper, skin off, 4 cloves garlic, sliced 116inch thick, 2 onions, sliced 14inch thick, 1 large zucchini, diced into 14inch cubes, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce, 2 teaspoons dried Mexican oregano, 2 large Roma tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, Extravirgin olive oil, to cook, 1 large or 2 small avocados, cut into 14inch dice, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Robalo en Papillote with Local Vegetables and ScallionGinger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49543: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a microwave safe bowl and set aside. Peel and grate the potatoes with the shredding attachment of a food processor, or on the wide holes of a box grater. Transfer potatoes to a bowl, and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Drizzle the oil and melted butter over the potatoes and toss to coat evenly. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the potatoes and spread to evenly fill the skillet. Cook the potato cake, adding a few nut size bits of the remaining butter around the edges until the underside is crispy brown, about 10 minutes.nReduce the heat to mediumlow flip the cake sliding onto a plate and then inverting back into the pan. Cook adding the last of the butter as before around the edges, until golden brown and potatoes are cooked through, about 10 minutes more. Serve immediately.nCopyright c 2005 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14 pounds waxy potatoes, such as Yukon gold, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Potato Cake, picturelink: null}, 49544: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag a small piping tip, such as the Ateco 0nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Set a baking rack on a baking sheet and put it in the oven.nFor the glaze: Put the cream cheese in a bowl. Heat the maple syrup in a small saucepan over low heat until it just begins to simmer, then pour over the cream cheese and whisk vigorously until smooth. Set aside and keep warm.nFor the cinnamon swirl: Melt the butter in a small saucepan until light golden brown. Whisk in the muscovado sugar and cinnamon the sugar may clump and separate from the butteru00bfdont worry. Whisk in 14 cup water and bring to a simmer, whisking until the mixture smoothes out. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the cream and simmer another 2 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl to coolthe mixture will thicken as it coolsthen transfer to a piping bag with a small tip.nFor the pancakes: Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, 3 tablespoons melted butter, eggs and vanilla. Add the wet mixture to the dry and whisk until just combined.nHeat a large nonstick pan or castiron griddle over medium heat and brush with some melted butter. Ladle about 14 cup of the batter into the pan and spread to make a 4inch circle. Ladle in a few more pancakes, being careful not to crowd them.nWhen the pancakes just begin to form bubbles on the surface, pipe in the cinnamon swirl filling: Starting at the center of the pancakes, squeeze the filling on top in a swirl just as you see in a regular cinnamon bun. Continue cooking until larger bubbles begin to appear, the surfaces are somewhat dry and set, and the bottoms are light golden brown, about 2 minutesadjust the heat as necessary so the bottoms dont brown before the tops set. Flip over and continue cooking until golden brown on the reverse side, about 1 minute longer.nTransfer the pancakes to the oven to keep warm while you make the rest of the pancakes.nTo serve: Stack 3 pancakes on each plate, drizzle with some of the maple cream cheese glaze, and sprinkle with pecans., ingredients: [3 ounces cream cheese, such as Philadelphia, cut into small pieces, room temperature, 14 cup grade B maple syrup, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup dark muscovado sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon table salt, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus for the pan, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted pecans], title: Cinnamon Bun Pancakes with Maple Cream Cheese Glaze, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 49545: {instructions: In a stockpot, combine chicken and stock. Heat to a boil and, after five minutes, skim off any impurities. Add the mirepoix, bay leaves, and season, to taste. Cover and cook until forktender, about 1 12 hours. Remove the chicken and strain the stock, reserving the liquid.nMeanwhile, combine flour, salt, baking powder, and parsley in a bowl. Cut in butter with a fork until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 10 ounces milk and stir briefly with a fork. Add only enough of the remaining 2 ounces of milk to make the dough hold together. Roll dough out to 14inch thickness. Cut dough into 2inch rounds.nHeat 2 quarts of the strained stock to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer, and drop in the dumplings. When they rise to the top, cover and simmer for 10 minutes or until they are cooked inside. Keep warm.nCombine the canola oil and flour, and heat together until light brown in color blond roux. Add some hot stock to the roux, to loosen it, and then add the roux to the simmering 1quart of stock. Heat to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for about 10 minutes or until the starch is fully cooked and mixture is smooth. Strain the sauce through a fine strainer and keep warm.nMeanwhile, cut the chickens into quarters and partially debone.nTo serve, place a portion of chicken on a preheated dinner plate, arrange dumplings around chicken and cover nappe with sauce., ingredients: [3 3pound whole chickens, rinsed in cold water and patted dry, 1 gallon white chicken stock, heated to a boil, 8 ounces carrots, washed, peeled, and 14 inch sliced, 1 pound onions, peeled and 14 inch sliced, 1 pound celery, washed, trimmed, and 14 inch sliced, 8 ounces leeks white part only, washed, trimmed, and 14 inch sliced, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups allpurpose flour, or as needed, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 4 12 teaspoons baking powder, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, washed and chopped fine, 6 tablespoons butter, 10 ounces milk plus 2 ounces, 2 ounces canola oil, 2 ounces flour], title: Chicken with Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 49546: {}, 49547: {instructions: Pour 2 cups of the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan and carefully pour the water around it, trying not to splash any sugar onto the sides of the pan. Do not stir gently draw your finger through the center of the sugar twice making a cross to moisten it. Over mediumhigh heat, bring to a boil without stirring. Reduce the heat to a fast simmer and cook without stirring until ambercaramel in color, 10 to 20 minutes. Immediately remove from the heat. Set 8 1cup ramekins or shallow coffee cups nearby. When the caramel is cooked, quickly pour about 14 cup of caramel into each ramekin and swirl to coat the sides. Set aside to cool. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a saucepan, bring the milk, vanilla bean and cinnamon sticks to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 minutes. Add the chopped chocolate and whisk to melt and combine. Meanwhile, whisk together the eggs, additional egg yolks, and the remaining cup of sugar. Whisk about 12 cup of the hot milk into the egg mixture and then whisk in the remaining hot milk. Strain the mixture into a pitcher to smooth it and to remove the vanilla bean and the cinnamon sticks.nPour the mixture into the caramellined ramekins and arrange in a hot water bath. Bake in the center of the oven until set in the center, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the water bath and let cool. Tightly cover each ramekin with plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. Or refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 24 hours.nTo serve, turn out flans onto plates you may need to dip the bottom of each ramekin in hot water to loosen the caramel. The caramel will pour out and serve as the sauce., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 4 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 2 cinnamon sticks recommended: Ceylon cinnamon, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 7 eggs, 2 egg yolks], title: Flan de Chocolate, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 49548: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut ends off each cantaloupe and stand upright. Remove skin in strips working around melons. Halve melons and seed with spoon. Chunk melons and place pieces in food processor. You will work in 2 batches. Fill processor 34 full. Add 1 tablespoon sugar, the juice of 12 lime and about 34 cup spring water. Pulse grind them process soup until smooth. Adjust sugar to your taste and pour soup into 2 bowls, repeat process. Top each soup bowl with kiwi and raspberries and serve., ingredients: [2 ripe small to medium cantaloupes, 2 rounded tablespoons sugar, 1 lime, juiced, 1 12 cups spring water, 2 kiwis, peeled and diced or thinly sliced, 12 pint raspberries], title: Melon Soup, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 49549: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the shallots, celery, carrots and 1 tablespoon parsley and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the stock and rice and stir to combine. Cover and bring to a boil. Once the mixture comes to a boil, turn off the heat and let sit for 5 minutes.nFluff the rice with a fork and stir in herbs. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons finely chopped celery, 2 tablespoons finely chopped carrots, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock or broth, 2 cups instant rice recommended: Uncle Bens, 2 tablespoons combination freshly chopped marjoram, oregano and thyme leaves], title: Herbed Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 49550: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon together in a medium bowl and set aside.nBeat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat until light in color, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Fold in the chocolate chips by hand using a rubber spatula.nUsing a small scoop or tablespoon, drop level tablespoonsful of dough onto the prepared baking sheet, about 2 inches apart. Store the dough in the refrigerator between batches. Bake in three separate batches until golden around the edges, the center is soft set and the tops get nice and crackly, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool the cookies on the baking sheet for 5 minutes, and then remove to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: GoTo Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: ynMTpneOoWVD9NPuVoPWKiusKyAReXe}, 49551: {instructions: In a stockpot, heat the olive oil. Saute the garlic, yellow squash, eggplant, zucchini, celery, bell peppers, fennel, carrots, onion, and tomato until glossy. Season with salt, pepper, and sugar, to taste. Stir in the flour and continue to cook until golden in color. Stir in the tomato paste, stock, potatoes, and bouquet garni. Bring mixture to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Cook until the potatoes are al dente.nAdd clams, cover, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until clams open. Uncover and remove bouquet garni. Add the garbanzo beans and Saffron Pasta Shells. Divide onto 4 soup plates and drizzle with Pistou Sauce and extra virgin olive oil. Garnish with 3 slices of grilled baguette. Serve immediately.nBring water, salt and saffron to a boil. Add dry pasta shells and cook until al dente. Drain and rinse in cold water. Lightly dress with olive oil. Refrigerate until needed.nYield: 2 cupsnIn a blender, combine olive oil, garlic, and salt. Process until garlic is minced, then while motor is running, add the basil leaves. Continue to process until pureed. Refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup diced 12inch yellow squash or zucchini, 12 cup diced 12inch eggplant, 12 cup diced 12inch zucchini, 12 cup diced 12inch celery stalk, 12 cup diced 12inch yellow bell pepper, 12 cup diced 12inch red bell pepper, 12 cup diced 12inch fennel bulb, 12 cup diced 12inch carrots, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 cup tomato concasse, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 quarts chicken or vegetable stock, 1 cup diced 34inch baking potatoes, like russets, 1 bouquet garni 1 sprig each of basil, parsley and bay leaf, 2 pounds Littleneck clams, cleaned and soaked in salted water for 15 minutes, drain, 12 cup canned garbanzo beans, drained, rinsed, and peeled, 2 cups Saffron Pasta Shells, recipe follows, 4 to 8 tablespoons Pistou Sauce, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, to drizzle, 6 bias slices baguette, brushed with olive oil, grilled, sliced in half lengthwise, Water, Salt, Pinch saffron threads, 2 ounces small dry pasta shells, 23 cup olive oil, 1 clove garlic, Pinch salt, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, packed], title: Minestrone Soup with Clams, picturelink: null}, 49552: {instructions: In a heavy cast iron pot, heat milk, cream, and 1 cup sugar in a saucepan. Cover top of cream mixture completely with prepared popcorn. When popcorn starts to melt into mixture, sprinkle some more popcorn on top. When the mixture starts to bubble, remove off of heat and set aside for 30 minutes so the popcorn infuses its flavor into the cream mixture.nStrain popcorn mixture through cheesecloth or a mesh strainer and squeeze the mushy popcorn flavor back into the cream mixture.nWhisk together the 1 cup sugar, vanilla bean, butter extract, and eggs in a bowl.nStill whisking, pour the cream mixture into the egg mixture and pour this back into the cleanedout pan. Cook until cream thickens on mediumlow heat You dont want to over cook the eggs because it will leave an egg flavor. Do not leave unattended.nWith a silicone spatula, scrape vanilla beans off of the pot and keep stirring all the flavors together. If vanilla beans clump up just break apart on the interior of the pot. When mixture thickens, remove from heat.nPut pot into a bowl of ice water. Let cool completely.nChurn in an icecream maker according to manufacturers instructions. Take bucket and put into freezer for at least 5 hours.nTo prepare the Fleur De Sel Caramel sauce, mix butter, brown sugar, halfnhalf, and salt in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cook while stirring or whisking gently for 10 minutes allowing for the brown sugar to dissolve and for the mixture to thicken. Add vanilla and cook until it thickens further. Turn off heat and pour sauce into whatever you plan to serve it in. Allow cooling until the sauce is just warm. Serve over ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups vitamin D milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups sugar, Prepared movie theatre flavored buttered popcorn, 1 vanilla bean scraped, 12 teaspoon butter extract, 2 beaten eggs, 8 tablespoons butter, 2 cups packed brown sugar, 1 cup half and half, Pinch fleur de sel salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Popcorn Blizzard Popcorn Ice Cream with Fleur de Sel Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49553: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms in an even layer and sprinkle with the lemon zest. Cook, undisturbed, until browned, about 2 minutes. Toss with 14 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper and continue to cook until the mushrooms are tender but not mushy, 4 to 5 minutes. Add additional salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a serving dish and sprinkle with the chives. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter or 12 tablespoon each unsalted butter and extravirgin olive oil, 20 ounces sliced white button mushrooms, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons minced or snipped fresh chives], title: LemonPepper Mushrooms, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 49554: {instructions: Preheat a panini press on high.nPlace the game hen breast side down on a cutting board. Using scissors or poultry shears, cut from the neck to the tailbone to remove the backbone. Once you remove the backbone you will be able to see the inside of the bird. Make a small slit in the cartilage at the base of the breastbone to reveal the keel bone. Grab the bird with both hands on the ribs and open up like a book, facing down towards the cutting board. Remove the keel bone. Cut small slits in the skin of the bird behind the legs and tuck the drumsticks into them in order to hold them in place. Season on both sides with salt and pepper.nSpray the bottom of the panini press with the nonstick cooking spray. Place the bird, skin side up onto the press, pray the skin side with nonstick cooking spray and close the lid. Top the press with a 10pound weight and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until the skin is golden brown.nAllow to rest 3 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 Cornish game hen, approximately 1 14 to 1 34pounds, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Cornish Game Hen: Spatchcock Hen, picturelink: null}, 49555: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 10by10by2inch baking dish and set it aside.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the garlic to the fat in the pan and cook until lightly golden brown, 1 minute. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the hot milk, raise the heat to high and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, 3 to about 5 minutes. Whisk in the eggs until incorporated and let cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the thyme, cayenne and all the different cheeses until completely melted. Season with salt and pepper. If the mixture appears too thick, add additional warm milk, 14 cup at a time.nPut the cooked macaroni in a large bowl, add the cheese sauce, reserved pancetta, and the parsley, and stir until combined. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.nCombine an additional 14 cup each asiago, cheddars, fontina and parmesan in a bowl and sprinkle evenly over the top. Bake until the dish is heated through and the top is a light golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving.n, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 1inchthick slice pancetta, cut into small dice, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 cups whole milk, or more if needed, hot, 4 large egg yolks, lightly whisked, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups 8 ounces grated asiago cheese, plus more for the top, 1 12 cups 6 ounces grated Irish white cheddar cheese, plus more for the top, 1 12 cups 6 ounces grated American cheddar cheese, plus more for the top, 1 cup 4 ounces grated aged fontina cheese, plus more for the top, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for the top, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound elbow macaroni, cooked just under al dente, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Macaroni and Cheese Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 49556: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and a pinch of salt and cook until soft and translucent, about 4 minutes.nStir in the peas and 12 teaspoon salt and cook until the peas are soft but still bright green, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the lemon juice and toss. Remove from heat and stir in the Parmesan and a generous pinch of black pepper. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 small shallots, sliced, One 14ounce bag frozen peas, thawed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus a pinch, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Parmesan Peas, picturelink: el1nyDooIWKNGx.gPgz1a6rWd8t546}, 49557: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. To roast carrots, place the carrots, olive oil, salt and pepper on a baking sheet, toss well and transfer to the oven. Roast, shaking occasionally until they are just beginning to brown, about 30 minutes. The carrots should be firm and not mushy. When they are cool enough to handle, cut the carrots in angled 1inch slices. Transfer to a serving bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and toss well. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate up to 4, ingredients: [2 12 pounds carrots, peeled and quartered lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cups crumbled Bulgarian feta cheese, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon zaatar, or more to taste, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley or cilantro leaves], title: Roasted Carrot and Feta Salad with ZaAtar, picturelink: null}, 49558: {instructions: In a serving bowl combine vegetables and ginger. Toss.nIn a saucepan combine soy sauce, vinegar and sugar. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar, and cook for about a minute. Remove from heat and let cool. Pour dressing over vegetables and toss. Refrigerate for at least an hour before serving, ingredients: [13 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 4 tablespoons sugar or more, depending on taste preference, 1 cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced, 8 ounces daikon, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 Japanese eggplant, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and julienned, 12 teaspoon grated ginger], title: Pickled Uncooked Vegetables Namasu, picturelink: null}, 49559: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Add the butter to a small saucepan and heat on mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and onions and sweat until light brown. Add the flour and stir until mixed. Add the white wine and mix with a whisk. Add the cream and lobster stock and bring to simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the brandy, hot sauce and salt and pepper to taste. Cool and set aside. Warm in a small saucepan as needed.nFor the seared scallops: Heat a nonstick pan over high heat. Add the oil. Then lightly salt the scallops and add to the pan. Cook the scallops about 1 12 minutes on each side.nWarm 4 ounces of lobster sauce and place on the plate. Land the scallops over the lobster sauce, drizzle with truffle oil and serve with rice or potatoes and your favorite vegetables., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 yellow onion, diced, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 bottle white wine, 8 cups heavy cream, 4 cups lobster stock, 3 ounces brandy, Hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetableolive oil blend, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 6 day boat scallops, 1020 count, Truffle oil, for drizzling], title: Seared Scallops with Lobster Brandy Sauce, picturelink: kWAJgGxVM3nUd5pUkdZZ9JL9zkiel0.}, 49560: {instructions: Cook pasta in boiling water until al dente. Steam 12 littleneck clams and set aside. In a saute pan over medium heat, add crushed garlic and then add the garlic butter and wine. When butter starts to bubble, add clams and mix around until clams are coated. Add lemon juice, and toss to coat. Place pasta in a serving bowl, and top with the clam mixture.nCut toasted bread into slices and brush with garlic butter. Garnish with Parmesan, parsley and crushed red pepper. Serve with a lemon wedge.nIn a small bowl, combine all ingredients, to taste., ingredients: [14 ounces dried linguine, 12 littleneck clams, steamed, 2 ounces crushed garlic, 6 ounces garlic butter plus extra for bread, recipe follows, 14 cup white wine, 2 lemon wedges, juiced, plus 1 wedge, for garnish, 12 ciabatta bread, toasted, 1ounce shredded Parmesan, Pinch minced fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Melted unsalted butter, Lemon juice, Minced fresh garlic, Garlic powder, Onion powder, Crushed red pepper, White wine, Parsley], title: Linguini with Clams and Garlic Butter Sauce, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 49561: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place a tortilla in the skillet and cook until light golden but not crisp, about 30 seconds. Flip and cook for another 30 seconds. Transfer to an individual plate. Cook the remaining tortillas, adding a bit more oil to the pan if necessary.nHeat the beans and the two chile sauces in individual small saucepans or microwaveable bowls.nAdd another tablespoon of oil to the skillet. Working in batches, crack the eggs into the skillet. Cook until the bottoms are set and the edges golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Turn the heat to mediumlow, cover, and cook until set, about 1 more minute.nSpoon the beans evenly over the four tortillas, then place an egg on each one. Spoon the warm chile sauces over and around the eggs.nSprinkle with the avocado, onion, and green bell pepper. Season with hot sauce, salt, and pepper to taste.n, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 4 6inch corn tortillas, plus more for serving, 1 16oz. can of pinto or black beans, 4 large eggs, 1 cup 505 Southwestern brand Hatch Valley Roasted Green Chile sauce, 1 cup 505 Southwestern brand Hatch Valley Red Chile sauce, 1 avocado, diced, 1 small tomato, diced, 1 small onion, diced, 12 green bell pepper, diced, Hot sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Huevos Rancheros, picturelink: OztWSpY40ShP0uCrQ8s.iLTxAcUcy}, 49562: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the Spicy Tartar Sauce: Mix all the sauce ingredients in a small bowl until well combined. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nIn a deep 12inch pan set over mediumhigh heat, add enough oil so it comes 13 of the way up the sides. Heat the oil to 375 degrees F.nIn a widemouth bowl, whisk the eggs with the hot sauce, seafood seasoning and a pinch of salt. In a small paper bag, mix together the cornmeal, flour, cornstarch, and salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the catfish in egg mixture, then in the flour mixture. Gently shake off excess flour. Set aside and repeat with remaining flounder. Fry the fish in batches until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes each side, being careful to keep the temperature at 375 degrees F. Remove catfish to a paper towel to drain and immediately season with salt.nSlice the sandwich rolls in half, slather the cut sides with butter and season with salt. Arrange, cut side up, on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly golden, about 8 minutes. An alternate is to put them, buttered side down, on a griddle or under a broiler, and toast until golden. Set aside.nTo assemble sandwiches, slather the rolls with the Spicy Tartar Sauce, top with lettuce and catfish, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise 1 lemon, juiced, 3 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons dill relish, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying, 2 eggs, 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Kosher salt, 1 cup cornmeal medium ground for more texture, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch Freshly ground black pepper, 4 catfish fillets, cut in 12, about 2 pounds, 4 sourdough sandwich rolls, 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 4 romaine or red lettuce leaves], title: Crunchy Catfish Sandwich, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 49563: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine everything except chicken and skewers in a large nonreactive bowl and whisk to combine. Add chicken strips and toss to coat. Cover and marinate at least 45 minutes and up to 4 hours.nWhen ready to cook, heat oven to 425 degrees F and arrange a rack in the middle. Remove chicken from marinade reserving marinade and thread 1 piece of chicken on each skewer.nHeat the reserved marinade to boiling and boil for 3 minutes. Cool a bit before using.nArrange skewers on a foillined baking sheet in a single layer. Bake for 10 minutes, flip skewers and baste with remaining marinade you dont need to use it all. Bake about 5 more minutes, until golden brown on both sides., ingredients: [13 cup molasses, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 5 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, chopped or 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 3 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast or thigh meat, cut lengthwise into 1inch wide strips, 36 to 40 6inch wooden skewers], title: Chili Molasses Chicken Skewers, picturelink: 4C4z32z8WNuVbTmcMovUYs3E6kQeOe}, 49564: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nCombine quahogs and wine in a large pot, bring to boil, cover and cook until clams are just open. Cool, drain, reserving broth. Remove clams from shells, saving 12 shell halves. Chop clams coarsely and set aside. Strain broth through coffee filter and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan and brown sausage. In a food processor, combine the clams, broth, and sausage with remaining ingredients and process until well blended. Taste to check seasonings. Divide mixture and scoop into the 12 shell halves. Bake for approximately 30 minutes. Yield: 12 servingsnHow to Shuck a Quahog: Place quahogs in a large pot over medium heat with water just covering them. As quahogs slowly open, remove them from the water. Allow to cool. Using a knife, slit the sides to fully open the clam. Scoop out the insides and reserve with juice in a separate bowl., ingredients: [12 quahogs, washed well, 14 cup white wine or water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound Italian sausage sweet or hot, removed from casing and crumbled, 4 cups coarsely chopped stale bread crusts removed, 12 cup minced onion, 12 cup minced fennel, 14 cup minced sweet red pepper, 14 cup minced green pepper, 14 cup minced celery, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Quahog Stuffies, picturelink: null}, 49565: {instructions: In a small bowl, stir together the oats and 14 cup hot water, and rest for 5 minutes.nIn the pitcher of a blender, add the oat mixture, the cherries, yogurt, 2 tablespoons cold water, the honey, almond extract and a pinch of salt. Blend on high speed until very smooth. Pour into a glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons 1minute oats, 1 12 cups frozen pitted sweet cherries, 13 cup 0percent Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons honey, 18 teaspoon almond extract, Kosher salt], title: Healthy Cherry Almond Oatmeal Smoothie, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 49566: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large stockpot over medium heat. Add the onions, carrots, fennel, and garlic and cook over mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, until tender. Add the ciabatta cubes and cook for 5 more minutes. Place the tomatoes in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process just until coarsely chopped. Add the tomatoes to the pot along with the chicken stock, red wine, basil, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons pepper. Bring the soup to a boil, lower the heat, and allow to simmer, partially covered, for 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the topping, place the ciabatta cubes, pancetta, and basil on a sheet pan large enough to hold them in a single layer. Drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and toss well. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 to 25 minutes, until all the ingredients are crisp. The basil leaves will turn dark and crisp, which is perfectly fine. Reheat the soup, if necessary, beat with a wire whisk until the bread is broken up. Stir in the Parmesan and taste for seasoning. Serve hot sprinkled with the topping and drizzled with additional olive oil., ingredients: [12 cup good olive oil, 2 cups chopped yellow onion 2 onions, 1 cup mediumdiced carrots, unpeeled 3 carrots, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, cored, and mediumdiced 1 12 cups, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 3 cups 1inch diced ciabatta cubes, crusts removed, 2 28ounce cans good Italian plum tomatoes, 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 cups 1inch diced ciabatta cubes, 2 ounces thickly sliced pancetta, chopped, 24 to 30 whole fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, plus more for serving, Salt and pepper], title: Pappa Al Pomodoro, picturelink: iOZDfsVuJPN4eeRUs4QHboa.UbmSS}, 49567: {instructions: Rinse fish and pat dry set aside. In a shallow dish, stir together the flour, salt, and pepper to taste. Dip each fillet in the flour mixture to coat.nIn a skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Cook the fish in the hot oil for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until golden.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, and dill. Set aside.nSpread the dill mayonnaise evenly on the rolls. Place a fish fillet on each roll and top with tomato and onion slices, ingredients: [2 8ounce halibut fillets, skin removed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 2 kaiser or other large sandwich rolls, halved and toasted, 1 tomato, sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced], title: Fried Halibut Sandwich, picturelink: tvxtEzE0wR8KnRSFsnXgaA5UI9XCWeS}, 49568: {instructions: For the crust: In a medium mixing bowl mix crushed pretzels with butter and press into 9inch pie pan.nFor the filling: In a small saucepan combine 12 of the limeade and gelatin, heat until dissolved and cool completely. Combine remaining limeade, condensed milk, gelatin mixture and zest in a large bowl. In a separate mixing bowl, whip cream until soft peaks form. Fold whipped cream into milk mixture and mound into crust. Chill 2 hours and garnish with candy lime slices., ingredients: [3 cups pretzels, crushed, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 1 container limeade frozen concentrated, thawed, 1 packet gelatin, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 12 teaspoon lime zest, 2 cups whipping cream, 12 cup candy lime slices, optional], title: Margarita Pie, picturelink: null}, 49569: {instructions: Insert cloves into center of orange slices. Combine all ingredients in a large pot and bring to a simmer. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup rum, 4 cup apple cider, 1 cup cranberry juice, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cinnamon stick, 4 orange slices, 4 cloves], title: Hot Cider Rum Punch, picturelink: null}, 49570: {instructions: Pour the syrup into a champagne glass. Add the sparkling wine. Serve.nPlace the water, sugar, and lavender in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Strain and cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to a week., ingredients: [1 12 ounces lavender syrup, recipe follows, 4 ounces dry sparkling wine, such as a cava or Prosecco, 2 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dried lavender buds], title: Lavender Sparkling Wine, picturelink: null}, 49571: {instructions: Peel the onions, cut in half and slice into 1inch pieces. Add the onions and the vegetable oil to a large saucepan, over mediumlow heat, and saute until soft. Stir in the black pepper, crushed red pepper flakes, garlic and brown sugar until incorporated. Add half of the root beer and let reduce until starting to get thick. Stir in the remaining root beer and continue to reduce until the liquid is almost completely evaporated.nServe on top of good quality, natural casing hot dogs with a good brown mustard and a little mayonnaise, to taste., ingredients: [2 medium yellow onions or sweet onions, when available, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cloves fresh garlic, crushed, 1 cup light brown sugar, 48 ounces root beer, Hot dogs, cooked, for serving, Brown mustard, for serving, Mayonnaise, for serving], title: Sweet and Spicy Onion Relish, picturelink: ck5kIqEqcNS2Ce9hQ4Y2Rss4Z.V6ukq}, 49572: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring the water to a boil over high heat. Remove the pan from the heat and add the tea bags. Stir and allow the mixture to cool to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Remove the tea bags and discard. Add the Ginger Simple Syrup, lemon juice, and sparkling water.nPut the ice in a large pitcher. Pour the lemonade mixture over the ice. Garnish with lemon slices and serve.nIn a small saucepan, over medium heat, combine the sugar, water and ginger. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [2 cups water, 3 black tea bags, preferably English breakfast tea, 1 13 cups Ginger Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 23 cup fresh lemon juice, from about 3 lemons, 1 cup sparkling water or club soda, chilled, 2 cups ice, Lemon slices, for garnish, optional, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup water, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped], title: GingerTea Lemonade, picturelink: null}, 49573: {instructions: For the pastry:nCombine the flour and the salt on your work table. Add the butter and work it into the flour until the consistency is coarse. Stir and work in the egg and the water until the dough becomes a ball. Coat the work surface with a little flour and let the dough rest for at least 5 minutes.nFor the quiche:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch pie dish. Spread the pastry out to cover the bottom and sides with your fingers use flour to help, push dough from middle to sides of dish. Let the pastry stand a bit higher than the dish edge. Bake the pastry for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven before the pastry shrinks, adjust sides if needed. Place the ham and cheese in the pan. In the meantime, beat the eggs and halfandhalf with a fork in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Pour the egg mixture into the pan and bake for 30 minutes, until the center is firm. Serve warm with a salad, if desirednThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 1 egg, 2 to 3 ounces water, Dash salt, Butter, 1ounce diced ham, 2 ounces Swiss cheese, 3 eggs, 2 cups halfandhalf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Quiche Lorraine, picturelink: null}, 49574: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Lightly sprinkle a heavy nonstick baking sheet with cornmeal. Set aside.nIn the bowl of the food processor, add the artichoke hearts, Pecorino Romano, ricotta, fontina, sundried tomatoes, lemon juice, salt, pepper and lemon zest. Pulse until combined and chunky.nUsing a knife, cut the pizza dough into quarters. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into four 6inch circles, each about 14inch thick. Using a pastry brush, brush the dough with the egg white. Place a quarter of the filling on one side of each circle of dough. Fold the dough over the filling, forming a half circle. Pinch the edges of dough firmly together and crimp to seal. Place the prepared individual calzone on the prepared baking sheet.nDrizzle the calzones with extravirgin olive oil. Sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Using a sharp knife, cut a slit on the top of each calzone. Bake until golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 30 to 35 minutes. Serve alongside warmed tomatobasil sauce., ingredients: [Yellow cornmeal, 4 ounces frozen artichoke hearts, thawed, 12 cup finely shredded Pecorino Romano, 12 cup whole milk ricotta, 13 cup shredded fontina, 14 cup sundried tomatoes, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more for sprinkling, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more forsprinkling, Zest of 1 lemon, Allpurpose flour, One 1pound ball purchased pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 large egg white, beaten, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Serving suggestion: warmed tomatobasil sauce], title: Three Cheese and Artichoke Calzones, picturelink: 5oo3pi7vBVmptgJVgveDKlb1zRmGce}, 49575: {instructions: In a saucepot over medium heat mix the frozen strawberries with the water. Cook until the strawberries have defrosted and the berries have slumped. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Taste the strawberries and add the sugar if desired. Divide between dessert bowls, top with whipped cream., ingredients: [1 container frozen strawberries in juices, 14 cup water, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 canister sweetened whipped cream], title: Warm Strawberries and Cream, picturelink: null}, 49576: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook lima beans in salted water until almost tender, and reserved 12 cup of the cooking liquid. Pour the lima beans into a large flat baking dish with the reserved liquid. Stir in the salt, pepper, sugar, mustard, parsley, savory, thyme, and chopped onion. Mix well.nHeat the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chops and cook, turning once, until well browned. Place the chops on top of the beans.nMix bread crumbs with sour cream. Spread over chops. Cover dish and bake for 8 minutes. Uncover the chops and continue baking, until lightly browned, about 8 minutes more.nArrange the chops on a bed of the lima beans on a large platter and sprinkle with parsley. Serve, ingredients: [2 cups fresh green lima beans, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh summer savory, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 1inch thick pork chops, 2 cups fine bread crumbs, toasted, 1 cup sour cream], title: Lima Beans and Pork Chops, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 49577: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the quinoa, stir once, and return to a boil. Cook uncovered, over medium heat for 12 minutes. Strain and rinse well with cold water, shaking the sieve well to remove all moisture.nWhen dry, transfer the quinoa to a large bowl. Add the cucumbers, onion, tomato, parsley, mint, olive oil, vinegar, lemon juice, salt, and pepper and toss well. Spoon onto endive spears, top with avocado, and serve., ingredients: [12 cups water, 1 12 cups quinoa, rinsed, 5 pickling cucumbers, peeled, ends trimmed, and cut into 14inch cubes, 1 small red onion, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 large tomato, cored, seeded, and diced, 1 bunch Italian parsley leaves, chopped, 2 bunches mint leaves, chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 heads endive, trimmed and separated into individual spears, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded and diced, for garnish], title: Quinoa Salad, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 49578: {instructions: For the sauce: In a medium bowl, combine all of the sauce ingredients, whisk until thoroughly combined and set aside.nFor the chicken: Cook the whole wheat linguine al dente according to box directions. Drain and rinse under cold water and spray lightly with olive oil cooking spray so it does not stick and set aside.nCoat a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray and add onions. Cook until translucent and beginning to brown, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add the chicken, season with salt and pepper and stir in curry powder. Saute chicken until lightly brown. Add the peanut butter and allow it to melt to coat the chicken.nAdd the roasted red peppers, water chestnuts and scallions and season with salt and pepper as you like. Saute for a few minutes just to release flavor.nPour the coconut curry sauce over the chicken and vegetables and stir gently. Cook just until warmed through and thickened a bit, about 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, as needed. Garnish with chopped mint and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges, if desired.nSUZYS SERVING OPTIONS: Serves four or more u2013 can be doubled easilynFamily Style u2013 Put linguine in a large deep platter or decorative bowl and pour mixture over the top. Toss gently with tongs. Garnish with fresh lime juice, and chopped scallions or herbs.nLow Carb Diets u2013 On a large dinner plate place Boston lettuce leaves in a fan covering the entire plate. Place 14 of the chicken mixture on top and drizzle with fresh lime juice and garnish with scallions. The sauce will form a natural salad dressing for the lettuce.nIndividual Plates: Each serving is 2 oz. dry pasta and 14 of the chicken mixture. Garnish it with fresh lime juice, a lime wedge and scallions or herbs. Serve it on a small exotic plate for added presentation.nNOTE: You may substitute shrimp or tofu for the chicken and it is equally delicious, ingredients: [113.5ounce can light coconut milk, 1 tablespoon Thai curry paste, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Dash cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces highfiber whole wheat linguine, recommended: DeCecco, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 vidalia onion, chopped, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, fat removed, cut into small pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 2 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 cup thinly sliced roasted red peppers, 1 cup thinly sliced water chestnuts, 1 cup scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, Chopped fresh mint and cilantro leaves, for garnish, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Coconut Curry Thai Chicken, picturelink: null}, 49579: {instructions: Heat 1inch vegetable oil of moderate to medium high heat. If you wish to test the oil, add a 1inch cube of bread to hot oil. If it turns deep golden brown in color in a count of 40, the oil is ready.nTrim ends of onion and peel. Cut into 34inch slices and separate rings.nMix together pancake mix and beer, season with paprika, chili powder and cayenne pepper or hot sauce. Batter should be thick. If it gets too thick, add a splash more beer. Working in small batches of 5 to 6 slices, coat rings of onion in batter and fry 4 to 5 minutes, until evenly golden brown. Turn onions over so that both sides get puffed and cooked. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Season onuts with salt while hot. Repeat with remaining ingredients. When all the onions are dipped and fried, turn off oil to cool before discarding., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 extra large sweet onion, 2 cups complete pancake mix, any brand, 1 cup beer, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 13 palm full, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, eyeball it, or 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Salt], title: Spicy Onuts, picturelink: WjVo9YEQPRnFz34zC3VX93R6cLoKC}, 49580: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Meanwhile, peel and cube the potato.nOnce boiling, add potato and cauliflower to the pot of water. Allow water to return to a boil, and then reduce heat to medium. Simmer until very tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove from heat and drain. Transfer contents to a large bowl. Add halfandhalf, butter, 14 teaspoon salt, and crushed garlic, if using. Mash it all together with a potato masher, until completely blended.nSeason with salt and pepper. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 large potato about 13 ounces, 3 cups cauliflower florets, 3 tablespoons fatfree halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon light whipped butter or light buttery spread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed garlic, optional], title: Miracle Mashies, picturelink: hRcBnK7Vs3CuospBaDO3U.IlTM2gKfW}, 49581: {instructions: In a heavy bottomed 6 quart soup pot, heat lard and speck until smoking over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft but not brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add potatoes, horseradish, chicken stock, cream and wine and bring to a boil. Boil 15 minutes and lower heat to medium. Cook just below the boil for 1 hour, until potatoes have fallen apart. Season with salt and pepper and garnish with scallions, fresh horseradish and poppy seeds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lard, 4 ounces speck, cut into 14 inch dice, 2 medium Spanish onions, finely chopped, 3 medium potatoes, peeled and cut into 14 inch cubes, 12 cup freshly grated horseradish have horseradish whole to show plus 14 cup, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Zuppa di Raffano, picturelink: null}, 49582: {instructions: Preheat a fryer or large stock pot of oil to 450 degrees. In a bowl, mix flour with togarashi and whisk in soda water until a pancake batter thickness is achieved. In another bowl, whisk together the miso, sugar and sake. Whisk in the oil. Lay one sheet of nori, shiny side down. Lay lobster on the bottom 12 of the nori closest to you. Brush on a little of the miso mix. Mix the remaining miso mix with the enokis and sprouts. Check for seasoning. Lay a small layer of salad on the lobster. Using wet hands, lightly pat on a small column of rice in the middle of the salad. Roll nori and lobster around the rice. Moisten the edge with water to seal. Let rest 30 seconds before frying. Repeat process. Dip the rolls in the tempura batter and fry until golden brown, only 2 minutes. The lobster will be barely cooked. Drain on paper towels and season very lightly with salt. PLATING Place a small mound of salad on a serving plate. Slice roll both straight and on the bias and surround the salad. Serve immediately.nWash rice at least 3 times or until water is clear. Fill rice cooker or casserole with water to about 1inch over rice. I highly recommend a rice cooker  more than 2 billion people use them in Asia for a reason. Slowly heat vinegar, mirin and sugar until very hot but not boiling. Fold in su vinegar and sugar with the hot rice, add enough so that the rice has a tartsweet taste. Rice should be shiny, not mushy. Carefully clean bowl with damp cloth, cover and let rest for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups rice flour, 12 tablespoon togarashi or chile powder, 1 quart cold club soda water, 12 tablespoon shiromiso light, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons sake, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 sheets yakinori, 4 raw lobster tails, sliced very thinly on the bias, 1 package enoki mushrooms, 1 package daikon sprouts, Salt and white pepper, to taste, Sushi Rice, recipe follows, 4 cups sushi rice Calroseshort grain, Water, up to Mount Fuji, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup mirin, 12 cup sugar], title: Tempura Lobster and EnokiMiso Salad Roll, picturelink: null}, 49583: {instructions: Make tuna salad: Whisk together mayonnaise and lemon juice in a large bowl. Add remaining salad ingredients and stir together gently. Season with salt and pepper.nAssemble sandwiches: Cut baguette into 4 equal lengths and halve each piece horizontally. Brush cut sides with oil and season with salt and pepper. Make sandwiches with baguette, lettuce, and tuna salad., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 6ounce cans light tuna packed in olive oil, drained, 12 cup chopped drained bottled roasted red peppers, 10 Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, pitted and cut lengthwise into strips, 1 large celery rib, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 20 to 24inch baguette, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Green leaf lettuce], title: Tuna and Olive Salad Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 49584: {instructions: For the buttermilk ranch dipping sauce: In a bowl, combine the buttermilk, mayonnaise, chives, dill, celery salt, garlic powder and onion powder. Mix well. Cover and chill for 1 hour.nFor the zucchini fries: Add the flour to a shallow baking dish. In a second baking dish, lightly beat the eggs with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. In a third baking dish, combine the panko, Parmesan, garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper gently crush all the ingredients together with your handsthis will ensure an even coating on the zucchini.nLightly coat the zucchini sticks in the flour and then dip into egg mixture, coating evenly. Gently shake to remove excess egg and then generously coat the zucchini in the panko mixture. Transfer the breaded zucchini to a baking sheet.nFill a highsided skillet with about 1 inch of oilmake sure the oil does not rise more than halfway up the side of the skillet. Heat over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches to avoid overcrowding, add the zucchini sticks to the pan. Cook until light golden brown, turning once, 2 to 3 minutes. Immediately remove the zucchini to a cooling rack set over a baking sheet. Keep warm in a 175degree oven until ready to serve.nServe the zucchini fries with the dipping sauce on side., ingredients: [12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 12 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 cup flour, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup panko, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 14 teaspoons garlic powder, 3 medium about 7inch long zucchini, cut into 12by3inch sticks, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Crispy Zucchini Fries with Buttermilk Ranch Dipping Sauce, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 49585: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the ravioli and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup of the cooking water, then drain the ravioli.nCombine the butter, cream and peas in a large skillet and bring to a simmer over medium heat cook 1 minute. Add the ravioli, cheese, nutmeg and a splash of the reserved cooking water to the skillet and toss. Add more cooking water to thin the sauce, if needed. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among bowls and top with the parsley.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 9ounce packages mushroom ravioli, Freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Ravioli Alfredo With Peas, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 49586: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over medium heat.nGrill the corn on the hot grill pan, turning periodically, until cooked and grill marks are all around the corn. Set aside to cool.nIn a large bowl, toss the cabbage with the lime juice season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nOnce the corn has cooled, cut the kernels off the cob and add it to the bowl with the cabbage. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if necessary. Add the crumbled queso fresco and cilantro leaves and stir to combine. Serve as a side dish or use as a taco topping., ingredients: [4 fresh corn on the cob, shucked, 12 red cabbage, sliced, 1 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup crumbled queso fresco, Handful fresh cilantro leaves, roughly chopped], title: Grilled Corn Slaw, picturelink: null}, 49587: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the pears, cutside up, in a shallow 2quart baking dish. Sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon, and add a small pat of coconut oil to each pear half. Pour the wine into the bottom of the baking dish, being careful not to disturb the pears. Sprinkle the currants over the pears  its OK if some fall into the wine. Place in the oven and cook until fork tender, about 50 minutes.nTo serve, set pears on a plate and dollop with mascarpone. Drizzle with some of the juices and currants from the baking pan., ingredients: [6 firm green Anjou pears, peeled, halved and cored, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons coconut oil, cut into 12 small pieces, 34 cup white wine, 14 to 12 cup dried currants, 6 ounces mascarpone, for serving], title: Baked Pears with Currants and Cinnamon, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 49588: {instructions: Place the shoulder on the grill, fat side down, directly over the coals. Let it brown for about 1 hour. Salt the lean side of shoulder, turn it, and salt the fat side. Cook the meat for 6 to 7 more hours, turning it every 15 to 20 minutes. If the coals flame, use plain water to dampen them.nYou can also cook the butt in the oven at 250 degrees for 6 hours.nMix all ingredients together and generously sprinkle on brisket prior to cooking.nMix all ingredients. Let sit,covered, overnight. Serve with barbecued pork shoulder., ingredients: [1 7 to 8 pound Boston Butt, untrimmed, Basic Barbecue Dry Rub, recipe follows, North Carolina Vinegar Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, Salt, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup salt, 4 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoons cayenne powder, 1 cup vinegar, 4 tablespoons ketchup, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon celery seed], title: J.C. Hardaways Pork Shoulder, picturelink: null}, 49589: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Soak prunes in wine, if you wish, for as long as possible. Drain prunes, reserving wine. With a long sharp knife, make a slit in the center of the loin and stuff it with prunes reserve prunes that wont fit into pork.nIn a large casserole heat butter. When foaming subsides add the onion or leek, celery and carrot. Cover and cook for 5 to 8 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Remove them with a slotted spoon and reserve for later. Add vegetable oil to the casserole and heat. When hot, add the loin and brown on all sides, including the ends. When pork is browned, remove it to a plate. Discard all fat from the casserole, but leave behind any drippings. Return cooked vegetables to the bottom of the casserole. Add the meat on top and add any prunes which didnt fit into the loin.nCover loin with reserved white wine you soaked the prunes in, broth, bay leaf and garlic. Put a lid on casserole and set in oven. Cook for 1 and 12 to 2 hours or until pork juices run a clear yellow difference in time depends on how thick the loin is internal temp is 165 degrees. Remove casserole from oven and remove the pork and let rest while you make the sauce. Strain the juices into a degreasing cup or heatresistant cup. Discard aromatic vegetables and prunes. The fat will rise above the juices discard it. Return juices to casserole and boil down until thickened. Finish with a tablespoon of butter or not as you wish. Slice pork into thin slices, serve with saffron rice, sugar snap peas and spoon sauce over the top., ingredients: [About 12 ounces pitted prunes, 2 cups white wine, optional, 4 pounds, net, boned pork loin, centercut, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion or leek, 1 stalk celery and 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup broth, Whole bay leaf, 4 whole peeled garlic cloves, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons of butter, optional], title: Pork Loin Stuffed with Prunes, picturelink: null}, 49590: {instructions: Part boil edamame and drain. In a bowl, whisk together olive oil, lemon zest, lemon juice and salt and pepper.nAdd edamame to bowl and mix. To serve, add shaved pecorino cheese and roughly chopped mint., ingredients: [2 cups of Edamame, 2 Tbsp of olive oil, Lemon zest whole lemon, Lemon juice half lemon, Salt, Pepper, Pecorino cheese, Mint], title: Edamame Salad, picturelink: null}, 49591: {instructions: On the bottom of the roll, spread a thin layer of mayonnaise.nThen layer on cheese, turkey, avocado, onion, tomato, sprouts, and crown with the top slice of bread., ingredients: [4 slices Boars Head Ovengold, Turkey Breast, Thinly Sliced, 2 slices Boars Head Gold Label Imported Swiss Cheese, 4 slices Avocado, 4 slices Red Onion, 14 cup Sprouts, 3 slices Tomato, 1 tbsp. Boars Head Mayonnaise, 1 Ciabatta Roll, Halved Lengthwise], title: Full House Ovengoldand174 Ciabatta, picturelink: null}, 49592: {instructions: Set out 3 shallow containers on counter and fill 1 with the flour, 1 with eggs and 1 with Cheerios. Dip each chicken leg to coat in first the flour, shaking off the excess, then the egg, and last the Cheerios. Heat canola oil in pan and place the coated chicken legs side by side in a pan turning to brown evenly. Cook 20 to 25 minutes until legs are cooked through., ingredients: [1 cup seasoned flour, 2 eggs, 3 cups Cheerios processed to powder, 6 chicken legs, 14 cup canola oil], title: Chicken Legs, picturelink: null}, 49593: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray bottom and sides of 12cup fluted tube pan or 10inch tube pan with flour nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE water, oil and eggs in large bowl. Beat well. Add quick bread mix, pecans, raisins, cherries and pineapple. Stir with spoon until combined. Pour into prepared pan.nBAKE 1 hour 25 minutes to 1 hour 35 minutes or until golden brown and toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 30 minutes. Remove from pan. Cool 1 hour longer or until completely cooled.nWRAP tightly in plastic wrap or foil. Refrigerate at least 8 hours. Store in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks or in freezer for up to 3 months.nJust before serving: HEAT jelly or syrup in microwave 10 seconds or until melted and smooth. Brush over fruitcake. Garnish with additional cherries and pecans, if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Flour NoStick Spray, 2 cups water, 14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 2 large eggs, 2 16.6 oz. pkgs. Pillsburyu00ae Date Quick Bread, 2 cups pecan halves, 2 cups raisins, 2 cups candied cherries, halved, 1 cup cutup candied pineapple, 14 cup Smuckersu00ae Apple Jelly or Smuckersu00ae Red Raspberry Fruit Syrup, Additional cherries and pecans for garnish if desired], title: Festive Fruitcake, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 49594: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over moderate heat and cook until it foams. Add the garlic and thyme, and immediately add the bread cubes. Toss to coat well. Add most of the grated cheese and stir. Transfer bread to a baking sheet and sprinkle with the remaining cheese and salt and pepper and gently toss again while still warm to melt the cheese. Bake stirring once or twice, until the croutons are crisp and lightly colored on the outside but still soft within, about 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nSoak the sliced onion in the sherry vinegar and a pinch of salt for about 15 minutes. Set aside.nToss the squash with 1 12 tablespoons of the olive oil, sage, salt, and pepper. Arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake until the squash is tender and lightly caramelized, about 15 to minutes. Let cool.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the quartered Brussels sprouts and cook until tender but retain a touch of crispness, about 1 12 minutes, and drain.nInto the reserved red onions and vinegar, whisk in remaining 12 cup olive oil. Season with pepper.nIn a large bowl combine the roasted squash, croutons, and Brussels sprouts. Add the vinaigrette and toss. Add the parsley leaves and toss again. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Garnish with grated Parmesan and serve immediately.nChef note: Soaking the onion briefly in sherry vinegarsometimes called blooming the onionmellows the raw onion taste., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 6 cups dayold bread, crust removed, cubed, 6 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small red onion, sliced thinly lengthwise, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Gray salt, 4 cups peeled, seeded, and diced butternut squash 12inch dice, 12 cup plus 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound Brussels sprouts, ends trimmed, then quartered, 12 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Winter Panzanella, picturelink: c9EWMUsPx9oMzzkJCmjo5og0CdKkLO}, 49595: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nStir the corn flakes, garlic powder, black pepper and red pepper in a shallow medium bowl.nDip the chicken into the stock. Coat with the corn flake mixture. Place the chicken onto a baking sheet.nBake for 20 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through., ingredients: [34 cup finely crushed corn flakes, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 cup Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground red pepper, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast half about 1 pound], title: Crunchy No Fry Chicken, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 49596: {instructions: Using a small knife, make a pocket in the rounded side of each chop. Spread some of the mustard into each pocket. Season the chops with salt and pepper, inside and out.nWrap each slice of fontina with 2 slices the bacon, forming a package. Tuck 1 cheese package into each pocket. Using toothpicks, pin the pockets shut.nPut the panko in a large bowl. Place the flour and eggs in separate flat bottomed bowls or lipped plates. Working with 1 pork chop at a time, dredge it in the flour, dip in the egg, and press all over into the panko. Transfer the chops to a parchment paperlined plate. Repeat with the remaining chops. The pork chops can be prepared up to this point and refrigerated up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the breaded chops and cook, turning once, until golden brown. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes.nDivide the chops among plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 2inch thick rib pork chops, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 12 by 3inch slices fontina, 8 thin slices Canadian bacon, 2 cups panko bread crumbs Japanesestyle, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, beaten, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Pork Chops Cordon Bleu, picturelink: null}, 49597: {instructions: Heat a flat griddle to mediumhigh.nPut the bun on the griddle to toast it. Then place the hamburger patty on the griddle and sprinkle with seasoning salt. When the bun is toasted, remove it from the griddle and set it in your prep area. Put the ketchup on the bottom part of the bun, then the pickles. Make sure to spread them out so that every flavor is in every bite.nPlace the pastrami on the griddle and sear away. Flip the hamburger patty, sprinkle with seasoning salt and cook to desired doneness. Place the Swiss cheese on top and melt. Add the pastrami on top of the cheese. Top the pastrami with the grilled onions.nNow all you have left is the top part of the bun and the brown mustard. Squirt or spread the brown mustard on the bun top and place it on the grilled onions. Transfer the hamburger patty and toppings to the bottom part of the bun. Enjoy., ingredients: [One 4inch seeded hamburger bun, such as a Kings Hawaiian sandwich bun if you want to spoil yourself, One 6ounce ground chuck 8020 hamburger patty, Seasoning salt, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 6 to 8 crinklecut kosher dill pickle chips, such as Country Fair, 3 ounces thinly sliced pastrami, such as Kruse Navel, 1 slice Swiss cheese, 2 ounces grilled yellow onions, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard], title: Guido Burger, picturelink: Hz2CqErWeXgLnhyL96ZvtniMmgPhfp.}, 49598: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCaramel sauce:nIn a heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the sugar with 14 cup of water.nBring to a simmer and cook until the mixture turns a deep golden brown. Remove from the heat and carefully whisk in the heavy cream, vanilla extract and salt. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nTartufo:nCombine the cookie crumbs and chocolate chunks in a large resealable bag.nUsing a large round ice cream scoop, scoop out a ball of ice cream and leave it in the scoop. Poke a hole in the center of the scoop with a handle of a wooden spoon and put a cherry into the hole. Cover the hole with a bit of ice cream and put the scoop of ice cream into the bag of cookies and chocolate pieces. Shake around pressing gently to completely coat the ice cream. Put the scoop on a tray and freeze for 30 minutes. Repeat the process with remaining ingredients.nBefore serving, divide the caramel sauce among 4 plates. Remove the Tartufos from the freezer and slice them in half. Arrange 2 halves on each plate and garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup crushed chocolate cookies, 12 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 4 brandied or maraschino cherries, 4 sprigs mint], title: Tartufo, picturelink: vnUsJ5NzPATwBN5LKtN0569TuWjCu}, 49599: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Once hot, add the olive oil and saute the garlic, onions and peppers until soft and lightly browned, about 8 minutes. Add the chili powder, and some salt and pepper and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the diced tomatoes with their juices and 12 cup water and simmer on low for 10 minutes. Season the mixture with a big pinch of salt and healthy grind of black pepper. Let cool.nAdd the cooled tomato mixture and the lime juice into a food processor or blender and pulse a few times, keeping some of the texture. Remove and reserve 12 cup of the salsa for serving. Add the remaining salsa to a 13by9inch casserole dish. Add the skirt steak and flip to make sure its well coated. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least 1 hour, or up to 8.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Take the steak out of the refrigerator and bring to room temperature while the grill is heating.nOnce the grill is hot and ready, remove the steak from the salsa marinade and shake off any excess. Grill for 4 minutes on each side for medium. Rest for 10 minutes. Wrap the corn tortillas in aluminum foil and heat on the grill until warm and soft.nTo serve, slice the steak into 4inch sections, and then slice into 14inchthick slices across the grain. Serve the sliced steak in the warm corn tortillas, topped with the reserved salsa and Guacamole.nFor kids taco toppings: Cut the steak into smaller bitesize pieces. In place of the salsa, top the tacos with chopped Roma tomatoes or purchase a mild store bought red salsa. Top kids tacos with shredded Cheddar, sour cream and shredded iceberg lettuce.nPit and peel the avocados. Place the avocados in a bowl and mash with the lime juice, onions, sour cream and a big pinch of salt and pepper. Fold in the tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled, 1 onion, chopped, 1 poblano pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 teaspoons ancho chile powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 15ounce can fire roasted diced tomatoes, Juice of 1 lime, 1 34 pounds skirt steak, trimmed of excess fat, cut in half, 8 corn tortillas, Guacamole, recipe follows, Chopped Roma tomatoes or mild storebought tomato salsa, Shredded Cheddar, Sour cream, Shredded iceberg lettuce, 4 ripe avocadoes, Juice of 3 limes, 14 cup chopped white onion, 14 cup sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped], title: Grilled Skirt Steak Tacos with Roja Salsa, picturelink: M8E14uUTnPnbi2lvOTmZ.xxkpteng2q}, 49600: {instructions: Slice sausage and cook in microwave or on stove top according to package directions. Drain off fat and set aside. Saute onion in oil. Add ketchup and molasses and stir until well blended. Stir in beans and sausage. Warm on low heat until ready, ingredients: [8 ounces turkey kielbasa, 12 small onion, 1 teaspoon oil, 34 cups ketchup, 3 tablespoons molasses, 2 15ounce Cans Great Northern Beans, drained], title: Cowboy Beans, picturelink: null}, 49601: {instructions: Arrange the tomato slices and burratta, seasoning each slice of tomato with salt and pepper, and ending with a tomato slice. Top with prosciutto. Drizzle on the balsamic vinegar and the oil just before serving and sprinkle with basil. Garnish with storebought breadsticks or make your own.nBalsamic Reduction: If you dont have aged balsamic vinegar, you can reduce ordinary balsamic and give it a similar sweet flavor of aged balsamic. 1 cup balsamic vinegar Bring the vinegar to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Turn the heat to low and reduce to 13 to 12 cup. Remove from the heat. The vinegar will thicken as it cools. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator. Yield: 13 to 12 cup, ingredients: [1 medium or large tomato, cut crosswise into 14inch thick slices, 2 ounces fresh burratta, cut crosswise into 12inch slices, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 thin slice prosciutto, 12 teaspoon aged balsamic vinegar, or Balsamic Reduction, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 leaves fresh basil, slivered, Storebought breadsticks, for serving], title: Tomatoes and Burratta with Aged Balsamic Vinegar and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 49602: {instructions: Heat the oil and butter in a large skillet, set over moderate heat until hot. Add the onion, carrot, garlic, salt, and pepper and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the wine and reduce 1 minute. Add the broth, thyme, and rosemary, and simmer, covered, 10 minutes.nMeanwhile combine cornstarcharrowroot with the liquid. Add to simmering mixture and stir until thickened. Off the heat, fold in the meatchicken, peas, corn, and parsley. Correct seasoning, adding more salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool. Filling can be made one day ahead, covered and chilled. Divide the mixture between 5 1 12cup individual baking dishes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface roll out the puff pastry 14inch thick and cut it into 6inch rounds. Lightly brush the tops of the rounds with some of the egg wash, being careful to not brush the edges or the pastry will not puff. Invert the rounds onto the baking dishes, pressing edges onto rims to secure. Brush tops of pastry with additional egg wash. Cut 3 small steam vents in the tops of the pastries.nArrange baking dishes on a baking sheet and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until pastry is puffed and golden and filling is bubbling.nServe with mixed baby greens salad with red and yellow pear tomatoes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup minced onion, 1 large carrot, sliced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, cultivated or wild, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups chicken or beef stock, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 4 tablespoons liquid, such as dry Sherry, Sercial Madeira, or water, 3 cups diced cooked chicken or meat, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed and drained, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed and drained, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 pound frozen puff pastry, thawed, Egg wash 1 large egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water and a pinch of salt, can substitute 12 cup cream and 2 cups stock, if desired], title: Basic Potpie Recipe, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 49603: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nAdd the onions to a large bowl, cover with hot water and allow to sit for about 5 minutes. This is to help make peeling the onions much easier. Strain onions and peel.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the 14 cup oil, vinegar, honey, thyme, salt and pepper until combined. Put the onions in a large bowl, pour the dressing over them and toss well to coat.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add about 2 tablespoons olive oil and heat. Once hot, add the onions. Next place the saute pan into the preheated oven and roast for 18 to 20 minutes until the onions are soft and slightly caramelized., ingredients: [15 cipollini onions, Extravirgin olive oil, About 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 13 cup honey, 12 bunch thyme, leaves removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Honey Roasted Cipollini Onions, picturelink: null}, 49604: {instructions: Place oats, milk, cinnamon, and raisins in a bowl, stir to combine. Cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Just before serving, stir in apples and yogurt.nTip: Lactose intolerant Substitute 14 cup apple juice for the skim milk.nTip: Wild about Bananas Blend 12 ripe banana and 14 teaspoon vanilla extract until smooth. Add to muesli in place of cinnamon, raisins, and apple. Or, top muesli with your favorite fruit: peaches, plums, apricots, pears, or berries of any kind. Toasted nuts are a great addition too., ingredients: [12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 cup skim milk, Dash ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon raisins, 12 apple, peeled, cored and diced or grated, 1 tablespoon plain, lowfat yogurt], title: Meusli, picturelink: null}, 49605: {instructions: STOVE TOP METHODnSEASON pork with salt. Heat oil in large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown pork on all sides. Add ham, salsa, tomatoes, preserves, corn and beans. Reduce heat. Simmer, covered, for 20 to 25 minutes or until pork is tender.nSTIR in cooked rice. Simmer 5 minutes or until heated through. Stir in green onions. Garnish with cilantro.nSLOW COOKER METHODnCOAT slow cooker with Criscou00ae NoStick Cooking Spray.nSEASON pork with salt. Heat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown pork on all sides. Place in slow cooker. Add ham, salsa, tomatoes, preserves, corn and beans.nCOVER and cook on Low 8 to 10 hours or on High 4 to 5 hours. Add cooked rice at end of cook time. Stir in green onions. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 2 lb. boneless pork top loin roast, cut into 1inch cubes, OR 1 2 lb. boneless pork sirloin roast, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 pound ham, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 16 oz. jar mild or medium chunky salsa, 1 15 oz. can diced tomatoes, undrained, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Peach Preserves, 1 15.25 oz. can whole kernel corn, drained, 1 15 oz. can black beans, rinsed and drained, 2 cups cooked rice, 12 cup chopped green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro], title: Carnival Pork Stew, picturelink: null}, 49606: {instructions: Cut 4 limes into small pieces place in a pitcher and add 12 cup superfine sugar. With a large wooden spoon, muddle the limes until juicy. Stir in 1 cup cachaca. Spread gold coarse sugar on a plate. Moisten the rims of 6 to 8 glasses with a lime wedge, then dip in the gold sugar fill the glasses with ice. Pour in the cocktail and top with lemonlime seltzer., ingredients: [], title: GoldMedal Caipirinhas, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 49607: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place the branzino fillets on paper towels and dry well. With a sharp knife, score the skin of each fillet by making three shallow cuts on a slight diagonal. Sprinkle the fillets on all sides with the salt.nAdd the oil to the hot pan then add the fillets, skin side down, being sure to lay the fish away from you in the pan. Press gently on each fillet to make sure the skin has full contact with the pan. Allow the fish to cook undisturbed for 3 minutes. Using a fish spatula, gently flip the fillets and cook for another 30 seconds. Remove the branzino to a platter, skin side up, and keep warm.nTo the hot pan, add the tomatoes, capers and olives. Cook for 1 minute, stirring with a wooden spoon. Add the white wine, reduce the heat to medium, and cook until the wine is reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in the butter and parsley. Spoon the sauce over the branzino and serve., ingredients: [4 skinon branzino fillets, bones removed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and rinsed, 12 cup pitted nicoise olives, halved, 3 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley], title: PanSeared Branzino with Tomato and Capers, picturelink: W6o6l2Zy5ejahaTOwpCBSxiMIZGUNNq}, 49608: {instructions: Preheat vegetable oil to 360 degrees.nTo make the dough, sift together flour, sugar and salt. Mix in shortening using hands or pastry cutter until crumbly. Add eggs and lemon zest. Mix until just incorporated.nUse pasta machine to roll out half the dough to 18inch thickness and forming a long rectangular shape roughly 15 inches by 3 inches, being careful not to overwork dough. Repeat with other half of dough. Set aside.nTo make the filling, use fork to mash chickpeas thoroughly. Stir in brown sugar, honey, grated chocolate, and chopped walnuts.nDrop heaping teaspoonfuls of filling along length of rectangular dough leaving 1inch between spoonfuls keeping to one side. There should be enough room for about 10 spoonfuls. With pastry brush use milk to moisten area around each filling spoonful. Fold dough lengthwise over filling and press down to remove any air and to seal edges. With a fluted pastry cutter or pizza cutter, cut into squares to form individual cookies. Repeat procedure with remaining filling and dough.nFry cookies in hot vegetable oil until golden brown. Remove and place on paper towels to drain excess oil. Dust with powdered sugar. Serve the same day., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup powdered sugar, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons shortening, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup chick peas, cooked, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons grated chocolate, 12 cup finely chopped walnuts, Vegetable oil, to fry, 14 cup milk, to seal dough, Powdered sugar, to dust cookies], title: Phils Calcionetti, picturelink: null}, 49609: {instructions: In bowl put crabmeat, onions, scallions, pepper and jicama. Toss to combine. In another bowl, whisk together curry oil, mayonnaise, and creme fraiche. Add curry mixture to crab mixture, season with salt and black pepper.nIn skillet heat oil and curry powder slowly, stirring constantly until curry is fragrant with burning. Remove from heat and set aside to cool. Let curry settle overnight then pour off oil. Store in refrigerator.nYield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, cleaned, 14 cup red onion, finely diced, 14 cup scallion, finely chop, 14 cup red pepper, finely dice, 12 cup jicama, brunoised, 2 tablespoons curry oil, recipe follows, 2 tablespoon mayonnaise, 12 cup creme fraiche, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, to taste, 1 cup canola oil, 14 cup curry powder], title: Curried Crab, picturelink: null}, 49610: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake sure phyllo is completely defrosted. Once removed from package, you will need to cover phyllo with waxed paper and a damp towel to prevent it from drying out. Lay out sheet of dough, lightly butter with pastry brush. Fold sheet in half, butter again. Keep buttering and folding in half probably 3 folds total until you have a rectangle with dimensions close to 4 by 4inches. Cut into 3 sections. Sprinkle Parmesan on each piece of dough. Crumble a bit of brie on each. Lay asparagus tip on top and roll dough around asparagus. The tip of the asparagus should show out of the end. Repeat to make 16 pieces. Lay all pieces out on a cookie sheet. Brush each piece with butter and bake in oven until golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [5 or 6 sheets phyllo dough based on 18 by 14inch sheets which are often sold in packs of 18 to 20, 1 cup melted butter, 14 cup Parmesan, 1 small wheel brie cheese 8 ounces, cut into 16 miniwedges, 16 asparagus tips, blanched], title: Phyllo Wrapped Asparagus and Boursin, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 49611: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl combine the pork, veal and beef and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Mix in the garlic, parsley, thyme, basil and bread crumbs until well combined.nWhen thoroughly mixed, slowly add the beaten eggs and mix well. Add in the milk and again mix thoroughly. Let rest, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 hour. See Cooks NotenWhile the mixture is resting in the refrigerator, take another bowl and mix the already cooked and cooled spaghetti with a little of the marinara sauce and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove the meat from the refrigerator and form into 2ounce portions. Flatten the meatball and add a small amount of the spaghettisauce mixture in the center. Wrap the meat around the filling to form an enclosed meatball. Repeat until all the meat has been used.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nReturn the meatballs to the refrigerator for another hour and allow to rest.nIn a large skillet heat the grapeseed oil over medium heat and begin to fry the meatballs until golden brown on all sides. Transfer into an ovenproof serving dish and cover with the remaining marinara sauce. Bake until cooked through, about 15 minutes.nRemove from the oven and serve immediately sprinkled with grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground veal, 1 pound ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, plus more to taste, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped thyme leaves, 4 teaspoons chopped basil leaves, 6 cups fresh bread crumbs, 6 eggs, beaten, 1 cup whole milk, 12 pound cooked spaghetti, cooled and chopped into small pieces, 8 cups marinara or other prepared sauce, cooled, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Stuffed Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 49612: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, vinegar, oregano, garlic and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Let sit at room temperature while you prepare the salad to allow the flavors to meld.nRinse the quinoa in a strainer until the water runs clear. Combine the quinoa, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small saucepan, bring to a boil and cook until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes.nTransfer to a bowl, fluff with a fork and let sit for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Add the tomatoes, olives, green onions, cherry peppers, red onions, cucumbers and dressing and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 8 hours before serving. The longer it sits the better the flavor.nJust before serving, transfer to a platter and sprinkle feta on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped to a paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup quinoa, Kosher salt and pepper, 2 cups red and yellow grape tomatoes, halved, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 green onions green and pale green part, thinly sliced, 2 pickled cherry peppers, diced, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 12 English cucumber, cut into small dice, Feta, for sprinkling], title: Greek Quinoa Salad, picturelink: sKAht4H9ypsoWFHf9ZR..l..XlgmfO}, 49613: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, cook the chorizo over mediumhigh heat until cooked through, breaking up the chorizo into 13 to 12inch pieces with a wooden spoon, 12 to 14 minutes. Drain on paper towels and cool.nHeat the oil in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, carrots, celery and onions. Cook until the vegetables are tender but not at all brown, stirring often, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the salami and tomatoes. Bring the sauce to a simmer. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook gently until the flavors blend, stirring occasionally, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with the 14 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the arugula and basil. Stir until wilted.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup of the pasta water. Place the pasta into a serving dish.nAdd the chorizo sauce to the pasta. Toss to combine, adding the reserved pasta water, if needed, to loosen the sauce.nTop with the Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh chorizo sausage, casing removed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium carrot, finely chopped about 23 cup, 1 large celery stalk, finely chopped about 23 cup, 1 small onion, finely chopped about 1 14 cups, One 3ounce piece Genoa salami, diced, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups baby arugula, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil, 1 pound penne rigate pasta, 1 cup finely grated Parmesan], title: Meaty Penne, picturelink: GHuH.zEVXMQl1v4MuOg5fMzMI7jfCgS}, 49614: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 10inch castiron skillet with aluminum foil and spray the foil with cooking spray.nIn a large mixing bowl, stir 1 12 cups of the sugar into the melted butter. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Sift the flour and salt onto the batter. Add the flavoring and stir well. Pour the batter into the skillet. Top with sliced almonds and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake until slightly brown on top, about 35 minutes. Cool the shortbread in the skillet. When cool, use the foil to lift the shortbread from the skillet remove the foil before serving., ingredients: [bunNonstick cooking spray, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, melted, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 cup sliced almonds with skins], title: Skillet Almond Shortbread, picturelink: lXdTDem4TqNESzMLk5zyRsmeFZ5Fiz.}, 49615: {instructions: For the caponata: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and season with salt and pepper. Cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the celery and artichoke hearts and cook until soft and the artichokes are lightly browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes, olives, and raisins to the pan. Simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, until the mixture thickens, about 25 minutes. Stir in the vinegar, sugar, and capers and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the halibut: Place a nonstick grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. If not using a nonstick grill pan, lightly oil the pan before grilling the fish. The halibut can also be roasted for 10 to 12 minutes in a preheated 400 degrees F oven.nDrizzle the halibut on both sides with olive oil. Season on both sides with salt and pepper. Grill until the flesh flakes easily with a fork, 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nArrange the halibut on a serving platter and top with the caponata. Garnish with chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 8 ounces frozen artichoke hearts, thawed and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, with juices, 10 pitted kalamata olives, halved, 3 tablespoons raisins, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained, 4 4 to 5ounce centercut halibut fillets, about 1inch thick, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf Italian parsley, for garnish], title: Halibut with Artichoke and Olive Caponata, picturelink: 3VArv5yUwUYHM1R3sXugROWmo2GGdS}, 49616: {instructions: 1. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven or large heavy pan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the ginger, dried shrimp, garlic and habaneros and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and cook until they soften and start to break down, about 4 minutes. Add the collards, chicken broth, salt and black pepper. When the broth comes to a boil, cover the pan, lower the heat and simmer until the collards are completely tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in the tamarind and season with additional salt and pepper.n2. Serve with a generous portion of steamed rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon small dried shrimp, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 habanero or Scotch bonnet pepper, halved seeds removed if you dont want it too spicy, 2 large tomatoes, diced, 1 pound collard greens, ribs removed and leaves sliced into 13inch ribbons, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon tamarind concentrate, Serving suggestions: steamed rice], title: Collard Greens with Tamarind, picturelink: null}, 49617: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the carrots and cook until crisptender, about 1 minute. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Pack the carrots and dill sprigs into a 1quart jar.nMake the brine: Combine the vinegar, 34 cup water, the sugar, 2 12 teaspoons salt, the dill seeds, caraway seeds and 14 teaspoon pepper in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil.nPour the hot brine into the jar and let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [7 medium carrots about 1 14 pounds, sliced 14 inch thick, 4 sprigs dill, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 13 cup sugar, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dill seeds, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, Coarsely ground pepper], title: Pickled Dill Carrots, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 49618: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing paper towels, pat the roast dry to help get a great crust on the meat. Sprinkle the roast generously with salt and pepper. In a large Dutch oven over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons oil and heat until glossy. Add the roast and brown on all sides. Remove and transfer to a cutting board or a large plate.nAdd more oil to the pot if needed, along with the carrots, celery and onions. Season with salt and pepper. Add the fresh herb bundle and cook until the vegetables start to brown, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and continue cooking for another minute. Add 34 cup of the red wine and reduce by half, scraping up the seared bits and incorporating them into the juice. Then return the roast to the pot and add the beef broth. Bring the liquid to a simmer before covering with a tightfitting lid and placing the pot in the oven. Allow the roast to cook until fork tender, 3 12 to 4 hours, turning once halfway through.nRemove from the oven and transfer the roast to a large cutting board. Tent with foil while the roast rests. Placing the Dutch oven back on the stovetop over mediumhigh heat, add the remaining 14 cup of red wine to the liquid and reduce by half at a simmer, about 10 minutes. Strain the sauce and season with salt and pepper. Shred the roast into big chunks and toss with the jus.nFor the herb salad: Toss the watercress and picked parsley with the lemon juice and olive oil to taste. Season with salt and pepper and top with the toasted almondsnServe on top of the Risotto Cakes and top with the fresh herb salad.nFor the risotto: In a medium saucepan, heat the chicken broth to a simmer. In a separate saucepan, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots to the butter, cooking until fragrant and translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the Arborio rice and lightly toast, stirring to coat in the butter and shallots. Add the white wine, continuing to cook while stirring until the wine is absorbed. You should be able to run your spoon through the risotto and have the indentation stay.nUsing a ladle, add enough of the warm chicken broth to cover the rice, stirring constantly over medium heat until the broth is completely absorbed. Repeat the process 3 more times, adding the broth in stages while continuing to stir. Once all of the chicken broth has been added and the rice is tender, add the peas, lemon juice and lemon zest and stir to combine.nRemove from the heat and stir in the Parmesan, mozzarella and season with salt and pepper. Cool the risotto by spreading it evenly over a sheet tray. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 20 to 30 minutes.nOnce the risotto is cooled, form the mixture into burgersize patties, about 1inch thick. Set up a dredging station with the flour in one dish, beaten eggs in another and panko breadcrumbs in another. Dip the rice patties into the flour, then into the eggs and finally coat them in the panko breadcrumbs.nIn a large skillet, heat 12inch vegetable oil over medium heat until a pinch of panko sizzles when dropped in the oil. Working in batches of 2 to 3, fry the risotto cakes until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side use a fish spatula under the cake and the back of a fork on top to help stabilize while flipping. Transfer to a wire rack, which will help them stay crispy. Season with salt and they are ready to serve. Yield: 6 large cakes., ingredients: [One 4pound boneless chuck roast, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, plus more if needed, 2 carrots, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 bundle various fresh herbs, such as tarragon, rosemary, parsley, tied with twine, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup dry red wine, such as cabernet sauvignon, 2 12 cups lowsodium beef broth, 2 cups watercress, 1 cup picked fresh parsley leaves, Lemon juice, for drizzling, Olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, Risotto Cakes, for serving, recipe follows, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large shallots, minced about 12 cup, 1 cup Arborio rice, 34 cups dry white wine, 5 ounces frozen peas, defrosted, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 14 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 4 ounces lowmoisture shredded mozzarella, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Sunday Pot Roast, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 49619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a rocks glass with ice, add the vodka, pomegranate juice, seltzer and some pomegranate seeds. Garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, Splash pomegranate juice, Splash seltzer, Pomegranate seeds, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Full House Martini, picturelink: QpNxFLJ3KemXCMc3dWxK79bPPEXbBT6}, 49620: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 4inch tart shellsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the puff pastry to a uniform thickness. Cut out 4 rounds about 7 inches across. Fit the puff pastry into the tart shells. Trim the excess pastry, line the tart shells with aluminum foil, and weight the pastry with pie weights or rice. Bake the shells until golden brown at the edges, about 15 minutes. Remove the weights and foil and bake until the bottom of the shells are dry, 3 to 5 minutes. Set the tarts aside to cool.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the blueberries, sugar, and 1 tablespoon of brandy. Spoon the blueberries into the tart shells.nIn a medium bowl, beat the eggs with the cream and the remaining brandy. Spoon the custard over the blueberries. Keep in mind that the custard will expand slightly as it cooks so fill the shells to just below the crust edge.nBake the tarts until the custard is set and lightly browned, approximately 25 to 30 minutes. Serve the tarts with whipped cream, creme anglaise or vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 sheet commercial or homemade puff pastry, slightly thawed, 3 pints blueberries, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup brandy, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups light cream, Serving suggestions: Whipped cream, cru00e8me anglaise, or vanilla ice cream], title: Blueberry Tarte, picturelink: null}, 49621: {instructions: Peel and cut the celeriac into roughly 1inch2.5 cm pieces. Put the milk, lemon juice, and bay leaf in a large pot, pour over 8cups2 liters water. Add the salt, bring to a boil, and simmer until the celeriac is very tender.nDrain, reserving 1 cup250 ml of the liquid. Remove the bay leaf. Stir the butter and cream into the celeriac, then puree until very smooth in a blender, adding as much of the reserved cooking liquid as needed to achieve a soft, smooth consistency. Season with pepper and salt, and serve., ingredients: [1 large celeriac, about 2 pounds1 kg, 14 cup60 ml milk, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup60 ml cream, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Celeriac Puree, picturelink: null}, 49622: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, stir together all ingredients except the ribs. Rub spice mixture all over the ribs. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate ribs for at least 2 hours or up to 12 hours.nPreheat the grill to medium heat.nArrange the ribs on the barbeque and grill for 40 to 45 minutes, turning with tongs occasionally until meat is tender and crisp on the outside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon paprika, 1 12 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, to taste, 4 pounds baby back ribs, cut into 2rib portions], title: Dry Rub Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: KbZm1hnqv9pISVQYK2bEgUF.1Ppcoga}, 49623: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the bananaavocado smoothie base: Put the almond milk, flax seeds, honey, banana and avocado in a blender. Blend on high until the mixture is mostly smooth, about 1 minute. Add the ice cubes and blend until completely smooth.nTo make it pink, yellow, green or purple: Add the color additions and blend again until completely smooth., ingredients: [23 cup unsweetened almond milk, 1 tablespoon ground flax seeds, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 medium ripe banana, 12 ripe avocado, 1 cup ice cubes, 1 cup frozen strawberries, thawed, 1 precooked beet, diced, 1 cup diced frozen mango, thawed, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 cup frozen green grapes, 12 cup kale leaves, 12 cup diced pineapple, 1 12 cups frozen blueberries, thawed], title: Rainbow Smoothie, picturelink: sEPYCb9gRuy879tZIIoDjwdPueb2CUm}, 49624: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShake vodka, sherry, and orange juice with ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Strain into a cocktail glass filled with ice. Garnish with an orange peel., ingredients: [3 ounces orangeflavored vodka recommended: Grey Goose LOrange, 34ounce sherry recommended: Lustau East India Solera Sherry, Splash freshly squeezed orange juice, Ice cubes, Orange peel, for garnish], title: Sherry Cocktail, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 49625: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 49626: {instructions: Pour 3 inches of oil in a deep fryer or large, heavy pot and heat to 375 degrees F.nIn a deep mixing bowl, lightly beat the egg yolks and pour in the ice water mix to combine. Add the flour and continue to mix until the batter is the consistency of heavy cream. Dip 2 zucchini flowers at a time in the batter to coat completely, letting the excess drip off. Fry the flowers in the hot oil for 2 minutes until crisp and golden brown. Drain the fried flowers on a platter lined with paper towels, season with salt and pepper while they are still hot. Repeat with the remaining zucchini flowers., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large egg yolks, 1 cup ice water, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 zucchini flowers with stems, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Zucchini Flowers, picturelink: null}, 49627: {instructions: Brew the espresso, and while it is still hot add the sugar and the lemon juice. Taste and add more sugar, to taste. Cool espresso mixture to room temperature.nPour the mixture into a 13 by 9inch pan, and set on a level shelf in the freezer. When ice crystals begin to form, approximately 30 minutes to 1 hour, remove pan from freezer and stir ice crystals. Return pan to freezer and repeat every time ice crystals form. Once all the liquid is frozen, the granita is ready.nTo serve, use a large coffee cup or a martini glass. Place granita in dish and top with some fresh whipped cream., ingredients: [4 cups brewed espresso, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks], title: Coffee Granita, picturelink: null}, 49628: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse chicken halves in cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Place chicken in a large bowl or baking dish, coat with Italian dressing and evenly season with Neelys Barbecue Seasoning. For best results, allow the chicken to marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nIf cooking inside: Take the chicken out of the refrigerator and brush chicken with Neelys Barbecue Sauce.nPlace into a preheated 350 degree F oven for 45 minutes.nIf grilling outside: Thirty minutes before youre ready to cook, take the chicken out of the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature. Preheat the grill to a medium temperature, about 275 degrees F preferably over hickory and charcoal.nPlace the chicken halves on grill, meat side down. Cover grill and cook for about 50 minutes. Flip chicken over and let it brown until the chicken becomes golden, about 15 to 20 minutes. The wing and the drumstick should become very tender and will easily pull away at the joints. Brush the chicken with Neelys Barbecue Sauce during the last 5 minutes of cooking.nMix all the ingredients together in a bowl, except the oil and salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAdd all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 chickens or 4 whole bonein chicken breasts halved lengthwise, 1 12 cups Neelys Italian Dressing, recipe follows, 14 cup Neelys Barbecue Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 cup Neelys Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons ground mustard, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons Neelys Barbecue Seasoning, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup canola oil, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Barbecue Chicken, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 49629: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the chicken and buttermilk in a shallow dish. Cover and chill for 15 minutes.nSpray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Put the cereal in a sealed plastic bag and crush with a rolling pin. Transfer the crumbs to a shallow dish. Season the chicken with the salt and a few grinds of pepper. Dip each piece of chicken in the cereal to fully coat and arrange on the baking sheet. Bake until cooked through, about 8 minutes. Leave the chicken on the baking sheet to cool slightly. It will become crispier.nServe with the mustard sauce.nIn a small bowl, stir together the mustard and mayonnaise until smooth. Stir in the honey., ingredients: [1 14 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut across into 12inch pieces, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 cups wholegrain corn cereal recommended: Corn Chex or cornflakes, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground pepper, HoneyMustard Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Crispy Chicken Fingers, picturelink: SqOKfYzMIoqbLu9sVatQWwxsa0Uy0lu}, 49630: {instructions: Place a large pot or rondeau on the stove and add 3 cups water. Bring the water to a boil and add the clams. Cook until the clams pop open. Though it is important to stir the clams as they cook, take care because the shells are fragile and break easily. Put the clams in a colander and reserve the cooking liquid. Shell the clams discard the shells and reserve the clam meat and the liquid separately. Add the bacon to another large pot and cook over medium heat until crispy. Drain the bacon with a slotted spoon onto a paper towel, dust with Aleppo pepper and set aside. Add the butter to the bacon fat in the pot and quickly cook the celery, about 1 minute. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Remove the celery with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the garlic, leeks and onions to the pot and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Cook until the vegetables become tender and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the vermouth. Continue to cook until almost all of the liquid has evaporated, 8 to 12 minutes. Meanwhile, in another large pot, combine the cream, thyme, potatoes and bay leaves. Bring the mixture to a gentle simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Add a splash of hot sauce and Worcestershire. Stir to blend. Taste for seasoning. There is a good chance there will be grit in the clam cooking liquid. Strain it and add it to the onionleek mixture. Stir to blend. Taste for seasoning. Combine with the potato mixture. Add the clam meat, reserved celery, tarragon and dill. Remove and discard the bay leaves. Add the marsala. Taste for seasoning. Add more cream and water if needed. Top with the bacon just before serving and serve with the Baked Bread. Cooks Note: When you strain the clam liquid, line the strainer with cheesecloth to catch any remaining grit.nBaked Bread for Clam Chowder Dipping:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the bread on a baking sheet in a single layer. Melt the butter in a small skillet over low heat and add the garlic. Sprinkle with salt and white pepper. Heat gently for 1 minute. Use a pastry brush to coat the bread slices with the butter. Pour any remaining butter into the bottom of the baking sheet. Dust the bread with the paprika and dill seeds. Place the baking sheet in the center of the oven and bake until the slices are browned and crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove and cool for a minute before serving alongside the soup.nActive Time: 50 minutes Total Time: 1 hour 45 minutes, ingredients: [5 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed in cold water until no grit remains on the shells, 8 ounces presliced bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, Dried Aleppo pepper or any other smoky dried pepper, for dusting, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 stalks green celery, washed, trimmed and sliced into 12inch rounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 2 leeks white and light green part only, cleaned and diced, 1 small yellow onion, peeled and diced, 1 cup dry vermouth, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 4 Yukon gold potatoes, washed and cut into 34inch dice, 2 bay leaves, Hot sauce, for flavor, Worcestershire sauce, for flavor, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon dry marsala, Baked Bread, for dipping, recipe follows, Eight 34 to 1inchthick slices sourdough bread, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, halved lengthwise and cut into thin slices, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon dill seeds], title: Clam Chowder 2, picturelink: null}, 49631: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 very large potsnFor the beans: Place the beans in large bowls or pots, cover with cold water and allow to soak overnight. Drain and rinse before proceeding. Alternatively, add the beans to a few large pots and cover with hot water. Bring to a boil, and then boil for 2 minutes. Turn off the heat, cover the pots and allow the beans to sit for 1 hour. Drain the beans and rinse them with cold water before proceeding.nDivide the soaked beans between 2 very large pots. Into each pot, add 3 quarts 12 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons pepper, half of the garlic and onions and 1 gallon 16 cups water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 1 12 hours.nFor the spice mixture: Heat the oil in a skillet, then add the oregano, cumin, coriander and chile powder and fry until the color deepens do not let it brown, 30 seconds to a minute. Divide the spice mixture between the pots of beans, along with the salt 3 tablespoons salt in each pot and stir together. Cover and continue simmering until the liquid level is to your liking, about another hour. Taste for seasoning and add more of what it needs., ingredients: [10 pounds dried black beans, 6 quarts 24 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 tablespoons ground black pepper, 20 cloves garlic, minced, 10 medium onions, diced, 1 cup olive oil, 6 tablespoons dried oregano, 6 tablespoons cumin, 6 tablespoons ground coriander, 6 tablespoons chile powder, plus more if needed, 6 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Black Beans, picturelink: FzxDrHistlrCltXiqzDZTXDoLQaTJ7m}, 49632: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThe night before cooking, place the beans in a large bowl and cover them with water by 1 inch. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Drain the beans, rinse well, and drain again. In a large ovenproof pot such as Le Creuset, heat the olive oil over medium to mediumlow heat, add the bacon, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until the bacon starts to brown. Add the onion, fennel, and carrots and cook for 7 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften but arent browned. Add the garlic and saute for 1 to 2 more minutes.nAdd the flageolets to the pot and stir in the broth, bay leaves, and rosemary. Dont be tempted to add salt The beans will become tough. Add 2 cups of water, which should just cover the beans, and bring to a simmer on top of the stove. Cover the pot tightly and bake in the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the lid, stir in 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper, and return the pot to the oven without the lid. Raise the temperature to 350 degrees and bake for 30 to 45 more minutes. The beans will be very tender and there will be just a little liquid in the bottom of the pan. If the beans are dry, add a little more water. Discard the bay leaves and rosemary. Taste for seasonings and serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound dried flageolet beans, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 4 ounces bacon, diced, 2 cups mediumdiced yellow onion 2 onions, 2 cups mediumdiced fennel, trimmed and cored, 2 carrots, scrubbed and mediumdiced, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 2 cups canned beef or vegetable broth, 2 bay leaves, 1 large sprig fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: French Flageolet Beans, picturelink: rn7C4lFj0h0Swzgj3ns.2O7jEShNaBu}, 49633: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nButter 2 slices of rye bread. Place the bread, buttered side down, on the grill and cook until bread is toasted. Place corned beef on the grill and top with sauerkraut and swiss cheese. Steam all together on the grill. Then when your bread is good and grilled, assemble together. Serve it with Russian Dressing and deli mustard., ingredients: [2 slices Russian rye bread, Butter, 5 ounces corned beef, 2 12 ounces sauerkraut, 2 slices swiss cheese, Russian Dressing, Deli mustard], title: Mothers Son Rueben, picturelink: null}, 49634: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat chicken in flour, shaking off any excess. Saute in olive oil until golden brown. Set aside to drain.nSaute garlic in same olive oil. Add the remaining ingredients for the sauce, except the Parmesan. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a boil and remove from heat.nPlace the chicken breasts in a baking dish and cover with the sauce. Bake for about 10 minutes, or until cooked through. Serve with favorite pasta and garnish with Parmesan., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breasts, 1 cup flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 cup tomato sauce, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 20 fresh basil leaves, Salt and pepper, Parmesan, for garnish], title: Chicken Alla Padulese, picturelink: null}, 49635: {instructions: Make the Grillades: Gently pound the filet tips with a smooth meat mallet to approximately 14inch thickness. Place the seasoned flour in a bowl. Sprinkle the cutlets with salt and pepper, dust them with the seasoned flour, and shake any excess back into the bowl. Reserve 14 cup of the seasoned flour.nHeat 1 tablespoon canola oil and 12 tablespoon butter in a heavy pot or Dutch oven over high heat. Working in 3 batches, saute the floured cutlets, turning once, until well browned, about 30 seconds per side. Add some of the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil and 12 tablespoon of butter between the second and third batches. Transfer the grillades to a plate. Scrape the pot with a wooden spoon to remove any particles from the bottom.nAdd the peppers, celery, onion, and garlic to the pot, and scrape the bottom with a wooden spoon. Season with salt and pepper, cover, and cook until tender and brown, about 8 minutes. Add the reserved seasoned flour to the vegetables and cook, stirring, until any liquid is absorbed and the vegetables start turning a darker brown, about 1 12 minutes. Scrape the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon to cook the flour and give the sauce some color. Add the wine, lower the heat, and simmer for 2 minutes.nGradually stir in the stock, again scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, and bring to a boil. Add the tomatoes, bring to a boil again, and reduce to a slow simmer. Simmer until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of the spoon, about 30 to 45 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMake the Grits: Heat the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the milk and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring to a simmer while stirring occasionally. Add the grits, stir thoroughly to blend with the milk, and boil for about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring frequently, until the grits thicken, about 20 to 30 minutes. Stir in the thyme. Cover, turn off the heat, and let rest for 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve, place 4 pieces of the grillade on each plate spoon some of the vegetables and sauce over the top. Sprinkle with green onions and spoon a portion of grits in center of each plate.nOchsner Criteria Slimmed Down Original RecipenCalories: Less than 800 595 calories 678 caloriesnTotal Fat: Less than 20gm 20.7 grams 29.3 gramsnSaturated Fat: Less than 8gm 7.6 gm 15.5 gmnCholesterol: Less than 150mg 71 mg 152 mgnSodium: Less than 1000 780 mg 1111 mg, ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, cut into chunks, 1 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with 12 teaspoon kosher salt and pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 medium red bell peppers, seeded, and thinly sliced vertically, 3 ribs celery, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 15 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup red wine, 3 cups veal stock, 2 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, cored and chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 yellow onion, cut into a very small dice, 8 cups skim milk, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 cups stoneground grits, 3 tablespoons chopped thyme leaves, 1 bunch green onions, thinly sliced], title: Filet Mignon Grillades and Grits, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 49636: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpoon the chocolatehazelnut spread into your blender. Add the chopped chocolate. Set your ramekinscocottesteacupsglasses on a baking sheet.nIn a medium saucepan, whisk together the milk, heavy cream, sugar, salt and egg yolks over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, 8 to 10 minutes I like to use a flatbottomed wooden spatula so that I can make sure the eggs arent catching on the bottom and cooking. Cook until the custard thickens, resembling something like very thick paint. It should register between 175 and 180 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Another test: the custard should coat the back of the spatula, and when you draw a line across the back of the spatula with your clean finger, the line should hold and maintain its edges without running. Remove from the heat immediately.nNow, pour the warm custard through a strainer into the blender. Let it sit 5 minutes to melt the chocolate. Add the Sriracha, espresso powder if using and vanilla extract. Then, put the lid on the blender, hold down with a thick kitchen towel, and blend on low, then high, until smooth and combined, scraping down the sides if necessary. Taste for seasoning.nPour the custard into your containers, tapping them against the rim of the baking sheet to remove air bubbles. Pop them in the fridge and chill until the custards are set, 2 to 3 hours.nTop with whipped cream or creme fraiche, some grated chocolate and minced hazelnuts. A little sea salt would be nice too., ingredients: [1 cup chocolatehazelnut spread, such as Nutella, 3 ounces dark or semisweet chocolate 70 percent and over, chopped, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 large egg yolks, 1 12 to 2 teaspoons Sriracha sauce, 12 teaspoon instant espresso powder, optional, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Whipped cream or creme fraiche, for topping, Cocoa or grated chocolate, for dusting, Minced hazelnuts, for garnishing, Sea salt, for garnishing], title: ChocolateHazelnut Pots De Creme, picturelink: mNJS9Sme1p9Dr9OQOC1sURmyxjsrNWu}, 49637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush the poblanos with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the chiles on the grill and cook until charred on all sides, about 10 minutes. Remove from the grill, place in a bowl and cover with plastic for 10 minutes. Remove the skin, seeds and stem and cut into thin slices.nBrush the onions with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill and cook until lightly golden brown and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Brush with some of the bbq sauce during the last few minutes. Most of the skin should come off on the grill, but if not, take it off when the onions come off the grill.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, sugar, celery salt, celery seed, vinegar and salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the cabbage, carrot, onion and scallion and stir to combine, season with more salt and pepper, if needed. Let slaw sit at least 15 minutes before serving.nHeat the grill to high.nWhisk together the ancho, cinnamon, cumin, brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and black pepper in a small bowl.nSeason top side of the breasts with the rub mixture, turn over and season the back with the remaining salt. Drizzle with some of the oil and place on the grill, rub side down and grill until lightly golden brown and a crust has formed, about 3 minutes. Turn the chicken over, close the lid and continue cooking until just cooked through, about 6 minutes longer. Remove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes before slicing.nGrill the flour tortillas briefly, just to mark and heat. To build the tacos, fold each tortilla around some of the chicken, poblanos, onions, coleslaw and guacamole.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 large poblanos, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sweet onions, skinon, and cut into 14inch thick slices, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Bobby Flays Mesa Grill BBQ Sauce or your favorite jarred variety, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 3 tablespoons applecider vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small head cabbage, cored, finely shredded, 2 carrots, finely shredded, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts 8 ounces each, Canola oil, 8 flour tortillas, 2 grilled sliced poblanos, Barbecued onions, Coleslaw, Guacamole, recipe follows, 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 poblano chile, roasted, seeded, peeled, and diced, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 2 fresh limes, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and pepper], title: SpiceRubbed Chicken Breast Tacos with Grilled Poblanos, BBQ Onions and Coleslaw, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 49638: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel sweet potatoes and slice into thin rounds. Heat oil in a shallow pan. Place enough chips to cover the bottom of the pan. Be sure to keep the flame low enough so as not to burn the oil, but high enough as to not let the oil cool down. Turn chips once or twice, being sure to brown on both sides. Remove from oil and place on a paper towel to remove excess oil. Lightly salt and serve., ingredients: [2 sweet potatoes long and thin, 12 cup canola oil, Kosher salt], title: Sweet Potato Chips, picturelink: 38yYOaQBKTWq821tdLWNMoBM047WOMK}, 49639: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the beets on a baking sheet. In a bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, rosemary and some salt and pepper. Reserve onequarter of the dressing for the salad and pour the rest over the beets. Roast until the beets are tender, 45 to 50 minutes.nWhile the beets are cooking, heat 14 inch of vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat.nPut the flour, eggs and breadcrumbs in separate shallow bowls. Coat the goat cheese slices first in the flour, then in the egg, then in the breadcrumbs. Fry the slices until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Drain on a paper towellined plate.nWhisk the mustard and sugar into the reserved dressing, then pour over the greens in a large bowl and toss to coat. Divide the greens among 6 plates, add the beets on top and place 2 fried goat cheese slices on top., ingredients: [2 pounds beets, peeled and cut into wedges, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup seasoned breadcrumbs, Three 4ounce goat cheese logs, cut into 12 slices, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Pinch sugar, 12 cups mixed greens], title: Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad, picturelink: G93jG3LAtTio3ZhrlfGaEJMN6RFe61C}, 49640: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a large baking sheet with sides, add the jalapenos, serranos, bell peppers, onions and tomatoes. Place the garlic under the cavities of the peppers to shield them from direct heat. Roast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a medium pot set over high heat, add the vegetables from the roasting pan, the vinegar, and enough water to just cover the vegetables. Bring to a hard boil, and boil until the liquid is reduced by half, 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove the pepper stems from the pot. Pour the remaining vegetables and liquid from the pot to a blender, and blend until smooth. Wet a paper towel with water and squeeze out as much water as possible. Line the bottom of a fine mesh sieve with the paper towel in one layer. Place the sieve over a large bowl. Pour in the puree from the blender and let the puree slowly drip into the bowl beneath, about 30 minutes.nDiscard any remaining pulp. Add the sugar and stir. Taste the hot sauce and add salt, if needed. Refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 ounces jalapeno peppers, halved, 4 ounces serrano peppers, halved, 2 red bell peppers, halved, 1 small red onion, peeled and quartered, 1 large tomato, halved, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt], title: Sunnys Red Fire Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49641: {instructions: Combine the cardamom, cinnamon and 3 cups water in a medium saucepan and bring to a bare simmer. Remove from the heat, stir in the sugar, and add the tea bags and 4 sprigs of the mint. Let steep for 6 minutes, then remove the tea bags. Let the tea cool to room temperature. Transfer to the refrigerator to chill. Strain the tea into a measuring cup, discarding the solids. Stir in the lemon juice.nTear the remaining 8 sprigs mint and divide them evenly among 4 rocks glasses. Gently muddle the mint with the back of a spoon. Fill the glasses with ice, then divide the chilled tea evenly among the glasses. Add a shot 1 12 ounces of rum to each glass and top off with a splash of sparkling water. Stir and serve., ingredients: [14 teaspoon cardamom seeds, or 4 pods, smashed, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 bags black tea, such as English breakfast, 12 sprigs fresh mint, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 6 ounces light rum, Sparkling water, for topping], title: Spiced Tea Mojito, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 49642: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Position top rack in the center of the oven. Place a baking pan on the rack below this. Boil water.nMake crust: Mix the crumbs and salt together in a small bowl, then add butter and stir to mix. Set aside 14cup for topping. Press the rest into the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan.nTurn on kitchen or stove exhaust fan. Skewer and roast the habaneros over an open flame gas burner is fine and set them to steam under a towel. When they are cool enough to handle, put on plastic gloves if desired. Peel and deseed habaneros, then pound in a mortar with the 2 tablespoons of sugar until a coarse paste results.nCream the cream cheese, then add remaining sugar and salt. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time until incorporated. Add the cream and blend. Beat the zest and lime juice into this mixture. Add the habanero paste last and beat until well mixed. Pour into the crust, then gently tap the pan to level the filling. Sprinkle the reserved crumbs on top.nPour boiling water into the pan on the ovens lower rack. Place the cheesecake on the rack above it. Bake for approximately 1 hour or until the cheesecake pulls away from the edge of the pan. Remove from the oven and allow to set for 20 minutes. Wrap and keep in the refrigerator overnight, or if rushed, place in the freezer for 2 to 3 hours.nGarnish, if desired, with slices of lime and place a whole habanero in the center., ingredients: [1 12 cups wheatmeal biscuits or about 26 graham cracker squares ground to crumbs, Pinch salt, 13 cup melted butter, 3 habanero peppers, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 1 cup, 24 ounces cream cheese, Pinch of salt, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 lime, zested, 1 very juicy or 2 less juicy limes, juiced, 1 lime sliced thinly, for garnish, 1whole habenero, for garnish], title: Habanero Lime Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 49643: {instructions: Clean the mushroom caps and remove stems. In a saucepan, combine the sake, soy sauce, mirin, and sugar and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and add the mushrooms. Simmer for 7 minutes. Remove mushrooms and use in a salad immediately, or cool and use later with grilled meats., ingredients: [30 fresh shiitake caps, 23 cup goodquality sake, 4 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Shiitake Japanese Style, picturelink: null}, 49644: {instructions: Chop the chocolate and put in a heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream, butter and salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat pour over the chocolate and let sit until completely melted, about 10 minutes. Stir with a rubber spatula or whisk until smooth. If necessary, microwave in 20second intervals until the chocolate melts.nWhisk in the vanilla extract and the Grand Marnier. Stir until the ganache is smooth and shiny. Pour into a shallow baking dish and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight.nRoll tablespoonfuls of the ganache into 18 to 24 balls, then roll in chopped pistachios. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. To make these in advance, roll into balls but do not coat cover and freeze up to 2 weeks. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes before uncovering, then roll in coating.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup Grand Marnier, Chopped pistachios, for coating], title: Grand Marnier Chocolate Truffles With Pistachios, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 49645: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the salmon on a sheet pan, skin side down. Brush with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes, until just cooked. Remove from the oven and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow to rest for 10 minutes and refrigerate until cold.nMeanwhile, place 2 tablespoons of the butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the onion, celery, red and yellow bell peppers, parsley, capers, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, crab boil seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper in a large saute pan over mediumlow heat and cook until the vegetables are soft, approximately 15 to 20 minutes. Cool to room temperature.nBreak the bread slices in pieces and process the bread in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. You should have about 1 cup of bread crumbs. Place the bread crumbs on a sheet pan and toast in the oven for 5 minutes until lightly browned, tossing occasionally.nFlake the chilled salmon into a large bowl. Add the bread crumbs, mayonnaise, mustard, and eggs. Add the vegetable mixture and mix well. Cover and chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Shape into 10 2 12 to 3ounce cakes.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. In batches, add the salmon cakes and fry for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, until browned. Drain on paper towels keep them warm in a preheated 250 degree F oven and serve hot., ingredients: [12 pound fresh salmon, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup smalldiced red onion 1 small onion, 1 12 cups smalldiced celery 4 stalks, 12 cup smalldiced red bell pepper 1 small pepper, 12 cup smalldiced yellow bell pepper 1 small pepper, 14 cup minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, 14 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 3 slices stale bread, crusts removed, 12 cup good mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten], title: Salmon Cakes, picturelink: Fbmzy8njYtBCB1NKfXqnHLt9nHWsr0u}, 49646: {instructions: Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes let cool, then finely chop.nWhisk the flour, allspice, salt and hazelnuts in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and 14 cup confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low and gradually beat in the flour mixture until the dough comes together. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Roll tablespoonfuls of the dough into balls and arrange 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until light golden on the bottom, about 12 minutes. Meanwhile, sift the remaining 34 cup confectioners sugar into a medium bowl.nImmediately transfer the warm cookies to the bowl of confectioners sugar and gently toss to coat transfer to a rack to cool completely. Roll the cookies in confectioners sugar again when completely cool.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [13 cup blanched hazelnuts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Cooking spray], title: Hazelnut Sandies, picturelink: ZohLwzjBjmlsmGeyj7G2JGxG6.cDjDq}, 49647: {instructions: Special equipment: a small wooden skewer and a small strainernAdd the blueberries to a cocktail shaker and crush with a muddler. Add the gin, Fresh Mint Syrup and enough ice to fill the cocktail shaker. Cover tightly and shake vigorously for a few seconds, until the mixture is very cold. Doublestrain into a lowball glass filled with crushed ice. Top with a splash of club soda. Thread 3 blueberries and the mint sprig on a small skewer and set on the side of the glass for garnish. Serve immediately.nStir together the sugar and 34 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the sugar completely dissolves, 3 to 5 minutes. Turn off the heat. Use your hands to tear the bunch of mint in half and add it to the saucepan. Using a spoon, press down the mint to make sure that it is completely submerged. Allow the syrup to cool to room temperature in the saucepan, about 1 hour. Strain the mixture through a finemesh strainer set over a small bowl or liquid measuring cup. Use the back of a spoon to press down on the mint to extract as much flavor as possible. The syrup can be used immediately and will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [14 cup fresh blueberries, plus 3 blueberries for garnish, 2 ounces gin, 1 ounce Fresh Mint Syrup, recipe follows, A splash of club soda, 1 small sprig fresh mint, for garnish, 34 cup sugar, 1 large bunch fresh mint about 1 ounce], title: Fresh Blueberry Fizz, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 49648: {instructions: Carefully cut off 1inch top of angel food cake set aside. Cut down into cake and gently remove core of cake, leaving a 1inch thick border from bottom and around sides. Crumble cored cake into small pieces.nIn a medium bowl, stir together cake pieces, cream cheese, brown sugar, pecans, and cinnamon.nFill center ring of angel food cake with mixture. Place cake top back on.nFrost cake with whipped topping. Garnish with chopped pecans and ground cinnamon., ingredients: [1 teaspoon cinnamon extract, 1 16ounce container whipped topping, divided, 1 10inch storebought angel food cake, 8 ounces whipped cream cheese, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 cup chopped pecans, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for garnish, Whipped topping, storebought], title: Pecan Cinnamon Angel Food Cake, picturelink: BsaPJZL5AvWwZvjrcUubZ2q66dvVcGC}, 49649: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon, cook until browned, and remove with slotted spoon. Add the beef, brown well, and then add the potatoes, onions, chiles, carrot, garlic, chile powder, and bay leaf. Season the mixture liberally with salt and pepper, and cook 10 minutes more, stirring frequently.nAdd the beer and stir about 2 minutes, or until the beer almost cooks out completely. Stir in the stock, thick Worcestershire sauce, baked beans, and tomatoes, and thicken to desired consistency, about 20 to 45 minutes over a steady simmer for loose to superthick chili. Cool and store for makeahead meal.nReheat over medium heat with a little water, if necessary, to loosen up the chili, so it will heat through without scorching. Serve in shallow bowls topped with green onions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 6 slices smoky bacon, chopped, optional, 1 12 pounds coarseground sirloin, 2 Idaho or russet potatoes, peeled and chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 Fresno chile peppers, sliced, 1 carrot, peeled and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chile powder, 1 large fresh bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12ounce bottle beer, 4 cups beef stock, 14 cup thick Worcestershire sauce, 1 16ounce can baked beans, 1 14ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes or diced tomatoes, Scallions, thinly sliced on an angle for topping], title: Cowboy Chili and Baked Bean Pot, picturelink: gB1o84wQzSBXjrvavrxv0SDOJ3hpfq}, 49650: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWash and dry sweet potatoes. Place on a sheet tray and poke with fork. Place in preheated oven and bake for 40 minutes or until cooked and soft.nRemove until cool enough to handle. Split potato and remove pulp with a spoon into a mixing bowl. Add goat cheese, pecans, green onions and cinnamon. Mix well.nPreheat deepfryer to 375 degrees F.nBrush outer edges of the wonton with beaten egg. Add about 1 teaspoon to center of each wanton. Fold edges over to make a triangle and seal edges firmly.nFry wontons in deepfryer. Flip and wait until golden brown and crisp. Remove with a spider and drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray.nFor the sauce:nMix all ingredients well together. Serve with empanadas., ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes, 12 cup goat cheese, 14 cup pecans, chopped, 3 tablespoons green onions, sliced, Pinch ground cinnamon, 24 wonton wrappers, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Peanut oil, to fry, 1 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons honey, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon adobo sauce], title: Sweet Potato Empanada, picturelink: Nbeb7WD3DHJW5fRCbychi2WUpscknq}, 49651: {instructions: For the Ravioli Dough: Beat the eggs with the water, oil and salt. Stir in the rest of the ingredients. Knead the dough for 10 minutes or on a machine for 5 minutes. Divide the dough into 4 balls, lightly oil them, cover with plastic and leave to rest.nFor the Passion Ganache Filling: Heat the cream until scalding. Chop the chocolate and add to the cream, stirring until blended. Beat in the butter. Allow to cool, then add the passion puree.nFor the Ravioli: Use a large cloth or wellfloured table to roll out 1 piece of the dough as thin as possible. Place your ganache into a piping bag and pipe out 12inch balls about 2 inches apart over the dough. Brush the dough between the ganache with water. Roll out a second piece of dough the same thickness and cover the first layer. Press in between the ganache so that the dough sticks together. Cut the ravioli between the ganache.nHeat a pan of oil to 350 degrees F and gently place the ravioli into it, cooking on both sides for about 2 minutes. Remove from the oil and roll in cocoa and Parmesan.nFor the Ricotta Fritter: Blend all ingredients together and spread onto a sheet pan about 34inch thick and place in the freezer. When frozen, cut out 1 12inch discs. In a pan, heat a little bit of butter. Lightly cook on each side until brown.nFor the White Chocolate Truffle Oil Sauce: Scald the cream and stir in the chopped chocolate. Allow to cool, then add the truffle oil.nFor the Chocolate Yoghurt Leather: Mix ingredients together, then spread onto a silpat. If you have a dehydrator leave for 8 hours until dry or place in oven at 200 degrees F for 6 hours.nTo serve: Place the ricotta fritter in the center of the plate and lean the ravioli against it. Break of a piece of the yoghurt leather and place it in between the fritter and ravioli. Spoon a little bit of the sauce by the side of the ravioli., ingredients: [4 eggs, 3 teaspoons cold water, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 pinch salt, 1 pound highgluten flour, 2 ounces sugar, 2 ounces cocoa or atomized coverture, 6 ounces heavy cream, 6 ounces good coverture chocolate, 1ounce butter, 2 ounces passion fruit puree, Cocoa powder, Grated Parmesan, 1 pound ricotta cheese, 1 orange, zest grated, 4 ounces pastry cream, Butter, 4 ounces heavy cream, 4 ounces white chocolate, 4 drops white truffle oil, 6 ounces plain yoghurt, 6 drops chocolate extract], title: Chocolate Passion Ravioli with Ricotta Souffle Fritter, picturelink: null}, 49652: {instructions: Special equipment: Sharpening steel Dessert spoon Parchment paper in an air tight container with a lid Bowl of ice waternPlace the sugar in a saucepan. Pour the water around the edge of the pan carefully to avoid any splashing up of the water or sugar crystals onto the walls of the pan. Draw your finger through it in an X to let the water infiltrate the sugar completely. Bring the sugar water to a boil and, without stirring, continue to cook until amber colored.nMeanwhile, oil the sharpening steel very lightly with vegetable oil.nTest the color of the caramel periodically by placing a drop of it on a white plate. When its slightly lighter than you want it to be, stop the cooking by placing the bottom of the pot in a bowl of ice water. Swirl it a bit to distribute the cooling. When the caramel has cooled enough to slowly fall from a spoon, gather up a glob about 1 tablespoon on the dessert spoon and hold it over the saucepan. Let it drop and, once you have a strand falling from the spoon, hold the sharpening steel over the sauce pan and wind the strand around it. Work your way up the steel, forming a spring, and when you reach the end of the steel, pinch the end of the caramel to cut it off.nLet cool slightly, about 30 seconds, then slide it off the steel. Place in an airtight container with folded parchment paper in between each boing., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, Vegetable oil], title: Caramel Boings, picturelink: null}, 49653: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the flour and season with 1 teaspoon of salt and pepper, to taste. Add the antelope and toss to coat well. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a heavy bottom pot over mediumhigh heat and add the antelope. Saute the antelope until browned, stirring throughout the cooking process. After browning, deglaze with 4 cups of port or red wine, then add the stock, thyme, garlic, bay leaves, rosemary and potatoes. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer until the meat is tender, about 40 to 50 minutes.nIn separate pan, over medium heat, add remaining butter, the onion, carrots, and celery and cook, stirring, for 5 to 6 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the remaining 1 cup of wine, then add the tomato paste, and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Pour the vegetable mixture into the meat mixture and simmer for an additional 40 to 50 minutes, depending on the thickness of the stew. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the stew to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour,, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds antelope stew meat or sirloin, but into 12inch cubes, 7 tablespoons butter, divided, 5 cups port or red wine, divided, 2 cups beef stock or bouillon, 4 sprigs thyme, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 bay leaves, 12 tablespoon minced rosemary leaves, 1 12 pounds potatoes, quartered, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, 4 carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 celery ribs, roughly chopped, 12 cup tomato paste, Generous pinch ground nutmeg], title: Antelope Stew, picturelink: null}, 49654: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace all of the ingredients into a medium mixing bowl and whisk until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Place in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or overnight to allow flavors to meld. Sauce can be stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container for 2 to 3 weeks., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 14 cup grated fresh horseradish, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Horseradish Cream Sauce, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 49655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large microwavable glass bowl combine white chocolate chips and food coloring. Melt in microwave for 1 to 12 minutes stopping to stir every 30 secondsnDip the extralarge strawberries into the white chocolate allowing excess chocolate to drip off. Set on a baking sheet covered with waxed paper. Place in refrigerator for 10 minutes. If chocolate sets up while dipping just place it back into the microwave for 15 seconds.nWhile the strawberries are cooling, place milk chocolate chips into a releasable plastic sandwich bag and close. Microwave for 20 to 30 seconds. Snip 1 corner with scissors and decorate the strawberries like JackOLanterns., ingredients: [1 12ounce bag white chocolate chips, 16 drops yellow food coloring, 8 drops red food coloring, 1 pound extralarge strawberries, 14 cup milk chocolate chips], title: Strawberry JackOLanterns, picturelink: 3HKbGSjBDb5SUZ0psRpi4Psrz4SCMG}, 49656: {instructions: Combine rice, milk, ginger, and cinnamon in a medium saucepan and set pan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Simmer 3 minutes, until thick. Remove from heat and stir in mango. Garnish with mint, if desired.nIn a small skillet toast flaked coconut on low heat until lightly toasted, about 5 to 8 minutes. To a medium saucepan, add rice and coconut milk and set pan over mediumhigh heat, bring to a simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. Stir in toasted coconut., ingredients: [1 12 cups leftover or freshly made coconut rice, recipe follows, 1 12ounce can lowfat sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon minced candied ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup diced dried mango or dried currants, blueberries, papaya, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, optional, 14 cup flaked coconut, 2 cups quick cooking jasmine rice, 2 14ounce can light coconut milk], title: Sweet Coconut Rice with Candied Ginger, picturelink: l4DBkrdHBTOgPgpgkBU9LMJT33neR96}, 49657: {instructions: Poach tuna in salted water for 3 to 4 minutes until cooked through. Flake and pull apart. Combine with mayonnaise, mustard, relish, onion and celery, herbs, salt and pepper. Spoon on rolls. Top with some sliced sweet pickles and potato chips., ingredients: [4 34 inch thick Fresh albacore tuna steaks about 10 to 12 ounces, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons sweet relish, 1 sweet onion, finely diced, 2 celery ribs, finely diced, Bunch dill, snipped, Bunch chives, chopped, Salt and pepper, Potato bread hamburger rolls, Bottled sweet pickles, Potato chips], title: Fresh Tuna Salad Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 49658: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a medium saute pan, add the leek and carrots, and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute and set aside.nMeanwhile, place the lentils, 4 cups of water, the onion with the cloves, and the turnip in a large saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer uncovered for 20 minutes, or until the lentils are almost tender. Remove and discard the onion and turnip and drain the lentils. Place them in a medium bowl with the leek and carrots, and add the butter.nMeanwhile, whisk together the 14 cup of olive oil, the mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper. Add to the lentils, stir well, and allow the lentils to cool until just warm, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve. The longer the lentils sit, the more salt and pepper youll want to add., ingredients: [2 tablespoons plus 14 cup good olive oil, 1 leek, white and light green parts, sliced 14inch thick, 2 carrots, scrubbed and 12inch diced, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 cup French green Le Puy lentils, 1 whole onion, peeled and stuck with 6 whole cloves, 1 white turnip, cut in half, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Warm French Lentils, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 49659: {instructions: Cream the cheese and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment until light. Add 14 cup granulated sugar, the salt, and vanilla. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour and mix until just combined. Dump the dough out onto a wellfloured board and roll it into a ball. Cut the ball in quarters, wrap each piece in plastic, and refrigerate for 1 hour.nTo make the filling, combine 6 tablespoons of granulated sugar, the brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, the raisins, and walnuts.nOn a wellfloured board, roll each ball of dough into a 9inch circle. Spread the dough with 2 tablespoons apricot preserves and sprinkle with 12 cup of the filling. Press the filling lightly into the dough. Cut the circle into 12 equal wedgescutting the whole circle in quarters, then each quarter into thirds. Starting with the wide edge, roll up each wedge. Place the cookies, points tucked under, on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush each cookie with the egg wash. Combine 3 tablespoons granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon and sprinkle on the cookies. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Remove to a wire rack and let cool., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar plus 9 tablespoons, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 34 cup raisins, 1 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 12 cup apricot preserves, pureed in a food processor, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon milk, for egg wash], title: Rugelach, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 49660: {instructions: For the pork belly: Combine the olive oil, juniper berries, rosemary, sage and thyme in a mixing bowl. Add the pork belly, cover, and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or up to 6 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a heavybottomed pan over medium heat. Remove the belly from the marinade reserve the marinade and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Coat the pan with the vegetable oil and carefully sear on both sides until well browned. Remove the belly and reserve.nAdd the celery, bay leaves, carrots, garlic, onions and reserved marinade into the pan and cook until the vegetables are lightly browned. Pour in the wine to deglaze, followed by the ginger beer, and then scrape the pan to release the browned bits. Add the stock and the belly, cover, and braise in the oven until fork tender, about 3 hours time will vary depending on the size of the belly.nFor the grits: Combine the milk and stock in a pot. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and slowly whisk in the grits. Simmer, stirring often, until tender, about 45 minutes. Stir in the butter, and season with salt and pepper.nRemove the pork belly from the braising liquid. Strain the liquid through a fine mesh sieve into a saucepan. Skim all the fat from the surface, and then cook over mediumhigh heat until reduced by 40 percent.nBefore serving, gently reheat the pork belly in the jus. Serve over the grits and pour a little jus over. Toss the arugula with a little lemon juice and olive oil and place on top.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, plus more for tossing with arugula, 2 tablespoons juniper berries, lightly crushed, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh sage, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, One 3 to 4pound pork belly, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 4 ribs celery, leaves removed, roughly chopped, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 large carrots, roughly chopped, 1 head garlic, split, 1 large white onion, roughly chopped, 1 cup red wine, 2 bottles ginger beer, such as Reeds, 6 cups rich pork stock, 3 cups whole milk, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups stone ground grits we use Byrd Mill, but Anson Mills is a good substitute, 4 ounces unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Arugula, for serving, Lemon juice, for tossing with arugula], title: Braised Pork Belly with Juniper and Ginger Beer over Stone Ground Grits, picturelink: null}, 49661: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 10by10by2inch baking dish and set it aside.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook until golden brown on all sides, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the garlic to the fat in the pan and cook until lightly golden brown, 1 minute. Whisk in the flour and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the hot milk, raise the heat to high and cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, 3 to about 5 minutes. Whisk in the eggs until incorporated and let cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the thyme, cayenne and all the different cheeses until completely melted. Season with salt and pepper. If the mixture appears too thick, add additional warm milk, 14 cup at a time.nPut the cooked macaroni in a large bowl, add the cheese sauce, reserved pancetta, and the parsley, and stir until combined. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.nCombine an additional 14 cup each asiago, cheddars, fontina and parmesan in a bowl and sprinkle evenly over the top. Bake until the dish is heated through and the top is a light golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before serving.nPhotographs by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 1inchthick slice pancetta, cut into small dice, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 cups whole milk, or more if needed, hot, 4 large egg yolks, lightly whisked, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups 8 ounces grated asiago cheese, plus more for the top, 1 12 cups 6 ounces grated Irish white cheddar cheese, plus more for the top, 1 12 cups 6 ounces grated American cheddar cheese, plus more for the top, 1 cup 4 ounces grated aged fontina cheese, plus more for the top, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for the top, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound elbow macaroni, cooked just under al dente, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Macaroni and Cheese Carbonara, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 49662: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the hot water, kosher salt and brown sugar into a 5gallon upright drink cooler and stir until the salt and sugar dissolve completely. Add the ice and stir until the mixture is cool. Gently lower the turkey into the container. If necessary, weigh down the bird to ensure that it is fully immersed in the brine. Cover and set in a cool dry place for 8 to 16 hours.nRemove the turkey from the brine, rinse and pat dry. Allow to sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes prior to cooking.nPlace the oil into a 28 to 30quart pot and set over high heat on an outside propane burner with a sturdy structure. Bring the temperature of the oil to 250 degrees F. Once the temperature has reached 250, slowly lower the bird into the oil and bring the temperature to 350 degrees F. Once it has reached 350, lower the heat in order to maintain 350 degrees F. After 35 minutes, check the temperature of the turkey using a probe thermometer. Once the breast reaches 151 degrees F, gently remove from the oil and allow to rest for a minimum of 30 minutes prior to carving. The bird will reach an internal temperature of 161 degrees F due to carry over cooking. Carve as desired., ingredients: [6 quarts hot water, 1 pound kosher salt, 1 pound dark brown sugar, 5 pounds ice, 1 13 to 14pound turkey, with giblets removed, Approximately 4 to 4 12 gallons peanut oil See Cooks Note], title: DeepFried Turkey, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 49663: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chocolate in a 4quart glass bowl. Microwave on high for 30 seconds, and then stir with a clean spatula. Repeat 2 more times. Microwave on high for 15 seconds, and then stir. Repeat 2 to 4 more times or until the chocolate reaches 100 degrees F. Microwave on high for 10 seconds, and then stir. Repeat 5 more times or until the chocolate reaches 115 degrees F.nRemove from the microwave and cool by stirring occasionally until the chocolate reaches 95 degrees F. Add the cocoa butter and stir continuously until the cocoa butter melts and the chocolate cools to 90 degrees F.nTest the temper of the chocolate by spreading a small amount in an even layer on a metal surface set over an ice pack. It should set within 3 minutes and be shiny and streak free.nMaintain the 90degree temperature by briefly heating the chocolate with a 10second blast of warm heat from a hair dryer. Use immediately for dipping fruit, pretzels, cookies, etc., ingredients: [1 kilogram 54percent bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 10 grams cocoa butter, finely chopped, Suggested dippers: fruit, pretzels, cookies, etc.], title: Microwave Chocolate Tempering, picturelink: 7Qykqsk1kff7H0FiYRWjvK3xnH7Trvu}, 49664: {instructions: Pull the grapefruit apart into segments. Using the tip of a small, sharp knife, loosen the white membrane surrounding each segment and pull it away, trying not to pierce any of the little juice pods. Break up the segments into juice pods and set them aside.nTrim the venison of any tendons or cartilage and slice across the grain into 12 inch slices. Place each one between 2 layers of plastic wrap and flatten by pounding with the flat side of a mallet until just over 14 inch thick. Season generously with salt and pepper. Preheat an oven to the lowest heat and place a heat proof platter inside.nIn a large, heavy skillet heat the olive oil over high heat you may need to do this in batches. Quickly sear the venison scallops for about 1 minute on each side, then reduce the heat and cook for 1 minute more, until done to your liking if the venison is cooked beyond the medium rare stage, it will be tough. Transfer the scallops to the platter in the oven and cover loosely with a piece of aluminum foil.nWipe the skillet clean and, over medium heat, melt 3 tablespoons of the butter. Add the shallots and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the gin and simmer until the pan is almost dry. Add the juniper berries, venison or beef stock, salt, and cracked pepper. Increase the heat to high and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half. Add the remaining pieces of cold butter, remove the pan from the heat, and whisk until the sauce is emulsified. Taste for seasoning and stir in the grapefruit pieces. Place one or 2 venison scallops on each plate and spoon some of the sauce over the top. Serve at once., ingredients: [1 grapefruit, peeled by hand, 3 pounds loin, or well trimmed leg of venison, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 5 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 10 pieces, 10 medium shallots, finely diced, 12 cup gin, 6 juniper berries, 34 cup venison or beef stock], title: Venison Scallops with Caramelized Shallots, picturelink: null}, 49665: {instructions: To make the caponata: In a heavy skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Cook the eggplant, stirring, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until it is tender, and transfer it to a bowl. To the skillet add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and cook the onion and the celery over moderate heat, stirring, for 5 minutes. Add the olives, the capers, the vinegar, the sugar, the raisins, the pine nuts, and the tomatoes and cook the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is cooked through and the celery is tender. Transfer to the bowl, cool, and chill, covered, overnight. Stir in the parsley and season the caponata with salt and pepper.nTo make the bruschetta: Grill the bread on an oiled rack set about 4 inches over glowing coals for 1 minute on each side, brush the toasts on 1 side with the oil, and sprinkle them with salt, to taste.nTop each toast generously with some of the caponata, arrange 2 or 3 toasts on each of 4 plates, and garnish each serving with the parsley sprigs., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 3 12 cups 14inch dice unpeeled eggplant about 1 14 pounds, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 13 cup finely chopped celery, 13 cup chopped pitted green olives, 3 tablespoons chopped drained bottled capers, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 3 tablespoons golden raisins, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted lightly, 3 plum tomatoes, cut into 14inch dice about 1 cup, 14 cup finely chopped flatleafed parsley leaves, 8 to 12 12inch thick diagonal slices of countrystyle Italian bread, Flatleaf parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Bruschetta with Caponata, picturelink: null}, 49666: {instructions: Place lamb in a bowl, coat with yogurt, cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours, preferably overnight.nBegin preparing rice by soaking in water for 20 minutes. Drain and set aside.nPrepare masala 1 by grinding together garlic clove and ginger to a fine paste. This can be done through the feed tube of a running food processor and finished with a mortar and pestle or molachete.nPrepare masala 2 by grinding coriander seeds, fennel seeds and poppy seeds either manually with a mortar and pestle or with a coffee grinder. Then make a fine paste by adding the red chiles through the feed tube of a food processor followed by the dry ground spices.nPrepare masala 3 by grinding together coconut, cashew nuts and yogurt in that order through the feed tube of a running food processor.nTo begin cooking the lamb, heat 4 teaspoons ghee in a wok and swirl to coat inside surface. Add 3 cloves, 3 cardamom pods, and 3 cinnamon sticks, and toast briefly in the wok. Then, add chopped green chiles and onion and fry until mixture turns golden brown be careful not to burn. Add masala 1 and stir well, cooking for a few minutes. Add masala 2 and stir well, cooking for a few minutes to integrate flavors. Add the diced tomatoes and cook for 2 minutes. Transfer marinated lamb to wok and also add cilantro and mint leaves. Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, then add 12 cup water and salt. Cover and cook for 15 minutes, then stir in masala 3. Cover and cook until the sauce becomes thick.nFor the rice:nHeat 3 teaspoons ghee in another wok or saucepan and add cloves, cardamom pods, cinnamon stick, bay leaf and cumin seeds, and fry for 1 minute. Add the rice and stir for about 2 to 3 minutes to toast the rice. Add the 3 12 cups water and salt, bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and let cook until the water is absorbed, about 15 to 20 minutes. When rice is done, remove from heat and allow to cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nThe biryani will be layered in a dish. A 13 by 9inch ovenproof dish such as the type used for lasagna or something similar would be suitable. Divide rice into 3 parts and the lamb mixture into 2 parts. Grease the dish and arrange 5 alternate layers of rice and meat, beginning and ending with rice. Dissolve the saffron or yellow food coloring in the 14 cup milk and spoon it over the top layer of rice. Cover the biryani with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes before serving.nTransfer to a serving plate to reveal layers. Garnish with fried onions, cashew nuts, raisins and hard boiled eggs., ingredients: [1 pound lamb, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pint plain yogurt, 4 teaspoons ghee or clarified butter, 3 cloves, 3 cardamom pods, 3 cinnamon sticks, 3 green chiles, chopped, 3 large onions, chopped, 3 tomatoes, diced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups basmati rice, 3 teaspoons ghee or clarified butter, 3 cloves, 3 cardamom pods, 3 sticks cinnamon, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon black cumin seeds, 3 12 cups water, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pinch saffron or yellow food coloring, 14 cup milk, 1 large onion, peeled sliced and fried, for garnish, 18 cup cashews, for garnish, 18 cup raisins, for garnish, 2 peeled and quartered hard boiled eggs, for garnish, 1 large garlic clove, 1 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons poppy seeds, 12 red chiles, 12 cup grated coconut, 3 teaspoons chopped cashew nuts, 12 cup plain yogurt], title: Yogurt Marinated Lamb with TriMasala and Basmati Rice Hyderabadi Biryani, picturelink: null}, 49667: {instructions: For the ceviche:nCombine all of the ingredients in a large bowl and toss to combine.nFor the bruschetta:nCoat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Brush olive oil all over both sides of bread slices. Place bread on hot pan and cook 1 to 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. While still warm, rub garlic cloves all over bread. Serve bruschetta with ceviche., ingredients: [1 12 pounds lump crabmeat, picked through for shells, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 2 cups diced Roma tomatoes, 12 cup diced cucumber, 12 cup diced jicama, 13 cup diced white onion, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or more, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, Olive oil, 1 baguette, sliced crosswise into 12inch thick rounds or ovals, 2 peeled garlic cloves], title: Crab Ceviche with Cucumber and Jicama with GarlicRubbed Grilled Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 49668: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a wellseasoned 10inch castiron skillet with cooking spray.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal mix, creamed corn, sour cream, oil and eggs. Pour the mixture into the skillet and bake until lightly brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 cup selfrising buttermilk cornmeal mix, One 15ounce can creamed corn, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 large eggs], title: Sour Cream Cornbread, picturelink: MR1NcB5FYeWftb7nVpd..voF8WVr5a}, 49669: {instructions: Place the jalapeno, ginger, fish sauce, sugar, lime juice and coconut milk in a blender and puree until smooth.nIn a large bowl, toss the mixture with the tuna slices. Mix in the remaining ingredients. Divide among 8 plates and serve immedi, ingredients: [1 jalapeno chili, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons grated fresh gingerroot, 3 tablespoons Thai or Vietnamese fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 ounces unsweetened coconut milk available in cans, 1 12 pounds fresh tuna, cut into broad slices about 14inch thick, sashimi grade, 12 purple onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons minced scallions, 1 tablespoon finely chopped chives, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro leaves], title: Tuna Ceviche with Coconut Milk and Ginger, picturelink: null}, 49670: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough vegetable oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the maple sugar, black pepper, salt, and yellow curry. Reserve.nScrub the sweet potatoes clean. Cut in half and then into 12inch thick wedges. When oil is hot, reduce heat to mediumhigh and carefully put half of the wedges in the oil. Cook turning occasionally to brown on all sides, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove to a paper towel lined colander to drain. Sprinkle the fries with some of the reserved spice mixture. Cover with another paper towel to keep warm. Repeat with remaining wedges.nTransfer the wedges to a serving bowl and garnish with green onions., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 14 cup maple sugar, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon mild yellow curry, 2 large sweet potatoes or yams, skinon, 1 tablespoon minced green onion, to garnish], title: Maple Sugar Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: 9BE62mvguM4EreDVIl6YqsRa7bz9U2}, 49671: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large pan and cook the bacon and onion until the onion starts to color. Add the rice, stir around the pan for 5 minutes and pour on the wine. Let it evaporate then start adding the boiling stock a ladle at a time, waiting for the liquid to be absorbed before stirring in more. After 15 to 20 minutes the risotto will be cooked al dente. Remove from the heat and stir in the Parmesan and freshly ground black pepper. Serve at once., ingredients: [14 stick butter, 4 oz. bacon, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cups Vialone nano rice or Carnaroli or Arborio, 23 cup fullbodied dry red wine, 4 cups rich meat stock, Generous 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Black pepper], title: Bacon and Onion Risotto, picturelink: null}, 49672: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the bottom half of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk together 1 of the eggs, the mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and granulated garlic in a shallow dish. Mix together the breadcrumbs and 14 cup of the Parmesan in another shallow dish.nToss the asparagus with the flour in a medium bowl. Dip the asparagus in the egg mixture, shake off excess egg, coat the asparagus in the breadcrumb mixture pressing it in if needed and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the asparagus is tender and slightly browned about 20 minutes.nCrack the remaining 4 eggs into individual cups. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, then gently pour as many of the eggs into the pan as you can without crowding. Fry the eggs until the whites have set and the yolks are still runny, about 4 minutes.nPool 14 cup marinara sauce on each of 4 serving plates. Evenly divide the asparagus among them, and top each with an egg. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon Parmesan, and garnish with basil., ingredients: [5 large eggs, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 cup plain breadcrumbs, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 1 bunch asparagus, woody stems snapped off about 1 pound, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup warm marinara sauce, 4 large fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Kids Can Make: Asparagus Marinara, picturelink: Gw3eZE5JNELjkvHNbIKS1TDXu0YiKwS}, 49673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSift together the flour, salt and baking powder and set aside.nCream butter and sugar together in another large bowl. Add egg and beat until incorporated. Add the vanilla and peppermint extract. Gradually add the dry mixture, beating until combined. Remove half of the mixture from the bowl. Add food coloring, beating until fully combined. In waxed paper, roll out dough to form a large rectangle, about 14inch thick. Repeat this step with the other half of uncolored dough with no food coloring. Refrigerate for 2 hours.nTear out 1 sheet of waxed or parchment paper. Sprinkle the surface of the paper with powdered sugar to prevent sticking. Very carefully, slide the red dough on top of the white dough. Trim edges if uneven and patch if necessary. Roll dough into a log, creating a swirl effect. Place the dough back in the refrigerator and let chill for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the dough into 12inch slices and place on a parchment lined sheet tray about 1inch apart. Place lollipop stick about 1inch through the flat side of the dough. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool on a wire rack.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nSpecial equipment: 24 lollipop sticks ., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, 1 teaspoon red food coloring, Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough], title: Peppermint Pinwheels, picturelink: ibgefmJkt4n03oYhPYtzvNXaB0wHiy}, 49674: {instructions: Soak the onion in cold water for 15 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nOn a cutting board, lightly sprinkle the garlic with 14 teaspoon of salt and smash it into a paste with the side of a cooks knife. Transfer the paste to the bowl with the onion.nUsing a knife cut the avocados in half, rotating around the seeds. Remove the seeds and discard. Using the knife, carefully make several slashes in the avocado flesh. Using a spoon, scoop the avocado flesh into the bowl with the onion and garlic. Repeat with the remaining avocado.nAdd the lime juice, cilantro, tomato, and jalapeno, to taste, to the avocados. Using a rubber spatula or large fork, mix until just combined, keeping the guacamole chunky. Season with salt, to taste. Serve immediately.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [12 small yellow or 14 red onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 ripe Hass avocados, 1 lime, juiced, 2 to 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 ripe plum tomato, cored and diced, 14 to 12 jalapeno with seeds, minced], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 49675: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a rimmed baking sheet, and toast until lightly browned and fragrant, about 5 minutes transfer to a small bowl, and set aside.nToss the grapes, blueberries, honey and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Stir together the ricotta and lemon zest in a small bowl.nDividing evenly, spread the 4 baguette halves with the butter. Transfer to the rimmed baking sheet, and toast until lightly browned and crisp, 5 to 7 minutes.nSprinkle the toasted halves with a pinch of salt and a bit of pepper, and spread each with 2 tablespoons of the ricotta mixture. Put each half on an individual serving plate, drizzle with honey, top with a generous 14 cup of the fruit mixture and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the toasted almonds. Serve with more honey on the side., ingredients: [14 cup sliced, skinon almonds, 34 cup red seedless grapes, halved, 12 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon honey, plus more for drizzling and serving, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup ricotta, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 baguette, cut into two 6inch pieces, halved horizontally, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kids Can Make: Ricotta, Blueberry and Grape Toasts, picturelink: null}, 49676: {instructions: Whisk together the allpurpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add the butter to a bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Beat the butter until lightened. Add 34 cup of the sugar and cream together with butter until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the egg and egg white, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the molasses and beat until combined. Add the dry ingredients to the mixer in 3 additions, mixing until incorporated. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill the dough for at least 1 hour or overnight. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment or a nonstick baking mat and spray lightly with cooking spray. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar to a small plate. Use a rounded tablespoon to scoop the dough and roll into a round, then roll in the coconut sugar. Place on the prepared baking sheet, arranging the cookies about 2 inches apart. Bake the cookies until puffed and cracked on top, about 10 minutes. Let cool on the sheet trays for 10 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons coconut palm sugar, 1 large egg, beaten, plus 1 large egg white, 14 cup molasses, Cooking spray], title: Ginger Spice Cookies, picturelink: null}, 49677: {instructions: For the meatloaf: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, stir together the panko and milk and set aside.nPlace the brisket and sirloin on a baking sheet and transfer to the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to firm up. This will make grinding cleaner and easier. Grind the meat in a food processor or bench top grinder, following manufacturers instructions. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate the ground beef until ready to use.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrot, celery, poblano and garlic. Cook for about 5 minutes, or until the onions turn translucent. Add the cumin, oregano and ancho powder and cook for another 2 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and set aside to cool to room temperature. When cool, add the ground beef, the chorizo, the milksoaked panko, and the egg, black beans and corn. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Mix until just combined dont overwork the meat. Transfer the meatloaf mixture to a parchmentlined baking sheet and shape into a freeform loaf. Bake until the internal temperature registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the pesto: In a food processor, combine the cilantro, parsley, pepitas, cumin, garlic and some salt and pepper. Pulse to a coarse paste then slowly drizzle in the olive oil, while pulsing. Transfer the pesto to a bowl and fold in the cotija and Parmesan. Set aside.nWhen the meatloaf is done, remove it from the oven and immediately spread some of the pesto over the top. Tent with foil and let rest for 10 minutes.nFor the tortilla strips: Fill a large, heavy pot or Dutch oven with 2 inches of oil, and heat the oil to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the tortilla strips until golden and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Season with salt.nTo serve: Cut the meatloaf into thick slices. Top with a dollop of cilantro pesto and some crispy tortilla strips. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup milk, 8 ounces brisket, cut into 1inch cubes, 8 ounces sirloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup finely diced yellow onion, 14 cup finely diced carrot, 14 cup finely diced celery, 1 poblano pepper, seeded and diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 1 pound fresh chorizo, casing removed, 1 egg, beaten, One 16ounce can black beans, drained, One 15ounce can sweet corn, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup pepitas hulled pumpkin seeds, toasted, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup crumbled cotija cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Canola oil, for frying, 6 corn tortillas, sliced into thin strips, Kosher salt], title: Mexicana Meatloaf with Cilantro Pesto and Crispy Tortilla Strips, picturelink: .fjB1JjlIluM8CIgHYEFXnUJ6Adbze}, 49678: {instructions: Remove the tendon from the chicken. Cut the eggplant, tomatoes, onion and squash into small cubes. Cut the peppers in half and remove the seeds and the white skin inside. Rinse chickpeas until water runs clear, strain and put aside. Heat fry pan to high, when hot add butter and let it brown lightly. Add chicken and season with salt and pepper. When the chicken is brown but not completely cooked, remove from heat and set aside.nPut fresh butter in the pan with the onions and let cook for a couple minutes, then add the peppers, eggplant and squash. If the pan becomes too dry add some more butter and the juice from the tomatoes. When cooked to more or less soft add the white wine. Reduce until a glaze forms, add the tomatoes at the last minute as well as the chicken. As soon as you add the last two ingredients turn off the flame. The chicken is still undercooked but it will slowly heat up with the vegetables. Check the seasoning, add the chiffonade of basil, bring to high heat and serve immediately. Decorate with a pretty basil leaf., ingredients: [8 to 12 skinless, boneless chicken tenderloin, 12 small eggplant, 2 large tomatoes, 12 white onion, 12 green squash, 2 small Italian sweet, green peppers, 1 small can of chickpeas, 1 stick unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, 1 cup white wine, 2 sprigs of fresh basil], title: Poulet a la Regina, picturelink: null}, 49679: {instructions: For the crust: In a food processor combine the flour, salt, and sugar. Pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the butter is finely chopped and the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add the mascarpone cheese and lemon juice and pulse a few times. Add the ice water and run the machine just until the mixture is moist and crumbly, but does not form a ball. Do not over mix. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap. Press into a disc, cover, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Place an oven rack in the lower third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the apple slices, sugar, and cinnamon. Cook, stirring frequently, until the apples are softened, but not mushy, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice, lemon zest, walnuts, and Gorgonzola.nCut a piece of parchment paper to fit the inside of a 12 by 17inch baking sheet and place on a work surface. Place the chilled dough on the parchment paper. Roll the dough out into an 11inch circle, about 14inch thick. Lift the parchment paper and transfer to the baking sheet. Spoon the apple filling into the center of the dough. Spread the filling evenly, leaving a 2inch border. Fold the dough border over the filling to form an 8inch round. Pleat the edge of the pastry and pinch to seal any cracks in the dough.nUsing a pastry brush, brush the crust with the beaten egg. Bake until the crust is golden, about 25 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons ice water, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 small Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 14 to 12inch thick slices, 14 cup granulated sugar, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 13 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Crostata with Apples, Walnuts and Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 49680: {instructions: In a large stockpot, saute onion, bell pepper, and garlic in the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until onions are starting to soften. Stir in cumin, chipotle, and red pepper flakes. Crumble the thawed tofu into the mixture and saute 5 minutes more.nReduce heat to medium. Add all tomatoes, jalapenos, green chiles, black beans, kidney beans, corn and cashews mix well. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nGarnish with sour cream, grated Cheddar, and additional cashews, if desired., ingredients: [1 yellow onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon each chipotle chili powder and red pepper flakes, 14 ounces extrafirm tofu, frozen and thawed, 2 14ounce cans diced tomatoes, undrained, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 4ounce can diced jalapenos, drained, 1 4ounce can green chiles, drained, 2 14ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 14ounce can dark kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup frozen corn, 12 cup whole roasted cashews, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garnishes: sour cream, shredded Cheddar, more roasted cashews, optional], title: Ultimate Veggie Chili, picturelink: null}, 49681: {instructions: Combine dressing ingredients in a sealable container and shake to emulsify.nCombine shaved fennel, some of the fronds, and apple in a mixing bowl and toss. Toss the salad with the dressing. Distribute between serving plates. Top with shaved cheese and scatter a few more chopped fennel fronds over the top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, 1 large shallot, minced, 2 navel oranges, juiced, 12 navel orange, zested, 1 small lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Couple pinches salt, About 15 to 20 grinds black pepper, 1 bulb fennel, shaved with a knife or mandoline about 2 to 3 cups, fronds reserved and chopped, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and sliced into 18inch thick slices, then cut into matchsticks, 14pound ricotta salata, shaved], title: Shaved Fennel and Green Apple Salad with Orange Dressing and Ricotta Salata, picturelink: lYRRShAEV5QCqHIAX4sbWGIe6ph9kkO}, 49682: {instructions: Smash the avocado and spread on the toasted bread. Top with the egg slices. Drizzle with olive oil and lemon juice and sprinkle with chia seeds, salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 avocado, 1 slice sprouted bread, toasted, 1 hardboiled egg, sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon chia seeds, Sea salt and cracked black pepper], title: Avocado Toast, picturelink: qnQ4YZ1zT6rklrRM6HWCimLMcOy.ame}, 49683: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSplit the squash in half through the equator and scrape out the seeds with a spoon. Set the squash halves, cut sides up, on a baking sheet and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, if desired. If squash are very large, cut lengthwise into quarters.nIn a bowl, cream the butter with the sugar, and almond liqueur. With a brush or a spoon coat the cut sides of each squash half with the butter mixture and put 2 sage leaves on top of each. Sprinkle with the crushed cookies. Bake until tender, 30 to 35 minutes, basting every 15 minutes with any remaining butter., ingredients: [2 acorn or dumpling squash, about 1 pound each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, optional, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons amaretto, 8 fresh sage leaves, 12 pound crushed pignoli cookies, almond biscotti, or vanilla wafers], title: Roasted Acorn Squash, picturelink: B9eOULXOpF7.w00RsQO9lC0HXzE56SC}, 49684: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace broth and cabbage in a large saucepan and set pan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer.nMeanwhile, in a food processor, combine pork, soy sauce and sesame oil. Pulse 3 or 4 times until the pork is finely minced but not a paste.nArrange 16 wonton wrappers on a flat surface. Spoon filling onto the center of each wrapper, to within 14inch of the edges about 1 teaspoon per wrapper. Wet your fingers with water and pull up corners of the wontons to create individual purses. Pinch the edges together with wet fingers to seal.nPlace stuffed wontons in simmering broth. Cook 5 minutes, until wontons are tender and translucent. Remove from heat and stir in scallions., ingredients: [6 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup shredded cabbage, 12 cup shredded or diced cooked pork, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 16 wonton wrappers, 14 cup chopped scallions], title: Wonton Soup, picturelink: zaV3DtSRclU5O6F2B44CZuhS5O6NK}, 49685: {instructions: For the dough: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles coarse sand with some peasize pieces of butter, about 20 pulses. Add the cream cheese and sour cream and pulse until it comes together in a rough dough, with some uneven pebblesize pieces. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and divide into four equal portions. Pat each portion into a flat square and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for 15 minutes.nFor the filling: Meanwhile, chop the hazelnuts in a clean food processor. Add the preserves, raisins and salt and puree to make a very smooth paste.nRoll a portion of dough into a 6 by 14inch rectangle about 14 inch thick. Dont worry about slightly rough edges these will be rolled inside of the rugelach. Spread onequarter of the filling over the surface with a small spatula. Starting with a long side, roll the dough up into a tight cylinder, ending with the seam on the bottom. Press the top slightly to flatten and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for another 15 minutes. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. The cylinders can be frozen for up to a month.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and evenly position the racks. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nSlice the cylinders into 1 12inch pieces and place seamside down on the prepared sheets. Whisk the egg yolks together and brush over the tops. Sprinkle with sugar and bake until pale golden and crispy on top, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool slightly on the baking sheets. Carefully transfer the rugelach to a rack to cool. Store in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, cut in pieces and chilled, 8 ounces cream cheese, cut in pieces and chilled, 2 tablespoons sour cream or Greek yogurt, Filling:, 34 cup hazelnuts, toasted, 1 cup apricot preserves, 23 cup golden raisins, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar], title: Golden Rugelach, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 49686: {instructions: Break down chickens to get 4 breasts on the bone with skin and 4 legthigh pieces. Trim all fat and skin from the carcasses and hack into small pieces.nIn a small bowl, combine chili powder, ground cumin, fennel pollen, white pepper, and fine salt. Rub all over chicken breasts, cover and keep refrigerated.nPreheat an outdoor grill for indirect grilling. Season chicken legs with salt and pepper, wrap in aluminum foil to form a pouch. Grill away from the heat source until chicken is very tender, about 1 hour.nPlace the chicken bones, dried mushrooms, carrots, celery, onion and salt in cheesecloth and tie off with twine. Add beer and water to stock pot and toss in tied up bones. Bring to a boil and lower to a simmer. Simmer for 2 hours. Remove tied up bones.nAfter the legs have cooked for 1 hour, remove from grill. Discard skin and bones, shred chicken meat and set aside. Place dry rubbed chicken breast on grill skin side down over direct heat. Grill chicken, turning once, until cooked through about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Meanwhile, in a saucepan, heat Barbecue Sauce to simmering. Stir in leg meat.nWhen the dish is 5 minutes away from finished, measure out 4 cups hot stock into a clean saucepan. Return to simmer, add white rice, cover and remove from heat. Let sit 5 minutes, then fluff with a fork.nSlice chicken breast, serve over rice with leg meat and Corn and Black Bean Salsa.nCombine all ingredients in a large bowl.nIn a mixing bowl, toss all of the ingredients together and let sit for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 3 12 to 4pound chickens, 1 heaping teaspoon hot chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon fennel pollen, Dash ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 5 dried morel mushrooms, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 carrots, peeled cut into chunks, 2 onions, peeled and cut into chunks, 3 stalks celery, cut into chunks, 26 ounces beer, 1 12 quarts water, Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 4 cups instant white rice, Black Bean and Corn Salsa, recipe follows, 23 cup ketchup recommended: Heinz, 4 ounces beer, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon hot chili powder, 2 15ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained, 6 ounces frozen corn, thawed, 1 large beef steak tomato, seeded and finely diced, 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 cup tomato juice, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 1 lime, juiced], title: Black and Gold Chicken with Dirty Rice and Black Bean and Corn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 49687: {instructions: Mix the 2 cabbages together in a large colander. Salt cabbage generously and put in the sink to drain for about 1 hour. Rinse cabbage under cold water and pat very dry. Mix the carrot with the cabbage.nToast celery seeds in a dry skillet over medium heat cool. Whisk the mayonnaise, mustard, brown sugar, pineapple juice, buttermilk, celery seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, to taste, and cayenne in a large bowl. Add the cabbage, tossing to coat. Serve immediately or refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [12 head green cabbage about 1 pound, shredded on a box grater, 12 head purple cabbage about 1 pound, shredded, Kosher salt, plus 1 teaspoon, 1 carrot, shredded 1 cup, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 12 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons pineapple juice, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne], title: Healthy Chopped Slaw, picturelink: mxFw62xOEJba8LEgY2YLSsuuPmuc1.}, 49688: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the crabmeat, lime zest, and enough mayonnaise to evenly coat the crab. Taste for seasoning. Arrange a layer of lettuce leaves or thinly sliced cucumbers on 4 salad plates. Place the crabmeat in a mound atop the lettuce or cucumbers. Serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh lump crabmeat, 2 limes, zest grated, 5 or 6 tablespoons mayonnaise, Fine sea salt, Freshly ground white pepper to taste, Several lettuce leaves or thinly slice cucumbers, for garnish], title: Pics Fresh Crab Salad with Lime Zest, picturelink: null}, 49689: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLight charcoal briquettes in a grill and brush the grilling rack with oil to keep the salmon from sticking.nWhile the grill is heating, lay the salmon skin side down on a cutting board and cut it crosswise into 4 equal pieces. Whisk together the mustard, soy sauce, olive oil, and garlic in a small bowl. Drizzle half of the marinade onto the salmon and allow it to sit for 10 minutes.nPlace the salmon skin side down on the hot grill discard the marinade the fish was sitting in. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish. Turn carefully with a wide spatula and grill for another 4 to 5 minutes. The salmon will be slightly raw in the center, but dont worry it will keep cooking as it sits.nTransfer the fish to a flat plate, skin side down, and spoon the reserved marinade on top. Allow the fish to rest for 10 minutes. Remove the skin and serve warm, at room temperature, or chilled., ingredients: [1 side fresh salmon, boned but skin on about 3 pounds, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons good soy sauce, 6 tablespoons good olive oil, 12 teaspoon minced garlic], title: Asian Grilled Salmon, picturelink: k8DpIXs5Xq.vPhtzz0smuH5fJMdCxy}, 49690: {instructions: Blanch the onion slices in boiling salted water for 45 seconds, then drain and place in a medium sized bowl. Coarse grind the peppercorns and cumin in a mortar or spice grinder, and add to the onions. Add the remaining ingredients plus enough water to barely cover. Stir well and let stand for several hours until the onions turn bright pink. Covered and refrigerated, the onions last several weeks., ingredients: [1 small red onion, peeled and sliced 18inch thick, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 14 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and halved, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup cider vinegar], title: Pickled Red Onions, picturelink: null}, 49691: {instructions: Break the eggs into a large mixing bowl, reserving 2 yolks in a separate bowl. To the large mixing bowl add the fines herbes, salt, and pepper. Combine with a whisk.nCombine the heavy cream and the mustard with the reserved egg yolks and mix well.nIn a heavy saute pan over mediumlow heat, melt the butter. When the butter is melted, add the whole egg mixture and cook, stirring constantly, until creamy and slightly thickened.nAdd the yolk mixture and the tomatoes to the slightly thickened egg mixture And remove from the heat while continuing to stir constantly. The heat in the pan will continue to cook the eggs. Perfectly scrambled eggs should be creamy with very soft curds. Sprinkle with the chives and serve., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fines herbes chervil, parsley, tarragon, and chives, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 or 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 small tomatoes, peeled, seeded, diced, and drained, 1 teaspoon chopped chives], title: Scrambled Eggs with Fines Herbes and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 49692: {instructions: Preheat oil for frying and oven to 350 degrees. Dredge the lotus root in flour and deep fry until crispy. In a separate bowl mix the tomatoes, fernshoots, and green onions. In saute pan sweat the ginger and add the tomato mixture. Season. Take off the stove and leave at room temperature.nIn a small mixing bowl, mix the nuts and the bread crumbs. Season the fish with salt and pepper and dredge in flour, dip in egg and then dip in nut mixture. Make sure the fish is evenly coated. In a small teflon saute pan heat oil and saute and brown both sides and place in oven until cooked through. Place tomato mixture on plate with fish served on top. Garnish with lotus chips., ingredients: [2 cups oil for frying, 8 pieces lotus root, very thinly sliced, Flour for dredging, 6 vine ripened tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 cup fernshoots, fresh from Waipio optional, 4 green onions, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, Salt and white pepper to taste, 1 cup pistachios, chopped finely, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 4 fillets 6 ounces each, Opah moonfish, or substitute salmon, 12 cup flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil], title: Opah Baked in a Pistachio Crust with Ginger Essence, picturelink: null}, 49693: {instructions: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSeason the pork with salt and pepper. Place in a braising pan and add the onion, vinegar, and BBQ sauce. Toss well. Braise for 3 hours, covered, until fork tender. Remove meat with a slotted spoon and pull with forks until shredded. Add braising liquid, to taste. Cool.nFor the slaw: Mix the mayonnaise, vinegar, sugar, celery salt, garlic salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Add the vegetables and mix thoroughly. Let sit 10 to 15 minutes before serving.nFor the egg rolls: In large saucepan, heat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. Add enough oil to keep the egg rolls from touching the bottom of the pan.nIn a shallow bowl, beat the eggs and milk together and set aside.nWith the corner of the wrappers facing you, place approximately 112th of the pulled pork on each wrapper. Place a dollop of coleslaw on top. Fold the corner over the filling, and then fold the outside corners in, making a roll a 4 to 5inches wide. Roll firmly, being careful to not tear wrapper, and seal the final end with egg wash.nDredge the roll in egg wash, allow excess to drain off, and submerge the roll in the hot oil. Fry until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and cut on an angle, if desired., ingredients: [2pound pork butt, cut into 4 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red onion, diced, 34 cup white vinegar, 1 bottle BBQ sauce, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bag preshredded coleslaw mix, 12 red onion, halved, 4 cups vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 3 tablespoons milk, 12 egg roll wrappers], title: Pulled Pork Egg Rolls, picturelink: IyiH82CiUkIbMU1HFhcxmTWBrlLjVQG}, 49694: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saute pan over moderate heat, cook the lamb until browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the lamb to a small bowl. Brush the pita bread using the fat in the pan. Cut each pita into 8 wedges and place on a sheet pan. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes.nIn a shallow baking dish, layer half the pita wedges, half the lamb, half the hummus and half the feta. Make 1 more layer in the same order. Bake the nachos in middle of the oven until the cheese is melted, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with parsley. Serve immediately.nBYOC: Use your favorite hummus try lemon or garlic if you prefer no heat., ingredients: [34 pound ground lamb, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 whole wheat pitas, 1 cup prepared spicy hummus, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Middle Eastern Nachos, picturelink: u.XWyGW5l.iwfVLnctBncKoqbwxMJP2}, 49695: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450u00b0F or grill to mediumhigh.nCenter onefourth of onion slices and carrots on each sheet of Reynolds Wrapu00ae NonStick Foil. Top with salmon. Sprinkle with ginger drizzle with vinegar and oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste.nBring up foil sides. Double fold top and ends to seal packet, leaving room for heat circulation inside. Repeat to make four packets.nBake 16 to 20 minutes on a cookie sheet in oven or grill 14 to 18 minutes in a covered grill., ingredients: [4 thin onion slices, separated in rings, 2 medium carrots, cut in julienne strips or shredded, 4 salmon filets 4 to 6 oz. each, thawed, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Salt and pepper, Fresh spinach leaves], title: Ginger Sesame Salmon Packets, picturelink: oz1sITWYcIbsINyhVALltH5hCERkAEK}, 49696: {instructions: Fill a huge stock pot, preferably fitted with a basket insert, with about 4 quarts of water. Keep in mind that when you add the solid ingredients the water level will rise, so dont fill the pot up more than 12 way. Squeeze the lemon juice into the water, tossing in the halves too. Add the bay leaves, salt, seasoning, onions, and garlic bring the broth to a boil over mediumhigh heat and simmer for 10 minutes. You want a very aromatic broth with plenty of salt and spices taste it, dont be afraid to make it strong so some of that flavor can penetrate and get absorbed by the potatoes and stuff.nAdd the potatoes to the pot to give them a head start and simmer for 10 minutes. Now add the corn and sausage cook another 10 minutes, making sure everything stays covered with the liquid. Toss in the crawfish and shut off the heat. Cover the pot and let the crawfish steep in the flavor for 15 minutes. Drain and spread the crawfish, sausage, corn, potatoes, and onions out on a table thats covered with newspaper. Serve with lemons, hot sauce, and plenty of napkins., ingredients: [2 lemons, halved, plus more for serving, 3 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup Old bay seasoning or Zatarains shrimp boil, 4 medium onions, quartered, 1 head garlic, halved, 3 pounds red new potatoes, medium to large, 4 ears sweet corn, halved, 2 pounds smoked sausage, such as andouille or kielbasa, 2 to 3 pounds live crawfish, Hot pepper sauce, for serving], title: Creole Crawfish Boil, picturelink: null}, 49697: {instructions: Cook small new potatoes in boiling water until tender. It is best to chill them overnight and then cut them in half the next day. Use a melon baller and scoop out the center of potatoes. Arrange them in basket or on a platter and serve with assorted condiments such as shredded cheddar cheese, sour cream, scallions, bacon bits, whipped butter, caviar, sea salt and cracked black pepper., ingredients: [25 small new potatoes, 2 cups cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 cups sour cream, 3 bunches scallions, chopped finely, 2 cups bacon bits, 1 cup whipped butter, 3 to 4 ounces caviar, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper], title: New Potato Bar, picturelink: null}, 49698: {instructions: In a heavy 4quart stockpot, heat the oil over low heat. Add the onion and fry until soft and clear, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to fry for another 3 to 5 minutes. Add the rice and stir well. Fry slowly without moving it too much, about 10 minutes. Stir in the hot chicken stock and the hierbabuena or mint. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover and let cook for 15 to 20 minutes, or until all the stock is absorbed. Do not peek at or stir the rice during the cooking process.nCut the plantains in half. Cut each half lengthwise into 14inch thick slices about 4 to 5 slices. In an 8inch castiron frying pan, heat the oil until smoking. Add the plantains and fry 3 to 5 minutes on each side or until brown. Remove them from the oil and drain on paper towels. Mound the rice on a plate or a platter and serve with the fried plantains on top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sunflower or vegetable oil, 12 cup chopped white onion, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 2 cups white rice, 4 cups chicken stock, heated, 2 sprigs fresh hierbabuena or 2 tablespoons mint leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 pound ripe plantains, peeled, 1 cup sunflower or vegetable oil], title: Arroz Blanco con PlATanos Fritos White Rice with Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 49699: {instructions: In a medium saute pan over medium heat, add butter and brown sugar. Mix and let melt together. Remove pan from flame and stir in the orange liqueur. Remove from the heat and torch the top of the orange sauce using a long kitchen match. Flame will die down after a minute.nIn serving bowls, add 2 scoops of ice cream and pour the sauce on top. Garnish with an orange slice., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 34 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoon orange liqueur, Vanilla ice cream, Orange slices, for garnish], title: Big Girl PushUps, picturelink: rQTBpYyKdJ98eH8aYZmR.mNQJvqBqCK}, 49700: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a medium skillet. Add the onion and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cumin and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the beans, broth and 12 teaspoon of salt and cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Transfer the bean mixture to the small bowl of a food processor and process until smooth.nPut the lettuce, cilantro, the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil, lime juice, a pinch of salt and a few turns of pepper in a medium bowl and toss to coat.nWrap the tortillas in paper towel and heat in the microwave for 30 seconds.nTo build the burrito, spread 13 cup of the bean puree in the center of a warm tortilla. Sprinkle with about 2 teaspoons of jalapeno. Top with 12 cup of shredded chicken, then 12 cup of the lettuce mixture and 2 slices of avocado. Wrap into a burrito. Repeat with the remaining tortillas.nServe with the salsa and yogurt alongside.nExcellent source of: Fiber, Niacin, Protein, Thiamin, Vitamin A, Vitamin C, Vitamin KnGood source of: Folate, Iron, Magnesium, Phosphorus, Potassium, Riboflavin, Selenium, Vitamin B6, Zinc, ingredients: [4 teaspoons olive oil, 1 small onion, diced, 2 cloves of garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 15ounce can of lowsodium white beans, rinsed and drained, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 teaspoon, plus a pinch, of salt, 2 cups lightly packed shredded romaine lettuce about 3 large leaves, 13 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 whole wheat flour tortillas about 9 inches in diameter, 2 cups shredded cooked chicken, skinless a breast and thigh of a rotisserie chicken, 1 jalapeno finely diced, 12 ripe avocado, thinly sliced, 12 cup tomatillo salsa, 12 cup lowfat Greekstyle yogurt], title: Chicken and Bean Burrito Verde, picturelink: l1.ojKb3TC3GO0Dbgi6fbJsa.rErjO}, 49701: {instructions: Sprinkle the cornstarch over 12 cup of the milk in a small bowl and whisk to dissolve. Add the sugar and egg yolks and whisk well.nIn a heavybottomed medium saucepan over low heat, bring the remaining 2 cups of the milk and the vanilla bean just to a simmer. Remove the bean, scrape the vanilla seeds into the milk, and discard the bean. Gradually whisk the egg yolk mixture into the milk.nCook, whisking often, until the sauce comes to a full boil, about 3 minutes. If using vanilla extract, stir it in now. Strain through a wire sieve into a bowl. Serve warm.nAdd to the vanilla cream the chopped chocolate chunks and a boiled cup of milk. Mix until smooth. Any flavor can be added raspberry, cinnamon, holiday ginger spice, marshmallows. The semisweet chocolate can be substituted with milk or white chocolate., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 12 cups milk, divided, 12 cup sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 7 ounces 2 chocolate bars semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup milk, boiled], title: Workaholics Hot Chocolate, picturelink: kxApkFI1BtPsDtCNLNKQtYEVnTCya}, 49702: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a sheet tray or line with parchment paper.nClean the mushroom caps with a damp paper towel. Carefully break off the stems and, using the tip of a spoon, hollow out the center of the mushrooms.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the sausage, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon. Transfer the cooked sausage to a paper towellined plate to cool.nAdd the white chopped scallions to the skillet and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the scallions to the sausage and cool.nWhen the sausage and scallion mixture is no longer hot, stir in the Parmesan, breadcrumbs, salt, pepper and softened cream cheese. The mixture should be very thick. Using a small spoon, fill each mushroom cap with a generous amount of the stuffing. Top with additional Parmesan if desired. Arrange the mushroom caps evenly on the prepared sheet tray.nPlace in the oven and bake until the mushrooms are piping hot and liquid starts to form under the caps, 20 minutes. Garnish with the reserved green scallions., ingredients: [24 large whole fresh mushrooms, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, 2 bunches scallions, chopped, green parts reserved, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for topping, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened], title: Sausage Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: 2BmhQ3lgpEYUmxjWKRz2wkAuQE1.O6y}, 49703: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the artichokes and all other ingredients except chopped parsley into a medium bowl. Toss together and put into a Dutch oven. Bring to a boil on top of the stove, cover with aluminum foil and place in the oven. Cook until soft, about 1 hour. Serve sprinkled with parsley.nNote: The artichokes will keep for up to 3 weeks, refrigerated, in the cooking liquid., ingredients: [6 artichokes hearts, cleaned and quartered 24 count, 1 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons finely chopped thyme, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 ounces white wine, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Lemon Braised Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 49704: {instructions: Simmer heavy cream with 1 cup of corn and caraway for 6 to 8 minutes. Puree in food processor and strain.nUsing egg scissors, remove the top of 12 brown eggs. In a bowl, whisk 4 eggs, slowly adding cream to the bowl while whisking. Reserve remaining eggs for another use. Season with salt and pepper.nRinse the inner shells of all 12 shells and remove any loose shell with your fingers. If egg scissors arent available, use serrated knife. Place eggshells back in original cardboard container not styrofoam and fill 23 of the way with egg and cream mixture.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the eggs, in the cardboard container, in a baking pan with 1inch of water. Cover with foil. Bake for 35 minutes. Cut salmon slices into thin strips or julienne. Toss strips with chives, salt, pepper, and lemon zest. Top each egg with the seasoned julienne salmon. Serve with an espresso spoon and a cocktail fork, in an eggcup or a bed of salt., ingredients: [1 pint heavy cream, 1 12 cups corn kernels, fresh or frozen, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 12 brownshelled eggs, 8 ounces sliced smoked salmon, 14 cup chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon zest], title: Corn Flan with Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 49705: {instructions: Slice smoked salmon, lay it in parchment paper. Make a mousse with cream cheese and chives: blend in a food processor 12 cup cream cheese and 2 ounces chives until well blended, then refrigerate. Slice potatoes, with skin on, horizontally and toss in olive oil, grill until cooled, reserve on plate and let cool at room temperature. Mix ceviche ingredients and let rest for ten minutes. Put one roasted red pepper cleaned in blender with olive oil, and puree for one minute. Assemble on the bottom of the plate. Put one tablespoon chive mousse, 2 pieces of potato, cooled on top and then place a slice of smoked salmon on top, repeat one more time, then top with salmon rosette. Garnish the plate with a spoonful of ceviche, red pepper coulis and dill., ingredients: [12 ounces smoked salmon, 1 bunch chives, sliced in half, 12 cup cream cheese, 12 cup jicama, cut in a fine brunoise, 1 cup corn, 2 red peppers, cut in a fine brunoise, 1 red onion, cut in a fine brunoise, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 orange, 1 lime, 3 Idaho potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 roasted red pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Dill, for garnish], title: House Smoked Salmon, Potato, Grilled Stack, with Chive Mousse, garnished with Vegetable Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 49706: {instructions: Dig a shallow pit in the sand and line with large stones. Gather driftwood from the beach and pile on top of the coals. Create a bonfire by burning the wood for 1 to 2 hours until the rocks are red hot. Rack off the ashes. Set 1 cinder block on each corner of the pit to form the base. Lay a barbecue grate or a piece of steel on top to make a table. Gather seaweed from the beach and place a thick layer on the metal.nPlace the potatoes and corn on the rack, then cover with a thin layer of seaweed. Mound the lobster tails, claws and kielbasa evenly on top, then cover with another thin layer of seaweed. Set the clams and flounder on top and cover with another layer of seaweed. Finally, set the oysters on top, then cover with a thick layer of seaweed. The juice from the seafood will drip down and flavor the corn and potatoes. Cover the entire bake with burlap or a tarp soaked in seawater. The tarp traps in the seaweed steam and bakes the food. Keep the tarp wet by pouring seawater over the top if needed. Cook until the clams open and the lobster is bright red, about 1 to 1 12 hours., ingredients: [8 purple potatoes, 8 ears corn, 8 lobster tails, 16 lobster claws, 2 kielbasa, split and cut in 8 pieces, 8 dozen hardshell clams, such as cherrystone or littleneck, 2 whole flounders, wrapped in aluminum foil with thyme, oil, and lemon slices, 8 dozen oysters], title: Beach Blanket Clambake, picturelink: null}, 49707: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and sweat the onion and garlic. Add the wine, raise the heat to high, and reduce the liquid completely. Reduce the heat to medium, add the stock and half of the roasted peppers, poblano, garlic, shallots and pearl onions, reserve the remaining vegetables, simmer for 30 minutes. Pure the mixture in a blender or processor, or in the pan with a handheld blender. Season to taste with salt and pepper and honey. Place a fillet in a bowl and ladle the broth around it. Garnish with the remaining roasted vegetables and sage pesto.nIn a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil until it begins to smoke and then add the butter. Season the fillets with salt and pepper to taste on both sides and cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nIn a food processor, combine the sage, parsley, garlic, pine nuts and cheese and process for 20 seconds, slowly adding the olive oil while the machine is running. Transfer to a mixing bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely diced red onion, 2 cloves finely chopped garlic, 1 cup white wine, 3 cups fish stock, 1 roasted red bell pepper, seeded and peeled and thinly sliced, 1 roasted yellow bell pepper, seeded and peeled and thinly sliced, 1 roasted poblano, seeded and peeled and thinly sliced, 8 cloves roasted garlic, 12 roasted shallots, 12 roasted pearl onions, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 halibut fillets, 6 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 sage leaves, 12 cup parsley leaves, 2 garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: PanFried Halibut Fillets with Roasted Vegetable Chile Broth, picturelink: null}, 49708: {instructions: Make tequila syrup: Combine all syrup ingredients. Place on medium heat until sugar dissolves. Chill until cold.nMake triple sec whipped cream garnish: Combine whipped cream ingredients and beat to stiff peaks. Pipe rosettes on waxed paperlined pan. Freeze.nMake soup: In a food processor place 3 cups of watermelon. Pour out excess juice and reserve. Puree watermelon until smooth. In a bowl combine the melon puree, the reserved juice, 1 12 cups tequila syrup, 14 cup tequila, juice of two limes and chill. In another small bowl combine 4 tablespoons diced melons for garnish, 1 tablespoon triple sec, and lime zest and chill. To serve, place whipped cream garnish in the bottom of a Kosher saltrimmed bowl or glass. Pour 6 ounces of soup into the bowl or glass. Garnish with 1 tablespoon of the diced melons and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup tequila, 34 cup water, 14 cup triple sec, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons watermelon juice, 2 tablespoons triple sec, 3 cups watermelon, seeded and diced, 2 12 cups melon puree approximately 3 cups watermelons, seeded, diced, pureed, and strained until smooth, 1 12 cups tequila syrup, 14 cup tequila, 14 cup melon juice, 2 limes, juiced, 4 tablespoons melon red and yellow, diced, for garnish, 1 tablespoon triple sec, Zest of 1 lime blanched in tequila syrup], title: Tequila Spiked Watermelon Soup, picturelink: null}, 49709: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow roasting pan with cooking spray.nSeason both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper and place in prepared pan. Arrange shallots and tomatoes around chicken or on a second baking sheet thats been coated with cooking spray. Toss with olive oil and season with salt and black pepper. Roast 30 minutes, until chicken is golden brown and cooked through and vegetables are tender.nSet aside 2 chicken breast halves for primavera.nIn a large skillet, combine beans, roasted shallots and tomatoes, 1 cup of the broth, thyme, and oregano. Set pan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer. Add chicken and simmer 1 minute to heat through. Remove from heat and top with parsley., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 6 shallots, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, Olive oil, 1 15ounce can white beans, drained, 1 14 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, divided, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Chicken with Roasted Shallots, Tomatoes and White Beans, picturelink: QMAoi58T6P627ekyNGArPKvqMqbmusm}, 49710: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place ham on a rack over a roasting pan and roast for 10 minutes per pound. When there is approximately 12 hour more to cook remove ham from oven and cut off the skin if it has not already been removed by the butcher exposing the fat and score the fat in a diamond pattern. In a small saucepan mix together the brown sugar, mustard and allspice and heat until the sugar melts. Spread the sugar mixture over the ham. Place ham back in the oven and roast for the final 30 minutes. Allow to rest for about 10 minutes before carving. Serve with mustard and horseradish., ingredients: [12 wet cured, smoked ham, about 5 to 7 12 pounds, 1 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons coarse grain mustard, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, Prepared mustard, Prepared horseradish], title: Glazed Ham, picturelink: null}, 49711: {instructions: Break 4 candy canes into small pieces and set aside. Mix together the cranberry juice, champagne, sugar and yogurt in a bowl. Fold in the candy cane pieces and pour into a mold. Put the whole candy cane into the liquid and set in freezer., ingredients: [4 candy canes broken into small pieces, 1 cup cranberry juice, 14 cup champagne, 2 teaspoons super fine sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla yogurt, 10 candy canes], title: Candy Cane Ice Cream Pops, picturelink: null}, 49712: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 piece parchment papernPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, cream, salt, and black pepper.nSpray a large, rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Lay a piece of parchment paper on the baking sheet, making sure the parchment paper is long enough to hang over the length of the sheet pan.nSpray the parchment paper with cooking spray and pour the eggs into the sheet pan. Bake until the eggs are firm, about 15 to 18 minutes, rotating the pan half way through the cooking time.nRemove the eggs from the oven when they are set and sprinkle the cheese on top.nGrab one side of the parchment paper, lift and roll the eggs tightly, jelly rollstyle, peeling back the parchment as you go.nSlice the rolled omelet into thick, even slices and serve with Bacon Roasted Potatoes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a rimmed baking sheet, combine the potatoes, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Toss the mixture to evenly coat. Roast the potatoes in the oven until deep golden brown and crispy, about 20 to 25 minutes.nIn a large, heavybottomed pot, heat the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat, until deepfry thermometer reads 350 degrees F.nFry the bacon chunks until golden and crispy, and then drain them on a paper towel.nIn a large saute pan, add 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil. When the butter is melted, add the onions. Saute the onions over highheat until nicely caramelized, about 6 to 8 minutes. Season the onions with salt, and pepper, to taste.nIn a large bowl, gently stir together the potatoes, onions and bacon. Turn the mixture out onto a platter and serve warm., ingredients: [18 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese, Bacon Roasted Potatoes, recipe follows, 3 cups fingerling potatoes, halved, 4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup applewood smoked bacon slab, cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups onion, sliced thick], title: Cheddar Cheese Rolled Omelet with Bacon Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: VQBMhGELszf6BJOidRuX9MsG2uHxW4G}, 49713: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 12 12inch baking sheet pan, line with parchment paper, and butter the paper.nFinely grate the skin zest off all 3 clementines, making sure you peel only the orange skin and not the bitter white pith. Puree the zest with 14 cup of the sugar in a food processor until minced, about 1 to 2 minutes.nWhisk the flour, cornstarch, and salt in a bowl. In a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter with the remaining 12 cup sugar on medium, until light and fluffy, about 8 minutes. Add the clementinesugar mixture and beat for another minute. While mixing on low speed, add the dry ingredients and mix just until combined. Do not overwork the dough. Transfer dough to prepared pan, spreading it out as evenly as possible. Cover with plastic wrap, then press and flatten using your hands over the top to smooth and even out the dough. Cut the dough into bars about 1 by 3 inches with a sharp knife, while still in the pan. Prick a decorative pattern in the shortbreads with a fork or a wooden skewer. Bake until golden, about 1 hour and 10 to 20 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes and then recut the bars along the previous cuts. Let cool completely on racks. Store the cookies in a sealed container for up to 2 weeks.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [3 clementine oranges or small tangerines, washed and dried, 34 cup sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 34 pound unsalted butter 3 sticks, softened], title: Citrus Shortbreads, picturelink: ceSsf1TPLIFOloNVAN8TplbBb8jfY5S}, 49714: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the root end off the entire head of garlic and turn it upside down, wrapping it in aluminum foil and molding the foil so it supports the garlic to allow the cut end to stand upright in the oven. Pour 1 tablespoon of the olive oil on the garlic reserving the other tablespoon so it slips between the skin and the cloves and wrap with the foil so it is enclosed. Roast for about 1 hour and set aside until it is cool enough to handle.nBring a large pot of water to boiling for the pasta. Salt the water and boil until al dente. Drain and set aside.nHeat the milk in a small saucepot and keep warm. Squeeze the garlic cloves into a small bowl and mash them. Add a small amount of the warm milk to this bowl and whisk until smooth.nIn a separate large saute pan, heat the remaining tablespoon of olive oil over medium high heat and saute the shallot until translucent. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and allow most of the wine to evaporate, then reduce heat to low, and add the garlic mixture. Whisk the goat cheese and Parmesan into the remaining hot milk, and add this to the pan with the garlic and wine sauce and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Fold the drained pasta into the pan of sauce, transfer to serving dish and garnish with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 whole head garlic, 1 pound penne pasta, 1 cup milk, 1 shallot, minced, 12 cup white wine, 3 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 13 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 small parsley sprigs], title: Sweet Garlic and Goat Cheese Penne, picturelink: ..i8z9fQ9T.jv1tBINRXrBSAJ9VxTm2}, 49715: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the pie crust: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour, salt, sugar and butter pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add cold water, 1 tablespoon at a time, and pulse until the dough is crumbly yet holds together when squeezed. Divide into two disks, wrap in plastic and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nFor the cherry filling: In a large bowl add the sour cherries, sugar, salt, cornstarch and lemon juice. Mix to combine. Set aside.nOn a floured surface, roll the chilled disks of pie dough into 14inch rounds wrap one around a rolling pin and gently place it without stretching in a 9inch pie pan. Using kitchen shears, trim the edges to fit over the sides of the pie pan. Fill with the cherry pie filling.nFor the lattice crust, cut the remaining rolled pie crust into 1inch stripsu00bfyou should have enough for 10 strips. Lay 5 parallel strips on top of the pie filling, leaving 12 inch between each strip fold back every other strip.nPlace one long strip perpendicular to the parallel strips. Unfold the folded strips over the perpendicular strip. Take the strips underneath the perpendicular strip and fold them back. Lay down a second perpendicular strip next to the first one and, again, unfold the folded parallel strips. Repeat with the remaining perpendicular strips. Crimp the strips of dough down and under to seal the crusts together.nBrush the crust with egg wash. Place the pie in the oven and bake until the crust is golden, 1 hour. Remove to a wire rack and let cool for 1 hour before serving. Serve with scoops of vanilla ice cream rolled in sprinkles., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 to 12 cup icecold water, 1 egg plus 2 tablespoons water, for egg wash, 2 pounds jarred sour cherries, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, Sprinkles, for serving], title: Cherry Pie with Ice Cream Sprinkle Balls, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 49716: {instructions: Squeeze the juice from one and a half lemons and reserve. Cut the remaining half lemon into very thin slices. Remove seeds and set the lemon slices aside.nSeason the chicken scallopini with salt and pepper. Dredge in flour, coating both sides, and tap the excess flour off. Heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil and 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add as many scallopini into the pan that will fit without touching, and cook until golden brown, approximately 3 minutes. Flip and cook second side until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Remove scallopini and drain on paper towel.nWhen done with the scallopini, wipe off the fat from the skillet with paper towels. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of olive oil, butter, garlic, and lemon juice and slices to the skillet. Cook, scraping the bottom until garlic is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Scoop out the lemon slices and set aside. Add the caper berries and olives and cook, stirring gently for about 4 minutes. Pour in wine and bring to a boil. Cook until the wine is reduced by half. Add the chicken stock and boil until slightly syrupy. Return the scallopini to the skillet and coat each piece in the sauce. Add parsley and swirl into sauce.nDivide scallopini onto separate plates. Spoon the sauce over, and add the caper berries and olives around scallopini. Add some of the spinach on the side. Finish by decorating each plate with reserved lemon slices on top of the scallopini.nHeat olive oil in large skillet over medium heat. Crush garlic cloves with the side of the knife and add to the oil. Cook until golden brown, approximately 2 minutes. Add the spinach in handfuls, and season lightly with salt and pepper, and cover pan. Cook until spinach releases its liquid. Uncover pan, and cook stirring until spinach is wilted and water has evaporated. Taste and season with additional salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 lemons, 4 chicken cutlets, pounded thinly into scallopini, Salt and pepper, Flour, for dredging, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 16 caper berries, 10 large green olives, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock or broth, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley, Sauteed Spinach, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 pounds spinach, Salt and pepper], title: Classic Lemon Chicken with Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 49717: {instructions: For the cookies: In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the shortening and granulated sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the molasses, vinegar and egg and beat on high speed to blend thoroughly.nSift together the ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, salt and 4 cups of the flour in a separate bowl. Add the dry ingredients to the creamed shortening and sugar and mix to make a firm, manageable dough, adding more flour if needed. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate until firm, about 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly spray 2 baking sheets with cooking spray.nSpray a rolling pin with cooking spray and lightly flour your work surface. Roll the dough to 18inch thickness and cut it into desired shapes with a knife or cookie cutters. You can reroll the scraps to make a few more cookies. Place the cookies 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets and bake for 5 to 6 minutes. Cool the cookies for 2 minutes on the baking sheets before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough.nFor the royal icing: Beat the egg whites and 13 cup of the confectioners sugar with a wire whisk or the whisk attachment of your mixer. Add another 13 cup sugar and the cream of tartar and beat 10 minutes longer. Add the remaining sugar and beat until the mixture is smooth and thick. The icing can be tinted as desired with food coloring.nIce the cooled cookies with the royal icing as desired., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup molasses, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 to 5 cups sifted allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, Nonstick cooking spray, for the baking sheets and rolling pin, 3 large egg whites, room temperature or equivalent meringue powder, 2 12 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Food color, for tinting, optional], title: Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 49718: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBreak the baguette in pieces and soak in a bowl with milk for 10 minutes until the bread is soft. In a second bowl mix the beef and pork together. Twist up half the parsley and the basil into a little pile, roughly chop it and add to the meat. Add garlic and mix thoroughly with your hands. Squeeze the milk out of the bread and add it in small pieces. Add eggs, Parmesan, ground pinenuts, salt, and pepper and mix everything together thoroughly. Shape the meatballs into large patties then roll them in the bread crumbs.nIn a large skillet heat the olive oil over medium high heat until it begins to smoke slightly. Fry the meatballs to seal the crust, flip them over so both sides are done. Transfer to a large baking dish.nAdd a splash of oil to pan and fry the mushrooms on a low heat until they start to caramelize. Cut the tomatoes in 12 and handcrush them into a separate bowl. Drizzle with olive oil. Add salt and a few cranks of fresh cracked pepper and mix. Add to the mushrooms. Let everything simmer together and reduce slightly for about 10 minutes. Pour the tomatoes and mushrooms over the meatballs. Shred the remaining basil and parsley and the mozzarella over it. Drizzle with olive oil and add a few cranks of pepper. Bake for 25 to 35 minutes.nServe with Creamy Polenta.nIn a large saucepan bring the chicken stock to a slow simmer. Quickly whisk the cornmeal into the stock and lower the temperature to keep it from splattering. Stir in the cream, Parmesan, butter, and salt. Turn off the heat and keep in a warm place until the meatballs are ready.nYield: 6 servingsnCooking Time: 15 minutes, ingredients: [12 baguette, crust removed, 1 14 cups milk, 1 12 pounds ground beef sirloin, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 12 bunch fresh parsley, 12 bunch basil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 4 eggs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 13 cup ground pinenuts, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dried bread crumbs, 12 pound chanterelle mushrooms, 2 pints vineripened small tomatoes, 1 medium ball fresh mozzarella, Creamy Polenta, recipe follows, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 12 cups finely ground cornmeal, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons whole butter, Pinch sea salt], title: The Ultimate Meatballs al Forno with Creamy Polenta, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 49719: {instructions: In large pot melt butter. Add leeks and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Add potatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add water and bring to a simmer. Cook until vegetables are tender. Place 34 of soup into a blender and puree, return to pot and stir in cream. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 3 cups leeks, sliced and washed, 4 cups potatoes, peeled and diced, Salt and pepper, 8 cups water, 2 cup heavy cream], title: Potato Leek Soup Vichyssoise, picturelink: null}, 49720: {instructions: In a 5quart pot, combine the milk, stock, and garlic. Generously season the mixture with salt. Pour the grits into the cold liquid and bring the mixture to a boil, whisking constantly. Immediately reduce the heat to a simmer and continue to stir until the grits are soft and creamy, at least 20 minutes. If necessary, add more stock to continue cooking the grits. Stir in the butter, mascarpone, and herbs.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 2 12 cups vegetable stock, plus more if necessary, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups stone ground grits, Salt, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary], title: Creamy Mascarpone Herb Grits, picturelink: VSyHGNfXMVTdc70cpOsJHPZSFVls8SS}, 49721: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, combine the cream, halfandhalf, and vanilla bean, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt scorch on the bottom. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, set aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. Whisking constantly, slowly pour the stillhot cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. If you dont have a thermometer, test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat and whisk in the green tea. Meanwhile, halffill a large bowl with ice water. Strain the mixture into a smaller bowl to smooth it and remove the vanilla bean. Rest the smaller bowl in the ice water and let the mixture cool, stirring often, then continue according to the directions of your ice cream maker., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons green tea powder], title: Green Tea Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 49722: {instructions: Prepare grill for cooking. If using a charcoal grill, open vents on bottom of grill and on lid.nSqueeze enough juice from oranges to measure 5 tablespoons. Mash garlic to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt using a mortar and pestle or mince and mash with a large heavy knife, then whisk together with orange juice, 2 tablespoons oil, and 12 teaspoon oregano.nPat pork dry and rub each tenderloin with 12 tablespoon oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, and 14 teaspoon oregano.nWhen fire is hot you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 1 to 2 seconds, grill pork on lightly oiled grill rack, covered with lid, turning once, until an instantread thermometer inserted diagonally into center of each tenderloin registers 155 degrees F, 12 to 14 minutes total. Let pork stand 5 minutes before slicing.nServe pork drizzled with mojo sauce., ingredients: [2 juice oranges, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 2 34 pound pork tenderloins, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Mojo Sauce, picturelink: null}, 49723: {instructions: For the dough:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 baking sheets and set aside.nIn a mixer, beat the butter and sour cream until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the flour and salt until the dough comes together and pulls away from the side of the bowl. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nDivide dough into 4 even pieces and roll into 9 by 12inch pieces about 14inch thick. Set aside.nFor the filling:nIn a medium bowl, combine all 4 ingredients and mix until smooth. Divide the filling into 4 even portions, and spread even amounts of filling on each piece of rolled out dough, leaving a 1inch border. Roll lengthwise and transfer to a cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining pieces of dough, placing 2 rolls on each cookie sheet.nBake until golden at the edges, about 35 to 45 minutes. Slice while still warm into 1 to 2 inch slices. Cool completely on wire racks., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, plus extra for greasing baking sheets, 8 ounces sour cream, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 ounces apricot preserves, 3 ounces sweetened flaked coconut, 12 cup pecans or walnuts, coarsely chopped, 12 maraschino cherries, chopped], title: Czechoslovakia Cookie Rolls, picturelink: null}, 49724: {instructions: To make the dressing: Combine the olive oil, vinegar, goat cheese, shallot, 14 teaspoon salt and some freshly ground black pepper in a jar. Tightly close the lid and shake until thoroughly combined. Set aside.nTo make the salad: Combine the spring mix, romaine, tomatoes, radishes, pecans and goat cheese in a large bowl. Pour over the dressing and toss to combine. Adjust seasoning as needed. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon crumbled goat cheese, 12 small shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 ounces spring lettuce mix, 1 head romaine, chopped about 4 cups, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 cup sliced radishes, 1 cup pecans, 3 tablespoons crumbled goat cheese], title: Italian Flag Salad, picturelink: mv2C08lNCm.Oc6DbK2dhhmOmeItpLm}, 49725: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large nonstick skillet over moderate heat until hot, but not smoking, and lightly brown bread crumbs, stirring occasionally. Transfer to a large bowl. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute onion, stirring, until tender.nAdd garlic and saute, stirring, 1 minute. Add chopped mushroom stems, and salt and pepper, to taste, and saute, stirring, until tender, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, sage, and 14 cup wine and cook, stirring, until almost all liquid is evaporated. Set aside half of bread crumbs and stir mushroom mixture into remaining bread crumbs.nHeat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately low heat until hot but not smoking and cook mushroom caps, gill sides down, covered, 5 minutes. Turn mushroom caps over and add remaining 14 cup wine and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, covered, until just tender but still juicy and mound filling in caps.nHeat mushrooms until hot, about 3 minutes. Serve sprinkled with remaining bread crumbs., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 medium portobellos, stems finely chopped, 3 canned plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh sage, 12 cup dry white wine], title: Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 49726: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the potatoes with 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Place on a sheet pan and roast until fully cooked, about 30 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, start the clam sauce. In a medium pot, add the wine and shallots and cook until the wine has reduced by half. In a small pot, place the heavy cream and cook until reduced by half.nWhile the wine and the cream are reducing, scrub the clams thoroughly, rinse and drain in a colander. Add the clams to the reduced wine mixture and simmer until the clams open. Add the reduced cream, the butter, chives, parsley and black olives. Cook 1 minute more and remove from the heat. Check for seasoning and add more salt and pepper, if necessary. Cover and set aside.nBegin prepping the calamari. Sprinkle the calamari with salt and pepper. Set up 3 small bowls with the flour, beaten eggs and panko breadcrumbs. Dredge the seasoned calamari first into the flour, then the eggs and finally into the panko. Heat a large nonstick saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Saute the calamari steaks until golden brown, roughly 2 minutes per side. Finish in the oven for another 5 minutes.nAfter the potatoes and the calamari have cooked, remove from the oven, slice the calamari in half and set aside. Turn the oven up to broil. Toss the scallops with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt and pepper and lay out on a foillined sheet pan. Place in the broiler and cook until the scallops are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes.nIn the meantime, heat up the clam sauce over low heat. To serve place a few potatoes on the plate, follow with a calamari steak, then a scallop and pour the clam sauce along the side. Top with the Arugula Salad.nLightly toss the baby arugula in the olive oil, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 7 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bottle Riesling wine, 2 shallots, minced, 1 pint heavy cream, 20 manilla clams, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small bunch fresh chives, minced, 1 small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, minced, 1 small can pitted black olives, 2 whole calamari, cleaned, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 bag panko breadcrumbs, 4 large sea scallops, rinsed and dried, Arugula Salad, recipe follows, 8 ounces baby arugula, rinsed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: A Bologna  Calamari, Scallops and Clams with Roasted Fingerlings and Arugula Salad, picturelink: lYaKtjFAeSPToibz8Td3Xiv2gaultsy}, 49727: {instructions: In a large glass bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. Split the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape the seeds with the back side of a pairing knife. Add vanilla bean seeds to the egg yolk mixture and whisk to combine. Add wine, a little at a time, and whisk to combine. Add a pinch of salt and whisk again.nSet bowl over a pan of simmering water and whisk vigorously and constantly until the sauce is thick and fluffy, about 10 minutes.nPreheat the broiler.nPlace 12 cup berries in the bottom of 6 shallow individual gratin dishes or ovenproof bowls. Spoon an even amount of the sabayon over each dish. Sprinkle the remaining berries evenly over the dishes. Place the dishes on a sheet pan and place on the top shelf of the oven under the broiler. Broil until the sabayon is golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 1 cup Moscato dAsti or other sparkling wine, Pinch salt, 3 12 cups fresh raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, or sliced strawberries, Powdered sugar], title: Berry Sabayon Gratinee, picturelink: gvFqCvKquOz4psP7RcwxOpOXLTp76ya}, 49728: {instructions: Place 2 pots of water on to boil: 1 pasta pot with a few inches of water in it, 1 medium sauce pan with 1 12 cups of water in it. Cover both pots and bring all the water to a boil.nWhen the smaller pot of water comes to a boil, stir in rice and return water to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer. Place a colander over the pot and add the edamame to it. Place the pot cover over the edamame nesting it in the colander. Steam the edamame 5 minutes, then remove them to 2 small bowls, salt them and cover bowls with plastic or foil to keep warm. Set colander aside and return pot lid to rice, stirring rice before replacing the lid.nWhile the edamame are steaming, before removing them to the bowls, you have a pocket of time to work with. Add 12 cup, a couple of handfuls of Napa cabbage to the second pot of water. Blanch the shredded cabbage 1 minute and remove with a spider or tongs to paper towels to drain and cool. Chop shredded blanched cabbage. Combine meat, chopped salad shrimp, sake, ginger, 1 scallion, 1 tablespoon tamari, sesame oil, black pepper and cooled, chopped cabbage in a bowl. Place 2 teaspoons of filling on each won ton wrapper. Wet your fingertips to help seal won ton wrappers. The gyoza should look like small half moons.nPlace 1 or 2 Napa cabbage leaves into the bottom of the colander. The leaves will prevent your dumplings from sticking to the surface of colander. Arrange dumplings on Napa leaf in colander and steam over second larger pot of simmering water. Place large pot lid over the colander to trap the steam. Dumplings need to steam 10 to 12 minutes. While you are working on this, go back and forth with the edamame as necessary per above directions.nWhile dumplings work, slice the fillet steaks thinly across the grain. Toss with seasoning and teriyaki or tamari and sherry. Heat a nonstick skillet over high heat. Add oil and the meat and stirfry. When meat browns at edges, add scallions and cook 2 minutes more, stirring frequently.nUse remaining raw shredded Napa cabbage as a bed to serve your dumplings on. Plate all of your items on little dishes and in small bowls.nMix dipping sauce of tamari, mustard and vinegar for the gyoza and set out alongside dumplings.nWarm or cold sake, leftover from cooking, is the perfect beverage and chilled navel oranges or tangerines make a refreshing end to this meal., ingredients: [34 cup short grain rice, 2 cups edamame, soybeans, from the frozen vegetables section of large markets, 1 12 cups shredded Napa cabbage plus 1 large whole leaf, Coarse salt, 14 pound ground pork, 14 cup 300 count baby shrimp, a handful, chopped, 1 tablespoons sake, or a splash mirin may be substituted, 1 inch fresh ginger, minced, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon tamari dark aged soy, available on Asian food aisle of market, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, A few grinds black pepper, 12 gyoza or won ton wrappers, 2 fillet of beef steaks, 1 inch thick, 6 ounces each, 1 teaspoons steak seasoning or salt and pepper, 13 cup teriyaki sauce or 14 cup tamari dark soy mixed with 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 tablespoon light oil: wok oil, peanut oil or vegetable oil, 4 scallions chopped on an angle into 1 inch pieces, 3 tablespoons tamari dark soy, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon hot sweet mustard, from Asian foods aisle or other prepared mustard, 2 teaspoons rice wine or white vinegar], title: Passport to Japan: Edamame, Gyoza, Rice and Teriyaki Beef, picturelink: IZcYncSaOemd0DnD7XTQrAKRfwFWTBW}, 49729: {instructions: Make the beans: In a large bowl, add the beans and cover with cold water by 2 inches. Let the beans soak in the refrigerator overnight. Drain.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the adobo: In small bowl, whisk together cumin, coriander, salt, cayenne, and adobo seasoning.nAdd the garlic and bay leaves to the onion and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the beans, water, ham hocks, and half of the adobo. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the beans are very tender, about 2 hours. Remove the ham hocks and pull and shred the meat. Add the meat back to the stew and discard the bones. The stew can be made up to this point up to 3 days ahead.nMake the meat: In a large bowl, toss the sausages with the remaining adobo.nHeat the oil in a large castiron skillet over high heat. Working in batches, brown the sausages and transfer them to a plate. Roughly chop the sausages and stir them into the stew. Return the skillet to high heat and, working in batches, brown the beef and pork and add them to the stew.nReturn the stew to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 30 minutes more.nWhen ready to serve, arrange a mound of rice in the center of 8 plates and spoon some of the stew over the top of each. Spoon some of the pico de gallo and greens on opposite sides of the stew. Sprinkle with the farofa and chopped scallion and garnish with orange wedges.nIn a large bowl, mix together all the ingredients. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nHeat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the greens and wine and cook, stirring, until wilted. Lower the heat to medium and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring, until its fat has rendered. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add manioc flour and cook, stirring, until golden brown and toasted. Add the butter and cook, stirring, until absorbed. Add the eggs and scallion and cook, stirring, until scrambled. Season with salt, to taste. Transfer to the farofa to a bowl and let cool slightly., ingredients: [2 pounds dried black beans, picked over, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh garlic, 4 bay leaves, 12 cups water, 2 ham hocks, 14 cup ground cumin, 14 cup ground coriander, 14 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon adobostyle seasoning, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound breakfast sausage links, 1 pound smoked sausage links, 1 pound chorizo sausage, 1 pound beef tenderloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound pork tenderloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 8 cups hot, cooked white rice, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, Sauteed Greens, recipe follows, Farofa, recipe follows, Chopped scallion, for garnish, 1 orange, cut into wedges, 4 large tomatoes, roughly chopped, 2 serrano chiles, roughly chopped, 1 medium red onion, roughly chopped, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, stemmed and roughly chopped, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds kale or mustard greens, stemmed and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves fresh garlic, chopped, 14 cup white wine or water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped bacon, 12 cup chopped Spanish onion, 12 cup manioc flour, see note, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup chopped scallions, Kosher salt], title: Brazilian Black Bean and Meat Stew: Feijoada, picturelink: null}, 49730: {instructions: Special equipment: four 10ounce ramekinsnIn a food processor, puree 4 of the bananas until smooth, then set aside. In a large saucepan set over medium heat, whisk together the agave, cornstarch, salt, egg yolks and coconut milk until smooth. Bring the mixture to a rolling boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook, stirring constantly, until thick, about 10 minutes. To check for doneness, coat the back of a spoon with the pudding and run your finger down the center of the spoon. The pudding should hold a clear, clean line. Remove from the heat, then fold in the pureed banana. Refrigerate until cool, at least 2 hours or up to overnight. The pudding will continue to thicken as it cools.nSlice the remaining banana. Crumble 2 wafers into the bottom of four 10ounce ramekins. Divide the pudding among the ramekins. Top each serving with banana slices, toasted coconut flakes and another crumbled wafer.nServe cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [5 ripe bananas, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons agave, 6 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 6 large egg yolks, Two 15ounce cans coconut milk, 12 vanilla wafers, 12 cup coconut flakes, toasted], title: Coconut Banana Pudding, picturelink: u6iYamQTVv5fCV20dif6mDNryEvAZu}, 49731: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly grease a 9inch pie plate, including the lip, with butter. Gently roll each piece of biscuit dough out to about two times its original size. Stretch and press the biscuit dough, one piece at a time, into the pie plate, until you have covered the bottom and sides, pinching together the seams where pieces meet. Fork the bottom many times. Bake, until the sides are lightly browned and the bottom forms a crust, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove to a wire rack and let cool. Leave the oven on.nMeanwhile, heat the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and add the sausage. Cook, stirring and breaking the sausage pieces up with a spoon, until browned and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Pour off any excess grease and add the halfandhalf to the pan, scraping up any bits that may have stuck to the bottom of the pan. Remove from the heat.nWhisk the egg and egg yolk together in a medium bowl and slowly add the halfandhalf and sausage mix to the bowl in batches, whisking constantly, to incorporate. Stir in the scallions and season with 12 teaspoon salt and a generous 14 teaspoon black pepper. Scatter the cheese over the biscuit crust, pressing the cheese over any holes that may have formed during baking. Pour the sausage custard over the cheese and bake until the custard is set, 18 to 20 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus extra for buttering the pie plate, 4 pieces prepared biscuit dough about 8 ounces, 8 ounces breakfast sausage, casings removed, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 large whole egg plus 1 large egg yolk, 1 scallion, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces white Cheddar or Monterey Jack cheese, grated about 12 cup], title: Sausage and Gravy Pie with Biscuit Crust, picturelink: jpOYVkH1FjfRHUQQZvbXebMjkE7.X1O}, 49732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot, over low heat, add all the ingredients, except the turkey. Cook stirring to combine and dissolve the salt. When salt has dissolved, remove from the heat and let cool. Add the turkey drumsticks to a large resealable plastic bag, and pour in the brine. Seal the bag well, and put into a bowl in case of leaks. Refrigerate for 24 hours.nAfter 24 hours, remove the turkey, discard the brine and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a roasting pan, fitted with a rack, add the turkey drumsticks, making sure there is room between each for even cooking. Roast for 90 minutes. Remove from the oven to a serving platter and serve hot or cold., ingredients: [2 12 pints water, 34 cup salt, 34 cup maple syrup, 34 cup bourbon, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 3 cloves, 1 bay leaf, 4 turkey drumsticks], title: Maple Bourbon Brined Turkey Legs, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 49733: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill. Season tuna with salt and pepper. Brush grill pan or grill with oil. Grill tuna until wellbrowned but still rare, about 2 minutes per side the flesh will be firm and tight. For medium rare, cook 1 minute more, until the flesh begins to pull apart. For medium, cook 2 minutes more, until the flesh flakes apart.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan combine juice and zest, anchovies, oil, and garlic. Bring to boil over medium heat, remove from heat and stir in oregano and basil. Serve immediately with sauce spooned over tuna., ingredients: [4 1inch thick tuna steaks about 4 ounces each, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grill, 1 large lemon, zested and juiced about 14 cup, 6 anchovy fillets, cut into thirds, 1 medium clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Grilled Tuna Steaks, picturelink: null}, 49734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a high heat, toast the bread using a stovetop grill, then set aside on a cookie sheet pan.nIn a bowl, mix together the mozzarella and tomatoes, season very lightly with olive oil and salt and pepper. Stir well and top the bread with the mixture and place on the sheet pan.nCook in the oven for about 10 minutes, or until the cheese has melted and starts to crisp into a nice golden color, than place in a platter and allow to cool off for a few minutes before serving.nDress with a couple leaves freshly picked basil, a drizzle of extravirgin oil, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [1 baguette, sliced, 1 8ounce ball fresh mozzarella, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered, 1 handful fresh basil, plus more for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Bruschetta Pizzaiola, picturelink: null}, 49735: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the cauliflower and cook until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Pack the cauliflower, onion and garlic into a 1quart jar.nMake the brine: Combine the red wine vinegar, distilled white vinegar, 34 cup water, the sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, the coriander seeds and lemon zest in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Pour the hot brine into the jar and let cool completely. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 1 week.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 small head cauliflower, cut into bitesize florets, 1 small red onion, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 wide strip lemon zest], title: Pickled Cauliflower and Red Onion, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 49736: {instructions: For the cream: In a large saucepot bring 500 milliliters 2 cups 2 tablespoons of the milk to a boil, and cook to scald the milk. Combine the sugar and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Slowly add the hot milk to the egg mixture to temper the eggs. In small bowl, combine the cornstarch and the remaining 250 milliliters 1 cup milk. Return the egg mixture to the saucepot and add the cornstarch mixture. Cook until the cornstarch flavor cooks out and the mixture thickens, 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and mix in the peppermint extract.nFor the beignets: Combine 2 cups warm water, the sugar and yeast, and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, mix the heavy cream, melted butter and eggs. Add the yeast mixture and mix just to combine. Add the flour, nutmeg and salt. Mix until the gluten forms, about 10 minutes. Remove the dough from the bowl, roll it out to 14inch thick, and then cut into 1inch squares, 36 total. Proof the dough in a warm place until almost doubled in size, about 2 hours.nIn a large, shallow pan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Fry the beignets until golden brown on both sides.nServe the beignets with a side of peppermint cream., ingredients: [750 milliliters 3 cups 2 tablespoons milk, 250 milliliters 1 cup sugar, 4 eggs, 60 grams 2 18 ounces cornstarch, 100 milliliters 12 cup peppermint extract, 5 ounces sugar, 12 ounce active dry yeast, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 3 ounces butter, melted, 3 eggs, 3 pounds allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, Oil, for frying], title: Peppermint Cream Beignets, picturelink: DWsXFyQB83YZdJTffZqlm8Ced7q5v6}, 49737: {instructions: Divide the cantaloupe and torn mint leaves among the glasses and muddle well. Top off each glass evenly with coconut water and lime juice. Garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [3 cups cubed cantaloupe, 1 handful fresh mint leaves, torn, plus whole sprigs, for garnish, 6 cups coconut water, 1 lime, juiced], title: Cantaloupe Coconut Water, picturelink: null}, 49738: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 cups hickory chipsnPreheat charcoal smoker for half an hour. Soak the hickory chips for half an hour in water. Drain.nTrim fat on brisket to 14inch thickness. Sprinkle brisket generously with the dry rub. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the brisket from refrigerator 1 hour prior to cooking and let stand at room temperature. Mop the entire brisket with Mustard Sauce. Place brisket fat side up in a smoker at a preheated temperature of 200 to 225 degrees F. Add 3 handfuls of presoaked hickory chips to preheated charcoal should be at the gray stage. After 3 hours, add another 3 handfuls of chips and mop with Beer Based Mop Sauce.nAfter 2 more hours, place brisket on 2 pieces of heavyduty foil and pour 14 cup Beer Based Mop Sauce on top of brisket and seal tightly. Continue to cook in smoker another 2 to 4 hours, or until internal temperature reaches 185 degrees F.nRemove brisket from foil and let stand 15 minutes. Slice brisket against the grain into 14inch thickness. Top with Brisket BBQ Sauce.nMix all ingredients in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.nMix all ingredients in a medium saucepan. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.nIn a medium to large saucepan, saute the onions in the butter over medium heat until soft. Add remaining ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil over medium high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes., ingredients: [8 to 9 pounds beef brisket, choice grade, Trim Tabbs Pig Powder, or your favorite BBQ dry rub, Wood Chicks Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, Wood Chicks Beer Based Mop Sauce, recipe follows, Wood Chicks Brisket BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 34 cup cider vinegar, 12 ounces beer, 14 cup water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon BBQ dry rub, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped onions, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 cup ketchup, 13 cup chili sauce, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons maple syrup], title: Wood Chicks BBQ Smoked Beef Brisket, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 49739: {instructions: THAW pastry sheet at room temperature 40 min. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Mix brown sugar, butter and pecans.nUNFOLD pastry on lightly floured surface. Roll into 15x 12 rectangle. Cut into 20 3 squares. Press squares into bottoms of 3 muffinpan cups. Place 1 heaping tsp. pecan mixture in center of each.nBAKE 12 min. or until golden. Remove from pans. Let cool. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Makes 20 pastries., ingredients: [12 package 17.3 oz. Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons butter OR margarine, melted, 13 cup chopped pecans, Confectioners sugar], title: Southern Pecan Crisps, picturelink: null}, 49740: {instructions: Melt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat. Turn off the heat, add the honey, and stir to combine.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl combine the eggs, ricotta, and sugar. Using a fork, mix to combine and beat the eggs. Add the milk, orange juice, butter and honey mixture, and bread. Stir to combine. Gently fold in the berries.nPlace the ingredients in a 10inch round 2quart baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the strata until golden on top and baked through, about 40 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving. Spoon into dishes and serve.nSERVINGS: 4 MAIN Calories: 401 Total Fat: 18 grams Saturated Fat: 9 grams Protein: 14 grams Total carbohydrates: 49 grams Sugar: 34 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 249 milligrams Sodium: 292 milligrams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 4 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk ricotta, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup whole milk, 14 cup orange juice, 4 slices of bread, torn into 1inch pieces about 4 cups, 1 10ounce bag frozen mixed berries, thawed and drained], title: Berry Strata, picturelink: JdUvPB3CF3e.AolLlOmD1zSaKcuwOK}, 49741: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large, heavy bottomed soup pot, add the onions, leeks, and celery, and saute until translucent, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic, tomatoes, saffron, and seasonings. Stir for about 2 minutes, then add the white wine and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, or until almost all the liquid has evaporated, before adding the fish stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 45 minutes. At the end of 45 minutes, add the potatoes and begin to cook. While the broth is simmering, make the Peppery Croutons by brushing one side of each French bread slice with olive oil, sprinkle with cracked pepper, and toast in a 300 degree oven until crisp about 12 minutes. After the potatoes have simmered for 10 minutes, add the lobster. Return to a boil and cook at a strong simmer for 5 minutes, before adding the fish chunks and the shrimp and cook until the fish is just cooked, but not yet flaking apart. Remove the bay leaves, taste for seasoning, and serve immediately, garnished with the Peppery Croutons., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 large onions, diced about 1 12 cups, 2 leeks, white and light green parts only, split, well washed and diced about 2 12 cups, 2 stalks celery, diced about 12 cup, 14 cup finely chopped garlic, 1 cup canned plum tomatoes, drained, seeded, and diced, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 quarts fish stock, 2 Idaho potatoes, peeled and diced about 1 pound, 1 small lobster, raw and in the shell, cut into pieces, 1 pound assorted fish fillets such as snapper, halibut, tilefish, cod, skinned and boned, cut into chunks, 12 pound fresh shrimp, peeled and deveined, French baguette, sliced 14inch thick about 3 to 4 slices per person, 14 cup olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons cracked black peppercorns], title: Fulton Fish Market Chowder, picturelink: null}, 49742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a roasting tray and bake for 45 minutes. When done, the tip of a paring knife should go through the potatoes easily.nSlice the bacon into lardons thin strips and cook in a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat until crisp. Remove the bacon from the pot with a slotted spoon and set aside, leaving the drippings in the pot.nAdd the flour to the drippings in the pot and stir to combine. Cook, without adding color, until the flour and fat has combined, about 1 minute. Pour in the milk while you whisk to incorporate. Cook over medium heat until bubbly and thickened, stirring frequently, about 15 minutes.nScoop out the potato pulp from the skins and add to the milk mixture. Mash with the back of a wooden spoon leaving it a little bit chunky.nAdd the cooked bacon leaving a little out for garnishing the soup, 1 cup of the cheese, and season well with salt and pepper. Stir until the cheese has melted. Remove from the heat.nLadle the soup into bowls, drizzle with sour cream from a squeeze bottle, sprinkle with remaining bacon bits, grated cheese and chives., ingredients: [4 large baking potatoes Idaho or russet, 12 slices thickcut applewood smoked bacon, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 6 cups 2 percent lowfat milk, heated, 5 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces sour cream, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh chives], title: Fully Loaded Baked Potato Soup, picturelink: SmWWQLmRAIPmHSMgnbOPY3oCNmvGTe}, 49743: {instructions: In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle, mix the flour and the salt. Add the egg, oil, and seltzer, and mix to form a soft dough. Turn out the dough and knead, by hand, for 1 minute, until the dough is elastic.nDivide the dough into 4 pieces, form into balls, cover in plastic, and let rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWhen chilled, roll the ball into a square. Trim the edges, and brush with melted butter. Fold the dough in half, and brush with butter. Fold the dough in half again, to make a square. Place 12 cup SpinachCheese Filling in the center. Sprinkle with some string cheese. Fold up the corners like a half open envelope. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Bake for 25 minutes.nFor the SpinachCheese Filling: Mix together the cream cheese, hazelnuts, garlic, cilantro, coriander, cayenne, fenugreek, salt, and black pepper. Thoroughly drain the spinach and chop. Mix into the mixture, then fold in the feta. Set aside until ready to use., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup seltzer, Melted butter, 4 ounces Armenian string cheese or mozzarella, 4 ounces cream cheese, 14 cup minced roasted hazelnuts, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, Pinch cayenne, 12 teaspoon fenugreek, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cooked spinach, 4 ounces feta cheese], title: Georgian Spinach Khachapuri, picturelink: null}, 49744: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPit and peel the avocados. Place the avocados in a bowl and mash with the lime juice, onions, sour cream and a big pinch of salt and pepper. Fold in the tomatoes and serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [4 ripe avocadoes, Juice of 3 limes, 14 cup chopped white onion, 14 cup sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Guacamole, picturelink: M8E14uUTnPnbi2lvOTmZ.xxkpteng2q}, 49745: {instructions: Soak the raisins in hot water for 5 minutes and then drain.nWhisk the flour, oats, cinnamon, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl and set aside.nBeat the light brown sugar, granulated sugar, butter, yogurt and vanilla with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the flouroat mixture and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Turn off the beaters and use your hands to help combine if needed. Fold in the raisins with a rubber spatula or mix them in with your hands.nRefrigerate in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [13 cup raisins, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup quickcooking oats, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Greek yogurt, 12 teaspoon nonalcohol vanilla extract], title: Oatmeal Raisin Cookie Dough, picturelink: zlRELGQ.K0Ke1qaRtrkbi5GQjqb2T.}, 49746: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the filling:nToss the peaches in a large bowl with the zest and lemon juice. Add the rest of the ingredients and stir to combine. Divide the filling evenly between the ramekins.nFor the topping:nCombine all of the ingredients in a food processor except the water. Pulse until combined, this will take about 30 seconds. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time until mixture is clumpy but crumbly.nTop each ramekin with the topping. Be sure to loosely sprinkle the topping and not pack it down. The idea is to look very crumbly and craggy.nPlace the ramekins on a sheet tray and bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the filling is hot and bubbly and the topping, brown and crispy., ingredients: [5 large ripe peaches, pitted and cut into chunks, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup tightly packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup golden raisins, Pinch kosher salt, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup rolled oats, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 1 14 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pea sized pieces, 12 cup sliced almonds, Pinch kosher salt, 1 to 2 tablespoons cold water, Special equipment: 6 6ounce ramekins], title: Peach Crisp, picturelink: T4vY9CcChoOeYJnCFMXQr6UijsYT7za}, 49747: {instructions: Season the chops with salt, pepper and cayenne. In a skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until almost smoking. Cook the pork chops until well browned on either side, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove chops to a plate, cover with foil and keep warm. Deglaze the skillet with 23 cup pineapple juice, stirring to remove browned bits from bottom of pan. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the minced gingerroot and the brown sugar and bring sauce to a simmer. Return the chops and any juices that have collected to the skillet, reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 6 to 8 minutes until meat is cooked through. Remove chops to a plate, cover with foil and keep warm. If necessary simmer sauce until slightly reduced. Mix together the cornstarch and cold water and stir into the simmering sauce, continuing to stir until thickened. Reduce heat, stir in mustard and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper.nIn a bowl combine pineapple, watermelon, the remaining tablespoon of gingerroot, scallions, jalapeno, parsley, lime juice and the remaining 13 cup pineapple juice, mixing well.nServe the chops warm, glazed with the sauce and garnished with the pineapple and watermelon relish., ingredients: [4 34inchthick pork loin chops, trimmed to leave 14inch fat, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne or paprika, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons minced gingerroot, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold water, 2 teaspoons Dijonstyle mustard, 1 cup diced fresh or canned pineapple, 1 cup diced watermelon, seeded, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 12 jalapeno, seeded and finely minced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons lime juice], title: Glazed Pork Chops with Pineapple, Watermelon and Ginger Relish, picturelink: null}, 49748: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Stir to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sliced green olives with pimento, 2 teaspoons capers, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon lemon herb seasoning recommended: McCormick, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 3 hard boiled eggs, chopped, 1 16ounce bag precooked and diced red potatoes recommended: Resers], title: Creamy Red Potato Salad, picturelink: fG54IsmLOh6zaVRQk6ivTNTmd3HsYt.}, 49749: {instructions: Juice, in this order, the tomatoes and parsley together, celery, kale and lemon, following your juicers specific settings for each. Stir in the vodka, celery salt and a few grinds of pepper. Serve immediately over ice in a tall glass. Garnish with a celery stalk., ingredients: [3 medium plum tomatoes, 1 cup loosely packed flatleaf parsley, 2 medium stalks celery, plus 1 stalk, for garnish, 3 medium kale leaves with stalks, 12 large, juicy lemon, peel and pith removed, 2 ounces pepperinfused vodka, 14 teaspoon celery salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Kale Mary, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 49750: {instructions: 1. In a large bowl, combine apples, onions, raisins, brown sugar, white sauce mix, and fines herbes toss well. Place mixture in a 5quart slow cooker dot with butter. Cover and cook on Low heat setting for 12 hours.n2. Forty minutes before serving, preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with nostick cooking spray set aside.n3. Unroll pastry sheet. Place Brie wheel in the center of the puff pastry and wrap cheese by bringing ends of pastry together toward the center of the wheel. Carefully turn cheese over, folding pastry ends securely under wheel. Lay on prepared baking sheet, folded side down. Bake for 25 minutes or until light golden brown. Let cool 10 minutes.n4. Serve pastrywrapped Brie warm with caramelized onion and apple mixture.nExcerpted from the book, Sandra Lee SemiHomemade Cocktail Time, by Sandra LeenCopyrightu00a9 2009 SLSH Enterprises, Inc., ingredients: [2 packages 14 ounces each sliced green apples, Chiquitau00ae, 2 large sweet onions, sliced into thick rounds, 12 cup golden raisins, SunMaidu00ae, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, Dominou00aeCHu00ae, 1 packet 1.8 ounce white sauce mix, Knorru00ae, 1 tablespoon fines herbes, Spice Islandsu00ae, 1 stick 12 cup butter, cut into small pieces, Nostick cooking spray, Pamu00ae, 12 package 17.3 ounce frozen puff pastry 1 sheet, thawed, Pepperidge Farmu00ae, 1 wheel 13.2 ounce baby brie, Aloutteu00ae], title: Caramelized Onions and Apples with Brie, picturelink: aoI3WS4iPKJb0wS9STqvJ0QLWq6vrm}, 49751: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 1quart mason jar, sterilized by boiling in waternSet a heavybased pot over mediumhigh heat and add a 3count of olive oil. Add onions and saute for 2 to 3 minutes until translucent. Add ground turkey, season well with salt and pepper and brown well all over, breaking it up with a wooden spoon  about 7 to 10 minutes. Add ketchup, mustard, cayenne, brown sugar and tomato paste. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 to 12 minutes. Finish with a splash of red wine vinegar and season it once more before serving on parker rolls with Homemade Bread and Butter Pickles.nWash cucumbers, slice into 14inch thick rounds, and place in a heated, sterilized mason jar with horseradish and fresh dill weed.nSet a large pot over medium heat and add vinegar, sugar, water, garlic and pickling spices. Bring the brine to a boil then pour over cucumbers and horseradish in stillhot mason jar and seal lid. Allow to cool to room temperature before refrigerating. You can serve once chilled, but for best flavor serve after the pickles have been left overnight., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 12 pounds lean ground turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups ketchup, 14 cup yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 12 parker house rolls, Homemade Bread and Butter Pickles, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 pickling cucumbers about 4 inches long, 4 slices fresh horseradish, peeled and cut into 12inch slices, 4 sprigs fresh dill weed, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 3 cups water, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons pickling spice, 2 teaspoons turmeric], title: The Ultimate Sloppy Joes, picturelink: ZlUre3w6pT06RlRR4R14ONvfNm4RCEy}, 49752: {instructions: Whisk together the marmalade, almond extract, salt and 2 teaspoons water in a medium bowl. Set aside.nSet the apples on a cutting board. Cut the flesh away from the cores, making 4 apple cheeks from each apple. Discard the cores. Cut the flesh into very thin slices and add it to the bowl with marmalade toss to coat. Divide the apples among 4 small plates and sprinkle each serving with cherries and crushed cookie., ingredients: [3 tablespoons orange marmalade, Splash almond extract, Pinch kosher salt, 1 medium red apple, 1 medium green apple, 1 tablespoon dried cherries, roughly chopped, 1 small shortbread cookie, lightly crushed], title: Apple and Orange Marmalade Salad, picturelink: iNKWisF9sA4.cyxI2fiie0hcPczLU5i}, 49753: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix together the butter and 1 cup of sugar until they are just combined. Add the vanilla. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour and salt, then add them to the butterandsugar mixture. Mix on low speed until the dough starts to come together. Dump onto a surface dusted with flour and shape into a flat disk, about 1inch thick. Wrap in plastic and chill for 30 minutes, until firm but still pliable.nRoll the dough 12inch thick on a lightly floured surface and cut with a 3by1inch fingershaped cutter. Place the cookies on an ungreased baking sheet and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the edges begin to brown. Allow to cool to room temperature.nWhen the cookies are cool, place them on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Put 3 ounces of the chocolate in a glass bowl and microwave on high power for 30 seconds. Dont trust your microwave timer time it with your watch. Stir with a wooden spoon. Continue to heat and stir in 30second increments until the chocolate is just melted. Add the remaining chocolate and allow it to sit at room temperature, stirring often, until its completely smooth. If there are still bits of unmelted chocolate after about 5 minutes, return to the microwave in 5second intervals, stirring, until completely smooth. Stir vigorously until the chocolate is smooth and slightly cooled stirring makes it glossier.nDrizzle or dip 12 of each cookie with just enough chocolate to coat it. Place the cookie back on the parchmentlined baking sheet and let stand at room temperature until the chocolate has firmed up, about 20 minutes.nCooks Note: If a 3by1inch cookie cutter is not available, you can cut the shortbread into rectangles using a fluted pastry wheel for decorative edges or simple cut with a butter knife., ingredients: [34 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, plus extra for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 to 7 ounces very good semisweet chocolate, very finely chopped], title: Shortbread Cookies, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 49754: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper, and spread hazelnuts in a single layer on the sheet. Place in the oven, and toast until nuts smell sweet, about 10 to 12 minutes. Wrap the warm nuts in a coarsetextured kitchen towel. Rub to remove skins from nuts, and discard skins. Coarsely chop hazelnuts, and set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat egg whites on low speed until foamy. Add sugar gradually, beating on mediumhigh, until stiff peaks form and the meringue is stiff and shiny, 3 to 5 minutes. You can also beat egg whites by hand using a balloon whisk the beating times will be approximately twice as long.nFold in the chopped hazelnuts, vanilla extract, and salt using a large rubber spatula.nTransfer mixture to a shallow, heavybottomed saucepan. Set over mediumlow heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until the mixture is light brown and pulls away from the sides of the pan, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer to a medium bowl to cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Fold in chopped chocolate.nUsing 2 spoons, drop a heaping tablespoon of batter onto a baking sheet lined with a nonstick baking mat or parchment paper. Repeat until no dough remains, spacing them 1 12 inches apart. Bake until cookies are firm to the touch but still soft and chewy inside, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove to a wire rack, and cool., ingredients: [2 cups 10 ounces hazelnuts, 9 large egg whites, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: Brutti Ma Buoni, picturelink: null}, 49755: {instructions: Special equipment: Handful hickory wood chipsnPreheat your oven to 500 degrees F. Dust a workstation with flour and cut the dough in half. When the dough is at room temperature, stretch it or roll it out using a rolling pin you want a thin pizza dough, approximately 14thick at the most. A pizzette is a rustic oval shape though it will work in the more traditional circle. Place the dough onto a sheet of parchment paper on a sheet tray and bake in the oven until the dough has set and started to brown, about 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and spread a thin layer of Red Onion Marmalade. Crumble the House Sausage over the pizza and spread out evenly. Place back into the oven and bake until the dough has hardened and you can lift one side of the pizza without it bending, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and drape with Smoked Slaw. Cut and enjoy.nCut the top and bottom off the onion and peel the skin. Cut vertically straight down through the middle, exposing a crescent moon shape, not rings. Place the onion, cut side down, on the board and slice into julienne. Repeat with all the onions.nPlace the onions into a saucepan and put over a low heat on your stovetop. Sprinkle with a little salt and stir. Cook, stirring occasionally, allowing the onions to sweat out their liquid until they all become translucent being careful not to caramelize or burn the onions, about 20 minutes. Add in half the balsamic and reduce over low heat until the liquid coats the back of a spoon, 15 to 20 minutes. Reserve.nIn a separate pan over high heat, pour the sugar into the center of the pan and surround with water. Stir the sugar into the water to moisten. Occasionally shake the pan to evenly disperse the heat. Keep a close eye on the sugarwater mixture as the moisture is expelled. First the bubbles will be smaller and more consistent, like syrup. Then the sugar will start to change color as it caramelizes. When it is a light amber color, remove from the heat and stir in the remaining balsamic vinegar until incorporated. Add the caramel sauce to the cooked onions and season with salt. Cool and serve.nAdd all the ingredients except the pork into a large bowl. Whisk together and let rest for 10 minutes. Add in the ground pork. Break the pork apart gently and toss to distribute ingredients. Mix by kneading the mixture, but do not over mix. Cook a small piece of sausage to test for seasoning. If needed, add salt and a splash more vinegar. For pizza preparation, render the sausage until lightly browned and strain excess fat. Cool and reserve for assembly.nRemove the core from the cabbage and julienne. To assemble the smoker, place the wood chips into a half hotel pan over high heat. After 2 minutes, the chips will start to smolder. Place some ice into a perforated pan of the same size and cover with a layer of plastic wrap. Place the perforated pan with the ice and the cabbage onto the pan with the chips and cover with tin foil. Allow the smoke to permeate the cabbage for 4 minutes. Remove from the pan and place directly into a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper. Cool and reserve., ingredients: [Flour, for dusting, 1 pound pizza dough, 12 cup Red Onion Marmalade, recipe follows, 8 ounces House Sausage, recipe follows, 12 cup Smoked Slaw, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 3 large red onions, Salt, 12 cup dark balsamic vinegar, divided, 14 cup sugar, Splash water, 14 cup chopped garlic, 14 cup grated onion, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 12 teaspoon fennel seed, toasted and ground, 1 teaspoon ground dried oregano, 1 to 2 tablespoons crushed red chile flakes depends on desired heat level, 13 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 12 pounds pork shoulder, ground, 12 head savoy cabbage, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 14 cup aioli, 1 shallot, grated, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and pepper], title: Sausage and Smoked Slaw Pizzette, picturelink: s2gCKAhpKakt5Qnf69MKDTDsVCTlLiO}, 49756: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan, bring the water, butter, salt and granulated sugar to a rolling boil over medium high heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until all the flour is incorporated, 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 30 seconds to evaporate some of the moisture.nScrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, and working 1 egg at a time, add 3 of the eggs, stopping after each addition to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add the 1 more egg and mix until incorporated. Stir in the orange flower water.nUsing a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip, pipe the dough onto the baking sheet, in 1inch kisses. Whisk the remaining egg with 1 12 teaspoons water. Brush the surface of the dough with the egg wash you may not use all the egg wash. Sprinkle with the French coarse sugar. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until puffed up and light golden brown and have no more yellow pastry color showing, about 20 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 to 5 eggs, 1 teaspoon orange flower water, French coarse white sugar, as needed], title: Chouxquettes, picturelink: null}, 49757: {instructions: Cut the top quarter off the top of the garlic bulbs. Place them in a pie pan and drizzle the tops with the olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover them with foil and bake until the garlic is roasted and soft, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [8 large garlic bulbs, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch black pepper], title: Roasted Garlic, picturelink: 5OrJNWyRB2yh3fs0se7bbGzjzq6Ey5e}, 49758: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Hungarianstyle tomatobeef sauce: Place the ground beef in a large skillet. Brown the ground beef and put on the side. In a different saute pan, add the vegetable oil and heat. Add the onions and saute for 2 minutes. Add the green and red bell peppers and saute for another 2 minutes. Add the canned tomatoes, paprika, crushed red pepper, garlic, cayenne and the browned ground beef. Add salt and pepper to taste. Cover the pan and cook on low heat for up to 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Please note that the sauce can be made in advance.nFor the potato pancakes placki: Combine the potatoes, onion, eggs and flour in a large bowl and mix well. Add salt and pepper. The mixture will be on the thicker side. Heat the oil in a heavy skillet. Place 2 tablespoons of the mixture into the hot oil, and flatten down gently with a spoon. Turn the heat to medium. Cook until the pancakes are golden brown on each side.nTo serve, place 2 to 4 tablespoons of sauce on top of 2 to 4 pancakes and garnish with a tablespoon of sour cream and parsley., ingredients: [1 pound 90percent lean ground beef, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 large Spanish onion, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, One 12ounce can diced tomato, One 12ounce can tomato puree, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and ground pepper, 6 to 8 large potatoes, grated, 1 large onion, grated, 2 eggs, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and ground pepper, 1 12 cups oil, Sour cream, for serving, Chopped fresh parsley, for serving], title: Hungarian Placki Potato Pancakes with Spicy TomatoBeef Sauce, picturelink: AbMnTrX7Zg2IWeQJqwqFymTAO8i1DYW}, 49759: {instructions: Wet the rim of a martini glass and coat with lemon drop rimmer. Add vanilla vodka and limoncello to a martini shaker filled with ice. Shake and strain into martini glass. Add a splash of lemonlime soda and garnish with fresh blueberries., ingredients: [Lemon drop rimmer recommended: Stirrings, 2 shots vanilla vodka recommended: Stoli, 12 shot limoncello, Ice cubes, Splash lemonlime soda recommended: Sprite or 7Up, Blueberries, for garnish], title: Lemon Cream Martini, picturelink: 6jVEAkZMfR04vpm.5ceoDP30fdosNeO}, 49760: {instructions: In a food processor or with an electric mixer, incorporate butter and sugar. Mix in egg and vanilla. Mix in flour and salt. Drop a heaping teaspoon on a greased baking sheet, permitting enough space for the cookie to spread about 3 12 inches. Press about 3 jelly beans into each cookie. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees for 8 to 10 minutes or until edges just begin to brown. Let cool on a baking rack. Store in a cookie monsterproof container., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 13 cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup blueberry jelly beans, 14 cup cherry jelly beans, 14 cup white jelly beans], title: Red, White, and Blue Jelly Bean Cookies, picturelink: null}, 49761: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the lamb, season with salt and pepper and cook until seared and brown on all sides. Remove the lamb to a plate with a slotted spoon.nRed Onion Relish: Add the onions and garlic to the pan and cook until soft. Return the lamb, add the beer and cook until reduced. Add the tomatoes, chipotle, chile powders, cumin and chicken stock, stir well and simmer for 45 minutes. Add the beans and continue cooking for 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl. Let sit 30 minutes before serving.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl. Let rest 30 minutes before serving.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl.nSet a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Grease a 6 slot muffin pan with nonstick vegetable spray.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs, bell pepper, jalapeno, corn and cilantro. Whisk in the butter mixture.nIn a separate bowl, stir together the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, soda, salt and sugar. Mix into the liquid mixture.nDivide the batter evenly among the muffins slots and bake for 16 minutes or until set, turning the pan once for even baking., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 12 pounds lamb from the leg, boned and cut into 14inch cubes, 1 12 large red onion, finely diced, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dark beer, 1 16ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and pureed, 1 tablespoon chipotle puree, 3 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups cooked or canned black bean, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 red onions, finely diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely diced, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, TriColor Salsa recipe follows, Avocado Relish recipe follows, Blue Corn Muffins recipe follows, 2 ripe tomatoes, diced, 2 yellow tomatoes, diced, 2 tomatillos, diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 small serrano chile, finely diced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 Haas avocados, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely diced, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 ounces 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons onion, finely diced, 1 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup milk, 2 large eggs, 14 cup red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 jalapeno peppers, finely diced, 14 cup fresh or frozen corn, thawed, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro leaves, 34 cup blue cornmeal can substitute yellow, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar], title: Lamb and Black Bean Chili with Assorted Salsas and Blue Corn Muffins, picturelink: null}, 49762: {instructions: Warm the peanut butter in a saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring, until loose, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to low keep warm.nDivide the meat into 6 loose balls, then gently flatten into thin patties. Heat a large castiron skillet over high heat. Add the patties to the hot skillet, smash them flat with a spatula and season with salt and pepper. Cook, flipping once, until the burgers are well done, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in another skillet over high heat. Place the buns cutside down in the hot skillet, press them down slightly with another skillet and toast until golden, about 2 minutes. Put the burgers on the bottom buns and spread each with 1 heaping tablespoon warm peanut butter. Top with lettuce and tomato. Spread mayonnaise on the cut side of each top bun, then put on top of the burgers.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [6 heaping tablespoons creamy peanut butter, 2 pounds ground beef sirloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 soft hamburger buns, split, Lettuce, sliced tomato and mayonnaise, for topping], title: Guberburgers, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 49763: {instructions: Rinse and scrub clams several times to remove as much sand as possible. Discard any clams with a broken shell. Place clams in dishpan or sink and just cover with cold water. Sprinkle corn meal over all and leave to soak for 3 to 4 hours. Rinse one final time to remove any cornmeal adhering to clams and place them in a large pot. Add 2 12 quarts of water and bouquet garni. Bring to a boil covered and steam for 12 to 15 minutes or until clams are open. Remove pot from heat and allow to cool. Meanwhile, heat olive oil over medium heat in a 10 quart heavy Dutch oven and add salt pork. Cook, stirring frequently, until fat is rendered and pork pieces are brown and somewhat crisp. Remove pork with a slotted spoon, drain on paper towels and reserve. Add onions to pan and cook, stirring frequently until onions are soft and transparent do not allow the onions to brown. While onions are cooking, remove clams from shells collecting liquid from clams in pot with cooking liquid. As clams are removed, rinse them in the cooking liquid to remove any additional sand and reserve. Pour cooking liquid through a strainer lined with 3 layers of cheesecloth and add to onions. Add potatoes, clam juice and if necessary, enough water to just cover potatoes. Cook for 20 minutes or until potatoes are tender. Add clams, halfandhalf and pepper to taste. Cook until heated through and correct seasoning. Serve in mugs or bowls and sprinkle with reserved cracklings. Pass oyster crackers separately., ingredients: [10 pounds steamer clams, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 2 12 cups water, 2 fresh bay leaves, 4 fresh sprigs thyme and 4 or 5 parsley sprigs tied together with butchers twine or tied in cheesecloth, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound salt pork, tough layer of skin removed, and cut into 14inch dice, 4 cups yellow onions about 4 medium cut into 14inch dice, 6 cups russet potatoes peeled and cut into 12inch dice about 6 medium, 1 cup bottled clam juice, 2 cups halfandhalf, Pepper, Oyster crackers], title: Donnas New England Style Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 49764: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 3inch square stencilnFor the meringue: Preheat the oven to 150 degrees F. In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whisk the egg whites until frothy. Add the cream of tarter and continue to whisk until soft peaks form. Once the whites are at soft peaks, slowly add in the granulated sugar and continue whisking until stiff peaks form and the egg whites are smooth and glossy.nPlace a nonstick baking pad on an upsidedown baking sheet and then spray with nonstick cooking spray. Scoop the meringue into a square shape using a 3inch square stencil. Smooth out the edges and make the squares even with a long, flat icing spatula. Make as many squares that can fit onto the baking sheet. Youll need 6 sides to make a full box, so make sides based on how many boxes you want to make. Remove the stencil. Bake the meringue until set and not tacky to the touch, 3 hours. The meringue should have no color on it after baking.nFor the diplomat cream: In a saucepan, bring the milk to a light simmer. In a bowl, lightly whisk the squash puree, 14 cup of the granulated sugar, the cornstarch, flour, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg and yolks until smooth. Add half of the steaming milk into squash mixture very slowly, whisking as you pour. Whisk in the remaining milk. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the cubed butter and vanilla, mixing until the butter melts. Cover the mixture with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Cool the pastry cream completely.nOnce the pastry cream is completely cool, place the heavy cream and the remaining 1 tablespoon granulated sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk, and whip until stiff. Fold the whipped cream into the cooled pastry cream to create the diplomat cream. Keep refrigerated.nUse royal icing as the glue between the sides of the box, leaving one side open. When the box is set, spoon the diplomat cream into the box and top with the final side as the lid. Dust with cinnamon and confectioners sugar to garnish, and then serve., ingredients: [14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3 egg whites, 34 cup granulated sugar, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup butternut squash puree, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus more for garnish, Pinch ground cloves, Pinch ground nutmeg, 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cubed, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, White royal icing, for assembly, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Butternut Squash Meringue Box Harvest Dessert, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 49765: {instructions: Special equipment: A small star cookie cutternAdjust 2 racks to the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Put a baking sheet or pizza stone on the bottom rack.nCombine the sugar with 4 cups of the blueberries in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, crushing up the berries with a wooden spoon to release their juices, and cook, stirring occasionally, until thick and reduced by half, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the flour and the remaining 2 cups blueberries. Transfer to a bowl and cool completely, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, fit one of the pie crusts into a 9inch pie plate and fold and crimp the edges as desired. Refrigerate while you wait for the filling to cool.nLine a baking sheet with parchment. Cut out as many stars as you can from the second pie crust. Arrange on the baking sheet. Bake on the upper rack until golden, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.nStir the cooled filling once and pour into the doughlined pie plate spread it out into an even layer. Place the pie on the preheated baking sheet, turn the oven down to 375 degrees F and bake until the crust in golden and the edge of the filling is bubbly, 55 to 60 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool. Press the stars into the filling, standing them up slightly. Let cool at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [2 refrigerated rolled pie crusts homemade or storebought, 34 cup sugar, 6 cups blueberries, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: 4Ingredient Blueberry Pie, picturelink: qAGalhosxPIq645mGvIzEqOB5ehKKe}, 49766: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 9inch square cake pansnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray the cake pans with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cayenne.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, eggs and the butter. Mix the wet ingredients into the dry, stirring until well combined. Fold in the Cheddar, and salsa, and divide the batter between the 2 pans.nPlace in the top half of the oven and bake for 30 minutes, until the center is firm to the touch and top is golden. Remove from oven, let cool and slice., ingredients: [3 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 3 cups buttermilk, 4 eggs, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 14 cup tomatillo salsa], title: Tomatillo Cheddar Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 49767: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 to 8 wooden skewersnPreheat the grill.nIn small saucepan, combine the apple juice, sugar, vinegar, cornstarch and zest blend well. Cook over medium heat until the sauce reaches a boil and thickens, stirring constantly. Pour the glaze into two separate bowls, about onethird to brush while grilling and the other twothirds for serving.nThread the skewers with sausage, bell peppers, onions and apricots. When ready to grill, place the skewers on the grill. Cook 4 minutes, then brush with the glaze. Flip and brush with the glaze again. Cook until hot and browned, 3 to 5 minutes more. Serve with the remaining glaze., ingredients: [23 cup apple juice, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 pound chicken sausage, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 bell pepper, cut into 1inch squares, 1 onion, cut into 1inch squares, 1 cup dried apricot sections], title: Sweet and Sour Smoked Chicken Sausage and Apricot Skewers, picturelink: null}, 49768: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and bake at 350 degrees. This can be baked in a pumpkin for 4050 minutes or in a casserole dish for 3035 minutes.nServe with your other favorite sides and enjoy, ingredients: [5 cups mixed bagel chips made from your favorite stores dayold bagels, cut in to thin slices and toasted under the broiler, 1 12 cups of your favorite apple cider hard cider may be substituted, but include 1c hard cider, and 1c water, 1 cup pumpkin chunks, 12 cup onions, 5 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons ground sage, 1 teaspoon rosemary or a sprig, 1 teaspoon ground, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Cider Bagel Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 49769: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl mix the sour cream, cheese dip, and ranch dressing mix with a wooden spoon. Set aside. Place the veggie sticks on a serving plate in 2 piles.nPlace the dip in small serving bowl. Dip freely, ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 1 cup cheese dip recommended: Tostitos Salsa con Queso, 1 envelope 1 ounce ranch dressing mix recommended: Hidden Valley, 1 container 14 ounces precut carrot and celery sticks], title: VegSticks with Cheddar Ranch Dip, picturelink: h8dHRT6SGWMxr6V63rP1FBkc31DdNG}, 49770: {instructions: Place the porcinis in a small saucepan, cover with the chicken stock and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Let simmer and reconstitute for 10 to 15 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the porcinis to a cutting board and chop them. Reserve the cooking liquid.nHeat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to a papertowellined plate. Add the carrots, onions and garlic to the pan and cook for a few minutes. Add the chicken livers and hearts, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the sage, juniper, rosemary, bay leaf and tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the red wine and vermouth and let simmer for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, breaking them up with a wooden spoon. Add the porcini liquid, making sure the grit in the bottom of the pot does not get added. Stir and then let the ragu simmer for 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup dried porcini mushrooms, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, cut into small dice, 1 small carrot, grated or finely diced, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped or grated, 8 ounces chicken livers 6 to 8 livers, cleaned and finely chopped, 2 to 3 ounces chicken hearts about 4 hearts, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 8 fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced, 4 to 5 juniper berries, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, stripped and finely chopped, 1 fresh bay leaf, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup Tuscan red wine, 14 cup sweet red vermouth, One 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes], title: Chicken Liver and Heart Ragu, picturelink: ms1E5aFsSemDJTy3JTD.G9SZh6Hhsu}, 49771: {instructions: Fill a shaker with ice. Add vodka and hazelnut liqueur and shake to combine. Dip lemon wedge into sugar. Strain vodka and hazelnut liqueur into a snifter or lowball glass. Bite lemon with sugar, then drink from snifter. Swallow, then exhale. Tastes just like German chocolate cake., ingredients: [2 cups ice, 2 ounces citrus vodka, 2 ounces hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 1 fresh lemon wedge, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: German Chocolate Cake, picturelink: bylcgoGffMFXRJijqADaOISY9Li12RO}, 49772: {instructions: Position oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and bake on the upper rack until lightly toasted, about 5 minutes let cool completely.nMix the butter and vanilla in a small bowl with a rubber spatula until smooth set aside. Put the pecans, brown sugar, flour and salt in a mini food processor and pulse until finely ground. Spread the turbinado sugar on a work surface and top with the puff pastry. Press to coat the pastry in sugar, then flip the pastry and roll out into a 12inch square.nSpread the butter mixture almost to the edge of the pastry, then sprinkle with the pecan mixture, pressing gently to adhere. Using your hands, roll 1 side of the pastry into the center, then roll the opposite side into the center to meet. Trim the ends of the roll.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Cut the dough crosswise into 12inchthick pieces. Arrange about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Brush with the beaten egg. Bake until golden, 7 to 10 minutes. Carefully flip the cookies using a thin metal spatula, switch the pans and continue baking until the cookies are crisp and golden, 7 to 10 more minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheets.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [13 cup pecans, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Pinch of kosher salt, 14 cup turbinado sugar, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed half of a 17ounce package, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Pecan Palmiers, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 49773: {instructions: In a small saucepan saute the onion and garlic in oil until tender without burning the garlic and set aside to cool.nCombine tuna, eggs, bread crumbs, onion mixture, and hot sauce, in a medium bowl and mix well. Shape into 4 patties mixture will be very soft and delicate. Refrigerate for 30 minutes to make the patties easier to handle. Coat a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and fry tuna patties for about 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until cooked through. These are fragile, so be careful when turning them. Serve on buns with tomato slices, Brie and kosher pickles. You may decide to serve wasabi on the side., ingredients: [13 cup minced onion, 2 cloves chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 pound fresh tuna, diced, 2 eggs, 12 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs, Hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, optional, Cooking spray, 4 hamburger buns, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 14 pound Brie, sliced, Sliced kosher pickles, Wasabi, for serving, optional], title: Tuna Burger, picturelink: null}, 49774: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeavily grease and flour the insides of three empty 15ounce cans.nIn a medium heatproof mixing bowl, pour the boiling water over the raisins and baking soda. Set aside to cool.nIn a medium mixing bowl, sift together the flour, sugar and salt. Stir in the bran flake crumbs. Lightly beat together the egg and oil, and stir into the flour mixture. Stir in the cooled raisins and water. Divide the batter evenly among the 3 cans, filling about threequarters of the way up. Bake on the lowest rack until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes.nCool for about 10 minutes and run a knife along the sides of the can to remove. If packing as gifts, just wrap in the can, ingredients: [1 cup boiling water, 1 12 cups raisins, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup crushed bran flakes, 1 large egg, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Margarets Raisin Bread, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 49775: {instructions: Completely defrost the spinach and squeeze out any excess liquid. Add the butter or olive oil to a skillet and saute the scallions about 2 minutes. Add the spinach and continue to cook about 5 minutes longer. Add the sesame oil, cheddar, and mozzarella, folding the spinach over the cheese until it melts. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the filling from the pan and cool before stuffing your blintz crepes.nIf you refrigerate the mixture, it is best to bring the spinach to room temperature, and drain again before stuffing or your blintzes will be soggy., ingredients: [4 cups frozen spinach, 3 tablespoons butter or extra virgin olive oil, 2 cups scallions, chopped, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 cup sharp cheddar cheese, grated, 1 cup mozzarella, grated, Salt and pepper], title: Ingrids Spinach and Cheese Blintz, picturelink: null}, 49776: {instructions: Heat clarified butter in an 8inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat.nWhisk eggs, salt, and pepper together very well. Pour eggs into hot skillet. Quickly jiggle skillet while cooking. Using a spatula, pull eggs away from side of pan to allow uncooked eggs to set. Sprinkle fines herbes over eggs.nRun a rubber spatula along the sides of omelet to loosen eggs from skillet. Slide spatula under left side of eggs. Fold 13 of omelet into the center. Lightly press down on folded omelet to seal.nLifting the pan to the plate, place spatula under right side of omelet. Lift and slide remaining unfolded part of omelet onto the plate. Using the edge of the pan, flip folded eggs over. You should have a threefold omelet with the flap on the bottom. Serve immediately.nClarified Butter:n12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butternPlace butter in a small saucepan and melt over low heat. Remove from heat and allow milk solids to sink to bottom. Skim any foam from surface, and then carefully pour off clarified butter, leaving solids behind.nYield: about 12 cupnFines Herbes:n2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsleyn1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon leavesn1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chervil leavesn1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh chivesnCombine ingredients in a small bowl.nYield: about 5 tablespoons., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Clarified Butter, recipe follows, 3 large eggs, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Fines Herbes, recipe follows], title: Making an Omelet, picturelink: null}, 49777: {instructions: For the butter: Whisk the butter, the honey, and lime zest in a bowl until smooth, or pulse to combine them in a mini food processor. Refrigerate until ready to serve with the pancakes.nFor the pancakes: Whisk together the flours, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, eggs, melted butter, and honey. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until just combined dont worry about lumps.nMelt 1 tablespoon of butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, drop the batter, about 14 cup at a time, into the skillet. Cook until the surface is bubbling and the bottom is golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip each pancake and cook until the bottom golden brown and the pancake is firm, about 2 minutes more. Remove the pancake to a platter and cover with foil. Repeat with the remaining batter, using more butter if necessary. Serve topped with the honey butter., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, softened, 14 cup honey, 1 lime, zest finely grated, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, melted, plus more for cooking pancakes, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Honey WholeWheat Pancakes with Honey Lime Butter, picturelink: 8efmswq90Fbty2RG58o7T9UHt8t0uO}, 49778: {instructions: Set potatoes on a cookie sheet and drizzle them with just enough oil to lightly coat them, about 1 12 tablespoons. Toss potatoes with cumin seed and roast 20 minutes at 400 F in a hot oven, then broil 5 minutes on high to brown edges of the cut potatoes. If you are making them with the Grilled Boneless Leg of Lamb, set the baking sheet with the potatoes in the oven along side the lamb on the same rack. Toss cooked potatoes with salt, to your taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds very small potatoes, halved, leave 1 12 inch potatoes or smaller whole, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, Coarse salt], title: Baby Potatoes with Cumin, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 49779: {instructions: Peel and thinly slice the carrots. Finely chop the onion. Peel and chop the garlic cloves. In a large saucepan, heat oil over medium heat. Add carrots, onion, garlic, and ginger and cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Meanwhile grate the orange to yield 2 teaspoon grated zest. Juice orange to yield 12 cup orange juice.nAdd chicken stock, orange zest, and bay leaf to cooking vegetables. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until carrots are tender about 20 minutes.nIn a food processor or blender, puree soup in batches until smooth return to saucepan. Stir in orange juice and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Mince cilantro or parsley to yield 2 tablespoons. Garnish each soup bowl with a dollop of sour cream or yogurt and sprinkling of cilantro and serve., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 bunch cilantro or fresh parsley, 14 cup sour cream or plain yogurt, 1 pound carrots, 1 medium onion, 6 garlic cloves, 12inch piece fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large orange, 4 12 cups chicken stock, homemade or reducedsodium canned broth, 1 bay leaf], title: OrangeGinger Carrot Soup, picturelink: null}, 49780: {instructions: In a glass bowl, whisk together the mustard, salt, pepper, vinegar, and shallot. Drizzle the olive oil over in a slow, thin stream, whisking all the time until the dressing is emulsified.nIn a large bowl, combine the lettuce with enough dressing to coat generously. Place a mound of the salad on each of 6 chilled plates and garnish with some of the diced egg white and a dusting of the sieved yolk., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 heads butter lettuce, pale inner leaves only, torn into bite sized pieces, 2 large hardboiled eggs, whites cut into 14inch dice and yolks pressed through a sieve], title: Mimosa Salad, picturelink: null}, 49781: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine cream, half and half, asaderostyle and Manchego cheese in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over low heat until cheese melts. Remove from heat. Add celery seeds and cayenne pepper. Season sauce with salt and pepper. Beat yolks in large bowl to blend. Gradually whisk in sauce. Add macaroni and stir to blend. Butter 4 quart baking dish. Pour macaroni and sauce into dish. Mix Cotija cheese and bread crumbs in small bowl. Sprinkle evenly over macaroni. Bake until sauce is bubbling and top is beginning to brown, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups whipping cream, 1 12 cups half and half, 12 pound asaderostyle cheese, shredded, 12 pound Manchego cheese, shredded, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 large egg yolks, 1 pound elbow macaroni, cooked, 12 cup grated Cotija, 12 cup bread crumbs, Chopped fresh parsley], title: Mexican Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 49782: {instructions: Special equipment: Six 12inch flat metal skewersnPreheat a grill for cooking over medium heat. Lightly oil the grill grates.nSpray a plate with cooking spray. Combine the ground beef, Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a large bowl. Gently mix together, being careful not to overwork and toughen the meat. Divide the meat into 8 evenly sized balls. Thread the balls onto two 12inch flat metal skewers, 4 balls per skewer be sure to leave a little space between each ball. Place the skewers on the plate, and spray them with cooking spray. Keep refrigerated until ready to grill.nPlace the 2 skewers on the grill and cover. Cook, flipping the skewers halfway through, until just cooked through, about 12 minutes. Remove from the grill and let cool slightly. Increase the heat of the grill to mediumhigh. Brush the meatballs all over with the remaining 2 tablespoons ketchup and cook until glazed.nMeanwhile, make 2 sandwiches consisting of 2 slices of American cheese between 2 slices of bread. Cut off the crusts, then cut each sandwich into 4 equalsized squares.nDrizzle the iceberg lettuce with some oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nBuild 4 skewers, each composed of: a cherry tomato, cheese sandwich square, meatball, a second cheese sandwich square, a second meatball, lettuce, 3 pickle slices, and a second cherry tomato.nLay out a piece of aluminum foil large enough to hold the 4 skewers. Spray the foil with cooking spray and place on the grill. Arrange the skewers on the foil. Cover and cook 2 minutes, then carefully flip the skewers. Cover the grill again to melt and brown the other side of the skewers, about 1 more minute. Serve the skewers with ketchup and mustard., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for oiling the grill grates and drizzling, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 pound ground beef, preferably 80percent lean, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons ketchup, plus more for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices American cheese, 4 slices white sandwich bread, 4 small cubes iceberg lettuce about 1 12 inches each, from 1 head, 8 cherry tomatoes, 12 slices dill pickle, Mustard, for serving], title: Grilled Cheeseburger Kebabs, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 49783: {instructions: Heat the wok over high heat and add the peanut oil. Add the garlic, ginger, chiles, black beans and rice wine if using and stirfry for less than 1 minute. Add the mussels and stirfry for less than 1 minute. Add the Chinese beer and the whites of the spring onions and cook until the mussels open, stirring occasionally. Discard any that do not open. Season the mussels with the light soy sauce. Sprinkle in the greens of the spring onions and the cilantro, serve immediately.nSERVINGS: 4 APPETIZER Calories: 290 Total Fat 12 grams Saturated Fat: 2 grams Protein: 29 grams Total carbohydrates: 14 grams Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 1 grams Cholesterol: 64 milligrams Sodium: 1,040 milligrams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 1 Fresno chile, seeded if desired and chopped, 2 heaping tablespoons fermented, salted black beans, washed and crushed, Splash Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, optional, 2 pounds mussels, washed and debearded, 2 cups Chinese beer, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 3 spring onions, chopped, whites separated and greens reserved for garnish, Handful fresh cilantro stems and leaves, roughly chopped, for garnish], title: Black Bean Mussels with Chinese Beer, picturelink: null}, 49784: {instructions: Place chocolate and hot water in the top of a double boiler, set over simmering waster, and heat and stir until chocolate is melted. Lightly beat yolks, add a little hot mixture, then stir back into pan and heat and stir over simmering water 12 minutes until no raw taste of eggs remains. Off heat, mix in vanilla. Beat cream until very thick and glossy it should almost form soft peaksand fold into chocolate mixture. Beat egg whites until soft peaks form and fold in, a little at a time, until no flecks of white show. Spoon into a serving dish, cover and chill at least 12 hours. Scatter with chocolate curls, if you like, just before serving., ingredients: [6 1ounce squares semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons hot water or strong black coffee, 5 eggs, separated, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Chocolate curls], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 49785: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and set the rack about 4 to 5 inches from the heat source.nHeat oil in large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute mushrooms until browned, seasoning with salt and pepper. Add onion and saute until tender.nWhisk eggs, egg whites, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Pour over vegetables in skillet and mix gently. Reduce heat to mediumlow, cover skillet, and cook until eggs are set around edges, about 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle with cheese and then place skillet under broiler and cook until cheese is melted and just browned, about 2 minutes. Let frittata stand 1 minute before cutting into 8 wedges. Serve with salad on the side.nArugula Salad:n1 large bunch arugula leaves, washed and driedn14 cup olive oiln1 lemon, juicedn10 grinds black peppernCouple pinches saltnCombine all ingredients in a large bowl. Toss to coat leaves with dressing and serve with the frittata., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 10ounce package mushrooms, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 8 eggs, 4 egg whites, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, Arugula Salad, recipe follows], title: Mushroom and Cheddar Fritatta and Arugula Side Salad, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 49786: {instructions: Trim the fennel bulb and reserve the fronds. Cut the bulb in half and remove the tough inner core. Using a sharp knife or a mandolin cut the fennel into very thin slices and put them into a large bowl. Cut the onion into very thin slices and add them to the bowl. Add the arugula to the bowl and give it a good toss. Pour in the olive oil and lemon juice, season it with salt and pepper, and toss it again to coat all the ingredients put the salad onto a large platter. Using a vegetable peeler, shave thin pieces of the ParmigianoReggiano and scatter them over the salad. Garnish with the reserved fennel fronds., ingredients: [1 large fennel bulb, 12 red onion, 1 bunch arugula, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small piece ParmigianoReggiano], title: Arugula and Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 49787: {instructions: Combine the yeast, sugar, and milk in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer fitted with a dough hook. Add 12 cup of the flour. Stir well, cover with a towel, and let rest in a warm place for 25 minutes.nMix in the olive oil, salt, and 1 cup of flour, until well incorporated. Add the remaining flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough adheres to the hook. It should remain soft and slightly sticky. Continue mixing for about 6 minutes, or until the dough is smooth and elastic.nRemove from the bowl, shape the dough into a ball, flatten slightly, and put into an oiled bowl. Turn to coat. Cover the bowl with a towel and put in a warm place for about 1 hour, to let the dough rise until doubled.nHeat the olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook slowly until very crisp. Remove to paper towels to drain. Reserve the pancetta and fat separately.nPut the potatoes in cold salted water, cover, and bring to a boil. Cook about 8 minutes, or until tender. Drain well and place in a bowl.nPour the pancetta fat over the warm potatoes, add the crisped pancetta, 1 teaspoon of the rosemary, salt and pepper to taste, and the lemon zest. Toss well and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Oil a baking sheet.nLightly flour the dough and punch it down. Turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead lightly until smooth. Roll out the dough into a rectangle about 12 by 10 inches. Brush off any excess flour and transfer to the oiled baking sheet. Brush the dough with olive oil and leave to rise for 30 minutes.nSprinkle the potato mixture onto the dough and press it in with the flat of your hand. Press your fingers into the dough to make evenly spaced indentations all over the surface, being careful not to puncture or tear the dough. Scatter the remaining rosemary over the dough.nBake for about 25 minutes, until the potatoes are golden brown and the bread is crisp on the bottom. Let cool in the pan to room temperature. Cut into squares, fingers, or triangles to serve., ingredients: [1 envelope active dry yeast, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup lukewarm whole milk, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting work surface, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, preferably gray salt, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 34 cup diced pancetta or bacon about 14 pound, cut in 12inch dice, 1 12 cups peeled and diced, new or russet potatoes about 12 pound, cut in 12inch dice, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, to coat the baking sheet and the dough], title: Potato Focaccia, picturelink: nJtW.HYCNamkBeiU7Qdlsp8JjwIPfNi}, 49788: {instructions: Add the first 3 ingredients to a blender and blend until smooth. Add to large milkshake glasses and top with marshmallows. Use a creme brulee torch to caramelize the tops of the marshmallows and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 scoops high quality vanilla ice cream, 1 22ounce bottle chocolate stout beer, 2 shots butterscotch schnapps, Marshmallows, for topping], title: Stout Shake, picturelink: 1AXDOAr3bqd.FDXkjDSRbP99bRO1RPC}, 49789: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWarm the oil in a large, ovenproof Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Season the brisket with salt and pepper on both sides, and then add the meat to the pot. Brown on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove from the pot and set aside on a plate.nTurn the heat down to medium and add the cinnamon stick, cloves, and cardamom pods they should sizzle upon contact with the oil in the pot. Once they start releasing their aroma less than 1 minute, add the onions and GingerGarlic paste. Sprinkle with a touch of salt to help them release some moisture. Saute until they soften and turn golden, about 10 minutes.nStir in the sugar and beer to the pot, scraping up any bits that may have stuck to the bottom. Carefully, using a pair of tongs, return the brisket to the pot. Then add enough broth to bring the liquid halfway up the brisket, about 1 cup. Bring the liquid to a boil, shut off the heat, cover, and transfer to the oven where it will cook away for 3 hours until its very tender. Remove the lid in the last half hour of cooking to reduce the liquid.nWhen youre ready to serve, check the gravy. Stir in the cider vinegar. If its too thick, dont be afraid to add a little water to thin it out. If its too thin, reduce it on the stovetop. Taste for seasoning depending on the brand of broth you used, you may want to add a little more salt.nWhen slicing the brisket, remember to slice across the grain, that way youll get the most tender pieces of meat. Spoon a little gravy over the top and enjoy a slice of brisket heavennThrow the garlic, ginger, and canola oil in a minifood processor and let it go until it forms a semismooth paste. There will still be tiny little pieces in there, but overall, it should resemble a paste.nSave what you dont use in a small glass jar it should last in the fridge for 2 to 3 weeks. Its a delicious addition to marinades, pasta sauces, stirfry sauces, slowcooker recipes, gravy etc. We always had a jar of this stuff in our fridge growing up., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 3pound beef brisket, trimmed of excess fat and silver skin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 2inch stick cinnamon, 10 whole cloves, 4 green cardamom pods, crushed, 2 pounds white onions, sliced 12inch thick about 3 medium, 3 tablespoons GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 22ounce lager beer recommended: Sapporo, 1 cup beef or chicken broth, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 12 cup cloves garlic, 12 cup 12inch slices fresh ginger, 14 cup canola oil], title: Beer, Ginger, and Garlic Braised Brisket, picturelink: gKpoxzRaCIPr8Ldg8TNDXw2hWxHbNvO}, 49790: {instructions: Fry bacon in a large skillet. As it begins to crisp, add the onion, celery and bell pepper. Cover and saute about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large Dutch oven, combine the tomato soup and ketchup and bring to a simmer. Season the fish with salt and pepper. Add to the soup along with the vegetables and bacon. Add diced pimentos. Add hot sauce, to taste. Cover and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, coarsely chopped, 3 white onions, diced, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 10ounce can tomato soup, 34 cup ketchup, 3 pounds skinless, firm, white fish fillets, cut into large chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dash hot pepper sauce, or to taste recommended: Tabasco, 1 small jar pimentos, diced], title: Earls Fish Stew, picturelink: null}, 49791: {instructions: Add coconut milk, sugar and salt to a saucepan and stir over medium heat until the sugar and salt dissolves. Reduce heat to medium low, add shredded coconut and cook for 5 minutes to soften. Make a slurry in a separate small bowl by gradually whisking 14 cup water into the cornstarch. Whisk slurry into the coconut mixture and allow to reduce and thicken until it is the consistency of yogurt. Transfer to serving dishes and chill., ingredients: [1 quart coconut milk, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup shredded coconut, 14 cup water, 14 cup cornstarch], title: Haupia Coconut Pudding Dessert, picturelink: null}, 49792: {instructions: Using a pestle and mortar or a food processor, crush the basil. Add the olive oil, cheeses, garlic, pine nuts, salt, and crush until a paste is formed.nServe with warm pasta, on top of pizzas, or plain with bread., ingredients: [2 cups fresh basil leaves, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup grated parmesan or romano, 12 cup grated grana Padano, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Traditional Pesto, picturelink: null}, 49793: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine all the ingredients for the pecan streusel and toss together with your fingertips until crumbly and evenly blended. Refrigerate until needed.nButter an 8 x 13inch glass loaf pan and dredge it with sugar.nIn the top of a double boiler, melt chocolate over simmering water. Add the brown sugar and cream, whisk until smooth and remove from heat. Cool for 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a very large bowl, whisk together thoroughly the eggs, egg yolks, sugar, and vanilla. Stir 14 cup of this custard mixture into the chocolate to temper it, then add all of the chocolate mixture back into the custard. Add the bread cubes to the bowl, toss until they are evenly coated, and let sit in the refrigerator for 20 minutes. Pour into prepared loaf pan and place in a larger pan. Fill the larger pan with boiling water to come halfway up the sides of the loaf pan. Top with pecan streusel and bake for about 2 hours, until center feels slightly firm. While cooking, make the Kahlua sauce.nIn the top of a double boiler, melt the butter and then add the Kahlua and sugar. Whisk until sugar is dissolved. Whisk 1 tablespoon of the Kahlua mixture into the egg to temper it, then return the whole mixture to the double boiler and cook, stirring constantly, over simmering water until slightly thickened. Strain into a warmed pitcher and cover with foil to keep warm.nSlice the warm pudding and serve with a pool of the warm Kahlua sauce on one side of the plate and a spoonful of whipped cream on the other., ingredients: [1 cup pecan halves, toasted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 14 cup flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 ounces unsalted butter, cut into tiny bits, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 34 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 1 12 cups cream, 6 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 loaf stale French bread, cut into 1 inch cubes, 13 cup unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces, 1 cup Kahlua, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 34 cup whipping cream, whipped to soft peaks, for garnish], title: Kahlua Chocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 49794: {instructions: Place the vin santo, sugar, cinnamon, cloves, vanilla bean, and zests in a large, shallow saucepan with 2 cups of water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes.nPeel the pears, leaving the stems intact, and scoop out the seeds from the bottom with an apple corer or melon baller. Lay half the pears on their sides in the poaching liquid and simmer for 20 minutes, carefully turning the pears once with a spoon. Remove with a slotted spoon. Poach the remaining pears in the same liquid. Snip off the hard stems from the figs with scissors. Add the figs, apricots, prunes, and the first batch of poached pears and simmer 5 to 10 more minutes, until the pears and the dried fruit are all tender.nChill the pears, dried fruit, zests, and poaching liquid. Remove the cinnamon, cloves, and vanilla bean before serving if you like., ingredients: [1 750 ml bottle vin santo, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 large cinnamon stick, 6 whole cloves, 1 vanilla bean, 1 orange, zest julienned, 1 lemon, zest julienned, 10 whole Bosc pears, 1 12 cups large dried figs, 1 12 cups large dried apricots, 34 cup large dried pitted prunes], title: Perfect Poached Fruit, picturelink: null}, 49795: {instructions: Add hay to the bottom of a pot. Season chicken with salt and pepper and place chicken and potatoes in a mesh strainersteamer on top of hay. Surround chicken and potatoes on all sides and top with more hay. Add chicken stock to pot and cook on medium heat. Chicken should be infused with hay flavor after 45 minutes of cooking.nTake chicken out of pot and cut into 8 pieces. Heat rondeau and add oil. When hot, add chicken. Brown chicken on all sides. Remove chicken and hold aside. Add garlic and red onion and saute until nicely brown. Add chicken back to rondeau and add in potatoes, cabbage and liquid from hay pot. Increase heat to high and cook until potatoes and cabbage are done and sauce has slightly thickened. Season with parsley, salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cleaned and rinsed, 4 pounds potatoes, peeled and quartered, 2 pounds hay, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 head cabbage, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, 1 large red onion, 1 tablespoon parsley], title: Chicken in a Hay Pot, picturelink: null}, 49796: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large skillet with the oil over medium heat and saute the onions until translucent. Remove to a large bowl and let cool.nAdd all the remaining ingredients, except the cheese and BBQ sauce, to the bowl and combine well. Liberally spray a baking sheet with cooking spray Take half of the ground beef mixture and form into a loaf on the baking sheet.nLay the strips of cheese on top of the meatloaf, then cover with the other half of the meat mixture. When finished it should look like a block of meatloaf.nBake in the preheated oven until the internal temperature registers140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. This should take about 1 hour but please check constantly as some ovens cook faster then others. About 5 minutes before the meatloaf is ready remove from oven and coat with the BBQ sauce. Return to the oven until nicely glazed.nRemove meatloaf from the oven to a cutting board and allow to cool. Cut the meatloaf into 1inch thick slices and put each slice between 2 pieces of rye bread. At this point you can add, tomato, lettuce and pickle, if you like., ingredients: [1 cup diced onion, 14 cup oil, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 2 cups Thousand Island dressing, 1 cup whole milk, 4 gloves garlic minced, 6 eggs, beaten, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound sharp Cheddar, cut into 1inch thick strips, 1 cup BBQ sauce, Butter cooking spray, 12 slices marble rye bread, for serving, Tomato slices, for serving, Lettuce, for serving, 4 dill pickles], title: Roller Coaster Reuben Burgers, picturelink: null}, 49797: {instructions: Spread the peanut butter onto the muffin and top with the strawberry and banana slices. Drizzle the honey on top and close the sandwich. Take a bite and enjoy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons natural, unsweetened peanut butter, 1 light, wholegrain English muffin, toasted, 1 strawberry, diced, 12 banana, sliced, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Peanut ButterBanana English Muffin Sandwich, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 49798: {instructions: Have a deepfryer preheated to 370 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the sesame oil, pork and garlic. Allow to cook for a few minutes then add fivespice powder, black pepper, Thai basil and lime juice. Turn heat off and add broccoli slaw mix.nLay egg roll wrappers out on a flat surface. Add about 2 to 3 tablespoons of the pork mixture and slaw mix to wrapper. Egg wash the sides of each egg roll wrapper. Roll egg roll wrapper over mixture, bringing in the sides and continue to roll until sealed.nFry until golden brown, about 2 to 4 minutes. Remove from oil onto paper towel lined platter and serve with Dipping Sauce.nIn a bowl, add a splash of mushroom stock to hoisin sauce. Add scallions and mix., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Pinch fivespice powder, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped Thai Basil leaves, 1 lime, juiced, 1 bag storebought broccoli slaw, 6 egg roll wrappers, 2 egg whites beaten with 12 teaspoon cornstarch, for egg wash, Dipping sauce, recipe follows, Mushroom stock, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped scallions], title: Pork Egg Roll with Broccoli Slaw, picturelink: DQa2d6xURYmYT2pxbjnAA4sZhwHIHm}, 49799: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a 13 by 9inch pan with foil, leaving 2 handles extended from the sides.nAdd the chocolate to a glass bowl set over simmering water. Stir constantly to melt the chocolate. Add the heavy cream, corn syrup, butter, salt, and cayenne. Stir until smooth and remove from the heat.nAdd the cherries and pistachios and stir to incorporate. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan and smooth out the mixture evenly with a rubber spatula. Sprinkle with the edible gold leaf on top. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour to firm up.nOnce the chocolate is firm, remove it from the pan, using the foil handles to lift it. Remove the foil from the bottom and cut the chocolate into chunks on a plastic cutting board with a sharp knife.nSprinkle with more edible gold leaf for garnish and package in metallic takeout boxes for guests to take home., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons corn syrup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon table salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup dried tart cherries, 1 cup shelled pistachios, Edible gold leaf, for garnish], title: Neelys Chunky Chocolate Delight, picturelink: fjbiPAE0Kn.OKY5QSVVWQ0OlMUDlcdG}}