{50700: {instructions: Tear the tortillas into small pieces toss with the chiles, sesame seeds, raisins, onion, garlic and fivespice powder in a bowl. Heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tortilla mixture cook, stirring, until the sesame seeds are toasted and the onion is slightly charred, about 5 minutes.nAdd the tomatoes and cook, stirring and scraping up any browned bits, until the liquid evaporates and the tomatoes start browning, about 6 minutes. Add the cilantro and 1 12 cups water bring to a boil, scraping up the skillet. Working in batches, transfer to a blender and puree until smooth, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a 6quart slow cooker.nSeason the pork all over with salt and pepper add to the slow cooker. Cover and cook on low, 8 hours.nBefore serving, pierce the sweet potatoes several times with a fork: microwave until tender, about 8 minutes. Remove the pork from the slow cooker and slice. Top with the sauce and more sesame seeds and cilantro. Serve with the sweet potatoes and tortillas.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 white corn tortillas, plus more for serving, 4 dried ancho chile peppers, stemmed, seeded and cut into 2inch pieces, 13 cup sesame seeds, plus more for topping, 14 cup raisins, 12 onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 teaspoons Chinese fivespice powder, 1 14.5ounce can crushed fireroasted tomatoes, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, 1 3pound bonein pork butt, trimmed of skin and excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 sweet potatoes], title: SlowCooker Mole Pork, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 50701: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degree F. Halve the pumpkin from top to bottom and place it, cut side down, on an oiled baking sheet. Bake until the pumpkin can be easily skewered, 45 to 60 minutes. Cool for about 20 minutes. With a spoon, remove the seeds and discard. Scrape the pulp and reserve. Discard the skin.nMelt remaining 1 tablespoon of the butter in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the bacon and onions, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and the bacon is just turning golden, about 7 minutes. Add the pumpkin and stock and simmer until the pumpkin falls apart, about 30 minutes. Let cool for about 20 minutes.nIn batches, puree the soup in a blender on high speed, 3 minutes per batch, until very smooth. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a clean soup pot and add the cream, orange juice, and nutmeg. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nIf the soup is too thick, correct the consistency with additional water or stock. Chop 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper. Whip 1 cup cream to soft peak. Stir peppers into cream. Ladle the hot soup bowls.nSpoon dollop of chipotle cream into soup., ingredients: [1 medium pumpkin, about 4 pounds, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 slices bacon, diced, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup for garnish, 14 cup orange juice, Large pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Whole leaves flatleaf parsley, as a garnish, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper in adobo sauce], title: Sugar Pumpkin Soup with Chipotle Cream, picturelink: null}, 50702: {instructions: In a punch bowl whisk together the grape juice, tangerine concentrate, club soda, lemon juice, and brandy and chill the mixture, covered, until it is cold. Add the AstiSpumante slowly just before serving and serve in punch glasses, garnished with the tangerine slices., ingredients: [2 24ounce bottles chilled unsweetened white grape juice, 6ounce can frozen tangerine juice concentrate, thawed, 1 cup chilled club soda, 14 cup strained fresh lemon juice, 14 cup brandy, 1 bottle 25.4 ounces chilled AstiSpumante, Thin tangerine or orange slices, halved, for garnish if desired], title: White Grape, Tangerine, and Asti Spumante Punch, picturelink: null}, 50703: {instructions: Add the rum, lime juice, maraschino and preserves to a shaker filled with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a Collins glass filled with ice and top with the sparkling water. Stir, and garnish with mint. And a straw. And a tiny umbrella. And no shame., ingredients: [2 ounces aged rum, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 12 ounce maraschino liqueur, 1 tablespoon apricot preserves, 2 ounces sparkling water, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Pump Up the Jams, picturelink: null}, 50704: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a mixing bowl, sift together flour, sugar, baking soda, and cinnamon. In another mixing bowl combine milk, oil and eggs. Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and beat in low speed until absorbed. Fold in carrots and pecans.nPour the batter evenly into a greased 9 by 13 by 2inch pan lined with parchment paper. Bake in 350 degree F. oven for 40 to 45 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Let cool completely in the pan. Remove cooled cake from pan and remove paper from the cake and cover cake with Frosting.nCombine softened cream cheese, softened butter, and vanilla extract, and beat until smooth. Add confectioners sugar and beat until light and fluffy. Fold in coconut flakes and chopped pecans., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 34 cups sugar, 1 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 34 cup milk, 34 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 3 cups finely grated carrots, 1 cup chopped pecans, Frosting, recipe follows, 6 ounces cream cheese, softened, 6 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar, 13 cup coconut flakes, 13 cup chopped pecans], title: Jesses Karat Cake, picturelink: null}, 50705: {instructions: Whisk the curry paste, canola oil and 14 cup lime juice in a mixing bowl. Place the steaks in a large baking dish and coat both sides in half the curry mixture. Cover the steaks and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 8 hours.nWhisk the honey and remaining 2 tablespoons lime juice in a bowl set aside half the mixture for dressing the cooked steaks.nHeat a grill to high, or heat a castiron pan or griddle over high heat. Remove the steaks from the curry mixture and sprinkle with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill the steaks until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides, brushing with the honeylime mixture a few times. Cook the steaks to mediumrare, about 12 minutes. Remove the steaks from the grill and let sit for 10 minutes before slicing across the grain into thin slices.nPlace the meat on a platter and immediately drizzle with the reserved honeylime mixture. Lay the tortillas on a flat surface and place the steak slices in the center. Top with the Pickled Roasted Peppers, Barbecued Onions and a dollop of Avocado Cream. Roll and eat.nFor the peppers: Combine the white wine vinegar, apple cider vinegar, sugar, salt and garlic in a small saucepan over high heat. Boil until the sugar dissolves. Remove the saucepan from the heat and cool to room temperature.nPut the red and yellow bell peppers and oregano in a medium bowl and add the vinegar mixture. Stir to combine. Cover the peppers and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 2 days before serving. Yield: about 3 cups.nHeat a grill to medium heat. Brush the onions with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Season one side of the onions with BBQ rub and place on the grill, rubside down. Grill the onions until lightly golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Flip the onions over and brush with BBQ sauce. Grill the onions until just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Separate into rings.nFor the crema: Blend 14 cup water, the avocados, rice vinegar and lime juice in a blender until smooth. Add the cilantro, salt and pepper and blend for a few seconds until incorporated. Yield: about 1 12 cups., ingredients: [14 cup red curry paste, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 pounds skirt steak, cut in half or thirds crosswise, 14 cup clover honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sixteen 6inch flour tortillas, wrapped in foil and warmed on the grill for 5 minutes, Pickled Roasted Peppers, recipe follows, Barbecued Onions, recipe follows, Avocado Crema, recipe follows, 1 cup white wine or rice vinegar, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 2 roasted red bell peppers, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 2 roasted yellow bell peppers, peeled, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 Vidalia onion, cut into 14inch thick slices, Canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, BBQ rub, such as Bobby Flay BBQ Rub, BBQ sauce, such as Bobby Flay BBQ Sauce, 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and chopped, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, Juice of 1 lime, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Curry Marinated Skirt Steak Fajitas, picturelink: l7SCZQ4Gl8EZczpx0rI.VhcgH5VNKwW}, 50706: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the julienned potatoes to a bowl filled with ice water while you heat the oil.nPreheat the oil in a cast iron skillet or fryer to 325 degrees F. In a small bowl, add all the spices and combine well.nRemove the potatoes from the ice water and pat dry with paper towels. Fry the potatoes, in batches, for 3 to 4 minutes to cook the inside. Remove the potatoes from the oil to a bowl and bring the oil up to 350 degrees F. Add the potatoes and fry again, in batches, this time to cook the outside until golden brown. They will not achieve the texture of a French fry, but will have a nice color and be slightly crispy.nRemove the potatoes from the oil to a paper towel lined plate. Transfer the potatoes to a serving bowl or platter. Sprinkle generously with the spice mix and sprinkle with malt vinegar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups peeled and julienned sweet potatoes, 3 cups vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic powder, 1 teaspoon granulated onion powder, 12 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons malt vinegar], title: Sweet Potato Fries with Malt Vinegar, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 50707: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the ground meats, both bread crumbs, parsley, Parmesan, salt, pepper, nutmeg, egg, and 34 cup warm water in a bowl. Combine very lightly with a fork. Using your hands, lightly form the mixture into 2inch meatballs. You will have 14 to 16 meatballs.nPour equal amounts of vegetable oil and olive oil into a large 12inch skillet to a depth of 14inch. Heat the oil. Very carefully, in batches, place the meatballs in the oil and brown them well on all sides over mediumlow heat, turning carefully with a spatula or a fork. This should take about 10 minutes for each batch. Dont crowd the meatballs. Remove the meatballs to a plate covered with paper towels. Discard the oil but dont clean the pan.nFor the sauce, heat the olive oil in the same pan. Add the onion and saute over medium heat until translucent, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Add the wine and cook on high heat, scraping up all the brown bits in the pan, until almost all the liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, parsley, salt, and pepper.nReturn the meatballs to the sauce, cover, and simmer on the lowest heat for 25 to 30 minutes, until the meatballs are cooked through. Serve hot on cooked spaghetti and pass the grated Parmesan., ingredients: [12 pound ground veal, 12 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground beef, 1 cup fresh white bread crumbs 4 slices, crusts removed, 14 cup seasoned dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 extralarge egg, beaten, Vegetable oil, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon good olive oil, 1 cup chopped yellow onion 1 onion, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 12 cup good red wine, such as Chianti, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, or plum tomatoes in puree, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds spaghetti, cooked according to package directions, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Real Meatballs and Spaghetti, picturelink: IoW6VGfsMWB133b3.XiheQjbejJphm}, 50708: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a tall wine glass about halfway with ice. Pour in the Aperol and then the Prosecco. Garnish with a lemon twist.nTry not to drink too many, ingredients: [1ounce Aperol, 5 ounces Prosecco, Lemon Twist], title: Chef Annes Sparkler, picturelink: LZntmATr.GWFbDMFsQLYoBCUGh5ieK}, 50709: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Four 12inch wooden skewersnPut the shrimp in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the oregano, crushed red pepper, grated garlic, lemon zest and juice and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Seal the bag tightly and use your hands to lightly massage the marinade into the shrimp. Marinate for 15 minutes at room temperature.nPrepare a grill or grill pan for high heat lightly oil the grill grates or pan. Soak the skewers in cold water.nPut the watermelon and cucumber in a mixing bowl. Put the feta and olives on top. If using the mint, scatter most of it over the watermelon mixture. Do not mix.nThread about 5 shrimp on each skewer. Halve the baguette piece lengthwise, then cut the pieces in half crosswise so you have 4 pieces. Brush the cut sides of the baguette with 2 tablespoons of the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put the bread cutside down on the grill along with the shrimp. Grill the shrimp until lightly charred in spots on both sides and just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Grill the bread until lightly charred, about 2 minutes. Remove the shrimp and bread to a plate.nLightly rub the cut sides of the halved garlic onto the hot bread. Put 1 piece of bread on each of 4 serving plates.nAdd the remaining 14 cup olive oil and a large pinch of salt and pepper to the salad, gently stir to combine and divide among the plates. Top each serving of salad with a shrimp skewer. Garnish with the remaining mint if using and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound large peeled and deveined shrimp, tails removed, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 large cloves garlic, 1 grated, 1 halved, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates, 12 medium watermelon about 3 pounds, rind removed, cut into 1inch cubes about 6 cups, chilled, 1 garden cucumber about 8 ounces, peeled, quartered lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces, One 4ounce block feta, cut into 14inch cubes, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, torn into large pieces, optional, 12 baguette, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Shrimp, Watermelon and Feta Salad, picturelink: uL6WmF14vX9a0bb6koboWs5BmqozUS}, 50710: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, stir together the parsley, raisins, olives, capers, pine nuts, olive oil, and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper stir in the couscous to moisten completely and season generously with salt and pepper.nPut the salmon in a single layer in a smallish buttered gratin dish or baking dish bottom measured 10 by 7 14 inches 2.8 liter the fillets should not touch one another. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and drizzle with a little olive oil. Now spoon the couscous mixture over the top of the fish so that it completely covers them and fills in the whole dish at the same time. Pour over the water. Drizzle with olive oil. Put the dish in the oven and bake 25 minutes. Use a large spoon to spoon out the salmon and the couscous.nNote: 1 cup couscous plus 1 13 cups water is a better quantity to serve 2 if you have a smaller gratin dish or baking dish remaining quantities are the same., ingredients: [12 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 14 cup golden raisins, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped green olives, 2 tablespoons capers, chopped, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups couscous see note, 2 6ounce salmon fillets skinned, 2 cups water], title: Salmon in a Couscous Crust, picturelink: XwFf0LLY1xFMiYtClOanQXF24KvqEW}, 50711: {instructions: I thought that this was the only way to make an omelet until I had the French and American kinds. Its funny we like ours thin and lightly browned, whereas the classic American version is fluffy and pale yellow. This almost reminds me of a Spanish frittata you can eat a quarter of it with a small salad and it makes a satisfying light lunch. My mum usually makes this for lunch when shes got a heavy dinner planned. Its one of my dads favorites This is also apparently one of those things that you can get at the train stations in India: jump onto the platform, grab a hot railway omelet and speed walk to work where you can nosh away in peace. BlissnGrab a bowl. Crack the eggs into the bowl and beat until lathery, about 1 minute. Whisk in the onion, chile, cilantro, turmeric, and paprika until well combined. Sprinkle with a big pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper.nGrab a 12inch nonstick skillet. Add the oil and warm over mediumhigh heat until mildly shimmering but not smoking. Have a spatulaspoonula at the ready. Pour egg mixture into the pan. Grab the spatulaspoonula and, in small circular motions, distribute the onions, chile, and cilantro evenly around the pan. This also helps move some of the uncooked egg down to the surface of the hot pan. Cover and cook for 2 12 minutes.nGrab a plate thats as big as your pan. Pull off the lid and look at your omelet. It might still look a little runny, but it shouldnt be super runny. If it is, then cover and cook 1 more minute. Slide the omelet, cooked side down, onto your plate. Then, holding the plate from underneath, put your pan over your plate, and flip so that the uncooked side lands on the pan. Cook, uncovered, another minute.nSlide onto serving plate, cut into 4, and serve., ingredients: [6 eggs, 34 cup finely minced red onion, 1 serrano chile, minced, seeds removed if you dont want it spicy, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro leaves, 34 teaspoon turmeric, 34 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon canola oil], title: Indian Omelet, picturelink: a8S4yf9Ps.k.oq2xUqwOxL.7XtO.ClC}, 50712: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray both sides of bread and press bread into small 12 cup muffin tin. If you do not own a muffin tin, disposable tins are available on the baking aisle of market. Place bread in oven and toast until golden, 7 or 8 minutes. Remove and reserve.nIn a skillet, melt butter into oil. Add onions and bay leaf, season with thyme, salt and pepper. Cook onions until caramel colored, 15 to 18 minutes.nTurn broiler on.nPlace spoonfuls of cooked onions in toasted bread cups. Discard bay leaf. Cover onions with cheese and set tarts under hot broiler to bubble and brown cheese. Serve hot., ingredients: [Olive oil cooking spray, 12 very thin slices white bread, crusts trimmed recommended: Pepperidge Farm, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 large onions, very thinly sliced, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 2 teaspoons ground thyme or poultry seasoning, Salt and black pepper, 1 pound Swiss cheese, shredded], title: French Onion Tartlets, picturelink: u3pYM4dxtVBq3qoO8JaZsBWbWSsPtQS}, 50713: {instructions: Combine the vodka, brandy, coffee liqueur and heavy cream in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake. Pour into 2 shot glasses and serve with a pinch of cinnamon., ingredients: [1 ounce vodka, 1 ounce brandy, 12 ounce coffee liqueur, 12 ounce heavy cream, Ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Warm Russian, picturelink: VSFV7Msol0vLvP5ka3TgDppuqfWgdF2}, 50714: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Preheat a griddle to 350 degrees F.nCombine the onion powder, garlic powder, pepper, and salt in a small bowl. Set aside.nLine a jellyroll or sheet pan with parchment paper, and place the ground chuck in the middle of the pan. Cover the meat with a large sheet of plastic wrap. Roll meat with a rolling pin until it covers the surface of the pan it should be very thin. Remove the plastic wrap, and sprinkle the meat with the seasoning mixture. Fold the meat in half, from side to side, using the parchment paper. Use a pizza wheel to cut the meat into 8 even squares.nWrap the buns in foil and place in the oven for 5 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, place the burgers on the griddle and cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side.nRemove the buns from the oven. Spread a small amount of mayonnaise on each bun and top with the burger and any other condiments, as desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound ground chuck, 8 3inch buns or rolls, split in half, 2 to 3 tablespoons mayonnaise], title: Mini Man Burgers, picturelink: T1QxLjbo1c4UUdGMaaIhAlt9RLgbAm}, 50715: {instructions: Transfer the icing into a resealable plastic bag. Cut 34inch off the corner of the plastic bag and set aside. Ice the top of each cupcake and sprinkle with the shredded coconut.nPlace a cherry into the center of each cupcake. Then, place the candles into the center of each cherry., ingredients: [2 16ounce containers creamy white frosting, 12 storebought cupcakes, uniced, 12 cup shredded sweetened coconut, 12 candied cherries, 12 birthday candles], title: Noel Cup Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 50716: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Top with a layer of phyllo and brush the sheet with the melted butter. Mix sugar and cinnamon. Scatter a layer of sugar across the butter coated pastry. Repeat with 2 more layers of pastry, then top with a final sheet of dough then cut pastry into long triangles, working from side to side of the cookie sheet, using a sharp paring knife or pizza wheel. Cover the pastry with another sheet of parchment paper and another cookie sheet. Place pastry in the hot oven and bake 15 minutes or until golden. Remove pastry from oven to cool.nBegin other recipes in your menu while pastry bakes.nWhen you are ready to serve dessert, heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 tablespoons butter. When butter melts, add bananas and saute 3 minutes. Sprinkle with brown sugar to coat bananas. When sugar melts around fruit, add rum and flame it. Pour rum from shot glass, not from the bottle, to prevent flame ups. When flame goes out and alcohol has evaporated, spoon warm bananas into cocktail glasses. Top with small scoops of French vanilla ice cream and garnish with phyllo triangles. Serve extra triangles on a pretty plate for sweet snacking., ingredients: [4 sheets phyllo dough, 13 by 17, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 bananas, thickly sliced, 2 bananas, sliced on an angle, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 shots spiced rum, 1 pint French vanilla bean ice cream], title: French Vanilla Ice Cream with Sauteed Bananas and Phyllo Triangles, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 50717: {instructions: Cook noodles in a large pot of boiling water until just tender, about 5 minutes, then drain in a colander. Rinse under cold water to stop cooking, then drain well. While noodles are cooking, stir together vinegar, oil, soy sauce, sugar, and salt until sugar is dissolved. Toss noodles with dressing, mint, and scallions., ingredients: [12 ounces dried soba noodles Japanese buckwheat noodles, 13 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 14 teaspoons sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, 1 12 cups thinly sliced scallions 1 12 bunches], title: Mint and Scallion Soba Noodles, picturelink: null}, 50718: {instructions: In a large pan, heat oil over high heat. Brown bratwurst in oil and reduce heat to medium. Add onions and garlic and cook until lightly caramelized. Add stock, paprika, caraway seeds, and sauerkraut and simmer for 45 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in fresh dill. Serve on baguette., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 2 pounds fresh bratwurst links, 2 onions, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon caraway seed, 4 cups sauerkraut, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 baguette], title: Bratwurst Stewed with Sauerkraut, picturelink: 09xJf0LCLu5fVaCWQihILgz9ZbS0OHG}, 50719: {instructions: In a large skillet cook the garlic in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until golden. Add the fennel, red pepper, dried red pepper and salt to taste and cook the vegetables, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth, cover and steam over moderately high heat for 3 minutes, or until tender. Add the drained pasta and fennel fronds and toss to heat. Transfer to a serving dish and serve with parmesan cheese., ingredients: [3 large cloves garlic, sliced thin, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup sliced fennel, 1 red bell pepper, cut into strips, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 pound penne, cooked and drained, Snipped fennel fronds, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Pasta with Garlic, Fennel and Roasted Red Pepper, picturelink: null}, 50720: {instructions: Make the crepes: Combine the milk, egg, flour, cocoa powder, confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon melted butter, the vanilla and salt in a blender pulse until smooth.nLightly brush a 10inch nonstick skillet with some of the remaining melted butter set over medium heat. Pour in 12 cup batter and swirl to coat the bottom of the pan cook until almost set, about 4 minutes. Flip with a rubber spatula and cook until set, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to a baking sheet and let cool. Brush the skillet with more butter and repeat with the remaining batter to make 3 crepes.nMake the filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spread the coconut on a baking sheet and bake until toasted, about 10 minutes let cool.nBeat the butter, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spread on the crepes, leaving a 12inch border. Sprinkle with the coconut.nStarting about 1 12 inches from the bottom of each crepe, arrange the kiwi, mango and raspberries in horizontal strips. Fold the crepes over the fruit to cover, then tightly roll up. Chill until firm, about 1 hour.nCut the crepe rolls into pieces. Thin the dulce de leche with 1 tablespoon water serve on the side.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 14 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 kiwi, peeled and cut into small wedges, 12 small mango, peeled and cut into sticks, 12 cup raspberries, 3 tablespoons dulce de leche or caramel sauce], title: Creme de la Crepe, picturelink: DFyyg1hVMJ2APJS1fmgK3LDVPW2GynC}, 50721: {instructions: Combine 1 tablespoon butter and the saffron in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the butter melts, about 1 minute. Let cool 5 minutes. Place the remaining butter and the fennel seeds in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Add the melted saffron butter, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and continue pulsing until the butter is bright yellow. Transfer to a piece of plastic wrap and form into a 4inch log freeze until firm, about 20 minutes. The saffron butter will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the sliced fennel, garlic, the juice of 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 tablespoons water in a 9by13inch baking dish. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons water and season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cover with foil and bake until the fennel is tender, about 20 minutes.nToss the tomatoes with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Scatter the tomatoes over the fennel. Set the halibut on top of the vegetables drizzle with the juice of the remaining 12 lemon and season with salt and pepper.nBake, uncovered, until the halibut is firm and no longer translucent, about 12 minutes remove from the oven and top each piece with a thin slice of saffron butter. Return the halibut to the oven and bake until the butter just begins to melt, about 2 more minutes. Serve with fennel fronds.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon lightly crumbled saffron threads, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 small bulb fennel, trimmed, cored and thinly sliced, plus fennel fronds for topping, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups yellow cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 4 8ounce centercut halibut fillets skinon], title: Roasted Halibut with SaffronFennel Butter, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 50722: {instructions: Heat in oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl mix chopped peanuts, granulated sugar and cinnamon set aside.nIn another small bowl, stir peanut butter and powdered sugar until completely blended. Shape mixture into 24 1inch balls.nCut roll of cookie dough into 12 slices. Cut each slice in half crosswise to make 24 pieces flatten slightly. Shape 1 cookie dough piece around 1 peanut butter ball, covering completely. Repeat with remaining dough and balls.nRoll each covered ball in peanut mixture gently pat mixture completely onto balls. On ungreased large cookie sheets, place balls 2 inches apart. Spray bottom of drinking glass with CRISCOr Original NoStick Cooking Spray: press into remaining peanut mixture. Flatten each ball to 12inch thickness with bottom of glass. Sprinkle any remaining peanut mixture evenly on tops of cookies gently press into dough.nBake 7 to 12 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheets to cooling rack. Store tightly covered.nHigh altitude 35006500 ft: No change.nFisher is a registered trademark of John B. Sanfilippo and Son, Inc. Elk Grove Village, IL 600076057 U.S.A.nrJIF is a trademark of The J.M. Smucker CompanynC and H is a registered trademark of C and H Sugar Company, Crockett, CAnDomino is the registered trademark of American Sugar Refining, Inc. Yonkers, NY 10750nrCRISCO is a trademark of The J.M. Smucker Company, ingredients: [14 cup Fisherr Dry Roasted Peanuts, finely chopped, 14 cup Dominor or C and Hr Granulated Sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup JIFr Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 cup Dominor or C and Hr Powdered Sugar, 1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyr Create n Baker refrigerated peanut butter cookies, well chilled], title: Winner: DoubleDelight Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 50723: {instructions: For the meatballs: In a large bowl, thoroughly combine the pork, garlic, soy sauce, rice wine, cornstarch, sesame oil, garlic, egg, scallion, salt and pepper. Divide the mixture into 8 portions and form 8 meatballs set aside.nFill a wok or large pot halfway with peanut oil. Heat the oil to 350 degrees F over mediumhigh heat. If frying in a wok, make sure that the wok is stable on a burner or wok ring.nFry the meatballs until golden brown and cooked through an instantread thermometer should read 165 degrees F, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and let drain on paper towels.nFor the sauce: Carefully transfer the oil to a heatproof container and wipe out the wok. Heat the wok over high heat and add the peanut oil. Stirfry the ginger for 30 seconds, and then stir in the hoisin sauce and honey. Bring to a simmer, and then cook for 1 to 2 minutes. If the sauce becomes too thick, stir in a little water to thin it out. Return the meatballs to the wok and toss them in the sauce to coat.nFor the sliders: Layer the bottom of the buns with shredded lettuce and a couple cucumber slices. Cut the meatballs in half and place half the meatball, cutside down, on the bottom bun. Add the top bun. Skewer half a cherry tomato with a sandwich pick and insert into the slider to hold it together. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches., ingredients: [1 pound lean ground pork, 1 tablespoon grated garlic, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 heaping teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 scallion, finely chopped, Pinch sea salt, Freshly ground white pepper, Peanut oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated ginger, 1 cup hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons honey, 16 slider buns or Hawaiianstyle sweet rolls, Shredded romaine lettuce, Cucumber slices, Cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Sweet and Sour Pork Sliders, picturelink: null}, 50724: {instructions: In small saucepan heat butter. Add mushrooms and cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until softened. Whisk in flour and cook for a couple of minutes to cook out the raw flour taste. Whisk in the tomato paste, then the liquid and bring to a simmer for a couple of minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nStir in shrimp, cover and simmer a minute just until cooked through. Whisk in additional milk or heavy cream to adjust the consistency. Finish with chives, and adjust the seasoning. Spoon this over hot biscuits and serve with steamed snow or sugar snap peas., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 12 cups liquid: 12 cup each of fish and chicken stock and milk, Salt and pepper, 1 pound net peeled, deveined shrimp, steamed through, coarsely chopped, Milk or heavy cream to thin if needed, 14 cup or more of snipped chives for garnish], title: Shrimp Sauce, picturelink: null}, 50725: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBegin by taking each salmon fillet, wrapping them around, and tying them with some kitchen twine. In a hot saute pan, sear the salmon fillets on 1 side, until crisp and golden brown. Flip the fillets onto the other side and place in the oven for 5 minutes.nTo make the avocado sauce, steep the lemon grass in fish stock and simmer on low heat for 30 minutes to infuse the flavor. Remove the lemon grass from the stock and discard. Place the stock in a blender, add the diced avocados, and blend until smooth. Lastly, add the chives for color and flavor.nIn a medium size bowl, combine the crabmeat, halved tomatoes, and lime juice. Toss lightly and set aside.nTo serve, place the salmon fillets in the center of each plate. Place a spoonful of the crab salad on the side and drizzle the avocado sauce around the plate., ingredients: [4 6ounce salmon fillets, Vegetable oil, 4 sprigs lemon grass, 4 cups fish stock, 2 avocados, peeled and diced, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 pound cooked crab meat, 12 ounces heirloom tomatoes, halved, 1 lime, juiced], title: Seared Salmon with Crab Salad and Avocado Sauce, picturelink: null}, 50726: {instructions: 12 cup Prosciutto Bits, recipe followsnFor the vinaigrette: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and salt. The salt crystals should dissolve. Whisk in the mustard, oregano, and black pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to form a smooth emulsion. Crumble in the blue cheese, if using. Pour the vinaigrette into a serving bowl to be passed at the table with a spoon. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nSet out 8 salad bowls, preferably clear glass so the guests can see the layers of vegetables. For each bowl, put down a layer of arugula and then a layer of fennel. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and sprinkle 1 tablespoon Parmesan and 1 tablespoon Prosciutto Bits over the fennel. Next, put down a layer of zucchini and a layer of red cabbage. Once again, season with salt and pepper to taste and sprinkle with Parmesan and Prosciutto Bits. Put down a layer of carrots over the top and finish with a small sprinkling of Parmesan and Prosciutto Bits.nServe the salads at room temperature. Pass the vinaigrette at the table. Allow guests to dress their own salads and mix up the layers., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, Pinch gray salt, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, optional, 2 cups baby arugula, 2 cups coarsely grated or thinly sliced fennel, about 2 small bulbs, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 cups coarsely grated green zucchini, 2 cups coarsely grated or thinly sliced red cabbage, 2 cups coarsely grated carrot], title: Shaved Salad with Prosciutto Bits, picturelink: 7E1z886VxhUpiBU6XIQcCscNVwJWhiq}, 50727: {instructions: For the breadcrumbs: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the anchovy paste and cook for 30 seconds. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute.nStir in the breadcrumbs and cook until lightly golden brown. Stir in the green onions, parsley and thyme and season with salt and pepper.nFor the shrimp: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and crispy, about 7 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels and reserve. Reserve the pan with the oil to cook the shrimp.nWhisk together the rice flour and 1 14 cups water in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Let rest for 5 minutes. Combine the cumin, ancho powder, chile de arbol, 2 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Season the shrimp on both sides with the spice mixture.nReturn the pan with the bacon fat to the burner and heat over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Dip the shrimp in the batter and let the excess drip off. Saute the shrimp in batches until lightly golden brown and just cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes per side.nFor the grits: Put the hominy in a food processor with 1 cup of the cream and pulse until coarsely chopped.nBring 2 cups of the shrimp stock to a simmer in a medium saucepan, add the hominy mixture and stir to combine. Cook until soft, about 5 minutes, adding more stock if needed. Add the Monterey Jack, Cheddar and the remaining cup of cream and cook until incorporated, about 2 minutes season with the cayenne, salt and pepper.nSpoon the grits into bowls. Top each with 5 shrimp for an entree portion or 3 shrimp for an appetizer. Sprinkle with the breadcrumbs and garnish with the reserved bacon., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste or 3 anchovy fillets, patted dry, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 green onions, green and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 34 pound thickcut bacon, cut into lardon, 1 12 cups rice flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground ancho powder, 12 teaspoon chile de arbol powder, 1 pound large shrimp 2124, peeled and deveined, Two 15ounce cans hominy, drained, rinsed well and drained again, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 to 3 cups shrimp stock, crab stock or vegetable stock, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 1 cup grated aged Irish Cheddar or other good quality aged Cheddar, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hominy Grits with Shrimp Two Ways, picturelink: v7ZA384qsGaLVM.ONnpi8pORpWINEK}, 50728: {instructions: For the vinaigrette, drain and roughly chop the green peppercorns. Place them in a steel mixing bowl with the vinegar. Whisk in the olive oil, and then the honey. Place the mixture in a small sauce pot with the tarragon and warm over medium heat. Do not boil. Cook for about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and cool.nFor the steaks, season heavily with salt and fresh cracked pepper. Warm 1 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a heavy bottom pan. Pan sear the steak on each side for about 4 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons whole butter, 1 bay leaf and chopped shallots to the pan and baste the steaks with the browning butter. Remove the pan once the steaks are at the desired temperature.nFor the vegetables, peel and then cut if necessary the vegetables to similar sizes. In a heavy bottomed skillet gently brown the vegetables until golden brown and tender. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve place the steak on a large dinner plate. Add some of the vegetables, and finally, spoon some of the vinaigrette over the beef and vegetables. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons green peppercorns, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons honey, Fresh tarragon sprigs, 6 beef Delmonico steaks, with bone, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 bay leaf, Chopped shallots, Baby vegetables], title: Pan Roasted Beef Delmonico with Sweet Green Peppercorn Sauce and Browned Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 50729: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 wooden skewers soaked for 2 hours in water or 4 metal skewersnHeat the cumin, garam masala and cardamom in a dry pan, over low heat, until fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the onion powder and garlic then transfer the mixture to a bowl. Add the yogurt, paprika, curry powder, cilantro, salt and pepper.nThread 4 cubes of lamb on each skewer, alternating with scallion pieces and leaving about 13 of the skewer as a handle. Arrange them in a shallow glass baking dish and pour the yogurt mixture over them, turn to coat if needed. Allow to marinate for 1 hour to overnight, in the refrigerator. Brush the grill with an oiled paper towel and preheat it to mediumhigh. Arrange the skewers at angle for nice grill marks and grill 3 to 4 minutes per side for mediumrare, 5 to 6 minutes per side for medium. Transfer the skewers to a serving platter and garnish with lime wedges and cilantro.nServe with basmati rice with cilantro or orzo with spinach and butter and a side of raita yogurt sauce with vegetables, if desired., ingredients: [1 teaspoon cumin powder, 1 teaspoon garam masala, Seeds from 3 cardamom pods 12 teaspoon ground in mortar and pestle, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 3 tablespoons bottled minced garlic or 8 cloves minced, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 3 tablespoons Indian curry powder, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, plus leaves for garnish, 2 teaspoons kosher salt or Hawaiian sea salt, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 1 pound boneless leg of lamb, trimmed and cut into 1inch cubes, 4 to 5 scallions, cut into 1inch pieces, Basmati rice with cilantro or orzo with spinach and butter, for serving, Lime wedges and a side of raita yogurt sauce with vegetables, for serving], title: Grilled TandooriStyle Lamb Skewers, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 50730: {instructions: Mix 4 tablespoons melted butter, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon each curry powder, cinnamon and vanilla extract, a pinch of salt and a splash of dark rum in a bowl. Slice a pineapple in half lengthwise keeping the top attached, then cut each half into 3 long wedges cut out the core. Place 2 wedges on a sheet of foil brush with the spiced butter and fold up. Repeat to make 2 more packets grill over medium heat until the pineapple is soft and golden on the bottom, 15 to 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Glazed Pineapple, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 50731: {instructions: Preheat grill. Toss potatoes with 14 cup olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill cut side down for 3 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling 2 to 3 minutes. Place in a large bowl.nPlace medium skillet on the side burner or the grill and heat until almost smoking. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and crisp. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels. Let cool and crumble.nRemove all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the pan. Add the onions and cook until soft, 5 to 6 minutes. Add 14 cup olive oil, vinegar, and sugar and cook until sugar is dissolved. Pour the onion mixture over the potatoes, add the crumbled bacon and parsley and toss to combine, season with salt and lots of black pepper. Spoon the salad onto a large platter and sprinkle with the crumbled blue cheese., ingredients: [4 pounds new potatoes, scrubbed, cooked until almost tender, drained, and halved, 14 cup olive oil, plus 14 cup, Salt and freshly ground black, 34 pound hickory smoked bacon, 1 large red onion, finely sliced, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 cup crumbled Maytag blue cheese], title: Grilled Red Potato Salad with BaconBlue Cheese Vinaigrette, picturelink: z40khY.DltJWAGk2Opjy3TS81vyPV7q}, 50732: {instructions: Heat a large deep skillet with a heavy bottom and a lid over mediumhigh heat. Add bacon to the pan and brown. Remove crisp bacon bits with slotted spoon. Add 1 12 tablespoons butter to the pan and melt into bacon drippings. Add mushrooms to the pan and turn to coat evenly with butter and bacon drippings. Season the mushroom slices with salt and pepper. Saute mushrooms 2 to 3 minutes and add onions to the pan. Continue cooking onions and mushrooms 2 to 3 minutes longer, then transfer to a plate and return pan to the heat. Add remaining butter to the pan and melt it, then add meat to very hot pan and brown evenly on all sides, keeping the meat moving. Add flour to browned meat in the pan and cook the flour 2 minutes. Add wine to the pan slowly while stirring. When the wine comes up to a bubble and you have scraped up the pan drippings, add the stock and bouquet of fresh sage and thyme sprigs to the pot. Cover the pan. When the liquid boils, reduce heat to medium. Cook covered 5 minutes, remove lid and add mushrooms, onions and bacon back to the pot. Simmer with the cover off until sauce thickens a bit. Adjust seasoning and remove herb bouquet.nToss hot egg noodles with butter and herbs. Place a bed of noodles in a shallow bowl and pour beef burgundy over the noodles and serve., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 16 white mushrooms, medium in size, wiped with damp cloth to clean, thinly sliced, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, defrosted and drained, Salt and pepper, 2 pounds lean sirloin, 1inch thick, trimmed and cubed into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup burgundy wine, 1 12 cups storebought beef stock, Bouquet of 3 or 4 sprigs each sage and fresh thyme, tied with kitchen string, 12 ounces wide egg noodles, cooked to package directions, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 handfuls, 12 blades fresh chives, snipped or finely chopped], title: Sirloin Beef Burgundy: Boeuf Bourguignon, picturelink: null}, 50733: {instructions: Butter a large plate and set aside. In a heavy saucepan, bring the sugar, buttermilk, and salt to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook to the soft ball stage, removing from the heat immediately when the candy thermometer reaches 234 degrees. Add the vanilla and peanut butter, and stir with a wooden spoon to blend. Then beat energetically with the spoon until the fudge begins to lose its gloss and starts to thicken. Pour quickly onto the plate. Allow to cool to room temperature before cutting., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup buttermilk, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup creamy natural peanut butter], title: Buttermilk Peanut Butter Fudge, picturelink: null}, 50734: {instructions: Garnish: mesclun and fresh chivesnIn a bowl stir together creme fraiche, zests, juices, tarragon, and salt and pepper to taste. Chill sauce, covered, 1 hour to blend flavors.nCut 3 inches of cucumber crosswise into very thin slices and reserve. Reserve 8 endive leaves for garnish and cut remaining cucumber and endive into 2inch long matchsticks.nJust before serving, coarsely chop lobster and in another bowl stir together with 34 cup sauce. Stir matchstick vegetables into remaining sauce.nLine 4 Martini glasses with reserved cucumber slices. Divide matchstick vegetable mixture among glasses and top with lobster salad. Cut reserved endive lengthwise into 14inch thick strips. Garnish salad with endive, mesclun and chives., ingredients: [1 cup creme fraiche, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 English cucumber, 2 Belgian endives, 1 12 pounds cooked lobster meat from about 3 1 12pound lobsters], title: 2Diefor Lobster Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 50735: {instructions: Summer roll: Place all ingredients except rice paper in a bowl with the white vinegar and sugar. Reconstitute rice paper with the hot water. Fill paper with vegetables, crab and sausage. Roll up and slice into 2 pieces. Repeat with remaining rice papers.nSweet and sour sauce: Cut pineapple, put in blender and strain out the juice. Add the juice, vinegar, sugar and Sriracha to a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Combine the cornstarch and water and slowly add to the simmering sauce. When thickened, remove from the heat. Chill and pout into a squeeze bottle.nScallionCilantro Puree: Put all ingredients for puree in blender, blend until smooth and pour into squeeze bottle.nPrawns: Split tails open on the prawns and remove antennas. Crush the Szechwan peppercorns and season prawns along with the salt. Add the oil to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once heated add the prawns, remove the head and drizzle juices on tail.nGarnish: Plate mache, top with summer roll slightly off center and a prawn. Dust all with gold leaf and sauce the plate with scallioncilantro puree. Dot plate with sweet and sour sauce and garnish prawn tails with edible orchid., ingredients: [1 cup julienned carrot, 1 cup julienned cucumber hothouse, 1 cup julienned bamboo shoots fresh, 12 pound Dungeness crab, 1 cup julienned Chinese sausage, chilled, 4 pieces rice paper, 2 quarts hot water, 1 cup white vinegar, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 fresh pineapple, 14 cup Chinese red vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup water, 12 bunch fresh scallions, 14 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 14 finger fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 13 cup olive oil, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 prawns, shell and tails intact, 2 tablespoons Szechwan peppercorns, 2 tablespoons salt, 14 cup olive oil, for sauteing, Mache, for garnish, Gold leaf, for garnish, Edible orchids, for garnish], title: Golden Summer Prawns, picturelink: null}, 50736: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the leftover chicken and vegetables. Put a wrapper onto a clean work surface with the corners of the wrapper facing North, South, East and West. Spoon about 2 to 3 tablespoons of the filling on the bottom third of the wrapper. Dampen the edges of the wrapper with some water to help it seal. Fold the bottom edge of the wrapper up over the filling and roll up half way. Fold the 2 side corners in toward the middle and continue to roll, pulling back slightly as you roll, to ensure a tightly wrapped spring roll. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling. Cover with a damp towel to keep them from drying out.nHeat the canola oil in a highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F.nAdd the spring rolls, 3 or 4 at a time, to the hot oil. Fry on all sides until crispy and golden brown in color, about 2 to 3 minutes per s side. Transfer the rolls to a serving platter and serve with the peanut dressing, for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup leftover vegetables from Thai Chicken Wraps recipe, 14 cup leftover chicken from Thai Chicken Wraps recipe, 8 spring roll wrappers, 1 to 2 cups canola oil, 14 cup leftover peanut dressing from Thai Chicken Wraps recipe], title: Thai Chicken Spring Rolls, picturelink: Al0spcioRHspo96flzyoWz5ilRq2FC}, 50737: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: In a small bowl, combine cilantro, garlic, lemon zest and juice and season with salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil, whisking to incorporate all the ingredients. Taste for seasoning and adjust with salt and pepper, if necessary, and set aside.nFor the fish: Heat the olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet placed over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the cod with salt and pepper. Once the pan is hot, sear the cod for 3 to 4 minutes on the first side. Add the butter to the pan and allow it to melt. Once the butter has melted, flip the cod and finish cooking it on the other side, 3 to 4 minutes more, or until just cooked through.nTo plate: Place a spoonful of Creamed Corn onto a plate. Set a piece of fish over the corn and spoon over the cilantro vinaigrette.nIn a large saute pan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the corn kernels and corn milk to the pan, as well as the garlic. Season the corn with salt and pepper and saute for 5 minutes. Add the cream, bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until it has reduced by half, 5 to 7 minutes. Once the cream has reduced, remove the pan from the heat. Carefully transfer half of the mixture to a food processor or blender and puree until smooth. Add the pureed portion back to the pan and place over heat to warm through. Season the creamed corn with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, grated, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 6ounce Pacific cod fillets, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, Creamed Corn, for serving, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 ears fresh corn, husks removed, kernels cut off the cob and milk scraped from the cob with the back of a knife, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 2 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Pan Seared Pacific Cod with Cilantro Vinaigrette and Creamed Corn, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 50738: {instructions: Fill a large pitcher or bowl with ice. Add whiskey, apples, cinnamon syrup and apple schnapps. Pour in cranberry juice and splash of sweet and sour mix.nPout into glasses and garnish with cinnamon sticks and red apple slicesnIn a small sauce pot add water and cinnamon and bring to boil. Simmer for 10 minutes, and strain out cinnamon sticks. Bring water back to a boil, add sugar and stir until sugar is dissolved.nYield: 3 12 cups, ingredients: [Ice, 5 ounces whiskey, premium quality, 2 red apples, cored and sliced, plus more for garnish, 4 ounces Cinnamon Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 ounces apple schnapps, 1 12 cups cranberry juice, Splash sweet and sour mix, Cinnamon sticks, for garnish, 2 cups water, 4 cinnamon sticks, 1 12 cups sugar], title: Red Apple Hooch Bowla, picturelink: ILO.gQWwHAbRhYYY2U08fVhZjeFC2JG}, 50739: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. Brown the beef in batches. Add the garlic and bacon, and saute until brown. Deglaze with the wine, and then add 8 cups water, the stock, tomatoes, tomato sauce, Worcestershire, bouillon, bay leaves and tomato paste. Bring to a simmer, then carefully transfer the stew to the oven. Braise the beef for 1 hour.nAdd the potatoes, carrots, celery, onions, sugar and sherry and return the pot to the oven. Cook until the vegetables are cooked through, 30 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [14 cup garlic oil, 4 pounds boneless short ribs, cut into 1inch cubes, 10 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup 14inch diced bacon, 2 cups red wine, such as cabernet, 6 cups chicken stock, 6 cups diced tomatoes, 14 cup tomato sauce, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons beef bouillon, 3 bay leaves, One 8ounce can tomato paste, 12 red potatoes, quartered, 4 carrots, chopped, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 3 onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon cooking sherry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Alley Beef Stew, picturelink: null}, 50740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle both sides of the beef with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in an ovensafe medium skillet over high heat. When the oil is hot, carefully place the filet in the pan. Cook until browned on both sides, about 3 to 4 minutes a side. Transfer the steak to the oven and bake until a meat thermometer reads 130 degrees F. for mediumrare, about 5 to 6 minutes. Remove the beef from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes.nHeat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and the shallots and cook until golden brown and tender, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme, white wine, salt, and pepper and continue to cook until all of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, put the Gorgonzola, mayonnaise, and mustard in a food processor and combine until smooth. Transfer the Gorgonzola mixture to the skillet with mushrooms and shallots. Gently stir the cheese mixture into the mushroom mixture.nSlice the beef and serve topped with a dollop of the cheese sauce. Reserve leftover sauce for another use., ingredients: [1 4 to 6ounce petite filet of beef, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 14pound about 1 cup dried porcini mushrooms, soaked and strained, 1 shallot, sliced about 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup dry white wine, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 ounces about 3 tablespoons Gorgonzola, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard], title: Petite Filet with Gorgonzola and Porcini Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 50741: {instructions: Cook fusilli according to package directions.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the broth in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and cook 5 minutes, until golden brown on all sides.nMeanwhile, in a blender, combine parsley, remaining broth, pistachio nuts, and garlic. Process until smooth, adding more broth, if necessary, to create a saucelike consistency.nAdd sauce to chicken in skillet and cook 1 minute to heat through. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 1pound box fusilli, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon reducedsodium chicken broth, and more if needed, 1 pound cubed chicken, 1 packed cup fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons roasted pistachio nuts, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, Salt, Ground black pepper], title: Chicken with PistachioParsley Pesto, picturelink: UKjfJ6cbitevF6TVN2gSIGqYuCKBgxS}, 50742: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. With a pastry brush, butter the madeleine molds well with some of the clarified butter.nIn a food processor, grind the almonds with the sugar to a very fine texture. In a large bowl with an electric mixer cream the butter, add the almond mixture, beating, and beat the mixture until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and then beat in the rind. Into a bowl sift together the flour, baking powder and the salt and add to the butter mixture, alternately with the lemon juice, beginning and ending with the flour mixture and blending the batter after each addition. Using an offset spatula, spread the batter into the buttered madeleine molds, scraping off any excess batter with the edge of the spatula. Place the filled molds on a baking sheet. Bake the madeleines in the lower third of the oven for 10 minutes, or until golden at the edges. Turn them out onto a rack to cool. Wash and dry the molds, butter again and repeat process with remaining batter.nSift the confectioners sugar over the cooled madeleines prior to serving., ingredients: [12 cup clarified butter, 1 cup blanched almonds, 1 cup sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon rind, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon double acting baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Confectioners sugar for garnish], title: Lemon Almond Madeleines, picturelink: null}, 50743: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift the cake flour, 34 cup superfine sugar and the salt onto a piece of parchment paper. Sift the flour mixture a second time onto another piece of parchment set aside. Beat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until frothy, about 1 minute. Add the cream of tartar and continue beating until soft peaks form, about 4 more minutes. Gradually beat in the remaining 1 cup superfine sugar increase the speed to high and beat until the egg whites are stiff and glossy, about 7 minutes. Beat in the vanilla, rosemary, thyme and lemon zest.nUsing a rubber spatula, gently fold in the flour mixture, 14 cup at a time, until fully incorporated with no pockets of dry ingredients. Transfer the batter to an ungreased 10inch angel food cake pan. Bake until golden and the cake springs back when pressed, 40 to 45 minutes. Invert the cake pan onto a small funnel or bottle neck and let cool completely, at least 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the compote: Combine the brown sugar, rum, 12 cup water and the rosemary and thyme sprigs in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat simmer, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Add the pineapple, return to a gentle simmer and cook until the pineapple is softened and the liquid is syrupy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the vanilla. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate, stirring occasionally, until cool, about 1 hour. Remove the herb sprigs.nLoosen the edge of the cake with a knife, tap the sides of the pan against the counter and unmold the cake onto a platter. Slice and serve with the compote.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 1 34 cups superfine sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, Finely grated zest of 2 lemons, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup dark rum, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 sprig thyme, 1 medium pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: RosemaryThyme Angel Food Cake with Pineapple Compote, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 50744: {instructions: For the eggplant: Slice the eggplant in half lengthwise, and then into 14inch halfmoon slices. Put on a cookie sheet lined with paper towels and sprinkle with salt. Allow the salt to extract some of the moisture from the eggplant slices for at least 10 minutes while you prep the rest of your ingredients.nTake three plates and fill one with the flour, one with the beaten eggs and the third with the breadcrumbs. Dry the eggplant slices with the paper towels. Then coat each slice in the flour, then the eggs and finishing with the breadcrumbs. Allow these slices to rest for a minute this will make the coating stick a little better and dry out to make a crispier crunch.nCoat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat with enough vegetable oil for shallow frying. Fry the eggplant slices in batches until golden brown, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and pepper as soon as soon as they come out. Allow to cool completely.nFor the tomato concasse: In a saute pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions, oregano and chile flakes if using, and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the tomatoes, lower the heat and simmer until the sauce is thick and chunky, about 10 minutes. Cool completely.nFor the empanadas: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Roll out each sheet of puff pastry dough to a 12by12inch square and cut four 6inch rounds out of each sheet. Place 1 slice eggplant in the middle of the dough round. Top with a tablespoon of tomato concasse, followed by a piece of the mozzarella cheese. Fold the dough over and seal using the back of a fork. Whisk the egg with a little water and brush the empanadas. Sprinkle a little dried oregano and the Parmesan on the tops. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes.nPuree the remaining tomato concasse thatll be your dipping sauce for the empanadas., ingredients: [1 Japanese eggplant, Kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup dry breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, Pinch crushed red chile flakes, optional, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, drained and chopped, 4 fresh basil leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 packages 17 ounces or more puff pastry, thawed, 8 ounces lowmoisture mozzarella cheese, sliced into 14inchthick slices and then into 12inchby3inch rectangles, 1 large egg, Dried oregano, for sprinkling, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Eggplant Parm Empanadas, picturelink: ZA51FLykmoxfMbDMm2rc.XRYUPk9WDK}, 50745: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard size muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners.nCombine the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Cream on mediumhigh speed until the mixture is light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the bowl and add the egg and banana puree. Cream for an additional 3 minutes. Scrape down the bowl, and then add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. Mix for 30 seconds on low speed. Add the toffee bits and buttermilk. Stir on low speed until combined.nFill the prepared cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until golden brown and baked through, about 25 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the filling: Stir the dulce de leche and toffee bits together until fully combined. Place in a pastry bag with a round tip large enough to allow the toffee bits to pass through without becoming lodged.nFor the icing: In a bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, beat the butter on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. Add the cream cheese and mix on mediumhigh speed until well combined and lump free. Scrape down the sides of the mixer bowl and add the powdered sugar. Stir on low speed until well combined. Add the vanilla extract and beat on mediumhigh speed for 2 minutes. Remove from the mixer and stir in the dulce de leche in by hand to create a marbled appearance. Place in a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip.nTo assemble: Using an apple corer, remove the center core of the cupcakes and fill with Dulce ee Leche Toffee Filling. Pipe the Caramel Cream Cheese Icing generously on top of each cupcake. Using a paring knife, gently poke the freezedried ice cream to create separated chunks. Place 4 chunks on top of each cupcake. Dredge the outer rim of each cupcake in the miniature chocolate chips.nA contestant, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 ounces unsalted butter, 2 12 ounces light brown sugar, 2 ounces granulated sugar, 1 34 ounces whole egg, 6 14 ounces ripe banana puree, 7 ounces cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 12 ounces chocolate toffee candy bar bits, 2 ounces buttermilk, 7 ounces prepared dulce de leche available at LatinAmerican grocery stores, 3 12 ounces chocolate toffee candy bar bits, 7 12 ounces butter, softened, 24 ounces cream cheese, 12 ounces powdered sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 9 ounces prepared dulce de leche available at LatinAmerican grocery stores, Freezedried chocolate chip ice cream recommended: Astronaut Foods, Miniature chocolate chips], title: Banana Toffee Cupcakes, picturelink: VeW89omuK.JhPPJtWmxI08azthsnz2}, 50746: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, heat olive oil until almost smoking. Season the fish, and place in the pan, skin side down, to sear. When the skin side is brown, turn the strips over. Add the sprigs to the pan and place in oven to finish cooking 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, arrange 1 large Garlic Potato Pancake just off center on each of 4 dishes. Drizzle the Pea Puree around the potato pancake decoratively. Drizzle the aged balsamic in a contrasting pattern.nTake the fish from the oven and place 4 strips of fish leaning on the potato cake. Serve hot.nRemove peas from their pods and rinse. In large quantity of salted, boiling water, cook until they loose their crunch. Place in blender and puree. Add ice and extravirgin olive oil to assist in puree. Season and pass through fine strainer. Reserve in refrigerator until ready to use.nRoast the potatoes in a 450 degree F oven until cooked, about 30 minutes. Remove skins and pass the potatoes through a food mill into a bowl. Add the chives, shallots and garlic and mix. Season the mixture, and add two egg whites whipped to soft peaks. Adjust consistency with flour. Form into 4 large pancakes, dredge in flour, and saute in olive oil until golden brown on both sides and heated through., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 striped bass fillets, cut into 4 strips across, Olive oil, for searing, 4 each large sprigs thyme, Garlic Potato Pancake, recipe follows, Pea Puree, recipe follows, 25 year balsamic vinegar, as a garnish, 12 pound peas in pod, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 Yukon Gold potatoes, 1 bunch chives, sliced in fine rings, 4 shallots, peeled and chopped fine, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped fine, 2 egg whites, whipped into soft peaks, Flour, Olive oil, for sauteing], title: Wild Striped Bass with Thyme, Spring Peas, 25 Year Balsamic Vinegar, and Potato Pancake, picturelink: null}, 50747: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the mustard seeds, lager, and malt vinegar. Cover and soak overnight.nStrain the liquid and reserve in a separate container. Place the soaked seeds in a food processor and pulse 7 to 8 times. In a double boiler, place the cracked seeds and add the strained liquid, allspice, pepper, salt, sugar, dry mustard, garlic, and horseradish. Cook about 90 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and let cool, then refrigerate., ingredients: [1 cup mustard seeds, 2 cups lager beer, 1 13 cups malt vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 14 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons horseradish], title: Brewhouse Beer Mustard, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 50748: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, heat about 2 inches of oil to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, add the flour and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss the sliced shallots in the flour and shake off any excess. Fry the shallots until golden brown and crispy, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oil and drain on a paper towel.nWhisk together, the sherry vinegar, and Dijon mustard in medium bowl. Gradually whisk in 12 cup olive oil. Season dressing, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the sausage and saute until crisp, about 3 minutes. Remove the sausage to a paper towel lined plate.nSeason the scallops with salt and pepper, to taste, and add to the pan that was used for the andouille was cooked in. Sear the scallops until caramelized on both sides, no more than 2 or 3 minutes per side.nToss all the greens in a large bowl with enough dressing to coat. Divide the salad among 4 plates. Top each salad with 3 scallops and garnish with the sausage, chives and the fried shallots., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 34 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 shallots, sliced, separate the rings, 3 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 6 ounces andouille sausage about 2 links, diced, 12 scallops, cleaned, dried, 12 small head radicchio, torn into bitesized pieces, 1 cup baby arugula, 12 head butter lettuce, torn into pieces, 12 head frisee, torn, 3 chives, minced], title: Seared Scallops with Bitter Greens, Fried Shallots and Andouille, picturelink: null}, 50749: {instructions: Pulse 6 tablespoons softened butter with 1 garlic clove, 14 cup barbecue sauce and 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder in a food processor until smooth. Brush 4 ears corn with threequarters of the spiced butter and wrap in foil. Grill over mediumhigh heat, turning often, until tender, 15 minutes. Brush with the remaining spiced butter and season with salt.nPer Serving: Calories: 264 Total Fat: 19 grams Saturated Fat: 11 grams Protein: 3 grams Total carbohydrates: 25 grams Sugar: 8 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 46 milligrams Sodium: 291 milligrams Photograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Barbecue Corn, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 50750: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange a baking rack over the top of a baking sheet.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter over low heat in small pot. Put the bread crumbs in a shallow dish and douse with the melted butter and toss to combine. Season with seafood seasoning, granulated onion powder, granulated garlic, citrus zest, thyme and chives.nClean and pat the fish dry, then season with salt, to taste. Coat the fish in egg whites, then gently press them into the bread crumbs to coat evenly, then arrange them on the baking rack. Bake on center rack of the oven until the fish is white and flaky and the crumbs are golden, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the parsley and mint to a food processor and pulse to finely chop, then scrape into a bowl and set aside. Return the base to the processor do not rinse the base. Add the peas and pulse until very finely chopped.nIn a medium saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan, and the remaining butter over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute for 5 minutes, then add the stock and peas and bring to a bubble over mediumhigh heat. Cook the fresh peas for about 10 minutes, and about 6 to 7 minutes, if using frozen defrosted peas. When most of the liquid has evaporated, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and stir in the herbs. Remove from the heat.nSpoon pools of notsomushy peas onto each dinner plate and top with crispy fish batons. Douse the fish with lots of malt vinegar and enjoy, ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, 3 cups panko crumbs, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay or Szeged Fish spice, a palmful, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, a palmful, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, a palmful, 1 lemon or lime, zested, A couple tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, A couple tablespoons finely chopped chives, 1 12 to 2 pounds cod, cut from the thickest part of fillets shaped into 8 rectangular batons, Salt, 2 extralarge egg whites, beaten to frothy, 1 cup packed flatleaf parsley, 1 cup packed fresh mint, 3 cups freshly shelled peas or frozen and defrosted organic peas, patted dry, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 2 cups chicken stockinabox, Freshly ground black pepper, Malt vinegar], title: Crispy Oven Fish Fry with Mushy Peas, picturelink: null}, 50751: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pineapple and a pinch of salt cook, turning the pineapple occasionally, until softened and browned in spots, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and stir in 14 cup Dulce de Leche. Cook until the pineapple is glazed, 2 to 3 more minutes. Remove from the heat let cool slightly.nPlace the rolls, cutside up, on a baking sheet bake until lightly toasted, about 3 minutes.nBeat the heavy cream, vanilla and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl with a mixer on medium speed until stiff peaks form, 1 to 2 minutes fold in 2 tablespoons Dulce de Leche until just combined. Spread each roll half with about 12 tablespoon Dulce de Leche and top with the pineapple mixture. Top with ice cream, the whipped cream, Dulce de Leche and coconut.nPour two 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk into a 9by13inch baking dish. Cover with foil and set in a roasting pan add enough hot water to come halfway up the sides of the dish. Bake at 425 degrees F until thick and dark amber, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and puree until smooth. Refrigerate until thickened, 1 hour. Makes about 2 cups., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 pineapple, peeled, cored, quartered and sliced, Kosher salt, 12 cup Dulce de Leche, storebought or homemade, recipe follows, plus more for topping, 2 brioche rolls, split, 34 cup cold heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 pint coconut or vanilla ice cream, Toasted coconut flakes, for topping], title: Dulce de LechePineapple Ice Cream Sundaes, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 50752: {instructions: In a medium pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion and bell pepper cook, stirring, until softened, about 7 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and stir in the chicken, breaking it up with a wooden spoon. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 4 minutes.nAdd the chili powder, cumin, oregano, cocoa powder and salt stir to coat. Add the tomatoes and their juices, chicken broth, pumpkin seeds and flaxseed meal and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, until slightly reduced, about 15 minutes. Stir in the beans and cook, uncovered, until the chili thickens slightly, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons pumpkin seed oil or olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 1 to 2 red or yellow bell peppers, chopped, 1 pound ground turkey or chicken, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon salt, One 15ounce can diced tomatoes with their juice, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth or water, 13 cup pumpkin seeds, 2 tablespoons flaxseed meal, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained], title: Turkey and Pumpkin Seed Chili, picturelink: x3U44z4D5FuazQCcjUv2ui24hNZYjCO}, 50753: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the fondue: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring the heavy cream to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the cheese, parsley, and pepper until the cheese blends in. Remove from the heat, stir until smooth. Cover and keep warm.nFor the relish: Split the avocado in half, remove the pit, and spoon the flesh from the skin. Dice into 14inch cubes, toss with the lemon juice, and set aside.nIn small saute pan over high heat, bring the oil to a shimmer, and then add the bacon and shallots, cooking until the shallots are translucent and the bacon is crisp, about 6 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon and shallots from the pan into a bowl. Stir in the vinegar, salt, and sugar, mixing well. Drain excess liquid before servingnFor the creme fraiche: In a bowl, add the creme fraiche, heavy cream, white pepper, hot sauce, and lime juice. Whisk well to blend. Set aside.nFor serving: Place the Sour Cream Potato Cakes or crostini on a platter, top with a smear of fondue, a bit of the bacon relish, and a drizzle of creme fraiche.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the potatoes, eggs, sour cream, flour, and salt.nPulse until the mixture is just blended and you dont have chunks. It should look like cooked oatmeal. Do not overmix or the potatoes will get gummynHeat a good swirl of oil in a nonstick pan or griddle over medium heat.nDrop a heaping tablespoon of batter into the pan to make bitesized cakes. Cook the cakes until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 minutes on each side.nDrain on paper towels. Season with salt., ingredients: [14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 1 avocado, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 pieces bacon, cut into small dice, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, Pinch salt, Pinch sugar, 12 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup heavy cream, Few twists freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Squeeze fresh lime juice, Sour Cream Potato Pancakes, recipe follows, or crostini, for serving, 6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, Olive oil or grapeseed oil, for cooking], title: AvocadoBacon Relish and Cheddar Fondue, picturelink: CiOuNZaye2iRUohK59y0WbEcWZPwIau}, 50754: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, garlic, zucchini and onions. Toss vigorously for 5 or 6 minutes. Add tomatoes, salt, pepper, parsley. Reduce heat and simmer 6 to 8 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 small to medium zucchini, 1inch dice, 1 medium onion, 1inch dice, 1 15ounce can stewed tomatoes, Salt and pepper, A handful chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Ratatouille Veggie Toss, picturelink: Qqiy754QcF4yCs6B.RQelWww8VmEBm}, 50755: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Place the bread on a baking tray, slide it into the oven and toast until the slices are lightly golden, about 20 minutes. Remove the baking tray from the oven, and leave the bread slices out to cool. Using your hands or a food processor, crumble the toasted bread, until bread crumbs form. In a medium bowl, toss together the bread crumbs, parsley, zest, and garlic. Pour in 14 cup olive oil, and season with salt and black pepper, to taste.nRub enough extra olive oil to coat the lamb racks. Season the meat liberally with salt and black pepper, to taste. In a large, hot frying pan, place the lamb racks, fatside down, and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes. Transfer the racks to a baking tray, spread their tops evenly with the mustard. Press the bread crumb mixture into the meat. Roast until the lamb is fully cooked and nicely pink, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the lamb racks from the oven. Leave them out to rest, loosely covered with foil, for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 thick slices whole grain or sourdough bread, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 lemon, finely zested, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 14 cup olive oil, plus more as needed for coating lamb, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 8bone Frenchtrimmed lamb racks, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Lamb Racks with Bread Crumbs, Parsley and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 50756: {instructions: For the cake and peaches: Heat a grill to mediumhigh heat and oil the grates with vegetable oil.nGrill the cakes until dark grill marks appear, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Grill the flesh side of the peaches until dark grill marks appear, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nIn a cold stand mixer bowl using a whisk attachment, combine the whipping cream, mascarpone, honey and vanilla. Whip to mediumstiff peaks. Set aside.nFor the cherry coulis: In a blender, blend the cherries, champagne vinegar, dark brown sugar and 2 tablespoons water until the mixture is smooth. Transfer to a small saucepot and heat until the sugar dissolves. Strain out any solids if necessary and set aside to cool.nIn each of 4 shallow bowls, put a small puddle of coulis. Add a cake on top of that, followed by the grilled peaches and a nice dollop of the mascarpone cream. Garnish with a happy helping of crushed pistachios., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for oiling grill grates, 4 mini angel food cakes or sponge cake rounds, 4 ripe peaches, halved and pitted, 1 cup whipping cream, 8 ounces mascarpone, 2 tablespoons honey, Seeds from 12 vanilla pod, 2 cups fresh cherries, pitted, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 12 cup pistachios, crushed], title: Grilled Angel Food Cake with Grilled Peaches and Cream and Cherry Coulis, picturelink: jEU4F2f3HZ10JglRqDVS3.HgqN9bq.i}, 50757: {instructions: Heat a heavy skillet with 12inch vegetable oil until hot, not smoking. Dip fish in batter to coat evenly, and lay fish strips in pan, not touching. Cook until golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and cook until golden. Drain on paper towels and season with salt, to taste.nHeat a dry cast iron or heavy skillet and warm flour tortillas until heated. Assemble tortillas by layering fish, cabbage, mayonnaise, and salsa.nStir together until incorporated.nPut ingredients in a bowl and mix.nProcess ingredients together, and then simmer over medium high heat until just boiling. Serve warm. If using fresh ingredients, simmer until cooked., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 red salmon fillet, skinned, boned, and cut into 2inch strips, Beer Batter, recipe follows, Salt, 4 to 6 flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded cabbage, Chipotle Mayonnaise, recipe follows, Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 34 cup white flour, Dash yellow mustard, Beer to make batter consistency of pancake batter, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 or 2 smoked, canned chipotle chiles, 1 cup chopped canned or fresh tomatillo, 14 cup chopped canned or fresh jalapeno peppers, 14 cup diced onion, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup canned green chiles], title: Bajas Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 50758: {instructions: Place everything in a blender and blend until smooth. Place in a sealable container and use right away or refrigerate for no more than 2 days., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white miso, 2 tablespoons Champagne wine vinegar, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups blueberries, washed, 14 cup walnuts, halved and toasted, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper], title: Blueberry Walnut Salad Dressing, picturelink: null}, 50759: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a covered saucepan. Add butter, cumin, raisins, currants, zest, and rice. Stir the rice and return to a rolling boil. Cover and reduce heat to low. Cook 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nRemove from heat and add chives. Fluff rice with fork and transfer to a serving dish. Cover rice liberally with toasted sliced almonds or smoked almonds., ingredients: [3 cups water, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 13 handful, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 handfuls, 2 tablespoons currants, 1 handful, 1 teaspoon lemon or orange zest from about 12 of the fruit, 1 12 cups enriched white rice, 2 blades fresh chives, chopped, 1 3ounce bag sliced almonds, lightly toasted or 3 ounces smoked almonds], title: Special Rice, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 50760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender or food processor, combine the vinegar, mustard, honey, salt, and pepper until well mixed. With the machine running, gradually add the olive oil until the dressing is smooth and creamy. Set aside.nIn a large bowl combine the herbs, arugula, and fennel. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Toss the salad with enough dressing to coat. Sprinkle with edible flowers and serve., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 bunch flatleaf parsley, stemmed about 3 cups, 1 bunch fresh basil, stemmed about 3 cups, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 1 bunch fresh tarragon, stemmed about 12 cup, 1 cup arugula leaves, 1 fennel bulb, halved, cored, and thinly sliced, Edible flowers, for garnish], title: Herb Salad, picturelink: NbnqKCZFfFxqCG1jD0oySm0fzwMIgCW}, 50761: {instructions: In a large saucepan, place 13 cup olive oil, the garlic, onion, red pepper flakes, and half the chopped basil and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, reducing it by half. Add tomatoes and the water then simmer for 40 to 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season the tomato sauce with salt and pepper and add the remaining chopped basil. Simmer for 10 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, Pinch hot red pepper flakes, 16 fresh basil leaves, chopped, or 1 tablespoon dried basil and 1 teaspoons dried oregano,, 13 cup white wine, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, not drained, 12 cup water], title: Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 50762: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomato paste, chili powder and cumin and cook, stirring, until the mixture darkens, about 1 minute. Add 12 cup water, the bell pepper, scallion whites and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until the bell pepper is crisptender, about 4 minutes. Add the turkey and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until cooked through, about 4 minutes.nStir the tomatoes, chicken broth, beans and crushed tortilla chips into the pot bring to a simmer. Partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in all but a few tablespoons of the scallion greens and season with salt. Top with more crushed tortilla chips, sour cream, cheddar and the remaining scallion greens.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 green bell pepper, roughly chopped, 5 scallions, sliced white and green parts separated, Kosher salt, 1 pound ground turkey, 1 28ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup crushed tortilla chips, plus more for topping, Sour cream and cheddar cheese, for topping optional], title: Quick Turkey Chili, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 50763: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil and set aside.nUnroll crescent rolls and separate into 6 triangles. Place on prepared baking sheet, prick holes in the dough and spray tops with cooking spray. Place in oven and bake for 5 minutes.nTop each roll with 1 tablespoon of chili, onions, olives and Cheddar. Place back in oven and bake for another 7 minutes, or until edges are golden and cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 8ounce can crescent rolls, 34 cup nobean chili recommended: Hormel, 14 cup diced red onion, 14 cup sliced black olives, drained, 34 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Chili Cheese Slices, picturelink: ugshKBkvOCfjD0wN.3OZIsSBVR8wq2}, 50764: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degreesnCombine apples, sugar and lemon juice. Dot with butter. Set aside.nToss to mix well. Pour into 3 to 4 inch deep baking dish. Dot with butter. Set aside.nCombine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in mixing bowl. Using your fingers, cut in butter until mixture looks crumbly and butter is the size of small peas. While stirring slowly, add cream and vanilla. Mix just until batter comes together. Drop batter in mounds on top apple mixture. Drizzle top with a little additional melted butter and sprinkle with sugar. Bake 3545 minutes, until golden., ingredients: [8 cups apples, peeled, cored and sliced thin Granny Smith works great, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 ounces unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup all purpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 8 tablespoons light cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Apple Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 50765: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Place tomatoes and tomatillos on a baking sheet. Broil, turning occasionally until charred all over, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a saucepan. Add the remaining ingredients.nBring to a boil and cook until onions are soft, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a food processor or blender. Puree and then strain. Serve at room temperature or slightly chilled. Arbol Salsa can be stored in the refrigerator 3 to 5 days, or frozen for weeks., ingredients: [12 pound Italian Roma tomatoes, 34 pound tomatillos, husked and washed, 1 cup 30  40 Arbol chiles, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, roughly chopped, 1 medium white onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Chile de Arbol Salsa Red Salsa, picturelink: null}, 50766: {instructions: Special equipment: Shot glasses Oyster knifenIn a large pitcher, combine the Bloody Mary mix with vodka, to taste. Refrigerate until chilled.nFill a small bowl with crab seasoning, fill the other with water. Dip the rim of the shot glasses into the water first and then into the seasoning to coat. Pour the Bloody Maryvodka mixture into the glasses until about half full. Shuck one oyster directly into each shot glass. Garnish with a lemon wedge and shoot the concoction. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 bottle Bloody Mary mix recommended: Chesapeake Bay, Vodka, to taste recommended: Absolut, Crab seasoning, to taste recommended: Old Bay, 12 Eastern Shore seaside salt oysters, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Eastern Shore Seaside Salt Oyster Shooter, picturelink: null}, 50767: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, mix orange zest, sugar and coconut. Set aside.nIn large 2quart dish or big martini glass start assembling parfait by layering granola, yogurt and then fruit, bananas, strawberries, blackberries and blueberries. Repeat until all is layered. Sprinkle coconut mix over fruit.nIn a large bowl, fold pineapple into whipped cream and put a scoop on top of each serving. Garnish with mint., ingredients: [2 teaspoons orange zest, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup dried coconut flakes, 1 16ounce box granola cereal recommended: Kashi, 24 ounces vanilla yogurt, drained, 3 bananas, sliced, 1 12 pints strawberries, stemmed and quartered, 1 12 pints blackberries, 1 pint blueberries, 12 cup pineapple, diced, 1 8ounce container whipped cream recommended: Cool Whip], title: Big Daddy Parfait, picturelink: qdWijHUzJcCR1ubMEZWoyMrxftEz4W}, 50768: {instructions: Pat the peppers dry with a paper towel and set aside.nWrap each cheese stick with a slice of ham, then slice the wrapped sticks into approximately 12inch cubes. Stuff the wrapped cheese cubes into the peppers.nHeat the oil in a medium heavybottomed pot to 350 degrees F.nSet up a breading station using pie pans or plates. Put the flour in the first pie pan, then whisk together the egg and 2 tablespoons water in the second pie pan. In the third, mix together the panko, salt and pepper. Run each stuffed pepper through the breading station: lightly coat in the flour, dip in the egg wash and thoroughly coat in the panko.nFry the peppers in batches in the hot oil until the breading is lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate lined with a paper towel. Serve hot., ingredients: [16 jarred sweet piquante peppers, such as Peppadew, 2 Cheddar cheese sticks, 2 slices deli ham, About 3 cups canola oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Ham and Cheese Pepper Poppers, picturelink: LPumCi5nVimmBwn3GM4g.OLNQsWJ6CK}, 50769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChips: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the thick stem from the kale and discard. Cut the leaves into 2 to 3inch pieces. Put them in a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Toss well. Arrange the kale in a single layer on parchment paperlined baking sheets. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until crispy and slightly dark on the edges. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nUsing a mandoline slicer or a sharp knife, slice the white potatoes and the sweet potatoes into 18inch thick slices. Put them in a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Toss well. Arrange in a single layer without overlapping on parchmentlined baking sheets and bake for 12 minutes. Turn the slices over and continue to bake, checking every 2 minutes until brown and crispy, about 6 to 8 minutes longer. Season the chips with salt and pepper, to taste.nMayonnaise: In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, lemon juice and lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer all the chips to a large bowl and serve with the mayonnaise., ingredients: [3 large kale leaves, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 8ounce medium white potatoes, unpeeled, 1 8ounce medium sweet potatoes, unpeeled, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 12 a large lemon, 1 teaspoon lemon zest from 12 a large lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato and Kale Chips with Lemon Mayonnaise, picturelink: 8efmswq90Fbty2RG58o7T9UHt8t0uO}, 50770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nCombine the oats, pecans, sunflower seeds and peanuts in a large bowl. In a separate mixing bowl, combine the sugar, honey, oil, vanilla, cinnamon, salt and 14 cup water. Pour the liquid mixture over the oat mix and stir until combined. Pour onto two baking sheets and spread evenly.nBake 40 minutes, stirring halfway through to allow for even browning. Raise the oven temperature to 300 degrees F and continue to bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.nPour the cooked oat mixture into a bowl and stir in the raisins, cranberries and coconut. Let cool. The granola will keep in an airtight container at room temperature in a cool dry place for up to 3 weeks.nIn four parfait glasses or a large glass bowl, create alternating layers of granola, yogurt and berries, using a total of 2 cups of the granola., ingredients: [5 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 cups pecans, coarsely chopped, 1 cup sunflower seeds, 1 cup peanuts, chopped, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 14 cup coconut oil, melted, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup unsweetened coconut, 2 cups Greek yogurt, 2 cups mixed berries, such as blackberries and blueberries], title: Homemade Granola Parfait, picturelink: Px2tT5oWe2QFbKgVdc685F24N2CxgS}, 50771: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Peel the carrots and cut into 2inch pieces on the diagonal. In a large bowl toss the carrots with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Arrange the carrots in a single layer in a roasting pan. Roast the carrots for 20 minutes. Toss the carrots around in the pan and continue roasting for another 20 to 30 minutes or until carrots are tender and the edges are dark and caramelized., ingredients: [1 pound small carrots, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Olivers Favorite Burned Up Carrots, picturelink: null}, 50772: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 5.5inch round cookie cutter and a 2.5inch round cookie cutternFor the vanilla and chocolate cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare four 9inch cake pans with the nonstick cooking spray and dust with flour.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, add the granulated sugar and butter and cream together until combined, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating to incorporate them. Add the baking powder, salt and 1 cup of the flour and continue to beat. Add the milk and remaining 2 cups flour, alternating back and forth. And the vanilla extract and beat for 1 more minute. Pour half of the batter into 2 of the prepared cake pans, reserving half to make into chocolate cake batter.nTo make the chocolate batter, add the cocoa and hot water to a small bowl and mix to make a paste. Combine the chocolate paste with the remaining cake batter and mix until evenly combined. Pour the chocolate cake batter into the remaining 2 cake pans.nPlace all 4 cake pans in the oven and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of each comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool on a wire baking rack for 30 minutes.nFor the vanilla frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, add the confectioners sugar and butter and mix on low speed for 1 minute until combined, then increase the speed to medium and beat until fluffy, another 3 minutes. Add the heavy cream and vanilla bean seeds and continue to beat for 1 more minute. Set aside.nTo assemble checkerboard cake: To each cake, using a 5.5inch round cookie cutter, cut out 1 ring, place a 2.5inch round cookie cutter on the inside of the 5.5inch ring to cut out a 2nd round. Repeat with the other 3 cakes. This will give you 2 rings and 1 round per cakenFor the first layer: Place the largest yellow cake ring on your desired cake plate, place the second largest chocolate cake ring inside of the yellow cake ring, then place the smallest yellow cake round inside of the chocolate cake ring. Spread an even layer of vanilla frosting on top.nFor the second layer: Place the largest chocolate cake ring on top of the first frosted layer of cake, place the second largest yellow cake ring inside of the of the chocolate ring, then place the smallest chocolate round inside of the yellow cake ring. Spread an even layer of vanilla frosting on top.nFor the third and fourth layers, repeat the steps for the first 2 layers. Finish the top of the cake with an even layer of frosting, leaving the sides of the cake untouched., ingredients: [Vanilla and Chocolate Cakes:, Allnatural nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the cake pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting the cake pans, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 5 large eggs, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup Dutchprocessed cocoa, 12 cup hot water, Vanilla Frosting:, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped], title: Chocolate and Vanilla Checkered Flag Cake, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 50773: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill with hot coals or heat a gas grill.nBrush both sides of the slices of bread with flavoured olive oil and grill on both sides until brown.nRub one side of the grilled bread with a garlic clove., ingredients: [1 boule, thickly sliced, Flavoured olive oil, store bought or homemade, 2 to 4 whole garlic cloves, cooked in olive oil], title: Elis Grilled Bread, picturelink: 5QFsxM6mFLGfQE35ee00Tf7Ut2XNb8y}, 50774: {instructions: 6 ramekins 4inch diameter by 3inch depth or 9 to 10inch deep dish pie pan.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSeason all the vegetables with salt and pepper and grill, keeping them separate. Cook the couscous separately, as instructed, and reserve in a ceramic mold. In the ramekins or pie pan, place 2 sheets of filo, buttering between layers. Begin to layer all vegetables, ending with the couscous. In between each layer add pressure in order to mold. Fold flaps of filo over to seal. Seal with butter, turn out onto a sheet pan, and brush top with butter. Bake for 25 minutes. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and ground cinnamon. If using a pie pan, cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 green zucchini, sliced on bias, 2 yellow squash, sliced on bias, 2 eggplants, sliced on bias, 1 pound spinach, cleaned and Sauteed in garlic and olive oil, 2 medium onions, sliced, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 pound couscous, steamed with tomato juice and 1 teaspoon ground cumin and 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 pound melted butter, Filo dough sheets, Powdered sugar, Ground cinnamon], title: Vegetable Pastilla, picturelink: null}, 50775: {instructions: Soak the rice stick noodles in tepid water for about 15 minutes. Remove them to a cutting board and cut into 4inch pieces then place in a strainer to let all water drain off, and set aside.nCoat the bottom of an omelette pan with a small amount of oil and pour off excess. Beat the eggs together and add to pan forming a thin layer, and cook as you would a thin omelette. Remove from heat and chop cooked egg roughly and set aside, keeping warm until ready to serve.nHeat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a wok or large skillet and add garlic, onion, and red and green peppers, and cook for 2 minutes. One at a time, add the ground peanut, fish sauce, soy sauce, sugar and pepper powder, stirring the mixture the entire time. Note: chicken, shrimp, or tofu can be added to this dish at the saute stage. Add the noodles and be sure to stir The noodles tend to burn if not continuously stirred. Check to see if the taste of the dish is suitable to you, if not, then add in either fish sauce or soy sauce both salty, or sugar sweet. Here is where a matter of preference comes into play. To serve, place the noodle mixture on a plate, top with cooked egg and garnish with bean sprouts, peanuts and cilantro., ingredients: [1 12ounce pack dried rice stick noodles sen lek, 6 eggs, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons smashed garlic, 2 tablespoons finely chopped onion, 12 cup red bell peppers, julienned, 12 cup green bell peppers, julienned, 12 cup ground peanut, 12 cup fish sauce, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons Thai pepper powder, 1 cup fresh bean sprouts, for garnish, 14 cup shelled peanuts, for garnish, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Vegetable Pad Thai, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 50776: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain and reserve.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When it begins to foam, sprinkle in the flour and stir until it becomes pasty, about 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and halfandhalf and bring to a low simmer. Stir until the mixture looks thick, about 5 minutes. Add the Cheddar and Colby Jack cheese by handfuls, stirring well after each addition until melted. Mix in the mustard, paprika and hot sauce. Then fold in the cream cheese and stir well until melted. Season with salt and pepper. Lastly stir in the cooked pasta.nServe the mac and cheese immediately while still warm and at its creamiest., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound medium shell pasta, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 2 cups grated Cheddar about 8 ounces, 1 cup grated Colby Jack cheese about 4 ounces, 1 heaping teaspoon Dijon mustard, 18 teaspoon paprika, Dash of hot sauce, 4 ounces cream cheese, cut into cubes, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy StoveTop Mac and Cheese, picturelink: GEZESY353lpAwonKToghPmjZby2x6zW}, 50777: {instructions: Wash rice and drain.nIn a large heavy saucepan heat the butter over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 4 minutes, or until just beginning to soften. Add rice, red pepper and the cumin and stir together for 2 minutes. Add the cabbage and tomato and cook for 3 minutes more, or until the mixture is thickened. Add the water and salt, increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat a little so that the liquid is simmering actively. Stir every minute or 2 until the rice is almost dry, then reduce the heat to very low, and stir in the green onion. Cover tightly, reduce the heat to low, and cook for 5 minutes more., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 12 white onion, finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, cut into 14 inch dice, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 small Savoy cabbage, core removed, thinly sliced, 4 ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 4 cups water, 1 pound longgrain white rice, 34 teaspoon salt, 4 green onions, light and dark green parts only, finely sliced], title: Arroz Cartagena, picturelink: null}, 50778: {instructions: In a medium skillet, sweat onion and garlic in 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium heat until translucent, about 2 minutes. Let cool and set aside.nWring the excess milk out of the soaked bread cubes.nPlace all ingredients, except flour and garnishes, in a large mixing bowl and combine by hand until fully incorporated. Form into little meatballs about 1ounce each.nIn a large skillet, heat remaining oil over medium heat. Dredge, or roll the meatballs in flour, and fry in the skillet until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove from the pan and place on paper towels to drain the excess fat.nPlace on platter and garnish with lemon wedges and torn mint leaves., ingredients: [1 cup grated onion, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 cup olive oil, 1 cup day old bread, small diced and soaked in milk, 1 pound ground beef or lamb, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, 1 lemon, zested, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dredging, 12 lemon wedges, for garnish, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Greek Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 50779: {instructions: Move the oven rack to the top rungs, and heat the oven to broil for a good 10 minutes. Season the steaks on both sides with salt, and pepper and rub all over with a little olive oil. Set the meat in a cast iron pan, and broil 4 to 6 minutes per side, or until done to your liking. Remove to a carving board, cover with foil, and let rest 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, crumble the cheese into a saucepan, pour over the cream, and gently heat to melt. Carve the meat and arrange on a serving platter. Pour over the juices. Cooks Note: if you feel there is too much juice, you can reduce it first. Spoon over a little of the sauce and pour the rest into a sauce jug for passing around the table.nServe with Endives with Oranges or on a bed of watercress.nHalve the endives lengthwise. Melt the butter, sugar, and vinegar to caramel in a large saute pan, and then add the wine. Lay in the endive, cut side down. Season the endive with salt, and pepper, cover the pan with foil, and cook over mediumlow heat, turning a few times, until very tender, about 20 to 30 minutes.nWhile the endive cooks, cut the skin off the oranges with a knife, to expose the flesh, then remove the sections, holding the oranges over a bowl to catch the juices. Add the juices to the endive, but reserve the sections until the very end.nWhen the endives are soft, uncover the pan, and continue cooking, turning the endives occasionally, to reduce the liquid to a glaze and caramelize the endives. At the last minute, add the orange sections to heat through, and serve., ingredients: [1 2pound sirloin steak, about 2inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Splash olive oil, 8 ounces blue cheese, 12 cup cream, Watercress or Endives with Oranges, for serving, recipe follows, 4 endives, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup red wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 oranges], title: Beef au Bleu, picturelink: null}, 50780: {instructions: For the marinade: In a small bowl, combine the orange juice, lemon juice, green onions, garlic, olive oil and red pepper flakes.nFor the fish packets: Cut four 12by17inch pieces of aluminum foil place one piece of fish in the center of each. Sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Divide the marinade evenly among the packets about 12 cup for each.nIn a large bowl, toss the string beans, mushrooms, onions and tomatoes with the olive oil. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper, then divide evenly among the packets. For each packet, fold the foil over at the top to close, and then close up the sides to seal completely. Chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes before cooking, to give the fish time to marinate.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTransfer the packets to a baking sheet. Bake until the fish flakes, 12 to 15 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 to 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Four 6ounce pieces cod, 8 ounces string beans, trimmed, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 12 sweet onion, cut in half lengthwise and then crosswise into 14inch slices, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Citrus Cod with Vegetables, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 50781: {instructions: For the clotted cream: Put the clotted cream in a medium bowl and stir in the grated chocolate and orange zest. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nFor the scones: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nWhisk together the cream, vanilla and egg in a small bowl until smooth.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, espresso powder and salt. Cut the butter into the dry mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Add the wet ingredients and twothirds 4 ounces of the chopped chocolate, and gently mix until a dough just comes together. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead a few times until smooth. Shape into an 8inch square, about 1 12inches thick, and then cut into 9 equal squares.nTransfer the scones to the prepared baking sheet, leaving a few inches between. Brush with the remaining 14 cup heavy cream. Bake until cracked on top and cooked through, 16 to 20 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet on a rack for 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 2 ounces chopped chocolate in a small bowl in the microwave. Whisk in the oil and let sit at room temperature for 5 minutes. Use a fork or small spoon to drizzle the chocolate mixture over the scones. Let set or eat right away, topped with clotted cream and orange marmalade., ingredients: [6 ounces clotted cream, 1 ounce bittersweet chocolate, grated into fine shreds on a rotary grater, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 23 cup very cold heavy cream, plus 14 cup for brushing, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus for rolling, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup bestquality unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup 5 13 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 6 ounces bestquality bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 12 cup bestquality orange marmalade, for serving], title: ChocolateDrizzled Chocolate Scones with ChocolateandOrangeSpeckled Clotted Cream and Orange Marmalade, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 50782: {instructions: Preheat oil to 365 degrees.nIn a small bowl, whisk together all the dipping sauce ingredients. Transfer to a serving bowl, cover and set aside.nIn a medium size bowl, combine all the dry ingredients for the batter. Slowly, whisk in beer, until combined. If not using right away cover and refrigerate for later use. Gently toss shrimp in the batter, to coat. Shake gently to remove excess batter and with slotted spoon, carefully fry in hot oil for 5 to 6 minutes or until golden brown. Cook in batches to avoid over crowding. Remove shrimp with a spider or slotted spoon and place on paper towels to drain. Serve hot with dipping sauce., ingredients: [Oil for frying, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Chipotle pepper, in adobe sauce, 1 tablespoon ginger minced, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon miren, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12ounce lite beer, 1 pound 21 to 25 pieces shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Beer Battered Shrimp with Chipotle Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 50783: {instructions: In a small saucepot, bring the white wine vinegar, sugar, salt, chili pepper and bay leaves to a simmer over low heat. Put the sliced red onions in a small sealable container. Carefully pour the hot liquid over the onions, cover and give it a shake. You may need to lift the lid to release some of the pressure. Every now and then, give it a good shake. Refrigerate to cool., ingredients: [1 12 cups white wine vinegar or white balsamic vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 red chile, thinly sliced, 2 bay leaves, 2 small red onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup drained, sliced storebought pickled jalapenos or banana pepper rings], title: Quick Pickled Onions, picturelink: null}, 50784: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine first 5 ingredients and mix together. In a separate bowl, beat eggs slightly, and blend into mixture. Blend in buttermilk and oil. When well blended, add the remaining ingredients 1 at a time the batter will be lumpy.nGrease 2 9 by 11inch pans, or 3 8 by 10inch pans. Pour batter into pans, distribute evenly.nBake 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 12 cup white flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 12 cup corn oil or canola oil, 1 14ounce can cream style corn, 1 4ounce can chopped green chiles, 13 cup chopped green onions, 2 cups sharp Cheddar, grated, 2 or 3 tablespoons sun dried tomatoes, chopped], title: Chile Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 50785: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender or food processor, puree 1 of the mangoes with the lime juice, sugar and Cointreau until smooth. Dice the remaining mango. Slice the cake, pour 1 tablespoon of the mango sauce over each slice, and toss some diced mango on top. Garnish with mint leaves and serve.nIn a blender or food processor, puree 1 of the mangoes with the lime juice, sugar and Cointreau until smooth. Dice the remaining mango. Slice the cake, pour 1 tablespoon of the mango sauce over each slice, and toss some diced mango on top. Garnish with mint leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 mangoes, peeled and cut into chunks 3 cups, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, optional, 1 storebought angel food cake about 13 ounces, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 mangoes, peeled and cut into chunks 3 cups, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, optional, 1 storebought angel food cake about 13 ounces, 14 cup fresh mint leaves], title: Angel Food Cake with Mangoes, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 50786: {instructions: In a cast iron skillet, heat the oil to the smoking point, then add the tortilla pieces and fry them. Turn them often, until they are crisp and evenly colored. Transfer chips to a towellined sheet pan. Drain the oil and lower the heat. Sprinkle the chili powder and salt over the tortilla pieces. Cook, 1 to 2 minutes, tossing constantly. Cool on paper towels to absorb any excess oil., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, 8 stale 12 inch flour tortillas, torn in 1 inch pieces, 2 12 tablespoons chili powder blend, or to taste, 12 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste], title: Tostaditos, picturelink: null}, 50787: {instructions: Preheat grill. In a large stockpot, bring water to a boil and then reduce to a simmer. Add whole octopus, and simmer for 1 hour. Remove octopus from boiling water and let cool at room temperature for 15 minutes. Cut the tentacles from the head, and discard the head. Sprinkle oregano over the octopus tentacles. Grill octopus for 10 minutes, turn over and grill for an additional 10 minutes. Remove octopus from the grill and chop into small pieces. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil. Place chopped octopus onto serving plates and drizzle lemon vinaigrette over the octopus., ingredients: [6 to 7 pound whole octopus, cleaned, 4 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Octopus with Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 50788: {instructions: For the hazelnut pesto: Place the parsley, hazelnuts, Parmesan and garlic in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and process until combined transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nFor the portobello salad: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to mediumhigh for direct and indirect grilling. Brush the mushrooms on both sides with 14 of the cup olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the mushrooms on a baking sheet and roast until cooked through, approximately 10 minutes on the grill. Remove to a baking sheet and loosely tent, reserving the liquid that the mushrooms have exuded.nWhisk together the reserved mushroom liquid, the sherry vinegar, mustard, remaining olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nSlice the mushrooms into 12inch thick slices and place in a large bowl with the arugula, fennel, and some salt and pepper. Drizzle some of the vinaigrette down the sides of the bowl and toss the salad to combine. Spoon a pool of pesto on one side of a large platter. Mound the salad on the other side, and garnish everything with fennel fronds.nPlace the mushrooms on a large platter, place the fennel over the mushrooms and drizzle with the pesto. Arrange the arugula around the platter., ingredients: [1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 13 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large portobello mushrooms, stems removed, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 4 ounces baby arugula, 1 small head fennel, bulb thinly sliced, fronds reserved for garnish], title: Grilled Portobello Salad with Hazelnut Pesto, picturelink: DVfSCbXXyVEsgz5dGXlgAdkC42vimaO}, 50789: {instructions: In a large sauce pot 8quart size minimum, heat 14 cup of the olive oil on a very low flame. Add the diced onion and cook slowly until it has turned translucent. Do not brown the onion, but allow it to almost melt away. Add the garlic cloves and very lightly cook them in the oil until golden before adding the tomatoes and all their juices. Add salt and pepper to taste, and the basil leaves and set the heat on low. Allow the tomatoes to cook at very low heat for at least 2 hours before adding the meat.nMake the meatballs: mix the ground beef and veal together in a large bowl. Combine the bread and milk and mash together to form a paste add the bread to the ground meat. Add the eggs, garlic, parsley, cheese, salt, and pepper to the meat mixture and combine all the ingredients using your fingers to mix uniformly, but do not over mix or the meat will dry out when cooked. Pick up 2 tablespoons of the mixture and roll it into a ball shape, between the palms of your hands. Do this until you have used all the meat. This should yield approximately 24 meatballs.nPlace the remaining olive oil in a heavy skillet and heat over medium flame. Add the meatballs in 1 layer and brown on all sides before removing. Do this to the remaining meatballs until all are browned to a caramelized color. After all the meatballs have been browned and removed from the skillet, add the sausage links and brown well, following the same method as the meatballs. When all the meat has cooked, add to the tomato ragu, which has been cooking for 2 hours and cook an additional hour. Serve the tomato ragu over rigatoni pasta cooked to manufacturers directions. Serve the meats on another plate as a second course., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, left whole, 2 quarts San Marzano plum tomatoes, peeled and passed through a food mill or processor, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 15 fresh basil leaves, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground veal or ground pork may also be added, Several pieces of day old bread, crust removed, about 3 slices, 14 cup milk, 2 whole eggs, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves, 13 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper, Rigatoni, cooked, 2 pounds Italian pork sausage with fennel seeds], title: Italian Ragu with Meatballs and Sausage, picturelink: null}, 50790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the apples: In a large bowl, combine the apples with the brown sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice, orange juice, diced butter and cinnamon and reserve.nFor the crisp: In a mixing bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, oats, cinnamon and salt. Add the butter and, using your hands, rub the mixture until it resembles crumbs. Cover and refrigerate for about 20 minutes.nPour the apple mixture into an 8by8inch baking pan. Sprinkle on the caramel squares and salt. Place the crisp mixture on top of the apples, scattering evenly without pressing it down. Bake until crispy and golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool.nServe warm with vanilla ice cream if desired., ingredients: [4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced into 14inch wedges, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, diced and chilled, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup rolled oats, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, diced and chilled, 14 cup caramel candy squares, quartered, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Apple Crisp, picturelink: omKUqlHK7Cddvt2ZiMxkPtIEfaMCAxO}, 50791: {instructions: Stir together yogurt, mayonnaise, peach jam, orange juice, curry powder and pepper in a skull size bowl or scoopedout head of lettuce. Refrigerate.nAssemble skeleton., ingredients: [3 cups lowfat yogurt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup peach jam, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 zucchini sliced in half lengthwise and cut into 12  inch slices, 1 yellow squash sliced in half lengthwise and cut into 12  inch slices, 6 ribs celery cut in half lengthwise and into 4 inch pieces., 1 cucumber sliced into wedges, 1 carrot cut into sticks, 10 baby carrot fingers, 1 red pepper cut into 2inch thick strips, 1 yellow pepper cut into 2inch thick strips, 2 broccoli florets, 2 cauliflower florets, 10 snow peas, 2 cherry tomatoes, 2 mushrooms, 1 radish, 4 green beans, 2 yellow beans], title: Skeleton Crudite, picturelink: null}, 50792: {instructions: Special equipment: butchers twinenFor the stuffing and pork: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and heat through. Add the sausage and cook until brown, breaking it up into pieces with the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Add the onions, sprinkle with salt and cook until the onions are softened and slightly brown, about 2 minutes. Add a few tablespoons of the chicken stock if needed to help deglaze the pan. Stir in the sage and apples, and continue to cook for an additional minute. Remove from the heat and transfer to a mixing bowl to cool.nWhile the filling cools down, carefully slice through the pork chops to open the thickest part like a book. Place each pork chop in between plastic wrap and pound lightly with the toothy side of a meat mallet, then the smooth side, to flatten and even out the pork. Set aside.nStir the breadcrumbs, Parmesan, 14 cup of the chicken stock and the eggs into the sausage mixture. Adjust the seasoning if needed.nLay one of the pieces of caul fat out on a large, flat work surface. Lay 3 to 4 slices of prosciutto in the middle in a single layer. Arrange one pork chop on top. Lay some of the stuffing mix on the pork and roll it up, creating a neat even log. Wrap the caul fat in an even layer around the pork log, being sure to wrap around the open ends, to create a smooth even log. Tie with butchers twine to secure. Repeat with the additional caul, prosciutto, pork and stuffing.nIn a large saute pan, coat the bottom of the pan with olive oil. Bring up to mediumhigh heat. Place one of the involtini into the pan and sear until brown on all sides. Remove from the pan, blot on paper towels and transfer to a baking sheet. Cook the second in the same manner be sure to keep the saute pan for the sauce. Put the involtini in the oven and bake until cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes.nFor the pan sauce: While the involtini are baking, add a few drops of chicken stock to deglaze the saute pan from the seared meat. Add the apples and shallots, sprinkle with salt and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, add the apple brandy and then set it over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the brandy by half. Add half the chicken stock and the sage, season with salt and bring it to a boil. When the stock has reduced by half, add the remaining stock and reduce by half again. Remove the sage leaf and stir in the butter. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed.nAllow the meat to rest before slicing. Serve with the pan sauce and garnish with sliced chives., ingredients: [Olive oil, enough to coat the pan, 4 links fennel sausage, casings removed, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, About 12 cup chicken stock, 4 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, Two 2 14inchthick boneless centercut pork loin chops, 2 cups plain breadcrumbs, 23 cup grated Parmesan, 4 eggs, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large pieces caul fat, 6 to 8 slices prosciutto, 2 cups rich brown chicken stock, 1 Granny Smith apple, finely diced, 1 small shallot, finely diced, Kosher salt, 1 cup apple brandy, such as Calvados, 1 fresh sage leaf, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, Sliced chives, for garnish], title: Pork Involtino, picturelink: lLeQu3rmKXvGt4aRusQHxLcSfh3Z7v2}, 50793: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the jerk seasoning, olive oil, garlic, brown sugar, orange juice, and soy sauce. Clean the grouper fillets and remove the bones. Place the fillets in the marinade, then cover the bowl and refrigerate for 2 to 4 hours.nPreheat a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the grouper fillets from the marinade and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until fish is opaque throughout, turning the grouper every minute. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons jerk seasoning, 1 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup orange juice, 2 cups soy sauce, 4 8ounce grouper fillets], title: Caribbean Jerk Grouper, picturelink: null}, 50794: {instructions: 1 Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.n2. Lightly grease a 9inch gratin dish with olive oil.n3. Coarsely chop the spinach, and in a large bowl, toss it with the dill, garlic, curry powder, cumin, salt and pepper. When well combined, firmly pack the mixture into the preapred gratin dish. Sprinkle the bread crumbs generously on top. Drizzle the ghee over the crumbs, making sure they are well coated.n4. Bake the gratin for about 45 minutes, or until the spinach liquid has evaporated and the top has browned. Remove from the oven and serve immediately.nWine Suggestions: Chateau Ste.Michele Gewurztraminer Zaca Mesa Roussann These delicate white wines enhance the lsightly spiced leafiness of the spinach gratin., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 pounds fresh spinach, well washed, dried, and stemmed, 1 teaspoon minced fresh dill, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon Curry Spice Blend or curry powder, 14 teaspoon toasted ground cumin, coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup ghee], title: Savory Spinach Gratin, picturelink: null}, 50795: {instructions: In a large skillet set over moderately low heat, heat the oil until it is hot. Add the onion, red pepper and fennel and cook the vegetables, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, garlic, herbs, cannellini beans, salt and pepper to taste and simmer the mixture, covered, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more. Stir in the basil or parsley.nMeanwhile, cook the ravioli in boiling salted water until al dente. Drain and transfer to a serving dish. Top with sauce. Serve with freshly grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 12 cups minced red bell pepper Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup minced fennel or celery 3 tablespoons minced fresh basil, 3 cups diced plum tomatoes or or parsley, drained canned plum tomatoes 12 ounces cheese filled ravioli, 3 cloves garlic, minced Freshly grated Parmesan cheese to taste, 12 teaspoon each dried basil and thyme, 4 tablespoons olive oil 1 small can 10 12 ounces, 1 cup minced red onion cannellini beans, drained], title: Cheese Filled Ravioli with Vegetable Sauce, picturelink: null}, 50796: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Add the onions, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook until the onions are soft and browned, 8 minutes, stirring often with a wooden spoon. Add the chicken stock, plantains, cilantro, bay leaves and cumin, and bring to a boil, reduce the heat to the lowest setting and cook at a bare simmer, uncovered, until the plantains are very tender, 45 minutes.nTransfer half of the soup to a blender and puree until smooth. When blending hot liquids, fill the blender less than halfway full, place the lid askew and pulse the liquid at first to release some heat, otherwise, your blender top could pop Stir the pureed soup back into the pot with the remaining chunky soup and mix well. If the soup is too thick for your taste add more chicken stock. Season with salt and pepper and serve.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 celery rib, strings removed and finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 4 12 cups chicken broth, homemade or canned lowsodium broth, plus more if needed, 2 green plantains, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, reserve some for garnish, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and fresh ground black pepper], title: Plantain Soup, picturelink: wzzopPDme.ywLrcbyDPtIQrvEG.S1wi}, 50797: {instructions: Cut the top off the pumpkin as though you were going to make a Halloween Jackolantern. Seed and scrape the pumpkin so the inside is clean. Clean and reserve the seeds. Rub the lid and inside of the pumpkin with 14 cup of the spice mixture. Rest the lid and pumpkin cutsidedown on a baking pan. Wrap the pumpkin completely with 1 layer of aluminum foil. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven 45 to 55 minutes or until the pumpkin turns just tender.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large saucepot over medium heat. Add the leeks, onions, nutmeg, jalapeno, and cinnamon sticks. Saute until the leeks begin to soften. Add the squashes and root vegetables to heat through. Add the hot squash sauce, the potatoes, and bring to a simmer. Remove from heat and add the herbs. Remove the pumpkin from the oven and stand upright. Ladle the stew into the cavity of the pumpkin.nTo serve, toast some Russian black bread or walnut raisin bread, and place a slice in each of several warmed bowls. Sprinkle some of the spice mixture on the rim of the pumpkin. Use a carving knife to cut thin slices off the pumpkin. Arrange the slices around the bread then ladle some of the stew over the bread. Sprinkle the freshly cut rim of the pumpkin with more spice mixture and the stew with more herbs. Repeat the process until the stew and pumpkin are gone.nPuree any leftover pumpkin with some spice mixture and brown sugar and use as you would canned pumpkin to make a savory pumpkin pie.nCombing above ingredients in a medium bowl and mix well., ingredients: [1 white or cheese pumpkin, about 6 pounds, 12 cup spice mixture, recipe follows, 1 to 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 ounces thinly sliced leeks, 5 ounces cipolinni onions, roasted then peeled, 5 ounces red pearl onions, roasted then peeled, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely minced, 3 toasted cinnamon sticks, 12 to 15 ounces peeled butternut or other squash, cut into 1inch cubes and roasted 20 minutes in a preheated 350 degree F oven, 4 ounces peeled rutabaga, cut into 1inch cubes and roasted 30 minutes, 4 ounces peeled turnip, cut into 1inch cubes and roasted 15 to 20 minutes, 4 cups squash sauce, recipe follows, 2 large Peruvian potatoes, steamed, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 3 to 4 large Yukon gold potatoes, steamed, peeled, and cut into1inch cubes, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh herbs, 23 cup ras el hanout, 14 cup raw cane sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher or coarse sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Winter Vegetable Stew, picturelink: null}, 50798: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nCREAM together shortening, sugar and almond extract in large bowl until well combined. Add egg beat until light and fluffy. Add ground almonds, flour and salt mix on medium speed of mixer until well blended.nROLL dough into 1inch balls place on ungreased baking sheets. Indent each ball with thumb.nBAKE 20 to 25 minutes. Fill each indent with scant 12 teaspoon preserves. Return to oven bake an additional 5 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes, then remove to rack to cool completely. Sprinkle with powdered sugar when cooled, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 23 cup powdered sugar, 2 tsps. almond extract, 1 large egg, 13 cup ground almonds, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. salt, Smuckersu00ae Orchards Finestu00ae Northwest Triple Berry Preserves, or other Orchards Finest flavor, Powdered sugar optional], title: Easy Linzer Thumbprints, picturelink: ftwehhWbNyUMhoBD3.ZNPICS3dkjS}, 50799: {instructions: Heat a soup pot over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil, about 2 turns of the pan.nWhile soup pot heats, chop carrots in half lengthwise then slice into thin half moons. Add the carrots to the pot while it heats, stirring to coat the carrots in the oil. Chop and drop in celery and onion, chopping as small as you can, but dont make yourself crazy. Add the garlic, chipotle, and adobo sauce and stir to combine. Season the veggies with salt, pepper, thyme, and bay leaf. Cook the veggies together 1 minute. Add the wine and reduce a minute. Add the stock to the pot, cover the pot, and raise heat to high. Bring the stoup to a boil, remove the cover, and simmer for 10 minutes.nPeel and cut the sweet potatoes into quarters lengthwise, then thinly slice into bite size pieces. Add the cut chicken and sweet potatoes and simmer 5 minutes until sweet potatoes are tender and chicken is cooked through. Turn the heat off and add the scallions and cilantro. Serve each portion of stoup with a dollop of sour cream on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium carrots, peeled, 2 ribs celery, 1 large onion, peeled and halved, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 to 2 chipotle chili in adobo, finely chopped, plus a spoon of sauce from the can, Salt and black pepper, 1 teaspoon dry thyme, eyeball it, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup dry white wine, eyeball it, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 large sweet potato, 34 to 1 pound chicken tenders, cut into bite size pieces, 4 scallions, white and green parts thinly sliced, 14 cup cilantro leaves, a generous handful, roughly chopped, 12 cup sour cream, for garnish, optional], title: Smoky Sweet Potato Chicken Stoup, picturelink: 1JejA7TAVBPZyTBNJqYsbRpPNygxbFO}, 50800: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine ingredients in a large pot. Bring to a simmer and cook until softened, reduced and thickened, about 30 minutes. Cool fully before serving., ingredients: [1 10 to 16ounce bag fresh or frozen whole cranberries,, 2 crisp red apples, peeled, cored and sliced 1inch thick, 2inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup water], title: Cranberry, Apple and Ginger Chutney, picturelink: B9eOULXOpF7.w00RsQO9lC0HXzE56SC}, 50801: {instructions: Prepare the vinaigrette: Place chicken stock in a saucepan and reduce liquid to 12 cup. Pour hot chicken stock over the shallots in a blender and let sit for 3 minutes. Add the vinegar and season to taste. While the stock is still hot, slowly add the oil with the blender on medium speed to emulsify. Add truffle peelings and blend briefly. Keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups chicken stock, 13 cup shallot, peeled and finely diced, 14 cup sherry vinegar, Salt and pepper, 14 cup truffle oil, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 1 12 tablespoons chopped black truffle peelings, 4 baking potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 stick unsalted butter, Salt and pepper, 1 cup fresh chives, finely chopped, 4 6ounce fillets striped bass, with skin left on, 4 tablespoons butter, room temperature], title: Seared Striped Bass on Chive Whipped Potatoes with Truffle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 50802: {instructions: Blend all ingredients except strawberry puree. Pour into a cocktail glass and garnish with strawberry puree., ingredients: [1 ounce coconut syrup, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1 12 ounces rum, Splash vanilla ice milk or ice cream, 12 cup ice, 1 12 ounces strawberry puree], title: Lava Flow, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 50803: {instructions: Place the tomato, onion and cilantro into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until well chopped. Add the black beans, cumin, hot sauce and salt, to taste, and pulse until the mixture is mostly smooth. Scrape into a decorative bowl and garnish with cilantro sprigs. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 plum tomato, diced, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped, plus sprigs for garnish, Two 15ounce cans black beans, drained, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, Salt, Tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Black Bean Dip, picturelink: null}, 50804: {instructions: In a bowl combine all the dry ingredients and diced butter. Rub mixture briskly between finger tips until it forms small moist clumps in a loose sandy mixture. Refrigerate while preparing the apples.nCut a small layer off the bottom of each apple to create a flat, stable bottom surface. With a small paring knife, cut a cylindrical cone out of the top of the apple, moving about 1inch outside of the core, similar to removing the top of a pumpkin when carving a Jack OLantern. Remove the top and discard. With a melon baller or a teaspoon, remove the remaining core and seeds taking care not to puncture the base of the apple.nPlace apples on a baking sheet or pie dish and fill each center with a teaspoon of honey. Spoon in mixture, packing lightly until heaped and overflowing over sides of the apples.nBake in oven at 350 degrees on the top or middle rack for 40 minutes or until filling is golden brown and the tip of a paring knife can be inserted into the side of the apple with little or no resistance. Let apples stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [34 cup oats, 34 cup flour, 23 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch kosher salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 4 Braeburn apples Fuji will substitute, 4 teaspoons honey], title: Baker, Baker, picturelink: 8LF6ueP6VREUBGvQCt5Y3fJYsPh0Vcm}, 50805: {instructions: Bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil it should taste like sea water.nMeanwhile, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large, straightsided saute pan until it shimmers. Sprinkle the chicken livers liberally with salt and pepper. In two batches, add the chicken livers to the hot oil and brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per batch. Transfer the browned livers to a plate.nOnce all of the livers have been browned, add 2 tablespoons of the butter to the pan. Add the mushrooms and cook until lightly browned, about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add 2 more tablespoons of the butter and the onions, season with salt and pepper and cook until slightly softened and lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Take the pan off of the heat and carefully add the cognac. Stir to combine, place the pan back on the heat and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add the chicken broth and cook until reduced by half, 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, slice the browned livers into long strips about 12inch thick.nReduce the heat to mediumlow, stir the yogurt into the sauce and season with salt and pepper. Then add the livers and stir to combine. Simmer the sauce until the livers are cooked to your liking, 3 to 5 minutes for medium. Season with salt and pepper.nWhile the livers are cooking in the sauce, cook the egg noodles in the boiling water until al dente, 5 to 8 minutes. Then drain. Toss the hot egg noodles with the remaining butter and half of the parsley. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, divide the egg noodles among 4 to 6 bowls and top with the chicken livers and sauce. Garnish with the remaining parsley. Alternatively, this dish can be served familystyle on a large platter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound chicken livers, cleaned and deveined about 1 pint, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced about 18inch thick about 4 cups, 1 small red onion, cut in 12inch dice about 1 cup, 14 cup cognac or dry sherry, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup whole Greek yogurt, 12 ounces wide egg noodles, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped], title: Chicken Liver Stroganoff with Greek Yogurt, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 50806: {instructions: StirFry: In a wok or large skillet over high heat add the canola oil. Add the beef and cook until browned, about 3 minutes. Set aside on a plate.nTo the same pan the beef was cooked in, add the carrots, celery, onions, mushrooms, ginger, garlic, and broccoli and stirfry until slightly tender but not soft, about 3 minutes. Remove half the vegetables and reserve for the online round 2 recipe: Cold Noodle Salad. Add the beef back to the skillet along with half of the hoisin sauce, and toss to coat the beef. Reserve half of the lo mein noodles for the round 2 recipe: Cold Noodle Salad. Arrange the remaining half of the lo mein noodles on a serving platter and top with the beef stirfry.nHoisin Sauce: In a medium bowl, whisk all the sauce ingredients until well blended. Add half to the stirfry and save the remaining half for the next time you make a stirfry. The extra hoisin sauce will last up to 2 weeks in a sealed container stored in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 1 12pound beef chuck steak, sliced into thin strips, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 carrots, sliced about 14inch thick, 2 stalks celery, sliced about 14inch thick, 12 medium yellow onion, sliced, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon freshly minced ginger root, 1 tablespoon freshly minced garlic, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, 1 16ounce package lo mein noodles, cooked according to package directions, 14 soy sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon chopped ginger, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 18 teaspoon pepper], title: BBQ Beef StirFry, picturelink: null}, 50807: {instructions: Melt butter in a large skillet. Add onions and celery, and cook over medium heat until onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add sage, stir to combine, and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Add 12 cup stock, and stir well. Cook for about 5 minutes, until liquid has reduced by half. Transfer onion mixture to a large mixing bowl. Add all remaining ingredients, including the remaining stock mix to combine., ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 onions, 2 pounds, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 16 celery stalks, cut into 14inch dice, 10 large fresh sage leaves, chopped, or 2 teaspoons crushed dried sage, 6 cups homemade or lowsodium canned chicken stock, 2 loaves stale white bread about 36 slices, crust on, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 teaspoons freshly ground pepper, 3 cups coarsely chopped flatleaf parsley about 2 bunches, 2 cups pecans, toasted and chopped optional, 2 cups dried cherries, optional], title: Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 50808: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a muffin pan with 15 regularsize cupcake liners.nIn a medium mixing bowl, sift together the cake flour, baking powder and salt. Whisk together thoroughly.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the whisk attachment, whisk the egg whites until foamy. Gradually add 12 cup sugar and whisk until the eggs whites form a soft meringue. Remove the egg white mixture from the mixing bowl and set aside.nUsing the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and remaining 1 cup sugar. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the flour and coconut milk, alternating between the two, beginning and ending with the flour. Once all the flour has been added, mix until smooth. Scrape down the sides and beat in the egg white mixture until smooth.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full and bake until the tops are golden brown and the cupcakes are baked through, about 25 minutes. Rotate the cupcake pans halfway through the baking process.nFor the lemon curd: In a microwavesafe bowl, whisk together the sugar and eggs. Stir in the butter, lemon zest and lemon juice and mix until smooth. Microwave on high for 1 minute and stir. Repeat 5 times, or until thick.nFor the buttercream: In the bowl of an electric stand mixer using the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Gradually add the powdered sugar and beat until smooth. Beat in the extracts and lemon zest and beat until light and fluffy.nFor the coconut: While cupcakes are baking, spread the shredded coconut over a sheet pan and toast and until light brown, about 7 minutes.nTo assemble: Once the cupcakes are cool, core out the middle of each cupcake and generously fill with the lemon curd. Fill a pastry bag equipped with desired pastry tip with coconutlemon buttercream. Pipe the buttercream over the top of each cupcake and sprinkle with toasted coconut., ingredients: [9.6 ounces cake flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 4 egg whites, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup butter, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 12 cup butter, melted, 4 lemons, zested, 1 cup lemon juice, freshly squeezed, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter, 1 pound powdered sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 lemon, zested, 1 cup shredded coconut], title: Full House: Coconut Cupcakes, Lemon Curd Filling, CoconutLemon Buttercream Frosting, Toasted Coconut, picturelink: apzJBBWUMieSWQRPYLNW.nbBNBfUpy}, 50809: {instructions: Ganache: Heat the heavy cream in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan until bubbles begin to form around the edge of the pan. Place the chopped chocolate in a mediumsized mixing bowl. Gradually pour about half of the hot cream over the chocolate. Let stand for 30 seconds to melt chocolate. Slowly whisk it until smooth and homogenous. Add the remaining cream graduallythe shock of the hot cream can cause the fat in the chocolate to separate or break, if added too quicklyand mix until all of it is incorporated and the ganache is smooth and homogenous. It should be thick, shiny and smooth. Add the Grand Marnier and mix to fully incorporate. Pour the ganache onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet to cool. When the ganache has cooled to the consistency of toothpaste but is still easily spreadable, it is ready to be used. If the ganache has set too much, soften it by heating a small amount in a saucepan placed over medium heat until melted. Then quickly, but gently, stir the melted ganache into the harder, cooler ganache. If its still too hard, repeat the procedure until the desired consistency is reached.nCake layer: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. In a medium bowl with an electric mixer, combine corn syrup, egg yolks, butter and almond flour. Beat at medium high speed until light and fluffy. Add dark rum or substitute vanilla and orange zest.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer beat egg whites until foamy. Add sugar 1 tablespoon at a time. Increase mixer speed to medium high and whip to stiff but not dry peaks, about 7 minutes.nFold the meringue into the butter mixture all at once. Using a rubber spatula fold up from the bottom of the bowl, careful not to deflate the meringue. When the two mixtures are just incorporated, add the warm chocolate. Fold again, carefully. Use a whisk, if the meringue does not fold in well.nPour the batter into a parchment paperlined baking sheet and spread it evenly to the edges with a rubber spatula. Careful not to smash the batter or it will lose its air and the cake will be flat and chewy. Bake until the cake springs back when touched, or a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes. Cool cake in the pan on a wire rack. The cake will collapse slightly as it cools.nUsing an offset spatula spread the ganache onto the cake layer. Spread the ganache all the way to the edges. If the cake is uneven, use the ganache to make it flat and even as possible. Place the cake in the refrigerator and allow the ganache to harden, about 20 minutes. Then use the offset spatula to make the edges as clean and straight as possible. Place the frosted cake in the refrigerator for about 1 hour to set.nWhen ready to serve, remove cake from the refrigerator and allow to come to room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving. Heat a chefs knife in hot water wipe off excess water and cut cake into the serving size preferred.nDecorations: Spread about a 116inch thick layer of the tempered chocolate over a transfer sheet see note below. Use a chefs knife to cut the chocolate, but not the transfer sheet, to match the size of the cake pieces. Set aside and let the chocolate set about 15 minutes to an hour, depending on the air temperature. When the chocolate has set, lift each precut piece from the transfer sheet and place it, design side up, on top of the individual cake serving, ingredients: [2 34 cups heavy cream, 28 ounces pounds bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 13 cup Grand Marnier, 18 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted and still warm, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 10 large egg yolks, 12 cup. plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup almond flour, Scant 14 cup dark rum optional, 10 large egg whites, 34 cup granulated sugar, 16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Gift Cakes for Inside the Carriage, picturelink: null}, 50810: {instructions: Mix pineapple juice, garlic, peppers, cilantro, brown sugar, soy sauce, ginger root, cumin, and olive oil well in large bowl. Reserve some of marinade for basting. Rinse and pat dry chicken. Add chicken to bowl, turn and baste several times, cover and refrigerate at least 12 hours or up to 24 hours, turning chicken and basting occasionally.nTo prepare sauce, melt butter in 10 to 12inch saute pan until sizzling. Add garlic, ginger root, cilantro, and cumin and saute for about 4 minutes or until fragrant. Add soy sauce and cook for 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Add whipping cream, and cook until slightly reduced or sauce coats the back of spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in lime and pineapple juices. Can be made 2 days ahead  cover and refrigerate. Warm the sauce before serving.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove chicken from marinade and place in roasting pan, just large enough to accommodate chicken.Tuck wings under chicken and baste with marinade. Place in preheated oven and roast for 15 minutes. Turn heat down to 350 degrees F and continue to roast for an additional 50 minutes, basting occasionally, or until an instantread meat thermometer registers 180 degrees inserted into thickest part of thigh. Prepare the jasmine rice according to package instructions during the last 30 minutes of roasting. Remove chicken from oven, cover loosely with foil, and let rest for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing.nServe slices of chicken over a bed of cooked jasmine rice with cilantro cream sauce drizzled over the breasts., ingredients: [4 cups pineapple juice, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 small red chile peppers with seeds, chopped fine, 2 cups chopped cilantro leaves, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup soy sauce, 4 tablespoons peeled and chopped ginger root, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, One 3 12 to 4pound roasting chicken, giblets and neck removed for another use, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons ginger root, peeled and finely chopped, 12 cup packed chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon pineapple juice, 6 cups jasmine rice, prepared according to package instructions], title: Roasted Pineapple Ginger Chicken with Cilantro Cream Sauce Marine Corp Style, picturelink: null}, 50811: {instructions: For the vinaigrette, whisk lemon juice, oil, shallot, herbs and mustard in bowl. Season with salt and pepper and set aside. Arrange bed of lettuce on each plate. Place tuna in bowl and break it up with a fork. Add vinaigrette and stir to combine. Mound tuna in center of lettuce.nToss tomatoes, red onion and three tablespoons of vinaigrette in bowl. Arrange tomatoonion mixture in a mound on the plate. Return water to boil and add one tablespoon salt and green beans. Cook until tender but crisp, three to five minutes. Drain beans and transfer to ice water until just cold. Dry beans with paper towel and toss with vinaigrette. Arrange on lettuce. Place hardboiled eggs and olives on the lettuce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12cup lemon juice, 34cup olive oil, 1 medium shallot, Thyme, basil andor oregano leaves, minced as needed, 1 tsp. Dijon mustard, salt and pepper, 2 hardboiled eggs, 4 new red potatoes, quartered, 2 heads Boston lettuce, 6oz. can tuna packed in water, 3 vineripe tomatoes, 1 sliced red onion, 1 handful green beans, 14cup Nicoise olives], title: Nicoise Salad, picturelink: null}, 50812: {instructions: Set a saute pan with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and, once oil starts to smoke lightly, place the chicken into the hot pan. Saute the chicken until it is cooked through. Remove the chicken from the pan and set aside.nWipe the pan clean and set it back over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once the oil begins to lightly smoke again, add the floured tofu and saute until golden brown on all sides. Remove the tofu from the pan and set it aside.nNext, add the broccoli and peas to the pan and saute until tender. Reduce heat to mediumlow and push the vegetables to one side of the pan. Add the honey to the other side of the pan and heat it until it begins to simmer. Add the soy sauce and bring everything to a simmer.nStir in the edamame and red pepper flakes, cooking for 30 seconds, before adding the chicken and tofu to the pan. Saute everything together until all the ingredients are evenly coated and glazed., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large chicken breast, skin removed, diced into 1inch pieces, Salt and pepper, to season, 3 ounces firm tofu, cut into 1inch cubes and lightly dusted with flour, 2 ounces broccoli florets, chopped, 2 ounces fresh snap peas, 13 cup honey, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 3 ounces shelled edamame beans, 1 pinch red pepper flakes], title: SoyGlazed Chicken and Tofu with Spring Vegetables, picturelink: F4zv0Ioy1Hb18fuuK3Iw9rE5xPN2GTe}, 50813: {instructions: For the flour: In a bowl combine the flour, chili powder, dry thyme, salt and pepper and mix to disperse the seasoning throughout the flour.nFor the egg wash: In a bowl combine the buttermilk and eggs, and whisk to combine.nFor the sauce: In a bowl combine the mayo, capers and lemon juice, and mix. Season with salt and pepper, being very careful with the salt as the capers are already salty.nFor the sandwich: Preheat enough oil to come 2 to 3 inches up the side of a medium saucepot over mediumhigh heat, until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nDredge the fish in the egg wash then in the seasoned flour. Dip in the egg wash again and the flour again. Carefully float the fish in the hot oil and cook until golden brown. Remove from the oil and rest the fish on paper towels to drain excess oil.nSet a skillet or saute pan over mediumhigh heat, and heat the grapeseed oil you may have to do this in batches so portion out the oil for how many batches it will take to toast all of the buns. Toast the buns until golden brown.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the caper sauce on both sides of the toasted buns and 1 tablespoon of the ketchup on the top half of each bun.nSeason the tomato slices with salt and pepper and arrange 2 slices on the bottom halves of each bun. Place some shredded lettuce on top of the tomatoes. Place 3 to 4 onion rings on top of the lettuce. Cut the fish in half and stack the 2 pieces of fish on top of each bun and top with the top half of the bun. Serve each sandwich with a lemon wedge., ingredients: [2 pounds allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups buttermilk, 6 eggs, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons capers, chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Six 6ounce whiting fillets, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 6 brioche buns, 34 cup ketchup, 12 slices tomato, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups shredded lettuce, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 6 lemon wedges, for serving], title: Fish Supreme Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 50814: {instructions: Lay the lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mustard on the lower half of the bread. Place the crawfish on top and finish with a dash of paprika., ingredients: [1 serving French bread, 1 handful lettuce, 12 tomato, sliced, Ketchup, for spreading, Mustard, for spreading, 13 pound breaded crawfish, Dash paprika], title: Crawfish Po Boy, picturelink: ERKTrtRd8XjLMTVAecUxVaxZoU9JFPC}, 50815: {instructions: Preheat your broiler to high.nHeat the rice in your microwave until its warmed through. Place the rice in a heatproof casserole or baking dish and toss with the melted butter, the chopped cilantro, parsley, lime zest and Parmesan. Place the dish under the broiler for 5 to 7 minutes, until the cheese is browned. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 cups cooked longgrain white rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon lime zest, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Emerald Rice, picturelink: AQbPok3LlCeCTu6XFXQTKVo2sBcGVmC}, 50816: {instructions: Line round 2 12inch collars with strips of acetate and place them in the freezer.nIn a large bowl, whisk the yolks, sugar, brandy, malt powder, milk, and vanilla bean together. Over a hot water bath cook whisking constantly until very thick, like a sabayon. Remove from the heat and take out the vanilla bean. Whisk in the chocolate to melt it, then let this cool almost completely. Fold in the whipped cream until completely combined.nPour semifreddo mixture into collars filling 18inch from the top and freeze overnight. To serve it, take it out of the collar and sprinkle it lightly with cocoa powder and powdered sugar then place on dessert plates then peel off the acetate. Let sit for 10 minutes before serving to temper it a bit., ingredients: [4 yolks, 12 scant cup sugar, 2 tablespoons brandy, 2 tablespoons malt powder, 13 cup milk, 12 vanilla bean, split, 12 cup chopped semisweet chocolate, 1 34 cups heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks, Cocoa powder and confectioners sugar for sprinkling], title: Chocolate Malted Semifreddo, picturelink: null}, 50817: {instructions: Wash and completely dry the apples. Insert a stick into the stem end of each.nLine a 9by9inch or 7by11inch baking pan with foil. Place the chopped nuts into the lined pan.nFit a heavybottomed saucepan with a candy thermometer. Over high heat, cook 34 cup of the cream, the corn syrup, butter, and sugar to 280 degrees F firm ball at this point the syrup will be golden. Remove from the heat and carefully swirl in the remaining 14 cup of cream and the vanilla. Use caution this is very hot and it may splatter.nWhile the caramel is hot, dip and turn the apples into the caramel to coat and let the excess drip off. Dip the bottoms into the chopped nuts. Arrange the apples on a nonstick or waxed paperlined cookie sheet and let cool., ingredients: [8 apples, any variety, 1 cup chopped peanuts or other nut of your choice, 1 cup heavy cream, divided, 34 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Caramel Apples, picturelink: woEMwtFd6hyV0.kbWmlxbvXQVUFLeO}, 50818: {instructions: Special equipment: 9 by 2 12inch deep foil pannWhisk the eggs and cream together in a large mixing bowl. Add the salt, pepper and nutmeg and whisk to blend.nFor the Lorraine tart: put the onion into a small skillet with a tablespoon of olive oil. Place the pan over medium heat and cook until the onion is translucent, about 10 to 15 minutes. Brush the bottom of the prepared tart shell with the Dijon and spread the cooked onion, bacon and Gruyere on top. Pour the custard over the filling and place the pan into the bottom half of the preheated oven. Bake the tart until the filling is slightly puffed and golden, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool 10 minutes before serving.nFor the olives, roasted red pepper and goat cheese tart: Put the olives, roasted red pepper and goat cheese into the prepared tart shell and pour the custard over the filling. Bake as above.nPrepare the tart pan by spraying it with pan release spray and coating it with the cornmeal. Knock out any excess cornmeal and set the pan aside.nBlend the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Transfer the mix to a large mixing bowl and add the water 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring constantly with a fork. Transfer the dough to a floured surface and knead just until it forms a ball. Flatten the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate at least one hour.nOn a floured surface, roll the dough out to a 12inch circle. Carefully lift it into the prepared pan, pressing into the bottom and up the sides. Leave at least a 1inch overhang, which will be used to crimp the edges. Prick the bottom of the pan all over and place in the freezer for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 prepared tart shell, Pate Brisee recipe follows, 7 eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, Variation 1  Lorraine:, 1 small onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 5 slices bacon, cooked crisp, 12 cup shredded Gruyere, Variation 2 u2013 olives, roasted red pepper and goat cheese, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, roughly chopped, 2 store bought roasted red peppers, roughly chopped, 4 ounces crumbled goat cheese, Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F., Pan release spray, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon salt, 7 tablespoons butter, chilled and cut into bits, 3 tablespoons ice water], title: French Country Tart Variations, picturelink: null}, 50819: {instructions: For the pasta and sauce: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook according to the instructions on the package. Drain and set aside.nSet a medium saucepan over low heat. Add the evaporated milk, Buffalo sauce and mustard and whisk until uniform and smooth. Toss the Cheddar and pepper jack with the cornstarch in a bowl until the cheese is totally coated, then add to the saucepan. Whisk in the blue cheese and heat, stirring constantly, until all the cheese is melted and the sauce is silky and smooth, about 5 minutes.nFor the mixins: Meanwhile, lay out the chicken skin flat in a pan without overlapping the pieces. Cook on high heat until crisped, 5 to 8 minutes. Chop into pieces.nAdd the pasta to the sauce and stir until completely coated. Add the crisped chicken skin and shredded chicken and stir. Mix in the blue cheese.nTransfer to a serving bowl and garnish with the celery leaves. Serve with celery stalks as spoons., ingredients: [1 pound pasta shells, Two 12ounce cans evaporated milk, 12 cup Buffalo sauce, 1 12 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 8 ounces freshly grated sharp Cheddar, 4 ounces freshly grated pepper jack cheese, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 ounces crumbled blue cheese, 1 small rotisserie chicken, meat shredded, skin reserved, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 cup chopped celery leaves plus 8 celery stalks, bottoms slightly trimmed but left wide to be used as serving spoons], title: Pass the Buffalo Mac and Cheese, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 50820: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: Put the graham crackers and most of the macadamia nuts in the bowl of a food processor and process until smooth. Add the butter and sugar and process again to combine. Press into a pie pan and bake until golden and set, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly while you make the filling.nFor the filling: In the bowl of a stand mixer, add the lime zest and juice and egg yolks and mix until combined. Add the condensed milk and mix on high until smooth and thick. Pour the mixture into the crust and bake until no longer jiggly, about 15 minutes. Allow to cool, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour, more if possible.nFor the topping: Pour the cold heavy cream into a clean mixer bowl. Add the sugar and beat on high speed until the whipped cream is very stiff.nSlice the kiwis and cover the surface of the cooled pie with the slices. Spread the whipped cream on top. Slice the remaining kiwi slices in half and decorate the top of the pie with them. Chop the remaining macadamia nuts, sprinkle on top and serve., ingredients: [14 whole graham crackers the 4section large pieces, 12 cup macadamia nuts, 1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lime zest plus 12 cup lime juice, 2 large egg yolks, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup heavy cream, chilled, 2 tablespoons sugar, 5 kiwis, peeled], title: Kiwi Lime Pie, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 50821: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: ravioli pinnFor the filling: Heat the oil for 1 minute in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef and cook for about 3 minutes, stirring with a spoon to keep the beef from clumping. Then add the oregano, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste and cook for another 3 minutes. Transfer the filling to a colander and drain the excess oil, then transfer it to a bowl and stir in the ricotta. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the breading: In a food processor, pulse the panko breadcrumbs to half of their original size this will allow them to bread the ravioli evenly. Transfer the crumbs to a bowl and mix them well with the Parmesan, parsley and salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nFor the dough: Slowly sift the allpurpose flour, semolina and 1 teaspoon of the salt into a bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs, oil and 1 to 2 tablespoons of water. Form the sifted flour into a mound on a counter and pour half the egg mixture into the center of the mound. Start forming a dough with two fingers while supporting the mound of flour with the other hand, then add the remainder of the egg mixture once the original amount is absorbed. Continue kneading the dough by hand until all the liquid has been absorbed, 5 to 6 minutes, dusting the work surface with flour as needed to prevent the dough from sticking. Once the dough is mixed well, roll it into a ball, wrap with plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nTo assemble and fry: Split the rested dough into 2 balls and roll out each ball on a floured work surface to the thickness of a dime or run them through a pasta machine three times on thickness settings of 8, 5 and finally 2. Score one of the sheets of rolled dough with a ravioli pin and fill each scored pocket with 1 teaspoon of the filling. Brush the edges of the dough with egg wash, lay the second sheet of rolled pasta on top and then press and seal the individual ravioli with your fingers, ensuring that no air is trapped inside. Cut and portion out the individual pieces.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, heat the vegetable oil to 350 degrees F. Dredge the ravioli in the flour, followed by the egg wash, and finally the breading. Working in batches, fry the ravioli for 3 minutes, flipping them once during the process. Drain on paper towels, then serve with marinara sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 pounds ground beef 8020 blend, 1 teaspoon minced fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup ricotta, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup semolina flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups egg wash equal parts milk and eggs, beaten together, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Serving suggestion: marinara sauce], title: Beef Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 50822: {instructions: Heat a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat with extravirgin olive oil. Crumble the Italian sausage into large pieces, add to Dutch oven and begin to brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the andouille and crisp at edges, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove browned sausages to a paper towel lined plate and add chicken, season with salt and pepper. Lightly brown chicken a couple of minutes on each side then add veggies and bay leaf, add more salt and pepper and cook 7 to 8 minutes more to soften veggies. Add sausages back to the pan along with the beans and sage. Deglaze with wine and stir in the stock.nTurn broiler on and set rack in the middle of the oven.nCoarsely chop the bread in food processor into large crumbs, remove blade and toss with melted butter it melts in 15 seconds in microwave and the parsley, thyme, salt and pepper. Cover the sausage and chicken with bread and set in oven to brown 2 to 3 minutes. Serve directly from the pot. Keep an eye out for that bay leaf and sprigs, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 34 pound bulk Italian hot sausage, 34 pound, 1 package, andouille sausage, cut into 1inch lengths on an angle, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into large chunks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 2 carrots, shredded, 3 to 4 ribs celery from the heart, thinly sliced, 1 fresh bay leaf, 2 15ounce cans white cannellini beans, 5 to 6 fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 loaf baguette, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, A handful fresh parsley sprigs, left whole, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme, left whole], title: Spicy Sausage, Chicken and Bean Pot, picturelink: TEF85cp8EvrBhCdhKZdwI3rOIDEiGW}, 50823: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine water, sugar and spices. Heat until sugar and salt are dissolved. Cool. When cool, place turkey breast and brine in a 1 gallon resealable bag. Double the bag and place in shallow pan in refrigerator for 2 to 3 days. Just in case of leaking, check occasionally.nAfter desired brine time, remove breast from brine and rinse well. Dry breast well and prepare rub.nPulse all in a spice grinder or food processornApply rub to breast, cover tightly and refrigerate for 24 hoursnTake a large sheet of heavy duty aluminum foil about 2 feet long fold in half, fold in half again and fold the edges up on 1 half, think of creating a small pizza box.nSoak the chips submerged in water for 15 minutes, while chips are soaking, raise oven rack to position 4inches below broiler. Preheat broiler on high. Drain chips, place in bottom, folded section of foil, bending the top back out of the way. Broil for 5 minutes, stir chips, broil 2 more minutes, remove and immediately and carefully, fold top over bottom and crimp closed. Place in oven and poke a several holes in top with knife to release smoke.nRemove turkey from refrigeration. Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Roast in oven, breast side down for 1 hour, increase heat to 325 degrees F if convection, 350 degrees F if standard oven. Carefully turn over and continue to roast until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nCover loosely, cool and thinly slice., ingredients: [5 pounds fresh turkey breast, 3 cups water, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup crushed Juniper berries, 14 cup freshly cracked black peppercorns, 8 cloves fresh garlic, smashed, Pinch red pepper flakes, 12 cup juniper berries, 14 cup black black peppercorns, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cup hickory chips], title: Turkey Pastrami, picturelink: null}, 50824: {instructions: Mix the smoked paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne pepper, dried thyme, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 12 teaspoons black pepper in a bowl. Sprinkle some of the spice rub inside the cavity of the turkey. Separate the skin from the breast meat with your fingers, starting at the top of the breast and sliding to the right and left, then working down. Massage some of the rub onto the meat under the skin. Sprinkle the remaining rub on the turkeys skin. Place the turkey on a sheet tray and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight or up to 24 hours so the flavors can marry.nSet a rack at the lowest position in the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Remove the turkey from the refrigerator to bring to room temperature. Tie the legs together and tuck the wing tips under. Place the turkey in a roasting pan. Drizzle the outside of the turkey with a few tablespoons of olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast the turkey about 3 hours, or until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh registers 165 degrees F. Transfer the turkey to a platter, cover loosely with foil and let rest 30 minutes before carving.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14pound turkey, giblets removed, washed and dried, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Fresh thyme, for garnish], title: OvenRoasted Turkey, picturelink: a4JaOIHmJ9nHBswlEa0TEAHvo0oWje}, 50825: {instructions: Make the gazpacho: Combine the tomatoes, cucumber, bread, garlic and vinegar in a large bowl toss well. Working in batches, transfer to a blender and puree until smooth and thick, about 3 minutes. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and puree until incorporated. Add the sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and pulse to mix. Transfer to a large bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour.nPrepare the toppings: Rinse out the blender, then add the cilantro, olive oil, 14 cup water, the juice of 12 lemon and the sugar and puree until smooth. Season with salt.nCombine the cucumber, chile and the juice from the remaining 12 lemon in a bowl season with salt and toss. Divide the soup among bowls. Drizzle with the cilantro oil and top with the cucumberchile mixture.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [For the gazpacho:, 3 pounds tomatoes, roughly chopped, 12 large cucumber, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 cups cubed dayold Italian or French bread, crusts removed about 13 loaf, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, For the toppings:, 1 bunch fresh cilantro about 1 cup leaves, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, halved, Pinch of sugar, Kosher salt, 12 large cucumber, peeled and finely chopped, 1 small red Thai chile pepper, finely chopped seeds removed for less heat], title: Gazpacho with Cilantro Oil, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 50826: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat the sugar, cranberry sauce, orange zest, and water over medium heat until it comes to a boil. Simmer for 3 minutes and then remove from the heat. Allow to sit for at least 30 minutes, then chill.nPlace ice into 4 glasses pour 14 cup cranberry syrup into each glass. Add 14 cup white wine, if using, the juice from a wedge of lemon and 34 cup seltzer to each glass., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup whole berry cranberry sauce, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 1 cup water, 1 cup dry white wine, optional, 3 cups seltzer water, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: CranberryOrange Spritzer, picturelink: B2nLNlmOGVMtfkgLdcj5v28Ohkt2Vuu}, 50827: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the macaroni in a large pot of boiling salted water until done, about 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and toss it with 2 tablespoons butter set aside.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a large baking dish with 1 tablespoon butter and set it aside. Put the milk into a saucepan and add the clove studded onion, garlic, bay leaf, thyme, and mustard. Warm over medium low heat until the milk starts to steam, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let the flavors infuse while you make the roux. In a large pot over medium heat add 2 tablespoons butter and the flour. Cook, stirring, for about 2 to 3 minutes dont let the roux color. Strain the infused milk onto the roux, whisking constantly to avoid lumps. Cook, stirring often, for about 5 minutes until the sauce is thick. Remove from the heat and add 12 the grated Cheddar and 12 the Parmesan stir until it is melted and smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Pour this over the macaroni, add the chunks of Cheddar, and mix until well blended put this into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle the remaining Cheddar and Parmesan cheeses evenly over the top. Bake until the top is golden and crusty, about 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups 1 pound elbow macaroni, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cups milk, 12 medium onion, stuck with 1 clove, 4 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups grated Cheddar, plus 1 cup in big chunks, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: mN4y5FbAAeDbNn.2vnfAQAlJhOKZTvS}, 50828: {instructions: Place curd in a mixing bowl. Pour boiling water over the curd, just covering it. With heat proof rubber gloves, kneed the curd together until one smooth mass is formed. Remove from the water and place in a mixing bowl. Add the herbs and pepper and kneed together. Lay the mozzarella mix on a bench and roll out with rolling pin until it is about 14inch thick. Spread a thin layer of pesto over all of the mozzarella and arrange the proscuitto evenly on top of the pesto. Tightly roll the mozzarella and cut off the ends. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for two hours. Remove roulade from refrigerator, unwrap and slice to desired thickness. Place mesclun mix in center of a rather large plate. Slice red and golden tomato. Arrange mozzarella slices with tomatoes alternating mozzarella with different color tomato. Lightly drizzle vinaigrette on top and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds Mozzarella curd, 14cup fresh basil chopped medium fine, 14cup fresh parsley chopped medium fine, Large sauce pot of boiling salted water, Ice bath, 2 cups sun dried tomato pesto, 14 pound Proscuitto di Parma, juilenne, Fresh milled black pepper to taste, Mesclun mix as needed, Vine ripened red tomato, Golden tomato, Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing], title: Mozzarella Roulade, picturelink: null}, 50829: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together eggs and sugar until incorporated. Add vanilla and cream. Slice bread to desired thickness. Dip bread in batter and cook over medium heat. Griddle soaked bread in a pat of butter. Diagonally cut French toast and stagger. Sprinkle powdered sugar on the toast and place a piece of mint on top. Garnish with berries, if desired.nCarmelized Bananas Preparation: On high heat, place butter and bananas in a large saute pan. Cook until brown. Add sugar and bourbon. A flame will be created, so watch your eyebrows Cook one more minute.nMaple Syrup, ingredients: [1.5 lb. loaf brioche bread, 1 stick butter, 2 qts. heavy cream, 1 cup. sugar, 6 eggs, 2 tsp. vanilla, 6 ripe bananas, 12stick butter, 2 Tbs. sugar, 4 tsp. bourbon, 18oz. pure maple syrup, 1 stick cinnamon], title: Creme Brulee French Toast, picturelink: null}, 50830: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the eggplant into 14inch rounds. Liberally coat the eggplant in herb oil and season with salt and black pepper. Spread the eggplant out in 1 layer in a baking dish and bake for about 20 minutes or until they are fully cooked and soft to the touch. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil. Add the sliced onion, fennel, and thyme and allow the mixture to cook while stirring frequently. Once the onions and fennel have wilted, about 5 minutes, add the sugar and continue to cook until all excess liquid has dissolved and the mixture begins to caramelize on the bottom of the pan. This takes about 30 minutes. Add the golden raisins. Deglaze the pan with the Champagne vinegar and mix well. Mix in the toasted pine nuts and remove any stems of the thyme. Let cool.nPlace the roasted eggplant rings on sheet pan spaced equally apart. Top off each ring with the onion and fennel mixture, forming a flat base for the zucchini, yellow squash and tomato slices. Alternate the zucchini, yellow squash and tomato slices around the top of the onion and fennel mixture by layering each piece on top of one another in a circle, tucking under the last piece to form a full, cohesive circle. Top each tian with herb oil, salt and black pepper. Place in the oven to heat for approximately 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a pot over medium heat, heat the basil cream and check for seasoning.nPreheat a grill to high.nWorking with the skin side up, use a sharp knife and cut on the bias, to make an incision in the center of each fillet. The incision should not go all the way through to the other side, but should create a pocket. Stuff each incision with a healthy pinch of the fennel tops. Season each fillet with salt and pepper and coat them with homemade herb oil. Grill over high heat. Each fillet will take approximately 6 to 8 minutes to cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nUsing a spatula, carefully place a vegetable tian on each plate. Pour the basil cream around each tian. Place 1 of the striped refhttp:www.foodterms.comencyclopediabassindex.html classcrosslink debug2184 2196bass fillets on each plate. Garnish the plate with the remaining fennel tops.nPlace the rosemary and the olive oil in a blender and cover. Blend on high speed until the roasemary has been ground into small pieces. Add the tarragon and thyme and continue blending until all the herbs have been broken down into small pieces. Pour into an airtight container and store in the refrigerator.nIn a saucepot, add the white wine and garlic cloves. Over medium heat, allow the wine to reduce by half. Add the cream and salt and bring to a boil. Add the basil to the cream and allow it to cook for 1 minute, making sure it is fully immersed so no browning occurs. In a blender, blend the cream mixture in a medium sized batches on high until the mixture is bright green about 2 or 3 minutes.nImmediately pour the cream into a container resting in ice to chill. Stir constantly. Continue this process until all the cream is blended and cooled rapidly., ingredients: [2 eggplants, medium sized 3 12 to 4 inches in diameter, Homemade herb oil, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 7 onions, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 4 fennel, cored and sliced 14inch thick, reserve the tops for the striped bass and for garnishing the plate, 5 sprigs thyme, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup Champagne vinegar, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 3 zucchini, sliced into 24 14inch rings  See Cooks Note, 3 yellow squash, sliced into 24 14inch rings , 5 tomatoes, sliced into 24 14inch rings , Basil Cream, recipe follows, 8 7 to 8ounce striped bass fillets, skinon, 1 cup chopped fennel tops, reserved from above, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup rosemary leaves, stems removed, 2 cups olive oil, 12 cup tarragon leaves, 14 cup thyme leaves, 2 cups white wine, 6 cloves garlic, 4 cups cream, 4 cups basil leaves, loosely packed, 1 tablespoon salt], title: Outdoor Grilled Striped Bass with Vegetable Tian and Basil Cream, picturelink: null}, 50831: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Place the pasta in a large serving bowl.nFor the vegetables: Place an oven rack in the upper third of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Arrange the zucchini, summer squash, cauliflower, carrots and garlic in a single layer. Drizzle with the olive oil and bake until light golden and tender, 20 minutes. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper.nFor the vinaigrette: Whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, honey, salt and pepper in a small bowl until smooth.nTo assemble: Place the vegetables in the bowl. Add the pasta on top. Add the Parmesan on top so it sticks to the pasta and helps everything else stick. Toss the vegetables and pasta. Pour the vinaigrette over the pasta and toss. Add the prosciutto on top and do not toss until the pasta is cool., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound penne pasta, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 large zucchini, ends trimmed, cut in half lengthwise and then crosswise into 1inch halfmoon pieces about 12 ounces, 3 medium summer squash, ends trimmed, cut in half lengthwise and then crosswise into 1inch halfmoon pieces about 12 ounces, 12 small cauliflower, cut into 12inch pieces about 2 cups, 2 medium carrots, diced into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey or agave, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped, 34 cup grated Parmesan], title: Penne with Roasted Vegetables and Prosciutto, picturelink: Lf64dtE.qCxDdDMClmyjjJjvf7vqne}, 50832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil, shallot and garlic. Cook, stirring often with a wooden spoon, until the shallots are soft and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the lemon slices and cook until they begin to brown, about 1 minute longer, then stir in the shrimp, paprika, thyme, black pepper and salt. Add the Worcestershire sauce and 3 tablespoons water and bring the liquid to a simmer.nCook, stirring often, until the shrimp are beginning to turn pink, about 2 minutes. Add the butter cubes and swirl the pan to combine. Allow the sauce to simmer until the shrimp are pink and just opaque all the way through, another 3 to 4 minutes. Serve with lots of napkins and some crusty bread for sopping up the sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 large shallot, minced, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 12 large lemon, sliced crosswise into five 14inchthick rounds, 1 pound shellon, deveined large shrimp, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 14 teaspoon ground dried thyme see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature and cut into small cubes, Crusty bread, for dipping], title: New OrleansStyle Barbecued Shrimp, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 50833: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the grated coconut in a shallow bowl and set aside. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt and oats in a large mixing bowl.nIn another bowl, cream together the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Then beat in the eggs and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and mix just until combined.nTo shape cookies, roll the batter between your hands to form balls the size of a large walnut. Roll in the grated coconut to coat then place on the cookie sheet and flatten to 2inch circles with the palm of your hand. With your thumb, make a depression in the center of each and fill with a generous teaspoonful of jam. Bake 20 to 25 minutes, until lightly browned. Transfer to racks to cool., ingredients: [1 34 cup grated sweetened coconut, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups rolled oats, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup guava or other jam], title: Coconut Jam Fills, picturelink: null}, 50834: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven over medium heat, add the beans, chicken and beef stock, onions, ham hock, green pepper, garlic, salt, black pepper and cayenne. Stir and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for approximately 2 hours.nIn a medium saute pan over high heat, add the grapeseed oil. When the oil is hot, add the smoked sausage and brown evenly for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the sausage to the pot with the beans. Continue simmering the beans until tender, about 20 minutes more. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve over hot rice., ingredients: [8 ounces dried red beans, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 cups beef stock, 1 onion, chopped, 1 small smoked ham hock, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 12 pound smoked sausage, diced, Steamed white rice, for serving], title: Smokey Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: 1NVELQQ5p19eGFgdDG8VtGNx0IxVOdG}, 50835: {instructions: Add the amaretto, peach puree, peach schnapps, bourbon and bitters to a cocktail shaker filled with ice, and shake vigorously to blend. Pour into a Collins glass filled with ice and enjoy, ingredients: [1 ounce amaretto, 1 ounce peach puree, 1 ounce peach schnapps, 12 ounce bourbon, Dash bitters, Ice], title: Georgias Peachy Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 50836: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare the pasta according to the directions on the box given for al dente pasta. Drain the pasta and put back in the same pot over low heat. Add the halfandhalf, half the Cheddar, the pimento cheese and habaneros. Stir until melted and creamy. Stir in the mustard, salt and pepper. Pour into a 9 by 13inch casserole dish, top with the remaining Cheddar and sprinkle with cayenne pepper. Bake until golden brown and bubby, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [One 16ounce box pasta your choice, 2 cups halfandhalf or 1 cup whole milk and 1 cup cream, 1 pound shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup your favorite pimento cheese homemade works best, 4 medium habeneros, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cayenne pepper], title: Pimento and Habenero Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 50837: {instructions: Simple Syrup: Heat sugar and water in saucepan over low flame until sugar is completely dissolved. Simple syrup can be stored in sealed container in refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nIn a mixing glass, gently muddle mint leaves, vodka or gin, simple syrup and lemon juice. Add ice. Shake all ingredients well and, using a spring strainer, pour into a pint glass filled with fresh ice. Top with club soda and garnish with fresh mint leaves and lime wheels., ingredients: [4 mint leaves plus more for garnish, 2 ounces vodka or gin, 1 12 ounces simple syrup recipe follows, 1 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, Ice, Club soda, Lime wheels, 4 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons water], title: South Side, picturelink: null}, 50838: {instructions: 1. Cook spaghetti according to package directions, omitting salt. Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add onion cook 5 minutes or until tender, stirring occasionally.n2. Add sauce, undrained tomatoes, beans and cumin. Simmer 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.n3. Drain spaghetti add to skillet and toss with tomato mixture., ingredients: [8 ounces dry spaghetti, uncooked, 2 tablespoons Pure Wessonu00ae Vegetable Oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 cans 8 oz each Huntsu00ae Tomato Sauce, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 1 can 15 oz each Rosaritau00ae Premium Whole Black Beans, drained, rinsed, 12 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Fiesta Spaghetti, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 50839: {instructions: Cut pineapple in 12 lengthwise. Carve 1 half out reserving for bowl that the fruit will go into after frying. Remove the skin and core from the other half and cut into long spears.nPrepare the banana by peeling and cutting in half long ways.nPrepare kiwi by skinning and cutting in 12.nHeat fryer or fryer oil to 350 degrees F.nTo prepare batter, combine eggs, cream, vanilla, and cinnamon. Whisk until well blended. Coat fruit in batter, and then roll fruit in bread crumbs.nAdd the coated fruit to the hot oil, in batches, and fry until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on a paper towel lined plate.nPlace hollowed pineapple on plate, put fried fruit back in the pineapple, drizzle syrup on plate to dip along with mini marshmallows and granola., ingredients: [1 ripe pineapple, 1 banana, 1 kiwi, 2 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup bread crumbs, 3 cups fryer oil, 14 cup chocolate syrup, 13 cup mini marshmallows, 14 cup granola], title: Flash Fried Pineapple, Bannana, and Kiwi with Marshmallow, Chocolate, and Granola, picturelink: null}, 50840: {instructions: Pull the cheese out of the refrigerator at least 1 hour before serving u2013 it should be served at room temperature.nChop the hazelnuts coarsely.nBreak pecorino into large bitesize chunks. Place on plate and drizzle with honey. Top with chopped hazelnuts., ingredients: [1 pound pecorino, 1 cup skinless hazelnuts, toasted, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Pecorino with Honey and Hazelnuts, picturelink: null}, 50841: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, water and salt until smooth. Set aside.nIn a small bowl combine the goat cheese, cream cheese, heavy cream, basil, and green onion. Mix until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Spoon 1 12 to 2 teaspoons filling into each blossom. Close the blossoms and gently twist the petals to seal.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer a cube of bread will brown in about 1 minute. Dip the stuffed zucchini blossoms in the batter and allow any excess batter to drip off. Fry for 1 to 2 minutes, turning occasionally, until golden brown. Allow the cooked blossoms to drain on paper towels.nSeason with salt and serve with your favorite marinara sauce or vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sparkling water, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 13 cup 2 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons 1 ounce cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 green onion, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 zucchini blossoms see Cooks Note, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fried CheeseStuffed Zucchini Blossoms, picturelink: Q.f4fQTHBOZrOaFmsTUzZ9ftWk4V3HC}, 50842: {instructions: Combine the turkey, dry beans, hominy, clam juice, if using, some dried onions and 12 cups water in a large pot. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, and then reduce to a very low simmer and cook until the beans are tender but not mushy, about 2 hours 30 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure nothing is sticking to the bottom.nBreak up the turkey meat, removing the skin and bones. Add the squash and green beans and continue to simmer very gently until tender. Stir in the sunflower flour until thoroughly blended. Serve, give thanks and enjoy.nCombine the turkey, dry beans, hominy, clam juice, if using, some dried onions and 12 cups water in a large pot. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, and then reduce to a very low simmer and cook until the beans are tender but not mushy, about 2 hours 30 minutes, stirring occasionally to make sure nothing is sticking to the bottom.nBreak up the turkey meat, removing the skin and bones. Add the squash and green beans and continue to simmer very gently until tender. Stir in the sunflower flour until thoroughly blended. Serve, give thanks and enjoy., ingredients: [1 pound turkey meat, 8 ounces dry beans red, white, red, brown or spotted kidneyshaped beans, 8 ounces white hominy corn or yellow samp or course grits, Clam juice or salt, for seasoning, optional, Dried onions or garlic, for seasoning, 8 ounces winter squash, trimmed and cubed, 4 ounces green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch lengths, 12 cup raw sunflower seed meats, pounded to a course flour, or nut flour, 1 pound turkey meat, 8 ounces dry beans red, white, red, brown or spotted kidneyshaped beans, 8 ounces white hominy corn or yellow samp or course grits, Clam juice or salt, for seasoning, optional, Dried onions or garlic, for seasoning, 8 ounces winter squash, trimmed and cubed, 4 ounces green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch lengths, 12 cup raw sunflower seed meats, pounded to a course flour, or nut flour], title: Sobaheg, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 50843: {instructions: In a small bowl crush kiwi using a muddler or a fork. In a cocktail shaker add ice, crushed kiwi, vodka, melon liqueur, a dash of simple syrup and a dash of jalapenopepper juice. Stir and strain into martini glass. Garnish with reserved kiwi slices., ingredients: [1 kiwi, peeled and sliced, 2 slices reserved, 2 shots vodka, 1 shot melon liqueur, 1 part simple syrup, Dash jalapenopepper juice], title: Lush Lagoon, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 50844: {instructions: Add the peas to a well salted, large pot of boiling water. Make sure there is way more water than peas, and enough salt for it to taste like the ocean. Boil the peas for about 30 seconds. Remove the peas to an ice bath.nTo a food processor, add the ricotta, lemon zest, Parmesan, and mint. Drain the peas and add them to the food processor. Pulse just until the mixture comes together, you want to keep a little texture and not make it totally smooth.nSpoon the mixture into a serving bowl, crack some black pepper over the top and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Serve the pea dip with grilled bread., ingredients: [4 cups shelled peas, Kosher salt, 2 cups fresh sheeps milk ricotta cheese, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Serving suggestion: Serve with grilled bread.], title: Sweet Pea Dip, picturelink: null}, 50845: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the dry ingredients: In a large bowl, add the flour, sugar, baking powder and a pinch of salt. Stir to combine.nMix the wet ingredients: In a smaller bowl, whisk the milk, oil and egg together.nCombine the wet and dry ingredients: Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the wet ingredients. Mix gently until combined with a wooden spoon. Allow the batter to rest for 5 to 10 minutes.nMake the pancakes: On a griddle or in a large pan, add a tablespoon of butter and allow it to melt on low heat. Then raise the heat to mediumhigh. Using a 14 cup measure, scoop out the pancake batter and pour onto the prepared griddlepan. Allow to set a bit on the bottom, and then sprinkle crushed candy bar bits over the top. When bubbles begin to appear around the edge and center, flip the pancake and cook until a peek underneath reveals a golden bottom. Repeat in batches using more butter, if needed, until all done. Keep the pancakes warm in a 100 degree oven on a baking sheet. Serve with Scary Blueberry Syrup.nMake the scary blueberry syrup: In a saucepan over medium heat, add the blueberries, 1 cup water, sugar, lemon zest and juice. Bring to a boil, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Lower the heat to a simmer and cook until the liquid is reduced to a syrupy consistency, about 10 minutes. Use a wooden spoon or potato masher to break up blueberries as they cook. Once reduced and thickened, remove from the heat and stir in the maple syrup. Taste and add just a pinch of salt to season. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Kosher salt, 23 cup milk, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 egg, beaten, 4 tablespoons butter, divided into 4 equal pats, 1 regularsize candy bar or equivalent Butterfinger or Snickers preferred, crushed or chopped, Scary Blueberry Syrup, recipe follows, 2 pints blueberries, picked through and SCARY ones sent to the grave, 12 cup sugar, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup maple syrup, Kosher salt], title: Sunnys Candy Bar Pancakes with Scary Blueberry Syrup, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 50846: {instructions: Blend crust ingredients together. If making small tartlets, divide into 24 small balls. If making large size tarts, divide into 12 balls. Cover with plastic wrap and chill. Press each ball onto bottom and up sides of tart tins and chill until ready to fill.nMeanwhile, bring orange juice to boil in a small saucepan. Take off heat and add chopped cranberries. Cover and let soak for 15 minutes. Then drain well and blot with paper towel set aside.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nMix all the remaining ingredients well, except the pecans, until smooth. Then add the pecans and cranberries. Divide the filling evenly among the tart tins and bake for approximately 35 minutes for the small tarts and 45 minutes for the larger tarts or until the crust is golden brown., ingredients: [3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup orange juice, 34 cup dried cranberries, coarsely chopped, 34 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon butter, melted, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 orange, zested, 12 cup pecans, chopped], title: CranberryPecan Tarts, picturelink: null}, 50847: {instructions: Pour nectar into blender. Add remaining ingredients. Blend on high for 40 seconds or until smooth. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup guava nectar, 1 tablespoon frozen limeade concentrate, 4 kiwi fruits, skinned and chopped, 1 6ounce container nonfat vanilla yogurt, 1 cup ice], title: Kiwi Kooler, picturelink: nOlkHyuxmWqZFQKJ8lvUFg811ID03bO}, 50848: {instructions: Wash the tomatoes and cut a thin slice off the bottom of each one so they will sit upright. Use a sharp paring knife or the tip of a small spoon to scoop out the flesh.nSlice both varieties of olives into thin matchsticks and combine. Fill the tomatoes with the olives and serve., ingredients: [2 dozen cherry tomatoes, 14 cup green olives, pits removed, 14 cup kalamata olives, pits removed], title: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed with Olives, picturelink: null}, 50849: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the mustard, canola oil, honey, cumin, and chili powder. In a rectangular pan, arrange the chops so they are in one layer, pour the marinade over the chops, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate. Allow the meat to marinate at least one hour and up to 6 hours, turning the meat over at least once.nEGGPLANT: In a large bowl or rectangular glass dish, drizzle the eggplant slices with extra virgin olive oil and sprinkle with the cumin and herbes de Provence. Season with salt and pepper.nWhen ready to grill, prepare a charcoal or wood fire and allow it to burn down to ashes, or preheat a broiler if cooking indoors. Place the eggplant rounds on the grill and cook 1 to 2 minutes on each side, until slightly charred and tender. Remove from the grill and reseason with salt and pepper. This may also be done on the stovetop, with a Tefloncoated grill pan.nSeason the lamb chops with salt and pepper and place on the grill. Grill chops for 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until medium rare. This may also be done in the broiler.nTo serve, place the eggplant slices on a large platter, overlapping in an oval. Place the lamb chops over the eggplant. To serve on individual plates, place 2 slices of eggplant on each plate and top with two lamb chops.nServe with your favorite grain salad, glazed carrots, haricots verts, or sliced tomatoes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 cups canola oil, 4 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 12 loin lamb chops, Salt and pepper, 1 small eggplant, ends removed, cut into 12 2inch round slices, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence], title: Cumin and Honey Scented Loin Lamb Chops with Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 50850: {instructions: Tempura Batter:nSift together all of the dry ingredients. Whisk in the soda water, a little at a time, until the right consistency is achieved. The batter should coat the back of a spoon, but some excess batter should run off the spoon. Allow to rest in the refrigerator at least 1 hour before use.nGoat Cheese Filling:nCombine all of the ingredients and mix well. Shape the mixture into 1 tablespoon balls. Make sure the squash blossoms are well cleaned. Open the flowers and insert 1 goat cheese ball in each flower. Gently press the filling into the base of the flower. Cover with the petals and pinch the top to seal. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat a fryer or a deep pot halfway filled with peanut oil to 375 degrees F.nHold the squash blossoms by the stem. Dip each into the tempura batter, making sure to coat completely. Let any excess batter drip off. Place the blossom in the oil and fry until golden brown, about 1 to 2 minutes, turning often to brown evenly. Remove to a paper towel lined plate.nPlace some of the Tomato Sauce on the bottom of a plate. Top with 2 squash blossoms and garnish with Fried Basil leaves.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, add 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and heat. Add the onion, garlic, and chili flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add the sugar and stir to combine. Lower the heat and cook until the tomatoes start to disintegrate and mixture is of sauce consistency, about 15 minutes. Add the thyme, basil, and remaining olive oil and mix well.nHeat about 12inch of the oil in a steepsided saute pan to 350 degrees F. Or heat a deep fryer to 350 degrees F.nPat the basil leaves dry to remove any surface water. Carefully drop the basil leaves in the hot oil. The oil will spit and splatter as the moisture in the leaves fries. Fry for 10 seconds or just until the leaves start to become translucent. Remove with a slotted spoon to a paper towel lined plate., ingredients: [14 cup rice flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 3 cups soda water, 1 8ounce log mild goat cheese, softened, 5 sprigs thyme, leaves removed and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped chervil, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 16 squash blossoms, Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, Fried Basil Leaves, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Pinch chili flakes, 2 cups peeled, seeded, and diced tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 4 thyme sprigs, leaves removed and chopped, 4 basil leaves, chiffonade, Vegetable oil or peanut oil, 8 basil leaves], title: Tempura Fried Squash Blossoms with Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 50851: {instructions: Trim chicken of any excess fat or sinew. Slice, across grain, into 3 by 12 inch strips. Stir marinade ingredients together in a medium bowl. Add chicken strips and toss to evenly coat. Set aside at room temperature, uncovered, 30 minutes. Its important not to marinate any longer, or the acid in the lemon will break down the fibers of the chicken.nMeanwhile, prepare the salad. Whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, salt, and pepper in a bowl. Tear watercress into bitesized pieces and toss with dressing. Divide salad among 6 serving plates. Thinly slice avocado halves into strips lengthwise and arrange on salad. Reserve in refrigerator.nTo cook chicken, heat a large dry cast iron skillet over high heat 15 minutes. Yes, 15 minutes. Heat peanut oil for frying. Lift chicken strips from marinade, one at a time, and add to pan, standing as far away as possible to avoid splatters. Fry until dark golden brown and crisp, about 1 minute per side. Arrange about 8 hot chicken strips on each salad in a spoke pattern. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup sesame oil, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 5 large bunches watercress, stems removed, leaves washed and well dried, 2 ripe avocados, halved, seeded, and peeled, 12 cup peanut oil for frying], title: Warm Shredded Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 50852: {instructions: With a vegetable peeler remove a 2 by 1inch piece of zest from 1 of the oranges, being careful not to peel off any of the white pith. Cut into thin strips and set aside.nCut about 12 inch off of the top and bottom each piece of fruit. Remove the peel and pith from each piece of fruit by standing it on its end and cutting down along the curve of the fruit. Slice the fruit into 14 inch thick rounds and arrange on a platter.nIn a small bowl combine the maple syrup, lemon juice and cinnamon. Pour the dressing over the fruit, garnish with the zest and serve., ingredients: [4 navel oranges, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 teaspoon fresh squeezed lemon juice, Pinch cinnamon], title: Maple Citrus Salad, picturelink: null}, 50853: {instructions: Make the base: Line an 8inch square baking pan with foil, extending it over the sides. Put the butter in a medium heatproof bowl position the bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water the bowl should not touch the water. Once the butter melts, stir in the sugar and cocoa. Whisk in the egg cook, whisking, until the mixture is warm and the consistency of hot fudge, 6 minutes. Remove from the heat mix in the saltine crumbs and peanuts. Press the crust into the pan. Set aside the saucepan of water.nMake the filling: Spread the jelly over the crust in the pan place in the freezer for a few minutes. Beat 5 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon butter, the peanut butter and confectioners sugar with a mixer until light. Spread over the jelly layer return to the freezer while you make the glaze.nPlace the chocolate and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a heatproof bowl set over the pan of simmering water and stir until the chocolate is melted. Remove from the heat stir until smooth. When cool but still runny, spread the glaze over the chilled peanut butter layer. Freeze for another 30 minutes.nUse the foil flaps to remove the bars from the pan cut into squares while still cold. Serve cold and keep leftovers refrigerated.nPhotograph by Kate Sears, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 sleeve saltines 40 crackers, regular or whole wheat, finely crushed, 34 cup finely chopped roasted peanuts, 14 cup grape jelly, 7 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, softened, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped], title: Sarahs PB and J Chocolate Bars, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 50854: {instructions: Baking pan or roasting pan at least 2 inches deep and large enough to hold the cake pan with at least 2 inches to spare on each side.nPosition the rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Line the bottom and sides of the pan with foil. Put a kettle of water on to boil for the bain marie when baking in the oven.nPlace chocolate in a large mixing bowl. Combine the 2 egg yolks with vanilla in a small bowl. Place the 3 egg whites in a medium bowl with cream of tartar. Set all 3 bowls aside.nCombine the cocoa, flour and 23 cup sugar in a 1 12 quart heavy bottomed saucepan. Whisk in enough of the milk to form a smooth paste. Mix in the remaining milk. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, to prevent burning especially around the bottom edges of the pot, until mixture begins to simmer. Simmer very gently, stirring constantly, for about 1 12 minutes, or until the mixture visibly thickens. Pour the hot mixture immediately over the chopped chocolate. Stir until chocolate is completely melted and smooth. Whisk in egg yolk mixture. Set aside.nBeat the egg whites and cream of tartar at medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually sprinkle in the remaining 14 cup of sugar, beating at high speed until stiff but not dry. Fold a quarter of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it. Fold in remaining egg whites. Scrape mixture into the cake pan and spread evenly. Set cake pan in baking pan and place on oven rack. Pour enough boiling water into the baking pan to come a third to halfway up the sides of the cake pan.nBake for exactly 20 minutes. The cake will only be about 34 inches tall. The surface will spring back when gently pressed but cake will still be quite gooey inside. Remove cake pan and water pan from oven. Remove the cake pan from the water and cool completely on a rack. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight before serving. Refrigerate up to 2 days or freeze up to 2 months.nAfter the truffle sheet is well chilled, lift the edges of the foil to remove the truffle sheet from the pan. Cut the sheet into 7 strips, each about 1 14 inches wide, using a long thin sharp knife dipping in hot water and wiped dry between each cut the cake is very sticky or cut with dental floss. Cut each strip into 7 squares. Transfer each square to a fluted paper candy cup and or arrange on a serving platter. If garnishing with raspberries, simmer the preserves for a minute or until thick and sticky. Touch the hot preserves with the bottom of each berry before placing it on the truffle square. Refrigerate until serving., ingredients: [5 ounces good quality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped into pieces no bigger than 14inch, 2 eggs, separated, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg white, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 cup unsifted unsweetened Dutch Process Cocoa, 2 tablespoons all purpose flour, 23 cup plus 14 cup sugar, 34 cup lowfat 1 percent milk, 49 perfect fresh raspberries, 5 to 6 ounces, 2 to 3 tablespoons red current jelly or raspberry preserves, 9 x 9 inch cake pan], title: Chocolate Truffle Squares, picturelink: null}, 50855: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a heavy casserole. Add peanut oil. Saute red onion until translucent. Sprinkle in brown sugar and cook for a few minutes until it starts to caramelize.nAdd sliced apples and deglaze with the red wine vinegar. Bring to a boil. Add red wine and orange juice, cinnamon stick, ginger powder and salt and pepper. Simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd red cabbage and continue to cook for about 10 minutes on top of the stove.nCover cabbage with foil and cook in 350 degrees F. oven for about 45 minutes. Remove. Taste, and adjust seasoning, if necessary., ingredients: [14 cup peanut oil, 1 medium red onion, sliced, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 Granny Smith apples, sliced, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups orange juice, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 teaspoons ginger powder, Salt and pepper, 4 pounds red cabbage, cut into julienne, A few gold leaves for decoration optional  available at specialty stores], title: Braised Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 50856: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the squab with salt and black pepper and place in the pan, breastside down. Add the butter and cook the squab until the skin is golden brown. Flip the squab, and continue to cook until medium rare. Transfer to a plate and let rest.nDrain off any excess oil from the pan, and then heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Cook the carrots, celery and onions until lightly browned. Stir in the garlic and cook 1 minute. Increase the heat to high, and then pour in the port and red wine and cook until reduced by threequarters, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Add the stock and cook until reduced by half, then stir in the creme fraiche. Strain the sauce into a bowl, and then heat gently in a small saucepan over medium heat. Once bubbling, remove from the heat and add the parsley, thyme and piquillo peppers. Taste and season with salt and freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 squab, butterflied backbone, ribs and keel bone removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 small stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 14 large onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup port, 14 cup red wine, 12 to 34 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, 1 piquillo pepper, diced], title: Butterflied Squab with Piquillo Pepper Sauce, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 50857: {instructions: For the squash: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the squash on a baking sheet fleshside up and rub with the olive oil. Season liberally with salt and pepper. Roast until the edges begin to ripple and a poke with a fork reveals tender flesh, about 40 minutes. Allow to cool until easy to handle.nLower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nUse a spoon to scoop out the flesh into a large bowl, leaving about 14 inch of flesh within the skin of each squash half to help it maintain its shape.nFor the filling: In a large pan on mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and sausage. While cooking, break the sausage into bits like ground meat with a wooden spoon. Once some of the fat is rendered from the sausage, add the onions, paprika, pumpkin pie spice, sage, celery, bell peppers and a pinch of salt. Cook until the sausage is done and the vegetables are tender.nAdd the mixture to the bowl of squash along with the cheese, walnuts and cranberries and stir to combine. Taste and season with salt and pepper if needed. Fill the hollowed squash halves with the mixture and place back in the oven to melt the cheese and make the tops golden brown, 15 more minutes. Sprinkle with parsley and serve warm., ingredients: [2 acorn squash, halved through the stem to the base and seeds removed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 links 8 ounces spicy Italian sausage, casings removed, 12 cup chopped red onions, 14 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 6 fresh sage leaves, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded CheddarMonterey Jack cheese blend, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup dried cranberries, finely chopped, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Sunnys Italian SausageStuffed Acorn Squash, picturelink: rZHFAbuLDZLEuq6N3BEkLsH5C4itte}, 50858: {instructions: Season chicken, if desired, with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and brown chicken, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken and set aside.nCook onion, bacon and peas in same skillet, stirring occasionally, 6 minutes or until bacon is crisp and onion is tender. Stir in wine and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low, then return chicken to skillet. Simmer covered 5 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Sprinkle, if desired, with freshly ground black pepper and chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 1 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 slice bacon or pancetta, chopped, 1 cup thawed frozen green peas, 13 cup dry white wine OR chicken broth, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Four Cheese Rosa Sauce], title: Chicken Carbonara Rosa, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 50859: {instructions: For hot peppers: Wrap cheese cubes in half of one slice of hot ham. Stuff ham wrapped cheese cubes inside the cherry peppers and reset caps with a toothpick.nFor sweet cherry peppers: Spread each slice of prosciutto with a thin layer of herb and garlic cheese. Cut each slice of ham in four pieces, then wrap a piece of celery inside each strip of ham. Stuff the meat and cheese wrapped celery into each cherry pepper., ingredients: [8 12inch cubes pepperoncino, crushed red pepper Italian table cheese, available in specialty cheese case, Asiago or pepato may be substituted, 4 slices cappicola hot Italian ham cut in half, 8 hot cherry peppers, tops cut off and seeds removed, 2 slices Prosciutto di Parma, 3 ounces herb and garlic spreadable cheese or goat cheese, 1 rib celery, cut into 12inch pieces, 8 sweet peppers, tops removed and seeded], title: Stuffed Cherry Peppers, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 50860: {instructions: Reserve about a third of the beans. Mash the rest of the beans in a medium bowl with a large fork. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, and cook until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook, stirring, until lightly browned. Add the spices and cook until fragrant about 1 minute.nAdd the mashed beans and half the broth cook, stirring frequently, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Add the reserved beans and the enough of the remaining broth to loosen up the beans. Simmer until the beans are thick but not pasty, about 2 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Stir in the fresh coriander, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [One 15 12ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 23 to 1 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander cilantro optional], title: Refried Beans, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 50861: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the chorizo into 1inch pieces and put them in a food processor. Pulse until the chorizo is finely chopped. Set aside.nRemove the stems from the mushrooms. Mince half the stems this can be done in the work bowl of the food processor. Reserve the other half of the stems for another use or discard them. Brush the mushroom caps with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and set on a baking sheet. Set aside.nPour the remaining 13 cup olive oil into a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and minced mushroom stems. Cook, stirring, just until soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the bread crumbs and toss and stir until toasted golden brown. Scrape the bread crumb mixture into a bowl and set aside.nWipe the skillet clean with paper towels and add the minced chorizo. Cook over high heat until fragrant and glossy, about 3 minutes. Add to the bread crumb mixture. Add the chicken stock and parsley and fluff with a fork. Stir in the Manchego cheese. Use a spoon to fill the mushroom caps, mounding the stuffing attractively. Bake until stuffing is lightly browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [1 Spanish chorizo about 4 ounces, casing removed, see Cooks Note, 18 large about 2 12 to 3inch white mushrooms, 13 cup olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 13 cup finely diced onion, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 14 cup homemade or storebought reducedsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 13 cup coarsely grated Manchego cheese], title: Stuffed Mushrooms Hongos Rellenos de Chorizo, picturelink: bAjnlFOhwcKW1bJSD3310LzwChHCmJO}, 50862: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the plums and sugar and let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8inch cast iron skillet or an 8 by 8inch square baking pan. In a large mixing bowl, combine all of the dry ingredients.nIn another mixing bowl, combine all the wet ingredients and whisk to thoroughly combine. Make a well in the dry ingredients and pour the wet ingredients into the well. Mix gently to combine. When the mixture has just come together, transfer it to the prepared skillet or baking pan. Sprinkle the plums in an even layer over the top of the batter. Bake in the preheated oven for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool before cutting. Serve topped with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [4 to 6 black plums if they are large, use 4, if they are small use 6, sliced, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 stick melted butter, plus extra for baking pan, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup milk, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Plum Cornbread, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 50863: {instructions: For the lemon sauce: Heat a nonstick pan over high heat, place the lemon halves in the pan cutsides down and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove and let cool slightly.nWhisk together the honey, mustard and horseradish in a medium bowl, squeeze in the juice from the seared lemon and add the dill, mint and salt and pepper to taste. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nFor the potato salad: Cover the potatoes with cold, salted water and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer and continue to cook until the potatoes are forktender, 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and slice the potatoes into 14inchthick rounds.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the bacon and cook until golden brown and slightly crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the shallots to the pan and cook until soft. Add the vinegar and sugar and cook until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat, whisk in the mustard, add the potatoes and cornichon and gently mix until combined. Transfer to a platter and top with the crisp bacon.nFor the beet reduction: Bring the beet juice to a boil in a small nonreactive pan over high heat. Cook until thickened and reduced to about 12 cup, about 12 minutes. Add the honey and season with the salt and pepper. Let cool slightly.nFor the wiener schnitzel: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSpread the breadcrumbs out on a baking sheet and bake until pale and dried, about 12 minutes.nIncrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Set 2 baking racks on 2 baking sheets.nPut the flour in a baking dish and season with salt and pepper. Put 3 of the eggs in another baking dish with a few tablespoons of water, whisk until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Put the breadcrumbs in a third baking dish and season with salt and pepper.nSeason the veal on both sides with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour and tap off the excess. Dredge in the eggs, letting the excess run off. Dredge in the breadcrumbs and tap off the excess. Place on one of the baking racks.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Cook the veal, one cutlet at a time, until golden brown, about 4 minutes on each side. Place on the second baking rack and finish cooking in the oven for 5 minutes.nMelt the butter over medium heat in a 12inch straightsided skillet. Crack the remaining 4 eggs into the pan, season the tops with salt and pepper and cook until the whites are set and the yolks are slightly firm, about 2 minutes. Gently flip and continue cooking until the other side is just slightly set, about 30 seconds.nTo serve: Divide the wiener schnitzel among large plates, drizzle with the lemon sauce, top each with a fried egg and drizzle with the beet reduction. Serve the potato salad on the side., ingredients: [1 lemon, halved, 14 cup clover honey, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 heaping tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh mint, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fingerling potatoes, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 pound slab bacon, finely diced, 2 shallots, finely diced, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup finely diced cornichons, 2 cups fresh beet juice, 1 tablespoon clover honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups fresh breadcrumbs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 7 large eggs, 4 veal shoulder cutlets about 5 ounces each, pounded thin, 1 cup canola oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Wiener Schnitzel, picturelink: pd6mzew.GphQeyZ5FPH5s7wupBojJv.}, 50864: {instructions: For the coral sauce: Peel the tails of the prawns while keeping the heads on. Heat some oil in a saute pan. Cook the shrimp for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and set aside. Add the gray shrimp to the pan and cook for 1 minute. Reserve with the prawns. Rinse and dry the cuttlefish fillets. Cut it in pieces. Puree the prawns with the gray shrimp, cuttlefish, preserved lemon, 14 cup of the lobster stock and the lemon juice. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and then add the Espelette. Check the consistency, and adjust it with the remaining 14 cup lobster stock. Puree until the sauce is homogenous, 5 minutes. Pass the sauce through a fine mesh strainer. Check the seasoning and the consistency. Reserve.nFor the gamberoni: Shell the tail of the prawns while keeping the heads on, and leaving the tail shell in place. Store in a cool place.nFor the vegetables: Peel the carrots, and cut into 8 pieces. Peel the fennel. Wash the zucchini, remove top and tail. Cut the asparagus lengthwise into 2inch pieces. Use a vegetable peeler to remove the hard outer skin. Wash and dry. Peel the red onions and rhubarb. Cut all of the vegetables using a mandolin into 12inchthick slices.nClean the scallions, removing their outer skin. Thinly slice. Cut each of the tomatoes into 3 petals.nRemove the larger leaves of the lettuce. Cut the heart into 12inchthick slices. Reserve all of the vegetables.nCooking the gamberoni: Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a saute pan. Sear the prawns on each side, coloring them slightly. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes, depending on their thickness. Drain and keep warm.nCooking the vegetables: In a saute pan, heat a dash of olive oil. Add the carrots and sweat for 1 minute, then wet with a little bit of broth. Cover and cook. Add the fennel. Cook for 1 minute. Add the onions and asparagus. Cook for another minute. Add the spring onions and rhubarb. Cook for 1 minute, covered, over low heat. Eventually add a little bit of broth while the vegetables cook. Keep covered.nUncover and add the arugula and the fava beans. All the vegetables must remain crisp. Adjust the seasoning. Add the tomato petals. Mix gently.nFinishing touches and presentation: Season the lettuce slices with a touch of olive oil, lemon juice and salt. Place in the bottom of the plates. Place the shrimp on top. Then place the vegetables. Finish with large drops of the coral sauce., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons Irish whiskey, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 medium onion, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 small russet potato, peeled and chopped, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt, 2 bunches watercress, tough stems trimmed, Freshly ground pepper], title: Watercress Soup With Whiskey Cream, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 50865: {instructions: Fill a large stockpot with cold water and place over high heat.nPour olive oil in a large saucepan and turn the flame on low. Mince the garlic and add to olive oil, let cook until just starting to brown. Slice the onion and add to the garlic and olive oil. Add 3 anchovies to the pan and mash them until they disintegrate.nNext, add the vegetable broth and white wine. Turn the flame up to mediumlow, and allow the broth and wine mixture to reduce for a couple minutes.nTake the head of cauliflower and peel away the green leaves. Cut off the stalks and discard. Chop the cauliflower crowns into bitesized pieces, set aside. Add the chopped cauliflower to the oniongarlic mixture, and season with red pepper flakes, to taste. Reduce the heat back to medium, and let the cauliflower cook, stirring frequently.nSnap the asparagus in half and cut into bite size pieces on the diagonal. Add the asparagus and the peas and cook for about 5 minutes. When the asparagus is almost tender, add the tomatoes. The tomatoes should stay chunky, so do not cook too long, or stir the sauce too much because the tomatoes tend to fall apart. Add toasted almonds and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from heat.nWhen the pasta water comes to a rolling boil, add some salt and then the pasta. Keep the heat on high. Cook pasta until firm to the bite, al dente. Drain and transfer pasta to a warm bowl. Sprinkle with olive oil, and gently toss. Then add the sauce and gently toss again.nGarnish with Parmesan or Romano and serve., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, 1 Vidalia or white onion, 3 anchovies, optional, 1 14.5ounce can vegetable broth, 14 cup goodquality white wine, Pinch red pepper flakes, optional, 1 head cauliflower, 1 bunch asparagus, 2 cups fresh or frozen peas, 12 Roma tomatoes, blanch, deskinned, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 pound Penne Rigate pasta, Freshly grated Parmesan or Romano], title: Pasta Piselli, picturelink: null}, 50866: {instructions: Put the rosemary sprigs into a large microwave safe bowl and fill it about 34 full of water. Microwave on high for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the water is very hot.nRemove the bowl from the oven and add the washcloths. Let them soak for a few minutes. Carefully they will be hot remove them from the water and wring them out. Fold the washcloths in half, place 1 rosemary sprig on each cloth, and roll them up like a cigar. Put them onto a microwave safe plate and heat them on low for 1 minute. Give them to your guests when they sit down at the table., ingredients: [4 sprigs rosemary, 4 white washcloths], title: Microwave Aromatherapy Hot Towels, picturelink: null}, 50867: {instructions: Heat a stovetop grill pan or griddle to medium high heat and coat with cooking spray. Remove chicken from package and place on a plastic cutting board. Season both sides of chicken with salt, black pepper and garlic seasoning. Using tongs add chicken to hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, or until cooked through.nHeat large skillet over mediumhigh heat with oil. Add onion, jalapeno and sugar and cook 5 to 7 minutes stirring occasionally with a spoon, until golden brown. Add 34 cup of the chicken broth and bay leaves and bring to a simmer for 5 minutes. Pour remaining 14 cup chicken broth into a bowl. Whisk in cornstarch until it is completely dissolved and add to the pan. Bring onion mixture to a full boil, reduce heat and simmer until the sauce thickens. Using tongs, discard the bay leaves and remove the pan from heat.nServe 4 of the chicken breast halves with all of the onion sauce spooned over top and all of the rice on the side. Reserve remaining 4 chicken breast halves for sandwiches., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Saltfree roasted garlic seasoning recommended: McCormick, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup thinly sliced onion, 2 jalapeno or serrano peppers, seeded and minced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, divided, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Grilled Chicken with Jalapeno Caramelized Onions, picturelink: hP638SuECPWsqHK2G.0YDMcCvnJRee}, 50868: {instructions: Preheat grill pan over high heat. Season steak with salt and pepper. Spray grill pan with cooking spray. Grill meat 3 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare to medium well doneness. Remove meat and let stand 10 minutes.nIn a pan, bring 1inch of water to a bubble. Add a pinch of salt and broccoli pieces and steam for 3 to 5 minutes, until cooked but still firm. In the sink, drain broccoli in colander and run cold water over it to cool.nArrange greens on large platter or individual dinner plates. Arrange broccoli and veggies on greens. Combine duck or sweet and sour sauce with ginger, lime juice, vinegar, crushed pepper flakes. Whisk in oil. Slice steaks and arrange on salad and drizzle completed dish with dressing. Season with additional salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 6ounce pieces of beef tenderloin steak, 1inch thick, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 head broccoli, stem trimmed of fiberous skin, cut in florets and stem cut into chunks, 1 sack mixed baby greens, 6 to 8 ounces, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced, 4 scallions, sliced on an angle, 1inch pieces, 1 cup pea pods, sliced on an angle, 1 cup shredded carrots, 8 hot cherry peppers or pepperoncini, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, optional, 14 cup duck sauce or sweet and sour sauce, 1inch ginger root, finely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or white vinegar, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Beef and Broccoli Salad, picturelink: 7ANok2VpS3dLj69ClRz6XtdR9xQbCKe}, 50869: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine wine and sugar and simmer over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes to cook off some of the alcohol.nIn a large mixing bowl combine gelatin with 3 tablespoons of water to bloom the gelatin. Let stand for 5 minutes and stir. Pour hot red wine mixture into the bowl to combine with gelatin and whisk. Add the chopped shallot, peppercorns, mint leaves, and lemon juice.nAllow to steep for 15 to 20 minutes. Strain out solids and pour into an oiled mold. Allow to set up overnight in the refrigerator. To serve, unmold onto a plate and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, salt and freshly ground black pepper. Garnish with some chopped fresh mint., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle red wine, 1 cup sugar, 3 0.25ounce packages powdered gelatin, 3 tablespoons water, 1 shallot, 3 peppercorns, 1 large bunch mint about 1 cup of packed leaves plus leaves, finely chopped, for garnish, 1 lemon, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: RedWine Mint Jelly, picturelink: null}, 50870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 8 by 8inch baking dish. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and a pinch of salt. Saute for 3 minutes, then add the garlic and red chili flakes and saute for 2 more minutes. Add the heavy cream, Parmesan, and nutmeg. Heat until the cream is just beginning to bubble, stirring often. Turn the burner off and stir in sour cream and spinach. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour into the prepared baking dish and sprinkle the top evenly with fried onions. Bake until golden and bubbly, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 12 red onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons red chili flakes, 1 34 cups heavy cream, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 cup sour cream, 2 10ounce packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 12 cup packaged fried onions recommended: Frenchs], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: yiE9C2Bx990yGhcHu7EjDfDonhptmG}, 50871: {instructions: Place brownies in the center of 4 plates. Top each brownie with a scoop of ice cream. Drizzle chocolate sauce over ice cream. Garnish with cookies, raspberries and mint sprigs., ingredients: [4 brownies, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 4 tablespoons chocolate sauce, 4 cigarette cookies, 12 cup raspberries, 4 mint sprigs], title: Brownie Ice Cream Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 50872: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the almond crumble topping: In a food processor, pulse the almonds until finely ground. Add the flour, sugar and salt. Pulse to incorporate. Add the butter and pulse until the butter is dispersed in walnutsize pieces throughout. Set aside at room temperature.nFor the crumble: Mix the rhubarb, strawberries, sugar, cornstarch, lemon zest and lemon juice in a large mixing bowl. Fill four 4inch ramekins almost to the top. Sprinkle about 2 tablespoons of the almond crumble on the top and place in the oven. Bake until the filling bubbles and the topping is golden brown, about 20 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes.nFor the topping: Using a whisk or whisk attachment and stand mixer, whip the mascarpone on mediumhigh speed for about 2 minutes, to increase the volume. Reserve and refrigerate until ready for use.nTo serve: Once rested, top each ramekin with 2 tablespoons of whipped mascarpone., ingredients: [34 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick butter, 6 cups rhubarb, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup roughly chopped strawberries, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Zest and juice of 12 lemon, 1 cup mascarpone cheese], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Crumble, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 50873: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat a medium ovenproof saute pan over high heat until almost smoking. Season the duck with salt and pepper to taste. Place the breast skinside down in the pan and cook until golden brown and drain the rendered fat. Turn the breast over, place in the oven and continue cooking to medium doneness, about 12 to 15 minutes.nServe the duck with the Clementine and Tomatillo Sauce and the Wild Rice Risotto.nPlace 1 cup of the sugar and the rice wine vinegar in a medium saucepan over medium high heat and cook until the sugar has melted and the mixture reduces becomes a light caramel color.nRaise the heat to high and add the orange and tangerine juice and the black peppercorns and cook until reduced to 2 cups. In a small saucepan add the remaining 12 cup of sugar and 14 cup water and cook until the sugar has melted and mixture is slightly thick. Add the clementines to the sugarwater mixture and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tomatillos and toss to coat. Stir in the reduced chicken stock and heat through.nAdd in the sugarrice wine vinegar mixture.nWhisk the ancho chile powder and horseradish into the sauce until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the arborio rice and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Begin adding the stock. During the last 2 minutes of cooking add the cooked wild rice. Finish with the thyme butter and Parmesan cheese and season with salt and pepper to taste.nFresh thyme butter. Combine 2 sticks of slightly softened butter and 2 tablespoons of fresh thyme leaves in a food processor and process until smooth. Season with salt to taste., ingredients: [1 Muscovy whole duck breast, approximately 2 pounds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Clementine and Tomatillo Sauce, recipe follows, Wild Rice Risotto, recipe follows, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 cups tangerine juice, 3 cups orange juice, 4 whole black peppercorns, 14 cup water, 6 cups chicken stock reduced to 2 cups, 2 clementines, quartered and sliced 14inch thick, 2 tomatillos, quartered and sliced 14inch thick, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon freshly grated horseradish, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 cups arborio rice, 6 to 8 cups chicken stock, 1 cup wild rice, cooked, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme butter, procedure follows, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Pan Roasted Muscovy Duck Breast with a Clementine  Tomatillo Sauce Served with Wild Rice Risotto, picturelink: null}, 50874: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat and spray with nonstick spray.nCook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Remove to a paper towel lined platenAdd the shallots to the skillet and saute until tender. Stir in the mustard, vinegar and sugar and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nBrush the peaches with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden and has grill char marks, about 1 to 2 minutes on each side.nAdd the spinach and the sliced red onion to a large serving bowl. Add the peaches, the vinaigrette and the chopped bacon. Toss and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 5 slices bacon, chopped, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 firm, ripe large peaches, pitted and quartered, Extravirgin olive oil, 5 ounces baby spinach, 12 red onion, thinly sliced], title: Grilled Peach Salad with Balsamic Bacon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 50875: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the water, salt and molasses in a large 12quart container and stir until the salt dissolves. Add the pork butt to the brine and weigh down with a zip top bag filled with 2 cups of the brine to make sure it is completely submerged in the brine.nCover and refrigerate overnight. Remove the pork from the brine, and pat dry.nHeat the smoker to 225 degrees F. Add the wood chunks, and place the pork into the smoker. Cook until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees F, 4 to 5 hours.nOnce the meat reaches 140 degrees F, heat the oven to 300 degrees F. Wrap the pork in aluminum foil and transfer to a half sheet pan. Place on the center rack and cook until the pork reaches an internal temperature of at least 200 degrees F and is tender and pulling apart easily, 3 to 5 hours. Remove from the oven and rest, covered for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 quarts water, 12 ounces kosher salt, 8 ounces molasses, 8 to 10 pound boneless pork butt, Special equipment: Smoker and 4 ounces hickory or oak wood chunks], title: Barbecue Pork Butt, picturelink: msPdw0aHj.NsrX5FSooAwTXYYxoBLo2}, 50876: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix vinegar, cumin and chili powder. Slice potatoes into 1inch size chunks. Toss potatoes with vinegar mixture. Let sit for 5 to 10 minutes.nDrizzle olive oil over potatoes and place them in a single layer in large rimmed baking pan or roasting dish. Season with salt and pepper. Roast, uncovered for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.nRemove potatoes from oven, add onions and mix together. Return pan to oven and roast for an additional 20 minutes.nServe warm with Argentinean Steak and Chimichurri Sauce, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 6 small or 4 large russet potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarse black pepper, 1 small red onion, cut into medium wedges], title: VinegarCoarse Salt Chipotle Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: Le53N4akWUmS0GfJa.F6AK1B0QRqfW6}, 50877: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Place in an ice cream maker and freeze according to instructions. Or pour into a covered freezer proof container and place in the freezer. Stir to breakup the ice with a fork after the first 30 minutes in the freezer. Continue to stir the sorbet every 10 minutes for the next half an hour. You may substitute the fruits used here with any of your favorites., ingredients: [3 cups strawberries, washed and stemmed, 1 banana, peeled and sliced, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Easy Fruit Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 50878: {instructions: Clean and skin the eel, and then cut it into chunks. In a large bowl, mix together 1 cup flour, seasonings, oil, garlic, onion, and pepper. Add the eel to this mixture and then marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nDredge the marinated eel in flour. In a saute pan over medium heat, sear the eel until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Add the white wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the butter and cook until it melts and browns slightly. Divide the eel among 4 serving plates and top with the butter sauce., ingredients: [1 1pound eel, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dredging, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 3 teaspoons salt, 1 cup blended oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped onion, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup white wine recommended: Chablis, 2 teaspoons butter], title: Fried Eel, picturelink: 9sjgapxbZvSgaVw3nTNQsRbC.5iWj5C}, 50879: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMayonnaise:nWhisk together the mayonnaise, mustards, hot sauce, cornichons, green onion and parsley in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nBurger:nStir together the paprika, pepper, salt, thyme, garlic powder, onion powder and cayenne in a small bowl.nMold the meat into patties. Brush with oil, season both sides with salt. Sprinkle 1 side of each patty with the spice mixture, making sure to rub the spices into the meat, then drizzle with oil before grilling.nPreheat grill to high.nHeat the 2 tablespoons of oil in a cast iron skillet on top of the grates of the grill until it begins to shimmer. If using cast iron pan, place the burger in the pan and cook until slightly charred and the spices have formed a crust, about 1 12 minutes be careful not to burn the spices. Turn the burger over, lower the heat to medium and continue cooking to desired doneness. If using a grill, grill the burgers on the grates of the grill for about same amount of time. Top each burger with 2 slices of cheese during the last 30 seconds of cooking, until cheese is melted.nPut the burgers on the buns, top with the ham, some of the onions and some of the mayonnaise sauce and potato chips. Use a skewer to hold the burger together., ingredients: [12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, or more if desired, 5 cornichons, diced, 1 green onion, white and pale green part, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing, 8 paper thin slices pepper jack cheese, 4 buns, split, 8 slices thinly sliced tasso ham, 1 red onion, peeled and cut into 14inch thick slices], title: Louisiana Burger, picturelink: rMckTDRZVhrNYn.duwXq72qdAUV0jmy}, 50880: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLay the waffle flat on a clean, dry surface. Use a rolling pin to flatten the waffle as much as possible.nVery carefully hang the waffle over one grate of an oven rack, so it resembles the shape of an upsidedown taco.nBake it until crispy and firm, about 5 minutes. Carefully remove the waffle taco shell, and stuff it with breakfasty taco items such as egg whites, light cheese, lean sausage crumbles, cilantro, and salsa, ingredients: [1 lowfat waffle, thawed from frozen, Serving suggestion: egg whites, light cheese, lean sausage crumbles, cilantro, and salsa], title: Bonus Waffle Recipe: Waffle Taco Shell, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 50881: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Oil the eggplant, peppers and tomatoes. Place them on a baking sheet and place them in the oven. Roast until soft, about 20 minutes. Peel eggplant, peppers and tomatoes. Saute minced onions and garlic. Put mixture in food processor and add garliconion mixture, vinegar, orange juice, coriander, olive oil, yogurt and salt and pepper. Fold in chopped parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds eggplant, 2 yellow peppers, 2 tomatoes, 1 onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 ounces olive oil, 23 cup yogurt, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons flat leaf parsley], title: Aubergine Caviar, picturelink: null}, 50882: {instructions: Preheat oven to 225 degrees. Load meringue into a pastry bag fitted with medium plain or star tip. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and use a dab of meringue in each corner to secure paper to the pans. Pipe out spirals to form 4inch disks, 4 disks on each baking sheet. On one baking sheet, build up the walls of each disks by piping around outer rim to form a shell. You should have four round open shells and four disks to be used as lids. Also, pipe out several mini meringue disks or bars to serve as tests. Place pans in oven and bake for about 1 12 hours. They should be thoroughly dry but not colored. Break open a test meringue: it should be not at all shiny. Remove from oven and allow to cool.nMeanwhile, combine strawberries, mangoes, brown sugar and rum in medium bowl. Set aside until ready to serve.nAt serving time, whip cream with white sugar until soft peaks form. Places a dab of whipped cream in the bottom of each meringue shell. Spoon in fruit mixture, dividing evenly. Top with another dollop of whipped cream and set lids on top. Serve., ingredients: [1 recipe classic meringue, 1 pint strawberries, washed, hulled and sliced, 2 medium mangoes, peeled and diced, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons rum, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon white sugar], title: Pavlovas Filled with Strawberries and Mangoes, picturelink: null}, 50883: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the almonds, plums, apricots, and figs into the bowl of a food processor and pulse 20 to 25 times or until the fruit and nuts are chopped into small pieces, but before the mixture becomes a ball.nCombine the powdered sugar, anise seeds, fennel seeds, caraway seeds, cardamom, and salt in a medium mixing bowl. Add the nut and fruit mixture and the honey and mix using gloved hands until well combined.nScoop the mixture into 14ounce portions and roll into balls. If serving immediately, roll in the coarse sugar and serve. If not serving immediately, put the balls on a cooling rack and leave uncovered until ready to serve. Roll in the coarse sugar prior to serving.nThe Sugarplums may be stored on the cooling rack for up to a week. After a week, store in an airtight container for up to a month., ingredients: [6 ounces slivered almonds, toasted, 4 ounces dried plums, 4 ounces dried apricots, 4 ounces dried figs, 14 cup powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon anise seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon caraway seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup honey, 1 cup coarse sugar], title: Sugarplums, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 50884: {instructions: In a saucepan heat oil. Add onion and saute until transparent. Then add garlic, tomatoes with their juices, salt, hot pepper, and pinch of sugar. Cook, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Season to taste, and puree in a food mill. Return to the saucepan, add meatballs to reheat them slightly and serve atop your spaghetti., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped onion, 1 peeled whole clove garlic, 28ounce can Italian plum tomatoes, undrained, Salt and 12 teaspoon hot red pepper, Pinch of sugar], title: Tomato Sauce for Spaghetti and Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 50885: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together vinegar, olive oil, honey, garlic, onion and jalapeno. Season to taste with salt and pepper and combine the strawberries and adjust seasoning again.nPeel, halve and pit the avocadoes. Spoon some strawberry salsa in avocado hollow and serve on lettuce garnish with peanuts., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons of balsamic or raspberry vinegar, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons finely minced red onion, 1 teaspoon minced fresh jalapeno peppers, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint strawberries, rinsed, hulled and sliced, 2 ripe Haas avocadoes, Washed Boston or Bibb lettuce leaves., 2 tablespoons chopped roasted cashews or peanuts], title: Strawberries Into Salsa Into Avocadoes, picturelink: null}, 50886: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker muddle cucumber, add ice, lime juice, tequila, simple syrup, sweet and sour mix and pepper powder. Shake and serve in a rocks glass with salted rim.nGarnish with a wedge or slice of lime., ingredients: [14 cucumber, peeled, sliced, seeded, and diced, 1 lime, juiced, plus a wedge or slice, for garnish, 2 ounces tequila reposado, 1ounce simple syrup or agave nectar, 1ounce sweet and sour mix, Pinch cayenne pepper powder], title: Cucumber Margarita, picturelink: Gz5bn5vVv4y9h6xdhl9q.DB.TC.5iVO}, 50887: {instructions: In a food processor using the cutting blade, chop up the presoaked chickpeas. Add the garlic, onion, parsley, coriander, cumin and salt and process until smooth. Heat 3 inches of oil in a large heavy pot to 365 degrees. Using an ice cream scoop 1 to 2 inches, Scoop the falafel mixture into balls and carefully place into oil. Cook 6 falafel balls at a time until golden brown. Carefully roll falafel over to brown other side. Drain the cooked falafel on paper towels. Continue cooking process to use up remaining falafel. Serve in pocket pitas with lettuce, tomato and sesame sauce., ingredients: [12 pound dried chickpeas, soaked overnight, drained and rinsed, 1 clove garlic, 1 small onion, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon baking soda dissolved in 14 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, Serving suggestions: pitas, lettuce, tomato and sesame sauce], title: Falafel, picturelink: null}, 50888: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and position a rack in the top third of the oven.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the potatoes and lemons on the sheet, drizzle with the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until tender and browned, about 1 hour, stirring the potatoes once or twice during cooking. Sprinkle with the garlic and roast 5 more minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 lemon, thickly sliced, seeded and each slice quartered, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Healthy Roast Fingerlings with Lemon, picturelink: O7t8rVq5mEhaqVI4LK3jiIdTnIUpVty}, 50889: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a bowl stir flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together with a fork. Cut butter into flour mixture with a pastry blender or fingertips until mixture resembles very coarse meal. Stir in chives. Make a well, slowly pour in buttermilk while stirring with a fork until dough just holds together. All of the buttermilk may not be needed. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and gently knead. Pat dough out to a 34inch thickness and cut in rounds with a floured biscuit cutter. Transfer rounds to an ungreased baking sheet. Gather scraps together, pat out again and cut remaining rounds. Bake for 1012 minutes until lightly browned., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, 23  1 cup buttermilk], title: Buttermilk Chive Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 50890: {instructions: Place each of the oysters onto a cracker, and then sprinkle each with the scallions and chiles. Add hot sauce, to taste., ingredients: [One 3.75ounce can smoked oysters, drained, 16 to 20 medium crackers, 3 scallions, finely sliced, 1 Fresno chile, diced, Hot sauce], title: Smoked Oysters on Crackers with Hot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 50891: {instructions: In a large pot, bring the chicken broth to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta and place in a large bowl.nMeanwhile, place a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nDrizzle the fish, zucchini, eggplant, and tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the calamari and shrimp, just until cooked through, about 1 to 2 minutes a side. Grill the zucchini and eggplant until tender, about 4 minutes a side. Grill the tomatoes just until grill marks appear, about 2 minutes.nAdd the orzo, cannellini beans, arugula, basil, and parsley to the bowl. Cut the calamari bodies into 1inch rings. Cut the zucchini, eggplant, and tomatoes into roughly about 1inch cubes. Add the vegetables and calamari to the bowl with the lemon juice, extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Finally, add the shrimp on top of the salad. Gently spoon the salad into a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 12 pound orzo pasta about 1 cup, 12 pound calamari, whole bodies and tentacles, 12 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 zucchini, sliced lengthwise, about 1inch wide, 1 Japanese eggplant, sliced lengthwise, about 1inch wide, 2 Roma tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 3 ounces arugula about 3 cups, 34 cups chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 lemons, juiced, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Neapolitan Calamari and Shrimp Salad, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 50892: {instructions: Heat oil in nonstick skillet. Have other ingredients prepped before shredding potatoes as they will discolor. Shred potatoes and immediately combine with scallions and egg. Season mixture with salt and pepper. Scoop a heaping tablespoon of potato mixture into skillet and flatten with back of spoon. Continue cooking four pancakes at a time. When pancakes are brown flip to other side and continue to brown. Remove to paper towels to drain and season with salt., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 23 scallions, sliced thinly, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and shredded, Salt, Pepper], title: Potato Latkes, picturelink: null}, 50893: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBoil 1 12 cups water and pour over the bulgur in a mixing bowl. Cover and let stand to cool to room temp, 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, arrange the fennel, red bell pepper, chile pepper and zuchhini on a baking sheet and dress with EVOO and salt and pepper. Arrange the butternut squash on a larger baking sheet, dress with EVOO and season with salt and pepper and a little freshly grated nutmeg. Roast until the vegetables and squash are tender and brown at the edges, 17 to 20 minutes.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk up twothirds of the lemon juice, about 12 cup EVOO, and some salt and pepper with 2 cloves garlic. Working in a large bowl of water, separate the pomegranate seeds and add to the mixing bowl, along with the parsley, mint, onions and bulgur toss to combine.nIn a small bowl, whisk up the yogurt, 14 cup water, tahini, the remaining lemon juice, the remaining clove garlic, cumin and some salt and pepper. Pour into a container and refrigerate.nCool the roasted vegetables and combine with the tabbouleh. Store, covered, in the fridge for a makeahead salad supper.nTo serve, heat a griddle pan and douse with a splash of water. Add the naan and blister 30 seconds on each side. Fill each naan with shredded lettuce and tabbouleh salad and top with the dressing, nuts and optional chopped hot pickled vegetables., ingredients: [1 small chile pepper, finely chopped, 1 small zucchini, seeded and chopped, 1 12 cups bulgur wheat, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and chopped, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 small to medium butternut squash, peeled and diced in bitesize pieces, 12 cup EVOO, plus some for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 3 lemons, juiced, 3 cloves garlic, grated or pasted, 1 pomegranate, 1 packed cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup tahini paste, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 6 naan or pita, Shredded romaine, 14 cup toasted pistachio nuts, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, Giardiniera hot pickled vegetables, drained and chopped, optional garnish], title: Roasted Vegetable Tabbouleh with Grilled Flat Bread and YogurtTahini Dressing, picturelink: Fraceu.APQys0euYcklWe7J62LQTrhy}, 50894: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 10inch castiron pannPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSprinkle the chicken tenders with paprika, sage, oregano, salt and pepper. Heat a 10inch castiron pan over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. When the oil begins to swirl, add the seasoned chicken and saute until cooked through, about 4 minutes on the first side and 3 minutes on the second side. Remove the chicken to a plate with tongs, leaving the oil in the pan. Rest the chicken for a few minutes, and then chop into 12inch cubes.nTo the same pan, add the onions and peas and carrots and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Stir and cook until the onions become tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute longer. Sprinkle in the flour and stir until the flour dissolves into the vegetables and juices. Add the chicken stock and raise to a simmer, stirring until thickened. Once the liquid has thickened, stir in the heavy cream. Season with salt, if needed.nReturn the chicken to the pan. Unfold the pie crust and place over the top of the filling, tucking the excess edges inside the pan. Brush the crust evenly with the egg wash. Using a knife, gently cut 3 vents in the top of the crust. Place in the oven and bake until the crust is golden brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken tenders about 10 tenders, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, 1 cup frozen peas and diced carrots, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 store bought pie crust, unbaked and thawed if frozen, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Easy Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: lLpEUOvw7EsuwYJzD4Ba.LFqc6FdGiW}, 50895: {instructions: In a small bowl combine ricotta cheese, herbs, parmesan, salt and pepper and egg. Place one teaspoon of cheese mixture in center of wonton wrapper and wet two adjacent sides of square. Fold opposite corners over to form a triangular ravioli. Set on wax paper and repeat process with remaining wrappers.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and season with salt. Reduce water to a simmer and gently add raviolis. Cook for 4 minutes and remove with a slotted spoon to drain. Serve with warm tomato sauce. Garnish with basil leaves., ingredients: [1 cup ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons mixed chopped herbs, parsley or basil, 14 cup grated parmesan, Salt and pepper, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 18 wonton wrappers, Water, Tomato sauce, Basil leaves], title: Herb Cheese Raviolis, picturelink: null}, 50896: {instructions: Place melon cubes, lemon juice, white sugar, honey, and a pinch of salt in a blender and puree for 1 minute. Then add the mint and yogurt and puree another 1 minute. While pureeing, add the grappa. Transfer the puree to a glass pitcher. Refrigerate. Serve with crostini bread sticks wrapped in prosciutto to enhance the soups sweet flavors., ingredients: [2 Crenshaw melons, roughly chopped into 1 to 1 12inch cubes, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup white sugar, 34 cup honey, Gray salt, 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, 1 cup yogurt, 3 tablespoons grappa, 10 crostini bread sticks, accompaniment, 10 thin slices prosciutto, accompaniment], title: Melon Soup, picturelink: null}, 50897: {instructions: Preheat the oven according to cake mix package instructions. Coat a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray.nFor the butterscotch sauce: Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the brown sugar and stir to coat. Cook, stirring, until the butter gets frothy, 2 minutes. Add the cream and cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, 5 minutes. Cool to room temperature and then stir in the vanillanFor the batter: Prepare the batter according to cake mix box instructions and pour into the prepared baking dish. Drizzle in the cooled butterscotch sauce and mix to swirl. Set aside.nFor the filling: Combine the ricotta, mascarpone, eggs, sugar and salt in a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whisk until smooth. Gently pour the filling onto the cake batter so the top is completely white.nBake until a skewer inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean and the yellow cake layer has risen to the top of the baking dish, about 50 minutes. Let the cake cool before frosting.nFor the frosting: Just before serving, combine the mascarpone, butterscotch pudding mix, sugar and milk in a stand mixer and mix until smooth. Using an offset spatula, spread the frosting evenly over the entire cake. Serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 box yellow cake mix, 3 12 cups ricotta cheese, 12 cup mascarpone, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups mascarpone 10 ounces, One 3.9ounce package butterscotch pudding mix, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup whole milk], title: Butterscotch Love Cake, picturelink: H6A3ekNg2g91NWGCTzlkSZjNZ0m851S}, 50898: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large pot of water to boil for pasta. Salt the water and add pasta to cook to al dente or, with a bite to it. Cut asparagus spears into 2inch pieces on an angle. Cut zucchini into matchstick shapes. Cut haricots verts or green beans into 2inch pieces on an angle. Add vegetables to pasta after penne has been cooking about 5 minutes. Cook veggies and pasta together 2 minutes. While pasta cooks, toast pine nuts in a small pan until golden, then cool. Place nuts, basil, tarragon, parsley, lemon zest, garlic, cheese and a little salt and pepper in a food processor. Turn the processor on and stream in the extravirgin olive oil until thick sauce forms. Scrape pesto into large, shallow serving dish. Add a ladle of hot, starchy pasta water to the pesto. Drain penne and veggies and add immediately to pesto. Toss to coat pasta and vegetables evenly. Adjust salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with extra grated cheese to pass at table., ingredients: [1 pound penne rigate with lines pasta, Salt, 12 pound asparagus, trimmed of tough ends, 1 small zucchini, 14 pound, haricots verts thin green beans trimmed of stem ends, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 cup basil, 20 leaves, 12 cup tarragon leaves from 10 to 12 stems, 1 lemon, zested, Handful flatleaf parsley, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more to pass at table, Coarsely ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it], title: Three Vegetable Penne with TarragonBasil Pesto, picturelink: 9rIDgSMmqnlkqMtokWoLq65Shxst6i}, 50899: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Combine the pancetta, fennel pollen and garlic in a small bowl. Cut 18 to 20 slits 2 inches deep in the pork roast. Alternately fill the slits with the pancetta mixture and a piece of rosemary. Sprinkle the pork liberally with salt and pepper. Heat the EVOO in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook until browned on all sides. Transfer to the oven and roast for 45 minutes. Douse the pork with the wine and roast until a thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 165 degrees F, 20 to 30 minutes more. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let rest for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil for the kale. Bring the stock and milk to a low boil in another pot for the polenta. Cook the kale for 7 to 8 minutes, then remove to a platter using tongs. Drizzle with EVOO and lemon juice and season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Whisk the polenta into the stock mixture and cook, whisking, until thick, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in the butter and then the cheese, and remove from the heat. Slice the pork and serve with the polenta and kale. Cooks Note: The roasted pork can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Bring to room temperature, then reheat in a 325 degree F oven, covered, for 15 minutes, adding 1 cup chicken stock to the pot to keep it moist. Uncover and heat for 15 to 20 minutes more. You can prep the kale ahead of time and store it in a paper towellined plastic bag in the refrigerator., ingredients: [5 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fennel pollen or ground fennel seeds, 4 cloves garlic, minced or grated, 1 rolled boneless pork loin roast 2 12 to 3 pounds, 2 sprigs rosemary, broken or cut into 1 12inch pieces 8 to 10 pieces total, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup whole milk, 1 bunch Tuscan kale, stemmed, Juice of 12 lemon, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup grated pecorino], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Kale and Polenta, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 50900: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the flour, oats, baking powder, cinnamon and kosher salt.nIn large mixing bowl or the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the brown sugar, granulated sugar and butter. Using an electric beater or the paddle attachment of the stand mixer, beat together the butter and sugar until it they are light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time and beat them into the butter and sugar mixture. Add in the vanilla as well.nWith a rubber spatula or with the stand mixer on low, gradually add the flour mixture into the buttersugar mixture. Mix until just combined. Fold in the chocolate chunks and walnuts.nSpoon the cookie dough by 2 tablespoonsize balls onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Place the cookie dough balls 2 inches apart on the cookie sheet. Place the cookie sheet in the oven and bake for 12 to 13 minutes.nWhen the cookies come out of the oven IMMEDIATELY sprinkle each cookie with a few grains of sea salt. This is really important to do while the cookies are hot.nLet the cookies cool for 2 to 3 minutes and then transfer them to a cooling rack., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup rolled oats, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 ounces block dark chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 cup walnuts, chopped, Large flake sea salt, for garnish], title: Super Yummy Chocolate Chunk Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: OQ7KHqsHL8Y0.zARDiau5wNmbn29GHq}, 50901: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat the EVOO in a pot or skillet with a lid over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, chiles and onions. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Season with salt and stir in the sherry. Cook until reduced by half. Add the tomatoes and oregano, cover and cook until the whole tomatoes burst, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the basil and parsley. Remove from the heat.nFor the pasta: Bring a pot of water to a boil for the pasta, and season with salt. Pat the seafood dry and sprinkle with salt, pepper and about 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning. Heat the EVOO in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the seafood and cook until opaque and firm or heated through for the crab or lobster. Deglaze the pan with the vermouth, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom.nMeanwhile, cook the linguine until al dente, then drain.nToss the linguine with the sauce and fold in the seafood.nCooks Notes: Serve the pasta with a green salad dressed with lemon juice and olive oil.nYou can make the sauce ahead of time and store it in the refrigerator reheat it over medium heat., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 Fresno chile peppers, thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, Salt, 12 cup dry sherry or dry vermouth, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, large tomatoes halved and small tomatoes left whole, 1 teaspoon dried oregano or marjoram, 1 cup fresh basil leaves about 20, torn, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, Salt, 1 12 pounds mixed seafood, such as shrimp, crabmeat, lobster meat and firm white fish, Freshly ground pepper, Seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 14 cup dry vermouth, 1 pound linguine], title: Cherry Tomato Fra Diavolo Sauce, Seafood and Pasta, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 50902: {instructions: Reserve the oysters refrigerated until ready to open. Make the sauce by stirring together the vinegar, soy sauce, mirin, and leek. Open the oysters and arrange on a platter. Spoon about half a teaspoon of the sauce onto each oyster, and serve immediately., ingredients: [24 oysters, refrigerated, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons mirin, 2 tablespoons minced leek, pale green portion only], title: Ivans Oysters, picturelink: null}, 50903: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a roasting pan, arrange the veal bones in a single layer, then drizzle with oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast the bones in the lower part of the oven, flip after 20 to 30 minutes and remove from the oven after 40 minutes to 1 hour, when the bones are golden brown.nSmear the tomato paste over the bones with a spoon. Add the carrots, celery, onion, leeks, and garlic. Return to oven and roast for 1 additional hour.nInto a large stockpot, add the roasted bones, roasted vegetables, thyme, rosemary, and parsley and 16 cups of water. Discard fat from roasting pan. Place roasting pan directly onto stovetop and heat on medium for 1 minute. Remove from heat and immediately add 12 cup to 1 cup of water to the roasting pan, scraping up the brown bits. Add the deglazed liquid to the stockpot. Bring the liquid to a tremble 190 degrees F, and simmer for 8 hours, skimming and discarding the froth frequently during the first hour.nPour the stock in batches through a large fine sieve and discard the solids. Skim off the fat. Alternatively, cool the stock, uncovered, and chill, covered. Scrape away and discard congealed fat from the chilled stock. Gently simmer the stock, skimming the froth occasionally, until it is reduced to about 4 cups, about 1 hour. Before storing the stock cool it completely, about 1 hour, uncovered. Stock keeps, 1 week when covered and chilled or, 3 months when frozen in airtight containers,nWhen roasting the bones, youll know its time to add the vegetables when theyre an irresistible golden brown color, almost caramelized by the glistening fat. You cant get any better than that, ingredients: [8 meaty veal bones, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 4 carrots, 4 celery stalks, 3 onions, 2 large leeks, 1 whole garlic head, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 4 fresh rosemary sprigs, 4 large fresh flatleaf parsley sprigs, 16 cups, plus 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, Sea salt], title: Veal Stock, picturelink: null}, 50904: {instructions: Top the pizza with the BBQ sauce, then add the chicken. Top with the onion slices and cheese. Bake according to the instructions on the pizza box, adding an extra minute or 2 if needed., ingredients: [1 frozen cheese pizza, 12 cup BBQ sauce, 12 rotisserie chicken, meat shredded, Several thin slices red onion sliced on a mandolin, 1 cup shredded Cheddar Jack cheese blend], title: Sunnys StoreBought Pizza BBQ Chicken Pizzaz, picturelink: CkCQxL6HJE..oiu2QbfFBellD4DCidi}, 50905: {instructions: Run the corn flakes through a food processor until just ground. In a bowl, combine the remaining ingredients, except the oysters and eggs. Add the corn flakes and stir.nDredge oysters in beaten egg, then place in breading mix 1 at a time. Cover oyster in mix by pressing lightly. In a medium saute pan, over high heat, heat oil and add oysters. Oysters will be done when the breading is golden., ingredients: [1 15ounce box corn flakes, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 14 cup celery salt, 14 cup onion powder, 13 cup granulated garlic, 32 extra small oysters, shucked, 6 eggs, beaten for breading oysters, Oil, for frying oysters], title: Pan Fried Oysters, picturelink: fT3Ajqm2eOzZAtdV.sEN96ViiYRDvt.}, 50906: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the polenta: Bring the broth, 2 12 cups water and the salt to a boil in a heavy 5quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Gradually whisk in the polenta. Reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring often, until the mixture thickens and the cornmeal is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat. Add the Parmesan, milk and butter. Stir until the butter and Parmesan have melted. Season with salt and pepper.nFor assembly: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the bacon in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until brown and crispy, 15 to 17 minutes. Drain on paper towels. When the bacon is cool enough to handle, chop into 12inch pieces. Set aside.nWhisk together the mascarpone cheese, maple syrup and salt in a small bowl until smooth.nTransfer the polenta to 4 bowls or serving plates. Divide the bacon pieces and spoon on top. Dollop each serving with the mascarpone mixture and sprinkle with the dried cranberries., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 1 14 cups polenta or yellow cornmeal, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 34 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 12inch pieces, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 to 12 strips thickcut applewood smoked bacon about 1 pound, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature about 8 ounces, 3 tablespoons maple syrup or agave, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Creamy Polenta with Bacon and Cranberries, picturelink: y5Znbi6aUgDqmWjPr36spnh0YJW1PCu}, 50907: {instructions: Combine the water, honey, zests, ginger, cinnamon, and allspice berries in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer, until cinnamon is unfurled and mixture is aromatic, about 10 minutes. Strain.nMeanwhile, cut peel and white pith off the grapefruits and oranges with a serrated knife. With a sharp paring knife, cut between the membranes, catching any juices in a bowl, to release segments. Add the juices to the honeyspice mixture. Put the fruit segments in a bowl.nPour the hot liquid over the citrus, add the grenadine or vermouth and stir to combine. Serve the citrus compote with biscotti., ingredients: [12 cup water, 14 cup honey, Zest from 14 grapefruit, peeled in large strips, pith removed, Zest from 14 orange, peeled in large strips, pith removed, 12inch piece fresh ginger root, smashed, 1 3inch piece cinnamon stick, 2 to 3 allspice berries, 2 large red grapefruits, 2 navel oranges, 1 tablespoon grenadine or sweet vermouth, Serving suggestion: 6 almond biscotti], title: Ruby Grapefruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 50908: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook until crisptender, about 6 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water and blot dry with paper towels. You can refrigerate the green beans, covered, for up to 4 hours.nWhisk the lime juice, orange juice, vinegar, mustard and honey in a large bowl. Slowly add the olive oil, whisking constantly, until the dressing is emulsified. Add the green beans, orange and grapefruit segments, cilantro, red onion and jalapeno toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper sprinkle with the almonds.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar or white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 blood oranges, cut into segments, 1 navel orange, cut into segments, 1 ruby red grapefruit, cut into segments, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro or mint, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 red jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced remove seeds for less heat, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Green BeanCitrus Salad with Almonds, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 50909: {instructions: Red Chile Rub: Preheat grill to medium high. Combine ancho, cumin, brown sugar and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Brush salmon with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Rub 1 tablespoon of the spice rub on 1 side of the salmon and grill, rubside down until lightly golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling for 3 to 4 minutes for medium doneness.nToasted Corn Vinaigrette: In a large pot of boiling water, blanch the corn about 5 minutes. Place the ears on the grill until slightly charred on all sides, about 2 minutes. Remove from the grill and with a sharp knife, scrape the kernels into a small bowl. Whisk together the lime juice, jalapeno and honey until combine. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper and fold in the corn, onions and cilantro., ingredients: [12 cup ancho chile powder, 2 teaspoons cumin, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Olive oil, 4 salmon steaks, about 6 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 2 ears corn, husk removed, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 jalapeno, grilled, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 green onion, finely sliced white and 2 inches of the green, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro], title: Red Chile Rubbed Salmon with Toasted Corn Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 50910: {instructions: Heat oil in electric fryer or heavy pot to 350 degrees F. Season perch evenly with kosher salt and freshly ground pepper. Place buttermilk and cornmeal separately into two shallow dishes. Dip perch first into buttermilk and immediately dredge in cornmeal. Shake off excess cornmeal. Flashfry lake perch until crisp, golden and just cooked through., ingredients: [2 lbs. lake perch, 3 qts. light cooking oil for frying, kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 4 cups cornmeal], title: FlashFried Lake Perch Rolled In Cornmeal, picturelink: null}, 50911: {instructions: Over high heat, bring 2 gallons water, 14 cup seafood seasoning and 18 Cajun spice to a boil. Add the potatoes and corn and cook until potatoes are soft to the touch, 15 to 18 minutes. Next, add the onions and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Next, add the sausage and shrimp and cook until the shrimp are bright pink, a final 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the water with a strainer.nNext, in a large bowl, blend the remaining 14 cup seafood seasoning, 18 cup Cajun spice with the butter. Whisk together and toss with the cooked boil, tossing to well coat. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup seafood seasoning, 14 cup Cajun spice, 1 pound small red potatoes, 2 ears yellow corn, cut in half, 1 cup thin sliced red onion 16inch half rounds, 1 pound andouille sausage, cut on bias 14inch thick, 1 pound shellon shrimp 21 to 26 count, 1 pound butter, melted], title: Shrimp Boil, picturelink: 6HB2ZbWgf6bCwC7pZEOesGerHbMBSu}, 50912: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir the flour and sugar together. Using a pastry blender or your fingertips, work the butter into the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Sprinkle on 3 to 4 tablespoons of the eggy water, and mix it in with your fingers just until the dough comes together into a ball. Working on a lightly floured surface, take eggsized pieces of the dough and smear them away from you with the heel of your hand into 6inch streaks. Scrape up all the streaks of dough and pile them on top of one another to form a disk. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or overnight. Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9 12inch tart pan with a removable bottom. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough to 18inch thickness and place in the prepared pan, trimming the edges, and bake until light golden brown, approximately 20 minutes. Let cool completely. Pour the butterscotch filling into the pie crust that is still inside the tart pan and refrigerate for at least 3 hours. Slice the bananas, making concentric circles and top with sugar. Torch bananas briefly until golden and all the sugar is caramelized.nIn a bowl, whisk the cornstarch into 12 cup of the milk. Let rest for 1 minute, then whisk again. Whisk in the eggs, yolks, and vanilla. In a saucepan, over medium heat, bring the brown sugar, butter, bourbon, and the remaining 2 12 cups milk just to the simmering point it will start to wiggle in the pot. While constantly whisking, slowly drizzle the hot liquid into the egg mixture. Return the mixture to the saucepan and, while constantly whisking and scraping the bottom of the pot, cook until tiny bubbles boil up for 10 seconds. Remove from the heat and strain., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 7 teaspoons sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pea sized bits, 1 large egg beaten with 1 cup ice water, Butterscotch filling, recipe follows, 3 bananas, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 3 cups milk, 2 eggs, 2 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup lightly packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon bourbon], title: Butterscotch Banana Cream Pie, picturelink: LXb7AE4qAW1MCwQAd1F.7f.bHVdTCLu}, 50913: {instructions: In a hot saute pan sprayed with vegetable spray, saute the red onion until golden.nIn a large bowl mix the next 10 ingredients together and season, to taste.nPlace each tostada in the middle of each salad plate and scoop 4 ounces into the center of each tostada. Garnish with a sprig of cilantro and a wedge of lime., ingredients: [12 red onion, julienned, 12 ounces tuna in water, drained, 1 scallion, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped oregano leaves, 14 cup red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 cup corn kernels, toasted, 1 cup romaine lettuce, sliced 14inch thick, 12 cup nonfat yogurt, 14 cup capers, 12 teaspoon chile de arbol, toasted and crumbled, 6 tostada shells, 6 sprigs fresh cilantro, washed, 2 limes, cut into wedges], title: Mexican Tuna Tostada, picturelink: null}, 50914: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring the chicken broth and 2 12 cups water to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat cover and keep warm. Meanwhile, arrange the prosciutto in a single layer on a foillined baking sheet. Bake until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until soft, 3 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the wine and cook, stirring, until evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add 12 cup warm broth and stir constantly until absorbed. Repeat, adding the broth in 12cup increments and stirring constantly, until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is just tender and creamy, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the heat. Combine the parsley, chives and marjoram in a bowl. Add all but 1 tablespoon of the herbs to the risotto along with the gruyere, mascarpone and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter stir vigorously until creamy, about 1 minute. Break the prosciutto into pieces. Divide the risotto among bowls and top with the prosciutto and reserved herbs.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 4 ounces prosciutto, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 cup arborio rice, 13 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh marjoram or thyme, 1 cup grated gruyere cheese, 13 cup mascarpone cheese], title: Risotto With Mascarpone and Prosciutto, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 50915: {instructions: Add berries, sugar and water to a hot saucepan. Allow mixture to come to a boil and then cook for approximately 3 minutes or until berries can be mashed. Remove from heat.nStrain the berry mixture into a bowl, pushing with a wooden spoon. Allow to cool. Can be stored in a squeeze bottle in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.nStuff one wonton wrapper with 16 of the chocolate chips. Paint water on the edges, seal in a triangle shape, crimp lightly with a fork to ensure seal. Repeat with all six wonton skins.nIn a large pot or in a deep fat fryer heat 3 inches of canola oil to 350 degrees. Using a spider or a slotted spoon, add the stuffed wontons to the oil and fry until golden on both sides. Remove to drain on paper towels.nPlace the chopped chocolate in a small bowl. Heat heavy cream to a simmer and add to the chocolate stirring until the chocolate melts. Add Grand Marnier to taste.nArrange wontons on a plate. Top with the coulis and chocolate., ingredients: [1 pint fresh raspberries, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 6 square wonton skins, 12 cup chocolate chips, Canola oil for frying, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, Grand Marnier, to taste], title: Deep Fried Wonton Raviolis, picturelink: null}, 50916: {instructions: In a small saucepan heat milk with honey, stirring, over low heat just until lukewarm and remove pan from heat. Stir in yeast and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add softened butter and yolks, whisking until combined well. Transfer milk mixture to bowl of a standing electric mixer or to a large bowl if kneading by hand. Add flour and salt gradually to milk mixture, stirring until incorporated. With dough hook knead dough until smooth, about 2 minutes. By hand, knead on a lightly floured surface until smooth, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer dough to a lightly oiled large bowl and turn to coat with oil. Cover with plastic and allow to rise in a warm place, until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nMake glaze: In a small saucepan heat glaze ingredients, except currants, over low flame, stirring occasionally, until butter is melted. Remove from pan and keep warm and covered.nGrease two baking sheets. Punch down dough and divide into 12 equal pieces. Form each piece into and egg shape and transfer pieces to prepared baking sheet. Form a bunny tail on each roll by holding scissors, points down, perpendicular to baking sheet, and making a 12inch long snip at base of wide end. Form 2 bunny ears by making a 2inch long snip on each side, starting near wide end and cutting toward narrow end. Form eyes on each piece by making 2 holes in narrow end with a wooden toothpick and pressing a currant half firmly into each hole with pick. Brush half of warm glaze on rolls and let rise, covered loosely with plastic wrap in a warm place for about 45 minutes or until doubled in bulk.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Heat remaining glaze and brush rolls. Bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching positions half way through. Bake about 20 minutes or until golden brown, and transfer to racks to cool. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 cup honey, 1 14ounce package active dry yeast, or 2 12 teaspoons, 12 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons and at room temperature, 2 large egg yolks, 4 cups bread flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 stick unsalted butter, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 12 dried currants, halved], title: HoneyGlazed Bunny Rolls, picturelink: null}, 50917: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine salsify, 1 tablespoon cream, and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and cool completely. Store salsify in liquid until ready to use.nTo open oysters, place a clean kitchen towel on a cutting board. Arrange towel so that it allows an oyster to sit level, with flat shell facing upward. Pry the shells apart by forcing your oyster knife into the narrowest part of the shell. Be sure to reserve all of the juices. Sever the abductor muscle and reserve. Strain juices.nIn a small skillet, combine leek and 3 tablespoons water. Gently cook until leeks are tender and the juices have concentrated, about 15 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, combine reserved oyster liquid and abductor muscles, wine, clam juice, fumet, shallots, thyme, and bay leaf. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until reduced by onehalf. Add remaining 14 cup cream and return to a boil. Whisk in butter until just melted. Strain. Transfer to skillet with leeks. Add oysters and bring to a simmer until oysters plump slightly, about 30 seconds. Spoon oysters into warm soup plates. Sprinkle with chives and chervil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 salsify 8 inches in length, peeled and cut on the diagonal into 12inch pieces, 5 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 cup water, plus 3 tablespoons, 30 oysters, 1 large leek, white and light green parts only, cut into 18inch pieces, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup clam juice, 12 cup fish fumet, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, Chives, thinly sliced on the diagonal, for garnish, Chervil sprigs, for garnish], title: Glazed Oysters with Leek and Salsify, picturelink: null}, 50918: {instructions: Toss 3 bunches baby rainbow carrots, 1 tablespoon olive oil and 12 teaspoon kosher salt on a baking sheet arrange in a single layer. Roast at 450 degrees F, turning once, until tender and slightly browned, 15 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and chopped chives.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Rainbow Carrots, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 50919: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPrepare the asparagus by trimming off the tough woody stem.nSet up a breading station by whipping the egg whites and mayonnaise together the mayonnaise helps the whites stick to the asparagus. Sprinkle with some salt and pepper.nIn a separate, dish add the panko, Parmesan, Italian seasoning and paprika. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and mix. Dip each asparagus spear in the egg wash and then coat evenly in the seasoned panko breadcrumbs. Place the spears on a wire rack over a baking sheet and lightly drizzle with some olive oil this will help them crisp up.nBake until golden and crispy, 15 to 17 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound medium asparagus about 20 spears, 2 egg whites, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon paprika, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Crunch Crazy Asparagus Spears, picturelink: null}, 50920: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the potatoes, olive oil, salt and pepper, and mix well with your hands. On a roasting tray, spread out the potatoes, cut side up, and roast in the oven until golden, about 30 minutes. Set aside and let cool.nIn a large bowl, season the shrimp with the crab boil seasoning. Melt the butter in a frying pan over medium heat and saute until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the parsley, lemon juice, and corn. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Put the potatoes on a platter, cut side up. Divide the shrimp mixture on top of each potato. Sprinkle with additional chopped parsley., ingredients: [20 fingerling potatoes, cut lengthwise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, plus more for garnish, Juice 1 lemon, 1 8ounce can corn, drained], title: Seasoned Shrimp and White Corn on Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 50921: {instructions: In the original bottle or in a decorative bottle of your choice, combine the chilies with the vodka. Cap tightly and leave to infuse for 7 to 10 days in a dark place. Replace the original cap with a narrow liquor spout with a screen available from bar suppliers. Use the infused vodka to make martinis or other cocktails, being aware that with every day the chili flavor will get stronger. If you plan to keep the vodka for more than 10 days more, it is advisable to strain out the chilies., ingredients: [One 750 ml bottle flavorless Vodka, 2 medium ancho chilies, wiped clean, 2 whole jalapeno chilies, washed and thoroughly dried], title: Chile Flavored Vodka, picturelink: null}, 50922: {instructions: Place potatoes in microwavesafe bowl with 1 tablespoon water. Cover and cook on high setting for 8 minutes. Stir, recover and cook 10 to 12 minutes more. Drain and chill thoroughly in refrigerator.nIn a mixing bowl, combine potatoes and remaining ingredients. Mash with potato masher until combined and small pieces of potato are left. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe scooped with an ice cream scooper and garnish with a sprinkle of paprika., ingredients: [1 bag 28 ounces frozen potato cubes with onions and peppers recommended: OreIda OBrien potatoes, 2 hard boiled eggs, chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise recommended: Best Foods, 14 cup yellow mustard recommended: Frenchs, 2 tablespoons sweet pickle relish recommended: Vlasic, Salt and pepper, Paprika, for garnish], title: Texas Mashed Potato Salad, picturelink: 5hqBMlzLZeBNUy11CwKJLeEthjXRJqG}, 50923: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: icepop moldsnAdd the yogurt, frozen berries, honey, banana and cabbage to a blender. Then pour in the juice and blend until smoothnPour into icepop molds and stash them in the freezer until totally frozen. Remove and eat as required, ingredients: [2 cups plain Greek yogurt, 2 cups frozen blueberries, 2 cups frozen mixed berries or frozen strawberries, 14 cup honey, 1 banana, peeled, 14 head red cabbage, 1 cup cranberry or grape juice or any deep redpurple juice], title: Purple Smoothie Pops, picturelink: 7eSq03E5MZSnFSpBaKIJhiz9fStaT0i}, 50924: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepot, over high heat melt the butter and add the leeks and garlic. Cook over medium heat until they are translucent. Add the hot stock and whisk to combine.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the riced potatoes, buttermilk, sour cream, and grated Parmesan. Add this mixture to the soup stirring constantly. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and add the Sherry vinegar.nLadle into bowls and garnish with chives., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups finely diced leeks, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 6 cups chicken stock, hot, 4 large leftover baked potatoes, halved. pulp scooped out and put through a ricer, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons Sherry vinegar, 14 cup minced chives], title: Leftover Baked Potato Soup, picturelink: iwJnet7Fv64tcUNw2AzS6DMNUAg373q}, 50925: {instructions: Place 1 thinly sliced grapefruit in a pitcher. For still infused water, add 2 quarts of water. For sparkling water, add 1 quart of seltzer during prep and a second quart just before serving. Refrigerate 2 to 3 hours to allow the grapefruit to infuse. Stir well and strain, discarding the grapefruit. For serving, add fresh grapefruit slices for garnish and plenty of ice. The infused water will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days., ingredients: [], title: GrapefruitInfused Water, picturelink: nBMbenbBNas0nzVWoPHOOrbMAlcLvK}, 50926: {instructions: In a large saucepan, over medium high heat, place the oil, onions and garlic and heat them until browned. Add the tomatoes and cook for 15 minutes. Add the ketchup, mustard, sugar, hoisin sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, honey, cayenne, chile powders and Worcestershire sauce and cook 15 minutes. Puree the mixture in a food processor. Pour into a bowl and allow to cool at room temperature. This makes about 5 cups. Marinate the steaks in the hoisin barbecue sauce for 1 hour. Remove the steaks from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steaks over a medium heat wood fire for about 5 minutes on each side while basting with the sauce.nRosemary and Garlic Fingerling Potatoes: Split potatoes in half and place in medium size bowl. Add 2 tablespoons oil and the garlic. Season with salt and pepper. Strip the leaves, except at the top, of the rosemary. Mince 1 tablespoon of rosemary leaves and add to the potatoes. Starting with the thicker part of the rosemary stem, skewer the potatoes. Alternate 1 red, 1Yukon gold and 1 purple potato, dividing the potatoes equally among the 4 rosemary branches. Grill the skewered potatoes over medium heat for 25 minutes until skins blister. Remove from heat. Mix lemon juice, remaining oil, honey, and salt and pepper to taste and pour over the potatoes while they are still hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon peanut oil, 12 medium red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 plum tomatoes, coarsely diced, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 6 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon pasilla chile powder, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire, 2 2 12 pound porterhouse steaks, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 12 pound red potatoes B size, blanched, 12 pound Yukon gold B size, blanched, 12 pound purple potatoes B size, blanched, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Salt and pepper, 4 sturdy rosemary branches, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey], title: Porterhouse Steak with Hoisin Barbecue Sauce and Rosemary and Garlic Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 50927: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees. In a large saucepan, combine the honey, barley malt syrup and fruit juice concetrate. Heat over medium heat until you can stir the mixture easily, but before it starts to boil, about 5 minutes.nPlace the oats in a large mixing bowl. Add the honey mixture and stir rapidly and thoroughly to coat the oats. Spread them in a thin, even layer on a large nonstick baking sheet you may need two. Place it in the oven and bake until the granola is crisp, no more than 15 minutes. Watch carefully, or the granola may burn.nRemove the baking sheet to a cooling rack. Let the granola cool thorougly on the baking sheet. Place the granola in a large bowl, break up any large chunks, stir in the raisins and transfer to a tightly covered container., ingredients: [14 cup honey, 14 cup barley malt syrup may substitute maple syrup, 14 cup mixed fruit juice concentrate available at health food stores may substitute orange juice or apple juice concentrate, 5 cups rolled oats, 1 cup raisins], title: Best Granola Formula, picturelink: null}, 50928: {instructions: For the gravlax: Crush the dill with the coarse salt and add the brown sugar. Sprinkle the salmon fillets with the Szechuan peppercorns. Cover with the dill mixture and splash with vodka. Sandwich the fillets together, tailtotail, and cover with plastic wrap. Cover the salmon with another plate and something that weighs about a pound. Refrigerate for 24 hours. After that time, the flesh will have lost its translucence. Rinse under cold water and pat dry.nFor the mustard sauce: Combine the mustard, brown sugar and lemon juice. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and stir in the chopped dill and grated horseradish to taste. Slice the gravlax thinly on the bias and without the skin. Serve with crackers and the mustard sauce.nPer serving not including crackers: Calories 207 Total Fat 13.5 grams Saturated Fat 2 grams Protein 16 grams Total Carbohydrate 4 grams Sugar: 2 grams Fiber 0 grams Cholesterol 34 milligrams Sodium 665 milligrams, ingredients: [1 large bunch fresh dill, roughly chopped, 2 cups500 ml coarse salt, 2 cups500 ml brown sugar, Two 2pound1 kg extremely fresh salmon fillet sushi grade, skin on, 1 teaspoon5 ml crushed Szechuan peppercorns, 14 cup60 ml vodka, 14 cup60 ml Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons30 ml brown sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup125 ml olive oil, 1 bunch fresh dill, chopped, Freshly grated horseradish, Crackers, for serving], title: Gravlax, picturelink: null}, 50929: {instructions: For the roulade: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Position a rack in a roasting pan.nMelt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the celery, fennel and onions and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the sausage and cook until browned through, 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in the parsley and rosemary and cook for about 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper. Deglaze the skillet with a splash of brandy, scraping up any brown bits from the bottom.nCombine the sausageveggie mix, stuffing mix, chicken stock and egg in a large bowl and stir together. Lay the turkey breast flat and season with salt and pepper. Spread the stuffing mixture in an even layer, then tightly roll the turkey breast. Tie the roll with kitchen twineapproximately 4 to 6 ties evenly spacednRub the remaining 4 tablespoons softened butter all over the surface, sprinkle with salt and pepper and put on the rack in the roasting pan. Roast for 30 minutes, then decrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue roasting until the skin is golden brown and crispy and a meat thermometer inserted into the center of the roulade reaches 155 degrees F, another 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove to a cutting board, cover with foil and let rest while you make the gravy.nFor the gravy: Set the roasting pan over a burner over medium heat. Whisk the flour into the drippings to form a paste and cook, stirring constantly, until the roux is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken stock, turn off the heat and add the brandy to the pan. Turn the heat back on and cook, whisking constantly, until the gravy thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nSlice and serve with the gravy, ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 small head fennel, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 8 ounces sweet pork sausage, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Brandy, for deglazing, 2 12 cups seasoned dry stuffing mix, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 large egg, 1 boneless skinon whole turkey breast approximately 5 pounds, butterflied and flattened, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup brandy, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey Roulade, picturelink: fDaNgWDvXS3gVXILEgNdPbbX3.dazpG}, 50930: {instructions: Chop lettuce leaves, green beans, celery stalks, green bell pepper, red pimento pepper and asparagus. Toss all vegetables together with shallot vinaigrette to taste. Add lettuce, and toss with your favorite vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 head of Boston or iceberg lettuce, 1 cup of petit peas, 4 oz. Frenchstyle green beans, 2 stalks of celery, 1 green bell pepper, 1 red pimento pepper, chopped, 12lb. of asparagus, steamed, light shallot vinaigrette], title: Mardi Gras Salad, picturelink: null}, 50931: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread hazelnut spread on 1 side of each tortilla.nIn a large pan over medium heat add 2 tablespoons of butter and let it melt until bubbly. Add 2 of the tortillas with the chocolate hazelnut spread side facing up. Using an imaginary line add 13 cup of marshmallows down 1 half of each tortilla, making sure to keep them in a single layer. Allow the tortilla to slightly bubble on the pan and check underneath for a golden, toasted color. Fold the tortilla over to form a half circle and slightly press down to seal. Cook until marshmallows start to melt but dont lose their shape. Transfer them to a cutting board. Repeat with the remaining tortillas.nMeanwhile, put the hazelnuts on a plate. Cut the tortillas in half, then quickly press the opened sides into the chopped hazelnuts. Arrange them on a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 4 8inch round wholewheat tortillas, room temperature, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 13 cups miniature marshmallows, 12 cup finely chopped toasted hazelnuts], title: Sunnys Fake Crepes, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 50932: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a stovetop grill pan or griddle to mediumhigh heat and coat with cooking spray. Season shrimp all over with salt, black pepper and cumin. Place shrimp on the hot pan and cook 2 minutes per side, until bright pink and cooked through. Place pineapple on grill next to shrimp and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Remove shrimp and pineapple from grill and cut both into 1inch chunks.nArrange 4 tortillas on a flat surface. Top with, shrimp, pineapple, cheese, red peppers, and scallions. Place second tortilla on top. Transfer with hands or with a spatula, to a baking sheet. Place a second baking sheet on top to weigh down the tortillas. Bake for 10 minutes, or until cheese is melted and tortillas are golden brown.nWhile the quesadillas are baking, in a small bowl, using a spoon, combine sour cream, lime zest and garlic. Mix well to combine.nIn a food processor, combine mango and lime juice. Puree until smooth and remove from food processor and place in a bowl. Using a rubber spatula, stir in cilantro.nRemove quesadillas from the oven. Cut quesadillas into wedges and serve with lime sour cream and pureed mango on the side., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 pounds large or jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 4 pineapple rounds, fresh or canned in juice, about 1inch thick, 8 flour tortillas, 1 12 cups Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 13 cup roasted red peppers, chopped, 14 cup scallions, chopped, 12 cup light sour cream, 2 teaspoons finely grated lime zest, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 mango, peeled and seeded, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro, chopped], title: Island Quesadillas with Lime Sour Cream and Pureed Mango Dip, picturelink: hP638SuECPWsqHK2G.0YDMcCvnJRee}, 50933: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in 9 to 10inch cast iron skillet or oven safe pan over mediumhigh heat and add sugar. Gently stir until sugar starts to turn brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Be careful not to burn the sugar, as it will continue to cook since the pan is hot. Bring the heat to low then arrange the apples, skin side down, neatly. Make sure the pan is well packed with apples. Cook for few minutes. Cover the pan with pie dough and cut the dough along the pan leaving about 1inch overhang. Fold the overhang inside the pan. Put the pan in the oven for about 20 minutes. After cooking, leave the tartin in the pan for about 5 minutes. Cover the pan with serving plate and flip the pan over and voila Serve hot with creme fraiche on the side or ice cream., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 14 cup sugar, 8 Granny Smith apples, cut in eighths, peeled and pitted, 1 pie dough, store bought, 1 creme fraiche], title: Tarte Tatin, picturelink: null}, 50934: {instructions: Rehydrate summer roll wrappers. Place oneeighth of each filling item noodles, cilantro, mint, bean sprouts, Boston lettuce, burdock, and cabbage in each wrapper, and roll., ingredients: [8 triangular summer roll wrappers, 1 cup cellophane noodles, 14 cup cilantro, 14 cup bean sprouts, 12 head Boston lettuce, 14 cup burdock, julienne, 14 cup pickled daikon, 12 cup Napa cabbage, shredded, 14 cup nouc nam, 14 cup rice vinegar or 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 small chili, 2 small crushed garlic cloves, Fresh lime leaf and cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, Shredded daikon of carrot], title: Summer Rolls with Nuoc Cham, picturelink: null}, 50935: {instructions: For the scones: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, ginger and salt in a large bowl. Cut the butter into the mixture until it resembles coarse meal.nnWhisk together the buttermilk, pumpkin and vanilla in a medium bowl until smooth. Add the wet mixture to the dry along with the cranberries and candied ginger. Mix until it is all just combined do not overmix or the scones will be tough.nnTransfer to a lightlyfloured surface and knead the dough gently 4 or 5 times. Pat the dough into a circle that is about 8 inches round and about 1 12 inches thick. Cut the circle in half, and then cut each half into 4 pieshaped wedges triangles. Place the scones on the baking sheet and brush the tops with the heavy cream.nnBake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool on a baking rack for 15 minutes before serving.nFor the butter: Meanwhile, combine the cream, maple syrup and sea salt in the chilled bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Whip on low speed at first, then once the mixture begins to thicken, increase the speed and whip until light and fluffy and has turned into butter. Dont overmix the butter or it will break., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup lightly packed light brown muscovado sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup very cold buttermilk, 12 cup canned pure pumpkin, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup dried cranberries, soaked in hot water for 30 minutes and drained well, Scant 14 cup candied ginger, finely diced, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup pure maple syrup, Pinch sea salt, ], title: PumpkinCranberry Scones with Whipped Maple Butter, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 50936: {instructions: To marinate beef:nMix rice wine and soy sauce in a large bowl and add cornstarch gradually while whisking constantly. Slice beef into thin pieces and place into bowl with marinade stirring to coat. Let marinate for at least 30 minutes.nPrepare garnish by heating 1 tablespoon of the oil in a saute pan, reserving the other 4 tablespoons. Add the Sichuan peppercorn and dry chili and cook until the chili turns dark red. Do not allow it to turn black. Remove the cooked peppercorn and chili to a cutting board and use the side a large chefs knife blade to smash it. Then chop it into pieces and transfer to a small dish. Keep the saute pan handy for the final touches.nPrepare vegetables by washing and cutting celery, leeks, and lettuce into 3inch lengths. Heat the 2 tablespoons of corn oil in a wok, add scallions and stir once. Add the celery, leeks, and lettuce and stirfry for 20 seconds over high heat. Remove and place in a large shallow serving bowl.nTo cook beef, heat the 14 cup corn oil in the wok and add ginger, scallion, and chili sauce. Cook until the oil turns red from the chili. Add wine, soy sauce and stock. When the mixture begins to boil, add marinated beef and gently stir to cook. As soon as beef is completely cooked, remove from wok and place beef over vegetables in serving bowl and pour sauce from wok over it.nHeat the remaining 14 cup of oil for the garnish in the saute pan, and when it begins to smoke slightly, pour the oil over the Sichuan peppercorns and chili in the small dish.nServe everything immediately., ingredients: [2 teaspoons rice wine, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 pound beef loin strip steak or fish fillets, or chicken breasts, or pork loin, 5 tablespoons corn oil, divided, 2 tablespoons Sichuan peppercorns available in Chinese markets, 12 cup dry small red chili, 14 pound Chinese celery or celery, 14 pound Chinese leeks or leeks or scallions, 14 pound stem lettuce, romaine lettuce heart or napa cabbage, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 1 tablespoon chopped scallion, 14 cup corn oil, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped scallion, 14 cup hot chili sauce, Chinese or Chinese hot bean paste, 3 tablespoons rice wine, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 cups chicken or beef stock], title: Sichuan Water Boiled Beef, picturelink: i7iYerbCGTFYDO0X8cP8zw45bTUXGSq}, 50937: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: skull and bones ice cube traysnFor the licorice ice: Place the licorice pieces and 4 cups water in a medium saucepan over medium high heat and bring to a simmer. Cook until the licorice is completely melted, remove from the heat and let cool completely.nFill the skull and bones cube trays with the licorice water and freeze.nFor the drink: Combine the sugar, ginger and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Cook until the sugar dissolves completely, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove and discard the ginger and set the simple syrup aside to cool completely.nFill a pitcher with the orange soda water. Add the simple syrup. Pour into glasses filled with licorice ice, garnish with black licorice sticks and add a jigger of gin if desired., ingredients: [12 sticks black licorice, broken into 1inch pieces, plus more for garnishing drinks, 1 cup sugar, Three 1inch slices fresh ginger, 2 liters unsweetened orangeflavored soda water, Gin, optional], title: Black Death Fizzes, picturelink: ZTvpzaeB1LSVcjObMsPrWLr3ijmxH3K}, 50938: {instructions: Remove the giblets from the turkey, wash the turkey well, and pat dry with paper towels.nUse your fingertips to gently separate the turkey skin from the breast. Mix the chopped herbs with the softened butter and distribute evenly underneath the turkey skin. This will create a self basting turkey and keep it moist as it cooks slowly.nPreheat oven to 450 or 500 degrees F.nPlace the chopped onion, celery, apples, oranges, and carrots inside the cavity of the turkey and then sprinkle the turkey all over with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the turkey on a rack the reason we place the turkey onto a rack is so we dont get a mushy bottom on the turkey in a roasting tray, cover with aluminum foil, and place in a preheated oven at 450 to 500 degrees F for the first 25 minutes then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F for a further 4 hours checking every 20 to 30 minutes throughout the day. About 1 hour from finishing remove the foil and allow to get golden brown.nYou should roast the turkey until an instantread thermometer registers 180 degrees F this is the temperature for a whole turkey and the juices no longer run pink when you cut into the center of the thigh it should be clear. The drumstick should move easily from the socket when lifted or twisted. When the turkey has finished cooking remove from oven and let it rest for at least 30 minutes  longer is better. It will not go coldnNote: I personally dont like to baste because every time you open the oven you lose at least 25 degrees F of heat, so this means that you keep the turkey in the oven longer therefore drying it out., ingredients: [1 24pound fresh tom turkey, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped sage leaves, 1 cup 2 sticks or 12 pound butter, softened, 2 onions, peeled, roughly chopped, 1 bunch celery, well scrubbed and roughly chopped, 2 apples, skinon, stems and seeds removed, roughly chopped, 2 oranges, skinon, but rinsed, roughly chopped, 2 carrots, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Tom Turkey, picturelink: BDa3mCFAPWQ5NmjCFhLi12Ahll9PowG}, 50939: {instructions: Special equipment: waffle ironnFor the waffles: Whisk together the flours, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl.nWhisk together the buttermilk, eggs and oil in a separate large bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and whisk until the mixture just comes together. Add the wild rice and fold until just combined. Let the mixture rest for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the waffle iron. Brush the waffle grates with some of the melted butter and make the waffles according to the manufacturers directions.nFor the chicken: Whisk together 4 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons salt and the chile de arbol in a large bowl or large baking dish. Add the chicken, turn to coat, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nStir together the flour, garlic and onion powders, paprika and cayenne in a large bowl and divide between 2 shallow platters. Season generously with salt and pepper. Drain the chicken in a colander and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces a few at a time in the flour mixture and pat off excess, then dip in the remaining 2 cups buttermilk and allow the excess to drain off. Dredge in the second plate of flour and pat off the excess. Put the chicken pieces on a baking rack set over a baking sheet while the oil heats.nPour about 3 inches of oil into a deep castiron skillet the oil should not come more than halfway up the sides of the pot. Put the pot over mediumhigh heat and heat the oil to 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nWorking in batches, add the chicken pieces to the hot oil, 3 or 4 at a time and fry, turning the pieces occasionally, until evenly golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack to drain repeat to cook the remaining pieces.nMeanwhile, make the pink peppercorn sauce: In a small bowl, combine the honey, zest of the whole lime and the juice of only 12 of the lime. In a mortar, crush the peppercorns with the pestle until all the peppercorns are crushed lightly. Add to the honey and mix well.nTo serve: Place a waffle on a plate, top with 2 pieces of fried chicken and pour the pink peppercorn sauce over top., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups wholewheat flour, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups buttermilk, 4 large eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup cooked wild rice rice should be overcooked, drained well, Melted butter, for the waffle iron, 6 cups buttermilk, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol powder, or 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 chickens 3 to 4 pounds each, cut into 8 pieces, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil, for deepfrying, 12 cup clover honey, 3 tablespoons pink peppercorns, 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fried Chicken and Wild Rice Waffles with Pink Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: Q8l.cG3huv50tN1akDcTxPpjTcdjzG}, 50940: {instructions: Slice the peppers in half lengthwise remove stem, seeds and membrane. Place under the broiler skin side up until the skin turns black and blisters. Remove and immediately place in a small paper bag or plastic container with a tight lid. Place in the freezer for 10 minutes this will loosen the roasted skin. Remove peppers and rub off the black skin with your fingers. Chop skinned peppers and set aside. Saute the butter, onions, and garlic until soft in a heavy bottomed soup pot on mediumlow heat. Add the reserved red peppers, tomato paste, and chicken stock. Bring to a low boil, reduce the heat, and then simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in the heavy cream, cilantro, salt, and pepper. Stir in the cornstarch mixed with a little cold water to thicken. Simmer 5 minutes. Let the soup cool slightly, and then blend in batches in a blender, or use an immersion blender to puree. Sprinkle the roasted corn over the soup before serving and top with a dollop of Cilantro Lime Sour Cream.  When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk all ingredients vigorously until light and creamy., ingredients: [8 large red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves minced garlic, 14 cup tomato paste, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup sweet corn kernels, lightly roasted, Cilantro Lime Sour Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 12 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh cilantro leaves], title: Cream of Roasted Red Bell Pepper Soup with Roasted Sweet Corn and Cilantro Lime Sour Cream, picturelink: MggAyYuMW9OrkHucvp5cMEpKTcmRt.}, 50941: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, mix the sugar with the water until it looks like wet sand. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring gently to dissolve the sugar. Simmer without disturbing for 20 minutes, or until the mixture turns a light amber color.nSpray a small rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Spread the chopped hazelnuts out on the baking sheet. Pour the caramel over the hazelnuts and let sit for 10 minutes, or until hardened. Break into shards., ingredients: [1 13 cups sugar, 23 cup water, Nonstick cooking spray, 23 cup blanched hazelnuts, toasted and chopped], title: Hazelnut Brittle, picturelink: 3XEx7z875YN16QAPo6ObVe2ei1Mpwt.}, 50942: {instructions: Stir the cornstarch and 14 cup stock in a small bowl until the mixture is smooth.nHeat the remaining stock, garlic powder, broccoli, carrots, pepper and onion in a 3quart saucepan over medium heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the vegetables are tendercrisp.nStir in the cornstarch mixture. Cook and stir until the mixture boils and thickens. Stir in the turkey and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Toss with the spaghetti and cheese.nTip: To save time, you can use 2 cans 4.5 ounces each Swansonu00ae Premium White Chunk Chicken Breast in Water, drained, for the turkey in this recipe., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 34 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Stock, 14 teaspoons garlic powder or 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 cups broccoli flowerets, 2 medium carrots, sliced about 1 cup, 12 cup green or red pepper cut into 2inch long strips, 1 small onion, chopped about 14 cup, 2 cups cubed cooked turkey or chicken, 12 of a 16 ounce package spaghetti, cooked without salt, and drained about 4 cups, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese], title: Turkey Primavera, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 50943: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together orange juice, lemon juice, oil, mustard, and chives. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Add scallops, strawberries and cucumber and toss to coat with a spoon. Arrange lettuce leaves on a serving platter and top with scallop mixture. Top with crumbled Gorgonzola., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons fresh chives, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked scallops, halved, 2 cups whole strawberries, sliced, 1 cup English cucumber, sliced, Red lettuce leaves, 12 cup Gorgonzola, crumbled], title: Scallop Salad with Strawberries, Cucumber and Gorgonzola in CitrusDijon Vinaigrette, picturelink: 2HYgNbUKUB9ZJt67OnCP.AGR14FSf2C}, 50944: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast until darkened and fragrant. Remove and spill into a saute pan. Add the cumin, hot paprika, rosemary, and sugar. Toss the mixture over heat to coat with the oil. Add the fleur de sel and spill onto a baking sheet to cool. Store the spiced nuts in a jar., ingredients: [1 cup150 g whole almonds, with their skins, 1 teaspoon toasted, ground cumin seed, 1 teaspoon hot paprika, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Fleur de sel sea salt], title: Spiced Almonds, picturelink: null}, 50945: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 9by5by3inch nonstick, metal loaf pan with vegetable oil cooking spray. Line the bottom of the pan with a 14by3 12inch piece of parchment paper. Spray with vegetable oil cooking spray. Line the sides of the pan with a 14by7inch piece of parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a small, heavy saucepan, combine the caramel candies and heavy cream over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the candies have melted and the mixture is smooth, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, and salt.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on high speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium and beat in the eggs and vanilla. With the machine running, gradually add the flour mixture in batches to form a thick batter. Beat in the peanut butter. Transfer half of the batter to the prepared pan. Pour 2 tablespoons of the caramel lengthwise along the center of the batter. Using the tip of a knife, swirl the caramel sauce into the batter. Place the remaining batter on top and pour another 2 tablespoons of the caramel sauce lengthwise along the center of the batter. Swirl the caramel sauce into the batter. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out with moist crumbs, 55 to 60 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan and peel away the parchment paper. Cool completely on a wire rack, about 1 hour center of cake will fall during cooling. Slice the pound cake and place on a serving platter. Warm the remaining caramel sauce over low heat. Drizzle the caramel sauce over the pound cake slices or serve alongside., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 9.5ounce bag soft caramel candies, unwrapped recommended: Kraft Classic Caramels, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup creamy peanut butter], title: Peanut ButterCaramel Pound Cake, picturelink: yfmFAVJQajZ8jQ60DSD7cbdh1WY1uCC}, 50946: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, pulse the pecans until they resemble fine crumbs. Be careful not to over grind and create a paste. In a small saucepan, melt the butter. Add the brown sugar and the corn syrup. Bring to boil. Remove from the heat and add the ground pecans, and flour. Mix well. Drop teaspoonfuls onto a greased cookie sheet. Bake for 5 to 8 minutes or until brown around the edges and lacelike in appearance. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 5 minutes. Transfer to wire rack. Place chocolate chips in a small plastic bag. Immerse the bag into barely simmering water until the chips melt. Once the chips are melted, snip a small corner off the bag. Pipe a chocolate squiggle onto each cookie. Allow chocolate to harden before storing cookies.nCopyright u00a9 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup brown sugar, 12 cup corn syrup, 12 cup ground pecans, 1 cup flour, 1 cup chocolate chips], title: Florentine Cookies, picturelink: null}, 50947: {instructions: Use a can opener to poke 2 small holes in the top of can.nFill a small pot with 4 inches of water. Place can in water, then add or remove water so that the top of the can sits 14inch above the waterline. Bring water to a simmer and let simmer for 6 hours. Top off water occasionally so that it remains at the same basic level. Dont worry if a small amount of the cans contents bubble up and cloud the water during the simmering process.nLet can cool, then open and skim off top 14inch of condensed milk. What remains below should be a thick creamy, delicious caramel sauce. Serve with fresh fruit such as bananas, berries, star fruit, etc., ingredients: [1 can sweetened condensed milk], title: Dulce de Leche, picturelink: null}, 50948: {instructions: To a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and render until crispy. Remove from the heat and place onto a papertowellined plate. To the bacon fat, add the sage leaves and fry until crispy, about 30 seconds. Season the sage leaves with salt. Finely chop the bacon, crumble the sage and set aside. Reserve for garnish.nIn a medium bowl, combine the ricotta, Parm, parsley and 2 whole eggs mix well and sprinkle with salt.nDust a clean work surface lightly with allpurpose flour and lay out 2 sheets of pasta about 12 inches long brush lightly with water. Equally space 4 dollops of the ricotta mixture on one of the pasta sheets. Then use a spoon to make a nest or small hole in the center of each dollop. Carefully separate the remaining eggs and put a yolk in each ricotta nest the ricotta should lovingly nestle each yolk if a yolk breaks, scoop it out with a spoon and dont use it.nCover the ricotta nests and egg yolk with the remaining pasta sheet. Use your index fingers to press around each ricotta nest to seal the edges. Then use a fluted ring cutter or dough roller to cut around each ravioli they should be 3 to 4 inches in diameter. Reserve the ravioli on a tray generously dusted with semolina.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. In a large saute pan, melt the butter and chicken stock. Add the sage sprigs and season with salt. Bring this to boil BTB and reduce to simmer RTS.nAdd the ravioli to the boiling water and cook for about 2 minutes, no more. Using a spider and slotted spoon, carefully transfer the ravioli from the water to the pan with butter and chicken stock and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. If the sauce reduces too much, add a few drops of the pasta cooking water. The sauce should cling to the ravioli in a buttery hug.nTransfer the ravioli to serving plates, one per plate. Spoon a little extra sauce over each one, and finish with a sprinkeydink of grated Parm, the bacon and then the fried sage.nPut the allpurpose flour on a clean, dry work surface. Make a hole this is also called a well in the center of the flour pile that is about 8 inches wide bigger is definitely better here. Crack all of the eggs and the yolk into the hole and add the olive oil, water and salt.nUsing a fork, beat the eggs together with the olive oil, water and salt. Using the fork, begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture be careful not to break the sides of the well or the egg mixture will run all over your board and you will have a big mess Also, dont worry about the lumps. When enough flour has been incorporated into the egg mixture that it will not run all over the place when the sides of the well are broken, begin to use your hands to really get everything well combined. If the mixture is tight and dry, wet your hands and begin kneading with wet hands. When the mixture has really come together to a homogeneous mixture, THEN you can start kneading.nWhen kneading it is VERY important to put your body weight into it, get on top of the dough to really stretch it and not to tear the dough. Using the heels of your palms, roll the dough to create a very smooooooth, supple dough. When done the dough should look VERY smooth and feel almost velvety. Kneading will usually take from 8 to 10 minutes for an experienced kneader and 10 to 15 for an inexperienced kneader. Put your body weight into it, you need to knead This is where the perfect, toothsome texture of your pasta is formed. Get in there and have funnWhen the pasta has been kneaded to the perfect consistency, wrap it in plastic and let rest for at least 1 hour. If using immediately do not refrigerate.nRoll and cut the pasta into desired shape.nHow smooth and supple, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 10 leaves plus 2 sprigs fresh sage, Kosher salt, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano, plus more for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 large eggs plus 4 large egg yolks all heirloom or organiceggs, Allpurpose flour, as needed, 12 recipe Chef Annes AllPurpose Pasta Dough, rolled forravioli, recipe follows, Semolina flour, as needed, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 12 cups chicken stock, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 4 whole eggs, plus 1 egg yolk all heirloom or organic eggs, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons water or more if needed, Kosher salt], title: Raviolo al Uovo, picturelink: hE5qAihjA3LQUumj0XvCHghzR2A8aH6}, 50949: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCoating: Combine all of the ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nSeason the lamb all over with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat the oil in an ovensafe skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the oil begins to swirl, add the lamb and sear it on all sides until golden and a nice crust has formed, about 2 minutes per side. Remove the lamb from the pan and brush with mustard on all sides. Press the coating onto the lamb, making sure to cover all sides. Put the lamb, bone side down, back in the pan and put it in the oven. Roast until the internal temperature reaches 125 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, and the coating is golden brown, anywhere from 15 to 20 minutes for mediumrare. Remove the lamb from the oven and let it rest 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 8 sprigs thyme, leaves removed and lightly chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 rack lamb, frenched 8 bones approximately 1 12 to 2 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons stoneground mustard], title: Sunnys Rack of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 50950: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the oil to a medium pot and heat over medium heat. Add onions and asparagus stems and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the milk and parsley and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for 5 more minutes. Carefully pour into a blender and puree, or puree using a hand blender. Pour back into pot through a fine mesh strainer and return the pot to medium heat. Whisk in the potato soup and the sour cream, and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and serve.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the frozen pie crust onto a baking sheet. Prick the bottom of the crust with a fork and bake for 10 minutes.nSaute the bacon in a skillet over medium heat until crisp. Remove bacon and drain on a paper towel. Add onion and asparagus tips to the skillet with the bacon fat and saute until tender, approximately 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl whisk together ricotta, milk and eggs. Add parsley, half the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Add asparagus and onion mixture and combine well. Pour egg mixture into the prepared crust.nBake in the preheated oven for 40 to 45 minutes or until filling has set and the tart is lightly browned on top. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.nIn a small bowl, toss the remaining tomatoes with the basil, balsamic vinegar and season with a pinch of salt and pepper. Serve as garnish for tart., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, Leftover asparagus stems from Asparagus and Tomato Tart, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped yellow onion, 2 cups milk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 can cream of potato soup, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Salt and pepper, One 9inch frozen pie crust, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 bunch fresh asparagus tips, reserve stems for another use, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup milk, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, One 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, drained well, divided, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar], title: Web Exclusive Round 2 Recipe: Cream of Asparagus Soup, picturelink: BBfM7z3hOgp436zfiDasQpvWI9a0Ai}, 50951: {instructions: The lightly beaten eggs should be in one medium bowl and the bread crumbs in another. Season both the eggs and the bread crumbs with salt and pepper. Take the squid rings and tentacles and coat them with the egg. Remove and allow any excess egg to drip off, and then roll the pieces in the bread crumbs. Place them in a single layer on a baking sheet and refrigerate.nIn a mediumsize saute pan, heat the chile oil lightly. Add the garlic and season with salt and pepper. Take care not to brown the garlic but instead sweat it so that the liquid emerges and it becomes translucent. Add the sliced celery and stir to coat everything evenly. Cook for 1 minute. Stir in the lemon slices and set aside to cool.nPour the oil into a heavybottomed pot or alternatively, a deep fryer. Heat the oil slowly to 375 degrees F. Use a thermometer to monitor the temperature. Line a baking sheet with a kitchen towel to drain the squid once they are cooked.nWhen ready to serve, drop the squid, in small batches, into the oil. Fry until crispy, turning on both sides with a slotted metal spoon, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain them on the lined baking sheet. Season immediately with salt and toss with the basil leaves. Serve the garlic sauce on the side or drizzle over top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups toasted bread crumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound small squid, cleaned, bodies cut into thin rounds, tentacles intact, 12 teaspoon chile oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 3 yellow inner stalks celery, washed and sliced, 12 lemon, halved lengthwise and sliced into thin half moons, 1 quart frying oil, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, stemmed, washed, dried and torn], title: Crispy Squid with Garlic, Chile, and Basil, picturelink: OON8hYFLjQCyqYk7TGhDCPRwA3j20VK}, 50952: {instructions: Have vegetable oil 2 12 inches deep in fryer at 400 degrees F.nBreading:nHave breading ingredients in widerimmed bowls.nFor the cod fillet and the shrimp: Dip in flour and shake off excess. Then dip in egg, removing with slotted spoon. Then roll in cracker meal with dry hand. Remove onto a dry platter.nFor the scallops: Put the scallops on paper towels to absorb some of their liquid. Then coat in flour, then egg, then cracker meal. Then repeat egg dipping, then cracker meal. Remove to a dry platter.nFor the clams: Place rinsed clams on paper towels to absorb moisture. Dip clams in egg. Put equal amounts of flour and cracker meal in a large plastic or paper bag. Place clams in bag and shake them until coated. Remove to a dry platter.nFrying: Fry seafood in batches, 3 to 5 minutes, or until golden and crisp. When fried, remove to brown paper such as a brown paper bag to drain before serving.nSuggested drinks: Lenz Cuvee Methode Champagnoise 1192, Southampton Golden Lager.nIn a bowl, mix all ingredients. Chill before serving. Garnish seafood with lemon and parsley sprigs and serve with tartare sauce., ingredients: [2 cod fillets, under 2 pounds each, each fillet cut into 5 pieces, 2 pounds medium shrimp, shelled, 2 pounds sea scallops, 3 dozen steamer clams, shelled, most of stem removed, Lemon and parsley sprigs for garnish, 3 cups cracker meal with 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, beaten with salt and pepper to taste, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup sweet relish, 12 cup finely diced onion, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 dashes hot sauce], title: Old Fashioned East Coast Seafood Frying, picturelink: null}, 50953: {instructions: Bring a large, wide pot of salted water to a boil.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, sprinkle with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 4 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh, add half the radicchio, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook, stirring and turning, until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer everything to a medium bowl.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the remaining butter in the skillet add the remaining radicchio, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook, stirring and turning, until tender, about 5 minutes. Return the first batch of vegetables to the skillet, stir to combine, remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nWhile cooking the radicchio, add the ravioli to the pasta water, stir well and cook until just tender, about 6 minutes. Reserve 13 cup of the pasta water, then strain the ravioli in a colander.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the pasta pot over low heat. Add the sage and cook, stirring, about 1 minute. Add the ravioli and toss to coat with sage butter. Add the vegetables and stir well. Add 3 tablespoons of the reserved pasta water and toss to coat. The ravioli should be nicely slicked if it seems dry, add the remaining water a tablespoon at a time. Season with salt and pepper. Divide the ravioli among four warm bowls and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 heads radicchio about 9 ounces each, cored and cut into 1inch pieces, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces cheese ravioli, 2 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, chopped], title: Ravioli with Radicchio and Sage, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 50954: {instructions: Wrap the tortillas in a damp paper towel and microwave on high for 45 seconds.nCut the banana in half crosswise. Slice each half lengthwise into quarters, forming about 3inch sticks. Lay the flour tortillas on a flat surface. Spread a thin layer about 1 tablespoon dulce de leche over the tortillas, leaving 12inch border around the edge. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon coconut. Place a banana stick at the edge, roll up the tortilla and secure closed with a toothpick. Repeat with the remaining bananas and tortillas.nIn a large skillet, add enough canola oil to come 12 inch up the side of the pan and heat over mediumhigh heat the oil should be at 350 degrees F. Working in batches, place the tortilla rolls seamside down in the oil and fry until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from the oil and drain on a paper towellined plate or sheet pan.nStir together the hot coffee with the chocolate sauce. Remove the toothpicks from the taquitos, drizzle with some of the chocolate sauce and serve with remaining chocolate sauce on the side., ingredients: [8 small flour tortillas, 1 large banana, 12 13.4ounce can dulce de leche, divided, 12 cup shredded coconut, divided, 14 cup brewed decaf coffee, 1 cup chocolate fudge topping, Canola oil, for frying], title: Caramel Banana Taquitos, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 50955: {instructions: For the rice: Brown the bacon in a pan, and then add the onions and cook until translucent. Add the rice and toast, stirring, for 5 minutes. Pour in the stock and cook, covered, over low heat for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the radishes: Saute the radishes, and then pour in the vinegar to coat. Pour in the stock and butter and cook until reduced to a glaze. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve.nFor the turnip puree: Cook the turnips gently in the oil over low heat, and then add the stock. Cover and cook until soft and cooked through, checking every 5 minutes. Blend in a blender to a smooth puree. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve.nFor the duck: Sear the duck skinside down over low heat until crispy. Add the honey, flip and transfer to the oven for 4 minutes. Remove and let rest for 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, stir the cherries and hazelnuts into 12 cup of the rice. Reserve the remaining rice for another use. Reheat the radishes if needed, adding more stock if necessary. Heat the oil in a saute pan until hot, and then add the Swiss chard and saute until wilted. Warm the duck confit in a pan until heated through.nSlice the duck and serve over the rice, Swiss chard, duck confit, 2 tablespoons of the turnip puree and 3 tablespoons of the radishes. Reserve remaining turnip puree and radishes for additional servings or another use., ingredients: [14 cup diced bacon, 12 cup small diced onions, 1 cup wild rice, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup halved breakfast radishes, 1 teaspoon raspberry wine vinegar, 12 cup vegetable stock, plus more if needed for reheating, 12 teaspoon unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces turnips, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 2 ounces vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 duck breast, 1 ounce honey, 1 tablespoon brandied cherries, 1 tablespoon toasted hazelnuts, 12 teaspoon canola oil, 12 cup Swiss chard, chopped, 3 ounces duck confit], title: Birch and Barleys Honey Glazed Duck, picturelink: null}, 50956: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil. Add the onion, peppers, and jalapeno, and saute for 5 minutes.nAdd the huitlacoche, deglaze with the vinegar and oil, and season with salt and pepper.nSet aside to cool for 10 minutes. When the mixture has cooled, mix in the scallions and cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive or corn oil, 1 red onion, finely diced, 1 green bell pepper, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 1 jalapeno, finely minced, 2 6ounce cans huitlacoche or 12 pound fresh huitlacoche, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup finely chopped scallion, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro, Serving suggestion: serve with chicken or other poultry.], title: Huitlacoche Salsa, picturelink: null}, 50957: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the ground beef, salt and pepper in a large bowl and form the mixture into 8 equalsize balls. Press a cube of desired cheese into the center of each ball and cover completely with meat. Form the balls into hamburger patties, about 14inch thick. Grill burgers until desired doneness. Top with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pickles as desired on a toasted bun.nPlace the drained pimientos in a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Using an electric mixer, combine the pimientos and cheese, beating until smooth. Beat in the mayonnaise., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 8 ounces blue cheese, cut into 1inch cubes, 8 ounces Pimiento Cheese Spread, recipe follows, 8 ounces mozzarella, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 hamburger buns, Lettuce, Sliced tomatoes, Grilled sweet onions, Sliced pickles, Two 7ounce jars canned, sliced pimientos, drained, Three 10ounce bricks sharp Cheddar, finely grated, 1 cup mayonnaise], title: Cheese Stuffed Burgers, picturelink: Y4Y1FKIAsRZ6nBCIe6s0RN2fQR4AM2}, 50958: {instructions: Brush 4 tortillas lightly on one side with the oil. Place 4 tortillas on the grill oiled side down. Top with cheese to taste and another tortilla on each. Turn quesadillas when bottoms are browned and cheese begins to melt. Brown on the other side. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 flour tortillas, 2 cups grated Cheddar cheese, 2 cups grated Jack cheese, Olive oil], title: Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 50959: {instructions: Remove the 2 outer leaves of the cabbage. Cut the cabbage in half. Core it and cut into thin julienne. Put cabbage in bowl. Sprinkle with salt and red wine vinegar. Toss and let stand for 2 hours. Saute diced onions in butter. Add the apple and sugar. Saute lightly. Add strained cabbage to saute mix. Reserve the liquid. Stir for several minutes. Then add strained liquid, red wine, chicken stock, jam, cinnamon, cloves, bay leaf and cook for approximately 40 minutes in a covered heavy bottomed pan Remove cinnamon stick, cloves and bay leaf. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds red cabbage, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 onion, medium dice, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 medium apple, peeled and diced, 34ounce sugar, 34 cup red wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 12ounces lingonberry jam or cranberry sauce, 12 cinnamon stick, 1 to 2 cloves, 1 bay leaf, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Blaukraut Braised Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 50960: {instructions: Special equipment: a finemesh strainernPut the beef bones, oxtail, beef chuck and 1 tablespoon salt in a large pot and add cold water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat and boil vigorously until the surface of the water is foamy, about 10 minutes. Drain the bones and meat in a colander discarding the liquid and rinse well with cold water. Clean the inside of the pot, put the blanched bones and meat back into it and add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil over high heat then reduce to mediumlow and simmer for 15 minutes, skimming and discarding any foam that rises to the surface.nMeanwhile char the onion and ginger over an open flame until well blackened on both sides. Alternatively you may place them on a foillined baking sheet and broil on high, turning once, until well charred, about 10 minutes. Add the onion, ginger, fish sauce, cloves, star anise, cinnamon, black peppercorns and rock sugar to the pot and continue to simmer. Skim the surface of the soup often to remove the fat and foam that rises. If necessary, add water during cooking to keep the bones submerged. Cook until a paring knife pierces the chuck easily and comes out with little resistance and the oxtail meat pulls easily away from the bone, 3 12 to 4 hours.nRemove the meat and bones from the pot with a slotted spoon or spider to a rimmed baking sheet. Discard the larger bones and let the chuck and oxtail cool enough to handle, 10 minutes. Meanwhile pour the broth through a finemesh strainer into a clean pot and keep hot over mediumlow heat. You should have about 12 cups of broth. Put the rice noodles into a large bowl and cover with hot water. Let the noodles soak until soft, 10 to 15 minutes, then drain and divide between 6 serving bowls.nPick the oxtail meat from the bones and divide it between the bowls. Thinly slice the beef chuck across the grain of the meat and divide it between the bowls. Divide the sliced eye of round between the bowls and then ladle the hot broth over. Top with the cilantro and onion and serve with the bean sprouts, basil, lime, sriracha and hoisin on the side., ingredients: [3 pounds beef bones preferable beef knuckle bones, 2 pounds oxtail, cut 1inch thick, 1 12 pounds beef chuck, Kosher salt, 1 large unpeeled yellow onion, cut in half lengthwise through the root, 8 ounces unpeeled ginger, cut in half lengthwise, 14 cup fish sauce, 4 whole cloves, 4 whole star anise pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 ounce yellow rock sugar or 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, One 8ounce package dried rice vermicelli, 1 pound thinly sliced eye of round beef, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup thinly sliced onion, 12 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup Thai basil leaves, 2 limes, cut into wedges, Sriracha or sambal hot sauce, Hoisin sauce, for serving], title: Beef Pho, picturelink: LKjkWi5E5x4DiNp7Rqj6vLawgqwjEI2}, 50961: {instructions: Mix all ingredients for Salsa and Let sit for 4 hours. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBake Corn Tortillas in a 325 degree oven until crispy, cool. Then grind tortillas in a blender or food processor until pulverized into a dust. Place salmon, skin side up, into flour, then egg wash and finally the tortilla crumbs. After salmon is coated, heat oil in skillet and place salmon, tortilla side down into the hot oil. Pan fry until crust sets and a little browning occurs. Drain oil and flip salmon, then place salmon in a 325 degree oven for 8 to 10 minutes.nHeat salsa in a skillet and place over the salmon before serving., ingredients: [4 ears fresh corn, roasted on broiler and cleaned off cob, 6 tomatillos, peeled, washed and small diced, 1 jalapeno, oiled, broiled deseeded and small diced, 1 tomato, cored and diced medium, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, pith removed and small diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded, pith removed and small diced, 1 ounce cilantro leaves, chopped fine, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Hot pepper sauce, to taste, Salt and pepper, to taste, Canola oil, for pan frying, 12 pound blue corn tortillas, 4 salmon fillets, 6 ounces each, 2 cups salt and peppered flour, 6 eggs plus 2 ounces milk, for egg wash], title: Tortilla Crusted Salmon with Fire Roasted Corn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 50962: {instructions: In a blender combine all ingredients except olive oil and blend until smooth. With the motor running, add oil slowly in a stream, creating an emulsion.nPlace romaine lettuce in salad bowl. Pour dressing over and toss. Arrange on serving dish and top with croutons., ingredients: [12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 anchovies, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 34 teaspoons black or white pepper, Salt, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups loosely packed, torn, washed, and spun dry romaine lettuce, 12 cup Caesar salad dressing, 2 loaves pane di casa, cut into 12inch cubes and baked at 450 degrees F for 10 minutes], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 50963: {instructions: Cut 1 small green cabbage outer leaves removed into 4 wedges. Brush with melted butter season with chopped thyme, salt and pepper. Lay each wedge on a thyme sprig on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Roast at 400 degrees F until the cabbage leaves are crisp, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [], title: ThymeRoasted Cabbage, picturelink: s4pyTT4IpDPNaPbYax8MU6WI2Ad1o.K}, 50964: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rinse and dry the chicken well and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes.nIn a large Dutch oven, over mediumlow heat, add the bacon and slowly render the fat. Remove the bacon to a plate when crispy, leaving the fat in the pan. Raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the chicken, skin side down. Brown the chicken on both sides and then remove to a plate. Add the onion, celery, carrots and garlic and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Deglaze the pan with white wine and reduce by half. Stir in the beans, bay leaf and thyme. Nestle the chicken thighs and bacon into the pot. Add the chicken stock, cover and bake in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven, remove the lid and top the cassoulet with sliced tomatoes and the Garlic Bread Crumbs. Return to the oven and bake, uncovered, 15 minutes longer. Serve the cassoulet with baguette slices.nIn a small saute pan over low heat, add the oil and the garlic. Stir until the oil is fragrant, about 1 minute. Toss in the bread crumbs and cook until the bread crumbs start to turn golden, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and remove from heat., ingredients: [4 bonein, skinon chicken thighs, cut in 12 through the bone, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound slab bacon, sliced into large lardons, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 celery stalks, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups cooked Northern white beans, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tomato, sliced very thinly, Garlic Bread Crumbs, recipe follows, 1 baguette, sliced, for serving, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 slices slightly stale or dried bread, pulsed into crumbs in food processor, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Weekday Cassoulet, picturelink: dkb7b99ZRCyygkCNTeuibklvyCc1NVC}, 50965: {instructions: Check below for storage life., ingredients: [Pastry shells, Phyllo dough, Puffpastry dough, Tortillas, Wonton skins, Breadcrumbshomemade, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, Frozen vegetables, Flavored butters, Nuts and Berries, Poultry, uncooked9 months, Poultry cooked4 to 6 months, Steaks6 to 12 months, Chops4 to 6 months, Hamburger3 to 4 months, Ham, cooked1 to 2 months, Bacon1 to 2 months, Meat casseroles, cooked3 months, Lean fish6 months, Fatty fish2 to 3 months, Shellfish3 to 6 months, Vegetables8 to 10 months, Fruit pies, unbaked8 months, Fruit6 months, Butter6 to 9 months, Bread, cake and cookies3 months, Soups and stews2 to 3 months, Ice cream and sorbet2 months], title: Essential Freezer Items: Feasts from the Freezer, picturelink: null}, 50966: {instructions: Special equipment: 20 wooden skewersnFor the chicken: Cut the chicken tenders into 2inch pieces and put in a large container. Whisk together the yogurt, curry powder, hot sauce, garlic, shallot, ginger and some salt in a small bowl. Pour over the chicken, cover and marinate, refrigerated, for 1 to 2 hours.nMeanwhile, soak the wooden skewers in water.nWhen ready to cook the chicken, heat a grill pan over medium heat.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and thread 2 pieces onto each skewer. Grill the chicken until cooked through with nice grill marks, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Let cool. Cover and refrigerate.nFor the peanut sauce: In a small pot, heat the oil. Cook the curry powder, garlic, shallot and ginger until the aromatics are soft. Scrape this into a blender and add the peanut butter, coconut milk, soy sauce, brown sugar, hot chili oil, lime juice and a pinch of salt. Blend, adding the hot water a little at a time to thin it and make it smooth. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate.nTo serve, put a bowl or ramekin of the peanut sauce in the center of a round serving plate. Arrange the skewers in a circular pattern around the bowl with the meat facing toward the center. Sprinkle with the cilantro., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken tenders, 1 cup yogurt, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 4 dashes hot sauce, or to taste, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 1inch piece fresh ginger, minced, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 1inch piece fresh ginger, minced, 12 cup smooth peanut butter, 12 cup coconut milk, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt, 12 cup hot water, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 50967: {instructions: Soak the bulgur in hot water to cover until tender, 15 to 30 minutes. Drain bulgur, then squeeze out as much water as possible. Combine bulgur with lamb, onion, garlic, cumin, mint, salt and pepper. Shape into 1inch meatballs, handling mixture as little as possible.nPut olive oil in a large skillet preferably cast iron over mediumhigh heat when hot, add meatballs and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, turning every couple of minutes. Serve immediately or cool and proceed with recipe.nBring a large pot of water to boil and salt it. Trim stem ends of collard leaves and discard. Put half the leaves in the boiling water and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until they are just pliable. Use a slotted spoon to remove leaves from water and transfer to a colander run leaves under cool water drain and gently squeeze to remove most of the excess water, leaving them just damp enough so they will stick together when rolled. Repeat with other leaves.nCut leaves in half by running a sharp knife along each side of stem, removing stem in process trim top and bottom, making a large, rectangularshaped leaf. Lay one leaf down with widest part facing you. Put a meatball in middle of leaf, bring 2 sides of leaves together and roll like a burrito to seal it. Put each stuffed leaf, seamside down, on a serving plate. Repeat, cooking and stuffing remaining leaves. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [14 cup mediumgrind bulgur, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more as needed, 16 to 20 untorn collard leaves, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Lamb Meatballs and Collard Dolmades, picturelink: null}, 50968: {instructions: Melt butter in a large pot, add the onions and saute until soft, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the garlic, spices, and salt and pepper, and saute another minute to release the aromas. Stir in the tomato paste to blend with the onions, fry 1 to 2 minutes, then add the stock, bulgur and lentils. Cover and simmer until bulgur and lentils are thoroughly cooked and soup is thickened, about 30 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally.nRemove from heat, stir in half of the herbs and sprinkle the remaining half over the soup. Serve immediately with yogurt to garnish., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 onions, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, crushed, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 7 cups chicken, lamb or beef stock, 12 cup bulgur, 12 cup red lentils, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint], title: Red Lentil Soup, picturelink: null}, 50969: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place a 9by13by2inch pan filled threequarters with water on the bottom rack of the oven. Mix grahamcracker crumbs, butter and 13 cup of the sugar. Press crumb mixture firmly onto the bottom and 212 inches up the sides of a 10inch springform pan. Set aside.nBeat cream cheese, remaining 1 cup sugar and the vanilla in a large bowl of an electric mixer on high speed until wellblended. Add eggs one at a time, mixing on low speed after each addition just until blended. Add sour cream and cornstarch. Mix on low speed until blended. Pour 112 cups of the batter into a small bowl stir in 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon chopped candied pecans. Pour mixture onto prepared crust.nSlice pecan pie into six pieces. Remove crimped edge of crust and trim away about 12 inch of the outer, wide edges of pie slices. Reassemble pie upside down by placing pieces crust side up on top of batter in springform pan. Pour remaining batter over pie.nWrap bottom and sides of springform pan with foil. Place on middle rack of oven and bake 70 minutes, or until center is almost set. Leave cheesecake in turnedoff oven with door slightly ajar for 1 hour. Remove from oven and cool completely. Refrigerate overnight.nRemove sides of springform pan. Warm 1 cup of the candied pecan halves in the oven. Place along the outer edge of cheesecake to form a decorative ring, gently pressing into place. Serve cake with sweetened whipped cream and remaining candied chopped pecans., ingredients: [2 cups grahamcracker crumbs, 6 Tbs. butter, melted, 113 cups sugar, divided use, 3 8oz. packages cream cheese, softened, 2 tsp. vanilla extract, 3 eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tsp. cornstarch, 1 baked and chilled Pecan Pie, Candied pecans, divided use, Sweetened whipped cream], title: PecanPie Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 50970: {instructions: For the Creamy Caper and Lemon Sauce: Combine the mascarpone and mayonnaise in a medium bowl. Slowly add the milk, stirring as you go, until all the milk is incorporated. Add the remaining ingredients. Stir to combine. Set aside.nFor the Pork Milanese: Combine the flour and the 12 teaspoon salt and pepper in a shallow dish and stir together. Crack the eggs into another shallow dish and beat until combined. In a third shallow bowl, place the breadcrumbs. Season the pork with salt and pepper. Dip the pork, 1at a time first in the flour, then the eggs, then the bread crumbs. Warm the vegetable in a large skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot place the breaded pork in the pan. Cook until golden and cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer the pork to a serving platter and serve with the sauce alongside., ingredients: [23 cup mascarpone cheese, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup whole milk, 14 cup capers, drained and chopped, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup seasoned Italian bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 thincut pork chops], title: Pork Milanese with Creamy Caper and Lemon Sauce, picturelink: p5DObDuDLuZ7t4eqVhglhcKpubJpP2i}, 50971: {instructions: Combine juices and sugar in pitcher and stir until all sugar is dissolved. When ready to serve fill tall glasses with ice. Pour about 14 cup juice mixture in each glass and add beverage of choice to taste. Stir to blend and add garnishes., ingredients: [34 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 cup superfine sugar or 1 12 cups granulated sugar, Up to 5 cups ice water or beverage of choice, Lemon and lime slices or zests for garnish], title: LemonLimeade for Big People and Little People, picturelink: null}, 50972: {instructions: Place banana halves in a dessert boat. Add 2 large scoops ice cream. Remove the lid from the dessert topping jar and heat in microwave for 20 to 30 seconds. Pour warm sauce over ice cream. Top each scoop of ice cream with a big swirl of whipped cream and a cherry. Add 2 spoons and a special someone and this dessert makes a sweet end or beginning to a great date night, at home, ingredients: [1 banana, split lengthwise, 2 large scoops caramel stripe ice cream or French vanilla ice cream, 12 cup butterscotch or caramel dessert topping, 1 canister whipped cream, 2 cherries], title: Sundae Date Boats, picturelink: null}, 50973: {instructions: Using a large chefs knife, cut the melon in half. With a wooden spoon, remove the melon seeds from each half and discard. Cut each melon half into eight equal pieces. With a paring knife, remove the rind from each slice. Set aside.nHold the mango upright on a cutting surface. Using a chefs knife, cut away the flesh on both sides of the pit. Carefully peel each mango half. Cut each half widthwise into eight equal pieces. Set aside.nUsing a cool, damp cloth, gently wipe the fuzz away from each peach. With a paring knife, cut each peach in half lengthwise, and remove the pit. Cut each peach half into four equal slices. Set aside.nDivide the fruits equally among four plates. Season with salt. Top each plate with two pieces of prosciutto, covering the fruit. Garnish with a sprig of cilantro and a wedge of lime. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cantaloupe, 1 mango, 2 peaches, Coarse salt, to taste, 8 slices prosciutto, 4 sprigs cilantro, 1 lime, cut into quarters], title: Fruit and Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 50974: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the strawberries, apples, granulated sugar, walnuts, and cinnamon in a saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft.nDivide the strawberryapples mixture among the tart shells.nSift the flour into a bowl, rub the butter in until it looks like fine bread crumbs and add the oatmeal. Gently mix in the brown sugar. Sprinkle a thick layer of the crumble mixture on top of the fruit. Arrange the crumbles on a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned and hot and bubbly, about 20 minutes.nDivide the crumbles among plates, place a scoop of ice cream on the top of each, sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Garnish with strawberry slices.nIn a mixer, cream the butter and sugar then add the eggs slowly, mixing well. Add the cream. Add the flour all at once and mix to a smooth dough. Divide the dough in half and wrap in plastic wrap. Let rest in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out half of the dough into a large square, about 18 inch thick. Freeze the other half of the dough for another use. Cut the dough into 4 parts and line 4 4inch tart pans. Line each tart with parchment paper and fill with dried beans. Bake for 15 minutes, remove the parchment and beans, and bake for 15 minutes more.nLet cool on a rack., ingredients: [12 pound strawberries, hulled and sliced, plus sliced strawberries for garnish, 12 pound cooking apples, like Granny Smith and Jonathan, peeled, cored, and sliced, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup crushed walnut halves, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 prebaked 4inch tart shells, recipe follows, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup oatmeal, 9 tablespoons packed brown sugar, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Serving suggestion: Vanilla ice cream, 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 13 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 2 beaten egg yolks, 1 dash cream, 2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted], title: Strawberry and Apple Crumble, picturelink: GrcvcEQJ4ZTS6c09TVAODQPUO.XAmq}, 50975: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, eggs, 12 cup milk, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Continue whisking until you have a smooth batter. Add the remaining cup of milk and stir well to combine. Cover the bowl and place it in the refrigerator to chill the batter for at least 30 minutes or several hours.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Just before you are ready to make the crepes, whisk in the melted butter. The batter should be the consistency of heavy cream if it is too thick, add milk slowly while whisking constantly until it is the right texture.nHeat a 9inch nonstick skillet or crepe pan over medium heat. Melt a teaspoon of butter in the pan or spray with vegetable spray and heat the pan until a drop of water dances across the surface.nUsing a ladle or a measuring cup with a lip, pour about 14 to 13 cup of the batter into the pan. Hold the pan with 1 hand and pour the batter in with the other. Swirl the pan while pouring so that the batter covers the pan thinly and evenly for each crepe. Pour off any excess batter. Try not to leave any holes. After the first few crepes you will know exactly how much batter your pan will hold.nCook the crepe over mediumhigh heat until the edges turn brown, about 15 seconds. Flip the crepe using a small spatula and your fingers. Cook on the second side for another 10 to 15 seconds. The second side will not be as evenly browned as the first side. Remove the pan from the heat and invert it over a warm plate to stack the crepes. Keep warm until ready to use. Continue making crepes with remaining batter, adjusting the heat as needed.nIf not using immediately, place a square of waxed paper between each 1, place in a resealable plastic bag and store in the refrigerator. Crepes can be refrigerated for up to 2 days or frozen for several months. Reheat uncovered in a low oven 250 degrees for 15 minutes or until warm. Fill with your favorite filling., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups whole milk, divided use, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus whole butter for cooking crepes], title: Savory Crepes, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 50976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, toss all the vegetables, except the tomatoes, with 1 12 tablespoons oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange on a baking sheet and roast, until caramelized, about 30 minutes, turning vegetables halfway through the cooking time. In a small bowl, add the tomatoes and the remaining olive oil and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add to the baking sheet, at the halfway point of cooking, to caramelize.nMeanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, add the sausage and saute until cooked through. Turn up the heat and deglaze with white wine. Once the vegetables are cooked, cool slightly, then coarsely chop. Add the vegetables and any pan juices to the sausage in the skillet. Toss in the cooked penne, adding reserved pasta water, if needed, to moisten. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve in bowls topped with Parmesan., ingredients: [1 sweet onion, cut into wedges, 1 medium zucchini, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 1 red bell pepper, cheeks removed, 12 pound button mushrooms, stemmed, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pint grape tomatoes, washed and dried, 2 sweet or hot Italian sausages, thinly sliced or casings removed, 14 cup white wine, 12 ounces wholegrain penne, cooked according to package instructions, 12 cup pasta water reserved, Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Sausage and Roasted Vegetable Penne, picturelink: Zaf6862kW8xyryaqIbWkdhnvlPuOE8e}, 50977: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F. Generously butter heavy large baking pan. Mix warm popcorn and almonds in prepared pan. Place in oven while preparing syrup.nCombine brown sugar, butter and corn syrup in heavy medium saucepan. Whisk over mediumlow heat until sugar dissolves and butter melts. Attach clipon candy thermometer to side of pan. Increase heat to high and boil without stirring until thermometer registers 255 degrees F, occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush, about 4 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla extract, salt and baking soda mixture will bubble. Gradually pour syrup over popcorn and nuts completely.nBake until caramel feels dry, stirring frequently, about 1 hour 30 minutes. Remove from oven. Using metal spatula, scrape mixture from bottom of pan to loosen. Cool completely in pan. Can be prepared 1 week ahead. Store in airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup popcorn kernels, freshly popped, 2 cups roasted peanuts, 1 14 cups packed golden brown sugar, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda], title: Caramel Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 50978: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the goat, allspice, garlic, onion, peppers and thyme. Sprinkle the curry and seasoning salt over the mixture and mix well.nPlace the bowl in the refrigerator to marinate for overnight, about 12 hours.nAfter marinating, place the mixture into a pot and add water just under the level of the meat. Cover the pot and cook over high heat for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, lower the heat to medium and cook for another 1 to 1 12 hours. Use a long spoon to stir the meat from bottom to the top every 15 to 20 minutes until the heat is turned down.nWhen the meat can be cut easily with the spoon, it is fully cooked. Remove from the heat and let the meat sit so the oil from the meat can rise to the top. Skim off the oil and discard.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [5 pounds frozen goat meat, defrosted, 7 to 8 whole allspice, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 to 2 Scotch Bonnet peppers, 12 sprig fresh thyme, 1 cup spicy curry powder, 2 tablespoons seasoning salt, such as Lawrys], title: Curry Goat, picturelink: null}, 50979: {instructions: I think the taste and the texture of buns are best when lightly toasted. To toast a bun on a grill, grill pan, or griddle, split the bun open, place it cut side down on the grill, and grill until light golden brown, about 10 seconds. Alternatively, you can place the split bun halves cut side up on a baking sheet and cook them under a preheated broiler until light golden brown, about 30 seconds. Keep a close eye on them and dont let them get too brown or else that texture will take on a life of its own and defeat the purpose of starting with a soft bun., ingredients: [], title: Toasted Burger Buns, picturelink: null}, 50980: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F 220 degrees C.n2. In a saucepan, combine chicken, carrots, peas, and celery. Add water to cover and boil for 15 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and set aside.n3. In the saucepan over medium heat, cook onions in butter until soft and translucent. Stir in flour, salt, pepper, and celery seed. Slowly stir in chicken broth and milk. Simmer over mediumlow heat until thick. Remove from heat and set aside.n4. Place the chicken mixture in bottom pie crust. Pour hot liquid mixture over. Cover with top crust, seal edges, and cut away excess dough. Make several small slits in the top to allow steam to escape.n5. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until pastry is golden brown and filling is bubbly. Cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves  cubed, 1 cup sliced carrots, 1 cup frozen green peas, 12 cup sliced celery, 13 cup butter, 13 cup chopped onion, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 1 34 cups chicken broth, 23 cup milk, 2 9 inch unbaked pie crusts], title: Homemade Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 50981: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over high heat, combine the juices, fennel, coriander and chile and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer 20 minutes, or until reduced by half. Strain through a fine strainer and season to taste with salt and pepper.nMangoGreen Onion Salsa: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper.nHalibut: Season the fillet on both sides, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cover the flesh side with a thin layer of the shredded potatoes, pressing down so it adheres, and sprinkle with the chile powder. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until it begins to smoke. Cook the fillets, potatoside down, until the potatoes are lightly browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, turn the fillets, and cook until done to taste, about 3 to 4 minutes. Pour the mangocarrot broth into a large serving bowl and arrange the fillets in the bowl. Top each fillet with mangogreen onion salsa and serve any remaining salsa on the side., ingredients: [2 cups fresh mango juice or canned mango nectar, 2 cups fresh carrot juice, 1 tablespoon toasted whole fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons toasted whole coriander seeds, 1 habanero chile, Salt and pepper, 1 large mango, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 green onions, finely sliced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped jalapeno, 2 tablespoons freshly squeeze lime juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, 4 halibut fillets, 5 to 6 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 1 large Idaho potato, peeled and finely shredded, 1 tablespoon cascabel chile powder, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Potato and CascabelCrusted Halibut with MangoCarrot Broth and MangoGreen Onion Salsa, picturelink: null}, 50982: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Leaving their skins on, scrub the potatoes with a brush to remove any dirt or blemishes. Dry the potatoes with paper towels or a cloth. Leave whole, cut in half or in quarters, depending on the size of the potatoes. Pour the olive oil into a roasting pan or large cast iron skillet and heat in a 350 degree oven for ten minutes before adding the potatoes. Roast the potatoes for 45 minutes, until crisp. Shake the pan several times during cooking, so that the potatoes roll around to brown evenly. Remove from the oven. Drain the potatoes on paper towels or a cloth to absorb the excess oil, then place in a serving dish. In a saute pan, melt the butter, add the garlic, and saute until light goldenbrown. Add the chopped herbs to the garlic butter, stir together quickly, and remove from the heat. Pour the garlicherb butter over the potatoes, season with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds small potatoes: Red Bliss, small whites, Yukon Gold, Yellow Finns, or Fingerling potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and finely minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Roasted Potatoes with Garlic, picturelink: null}, 50983: {instructions: Put wings in a rectangular baking pan and cook in the oven at 350 degrees F until nicely browned and getting crisp. Mix soy sauce, honey, water, garlic and ginger together in a small bowl and pour over hot wings. Cook until wings are well coated with the sauce. The sauce will become very thick and stick to the wings., ingredients: [2 12 pounds chicken wings, trimmed and separated, 13 cup soy sauce, 35 Tbsp mild honey, to taste, 34 cup water, 4 large garlic cloves, 2 tsp. fresh or dried ginger], title: HoneyGarlic Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 50984: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with parchment paper and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the oats, almonds, wheat germ and cardamom. Pour in the agave and mix well. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mixture to the sheet pan and bake until golden, stirring halfway through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool in the pan., ingredients: [1 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup wheat germ, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 cup dark agave nectar, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Granola Topping, picturelink: tbCug9SesvE5SALjans7Uj0UYDeJxV2}, 50985: {instructions: Make sure all ingredients are ice cold. In a cocktail shaker, add bloody Mary mix and vodka. Add horseradish to your taste. This mixture should taste like a raw oyster and cocktail sauce, so add to the shaker any food item you would add when eating raw oysters, such as hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, lemon, or lime. Shake until the mixture is incorporated.nAfter shucking the oysters, add 1 or 2 raw oysters to a small rocks glass no ice and pour the mixture over the oysters. The world is your oyster., ingredients: [1.5 ounces bloody Mary mix recommended: Whiskey Willies, 1.5 ounce chilled premium vodka, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 or 2 freshly shucked select oysters], title: Whiskey Willies Oyster Shooter, picturelink: null}, 50986: {instructions: Begin by peeling and dicing sweet potatoes. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the potatoes, reduce heat and cook until just tender but still have a little bite. Drain and place in a bowl to cool.nCombine the dressing ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Once potatoes are cool toss with dressing and set aside on salad platter.nCombine ingredients in a large mixing bowl and dress with lemon juice, olive oil, to taste, a splash of soy sauce, and a little salt and pepper. Toss well and place on top of the sweet potatoes to serve as a complete salad., ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, Kosher salt, 12 cup grated carrot, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons mirin rice wine, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups lightly packed Israeli arugula, 12 hothouse cucumber, finely sliced, 1 cup fresh picked cilantro leaves, 1 cup dates, pitted and cut in 12, 2 cups crispy wonton strips, 1 lemon, juiced, Olive oil, Splash soy sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Asian Sweet Potato Salad with Cucumbers, Dates and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 50987: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients. Shape into burger size patties. Grill for 10 to 15 minutes or until desired doneness. If cooking indoors, fry in light olive oil. Serve on your favorite bun with tartar sauce or shrimp sauce or alone with a salad., ingredients: [12 lbs fish any white fish will do, 12 lbs shrimp, 12 scallops, 12 eggs, 1 tbsp mayonnaise, 1 onion, finely diced, 1 scallion, 1 lemon, 121 tsp Dijon mustard, Pinch pepper, Pinch salt], title: A Great Seafood Burger, picturelink: null}, 50988: {instructions: In large pot, add olive oil, garlic, and onion. Saute for 1 minute. Add sausage. Saute, gently stirring for another couple minutes. Add celery heart and combine. Saute for another few minutes. Add tomato puree and 3 12 cups of stock. Season with salt and pepper. Add oregano and parsley stalks.nMix the mashed potatoes with the remaining chicken stock and add to the soup. Simmer 20 minutes, uncovered. Add white wine and bring back to boil. Pour boiling soup into warmed soup bowls and immediately crack one egg into each bowl. Season with a dash of nutmeg. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 3 medium onions, finely diced, 3 ounces of chorizo, finely sliced, 1 12 pounds celery heart, thinly sliced, 4 cups tomato puree, 4 cups hot chicken stock, Salt, Black pepper, 1 sprig of oregano or 14 teaspoon dried, tied in muslin or cheesecloth, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped parsley stalks, 4 tablespoons mashed potato, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 eggs, at room temperature, Nutmeg, to season], title: Crema de Tamate con Ovo, picturelink: null}, 50989: {instructions: In a food processor fitted with the steel blade, puree the ricotta, mascarpone, and half the spinach. Transfer to a medium mixing bowl and reserve.nIn a small skillet or saucepan, melt the butter. Saute the remaining spinach just until wilted, 2 to 3 minutes. Coarsely chop and let cool.nIn a small skillet, toast the pine nuts over medium heat, stirring constantly, about 2 minutes. Cool and fold into the cheese mixture with the cooled spinach, mozzarella, goat cheese, egg, salt, and pepper. Adjust the seasoning, to taste, and set the mousse aside.nCut the pasta dough into 4 pieces. On a surface dusted lightly with flour, with a pasta machine or by hand, roll out the first piece to a rectangle 20 inches long and 4 inches wide, keeping the remaining dough covered until needed. Trim the rectangle as needed to even the sides. Spread 14 of the mousse over the lower part of the length of the dough. Roll the dough over the filling, enclosing it completely, forming a 20inch by 1inch pasta roll. Cut the roll into approximately 1inch pieces, yielding 20 slices. Repeat with the remaining dough and mousse.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the 2 tablespoons of butter and brush 8 4inch tart pans with the butter. Arrange 10 of the pasta slices in a circle, cutside up, in each pan it will be a tight squeeze, but it can be done and sprinkle each circle with grated Parmesan. Set the pans on a baking tray for easier handling and bake for 15 minutes. Invert each of the pasta rounds out of the tart pans onto the tray and continue to bake until both sides are golden brown. This should take another 15 to 20 minutes. The pasta will be crisp.nTo serve, heat the Tomato Garlic Basil Sauce, and spoon a little in the center of each of 10 warmed plates. Set 1 of the rounds on the sauce and serve immediately. Pass the remaining sauce in a small bowl.nIn a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the flour, egg yolks, salt, olive oil, and 2 tablespoons of water. Process until the dough begins to hold together, then stop the machine, and pinch the dough to test it. If its too dry, add up to 1 more tablespoon of water and process until it forms a moist ball. Turn out on a lightly floured smooth work surface and knead by hand, until a smooth ball is formed. Loosely wrap in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nCut the dough into 4 equal pieces. Keep the other pieces covered in plastic while you roll out 1 piece at a time, by hand with a rolling pin or through the rollers of a pasta machine, stretching the dough to the desired thickness.nIf using a pasta machine, set the rollers at the widest opening. Flatten the first piece of dough into a thick strip no wider than the machine, to enable it to pass through the rollers. If necessary, dust the pasta very lightly with flour. Run the pasta through the machine. Fold in thirds, crosswise, and run through the machine again. Repeat this procedure at least twice more, or until the dough is smooth and somewhat elastic. Set the machine to the next smaller opening and run the dough through the rollers.nContinue rolling and stretching the dough, using the smaller opening each time, until the next to the last or the last opening is reached, dusting lightly with flour only as necessary. The strip of dough will be long. If you dont have enough space on your worktable, halfway through the rolling process cut the strip of dough in half and continue to work with each piece separately, keeping the unused dough covered.nAdjust the cutting mechanism to the desired width, cut the noodles, and allow them to dry before cooking. A convenient way to dry pasta is to arrange the cut pasta on a pastry tray sprinkled with flour, preferably semolina flour. As 1 layer is completed, sprinkle flour over the noodles, place a piece of parchment paper over them, and continue layering with noodles and flour. Dry for at least 15 to 20 minutes.nRepeat with the remaining pieces of dough.nPrepare the herb tea: In a very small saucepan, bring 12 cup water to a boil. Add the herbs and bring back to a boil. Lower the heat and reduce to 14 cup. Remove the pan from the heat, cover, and let steep for 15 minutes. Cool.nIn a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the flour, egg yolks, salt, olive oil, and herb tea. Process until the dough begins to hold together, then stop the machine, and pinch the dough to test it. If its too dry, add 1 tablespoon of water and process until it forms a moist ball. Turn out on a lightly floured smooth work surface and knead by hand, forming a smooth ball. Loosely wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nCut the dough into 4 equal pieces. Keep the other pieces covered in plastic while you roll out 1 piece at a time, by hand with a rolling pin or through the rollers of a pasta machine, stretching the dough to the desired thickness.nIf using a pasta machine, set the rollers at the widest opening. Flatten the first piece of dough into a thick strip no wider than the machine, to enable it to pass through the rollers. If necessary, dust the pasta very lightly with flour. Run the pasta through the machine. Fold in thirds, crosswise, and run through the machine again. Repeat this procedure at least twice, or until the dough is smooth and somewhat elastic. Set the machine to the next smaller opening and run the dough through the rollers.nContinue rolling and stretching the dough, using the smaller opening each time, until the next to the last or the last opening is reached, dusting lightly with flour only as necessary. The strip of dough will be long. If you dont have enough space on your worktable, halfway through the rolling process cut the strip of dough in half and continue to work with each piece separately, keeping the unused dough covered.nAdjust the cutting mechanism to the desired width, cut the noodles, and allow them to dry before cooking. A convenient way to dry pasta is to arrange the cut pasta on a pastry tray sprinkled with flour, preferably semolina flour. As 1 layer is completed, sprinkle flour over the noodles, place a piece of parchment paper over them, and continue layering with noodles and flour. Dry for at least 15 to 20 minutes.nRepeat with the remaining pieces of dough.nIn a medium saucepan, heat olive oil. Over mediumhigh heat, saute the onion just until wilted, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Add the tomato paste, and then the tomatoes, cook 2 or 3 minutes, and pour in the chicken stock. Reduce until the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes. Strain into a clean saucepan.nCut the basil leaves into a chiffonade and stir into the sauce. Whisk in the butter, piece by piece, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm., ingredients: [1 pound ricotta, 12 pound mascarpone, 1 bunch about 12 pound spinach, washed, dried, and trimmed, 1 tablespoon 1 ounce unsalted butter, 14 cup pine nuts, 3 cups 12 ounces grated mozzarella, 1 ounce dryaged goat cheese, grated, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 34 recipe 18 ounces Basic Pasta Dough or Herb Pasta Dough, recipes follow, Semolina or allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 cups Tomato Garlic Basil Sauce, recipe follows, 3 cups flour, 8 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, Semolina or allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 12 cup water, 3 cups flour, 5 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon water, if needed, Semolina or allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, peeled, trimmed, and minced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 pounds Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 cup chicken stock, heated, 6 to 8 basil leaves, washed and dried, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pasta Rounds with SpinachRicotta Mousse, picturelink: null}, 50990: {instructions: Heat oil, then saute onions until soft. Add carrots and saute until the onions take on some color. Add mushrooms, then garlic. Saute for 2 more minutes. Meanwhile, mix kasha with eggs and seasonings. Add the kasha egg mixture to the saute pan with the vegetables and cook over medium heat until dry looking and kernels separate. Add stock and cook, covered, until liquid is absorbed and kasha is tender, about 12 minutes,. Mix in bowties. Serve with ketchup andor gravy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, or 1 tablespoon canola oil and 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 1 large carrot, diced into 14inch pieces, 2 cups thinly sliced trimmed creminis stems removed before slicing, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup kasha whole or coarse, 1 egg, Salt and pepper, 2 cups beef stock, chicken stock, vegetable stock, or liquid from simmering 12 ounce of dried porcini mushrooms in 2 12 cups water, or, if all else is unavailable, water, 12 pound bowties, cooked according to package instructions], title: Kasha and Varnishkes, picturelink: qOTxPL8UQ2knJdF9bbG0BJU1TDh8iK}, 50991: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat the cream over medium heat until very hot, just below a simmer. Put the dark and milk chocolates into a medium bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and shake the bowl to settle it let stand 2 minutes. With a small whisk, starting in the center of the bowl, whisk in small circles, working your way outward, until the chocolate is completely melted and the sauce is smooth.nUse warm or at room temperature. Store the leftover sauce in an airtight container for up to 1 week. The sauce can be warmed over low heat in a saucepan before using., ingredients: [1 23 cups heavy cream, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 ounces milk chocolate, finely chopped], title: Chocolate Sauce for Ice Cream, picturelink: jQVIFdcuESMLF5W6ThUvEdFGNHPhGHy}, 50992: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the frozen rolls or frozen bread loaves on a baking sheet to thaw. Cover with a tea towel and let thaw and rise for 2 to 3 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and allow to cook for a couple of minutes. Add the sausage and cook until brown, crumbling the sausage as you stir. Add the Italian seasoning and red pepper flakes. Remove from the skillet and allow to cool on a plate.nIn a separate bowl, combine the ricotta, mozzarella, Parmesan, salt, some pepper, parsley and 2 eggs.nWhen the sausage is cool, stir it into the cheese mixture and set aside.nWhen the rolls are thawed and risen, roll them out on a lightly floured surface until paper thin. Spoon 3 to 4 tablespoons of the filling onto half of the dough circle. Fold half of the dough over itself, and then press the edges to seal.nBrush the surface of each calzone with the beaten egg, and then bake until nice and golden brown, 10 to 13 minutes. Serve with warm Marinara Sauce.nAdd a tablespoon or so of olive oil into a hot pan over mediumhigh heat and throw in the garlic and chopped onions and give them a stir.nNow add the wine or chicken broth, whisking to deglaze the bottom of the skillet. Cook until the liquid reduces by half.nAdd the crushed tomatoes and stir to combine. Add salt and pepper to taste and a pinch of sugar. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes.nToward the end of the cooking process, chop up your fresh parsley and basil and add it to the sauce to taste, stirring to combine., ingredients: [16 whole frozen, unrisen dinner rolls I use Rhodes, can also use frozen bread loaves, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 whole medium onion, diced, 1 pound breakfast or Italian sausage, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 15 ounces whole milk ricotta, 1 12 cups grated mozzarella, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, Black pepper, 2 whole eggs plus 1 whole egg, beaten, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Marinara Sauce, warmed, for serving, recipe follows, Olive oil, 3 to 4 whole cloves garlic, minced, 1 whole small to medium onion, chopped, 12 cup white wine or chicken broth, Three 15ounce cans crushed tomatoes, Salt and ground pepper, Pinch sugar, Fresh parsley leaves, Fresh basil leaves], title: Easy Calzones, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 50993: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: You will need half of the herbs when you start the recipe and half in 2 weeks. It is best to purchase the second half of the herbs when they are needed.nIf using pint jars for storage, you will need 3 jars. If using small wine bottles, each holds approximately 13 ounces therefore, you will need 4 bottles.nPut the water and bleach in a large container. Dunk 12 sprigs of tarragon and 12 chive shoots in the solution, and then rinse in cold water. Pat dry.nHeat the vinegar in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, and heat until vinegar reaches 190 degrees F. Place the herbs in a container large enough to hold the vinegar. Pour the vinegar over the herbs, and after the vinegar has cooled, place the lid on the container. Set in a cool dark place for 2 weeks.nAfter 2 weeks, sanitize the second half of the herbs as previously, rinse, pat dry, and set aside.nSterilize the containers and lids that you will store the vinegar in by immersing them in a large pot of boiling water and boiling for 10 minutes. If using corks, purchase presterilized corks, and then dip them in and out of boiling water 3 to 4 times.nDiscard the old herbs. Strain the vinegar through a sanitized colander or funnel lined with cheesecloth. Divide the fresh herbs among the containers and pour the vinegar over them. Seal and refrigerate. The vinegar may be stored at room temperature for 5 to 6 weeks or in the refrigerator for up to 6 months., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 teaspoon household bleach, 24 sprigs fresh tarragon, 24 fresh chive shoots, 6 cups white wine vinegar], title: Tarragon Chive Vinegar, picturelink: .OabhLjuIjDeT1zQ7DepgnuAuHDyAdG}, 50994: {instructions: Heat the oil in a heavy saucepan, add the onion, and cook over medium heat until it is translucent. Add the meat and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until it is lightly browned on all sides.nIn a small bowl, mix the peanut butter with the cold water and pour it over the meat. Dilute the tomato paste with the hot water, pour the liquid over the stew, and stir well to make sure all the ingredients are well mixed. Add the remaining ingredients, lower the heat, cover, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour, or until the meat is tender. Remove the thyme sprigs and bay leaves. Serve hot over white rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 large onion, minced, 2 pounds lamb stew meat, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 1 12 cups cold water, 13 cup tomato paste, 2 cups hot water, 4 large carrots, scraped and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Mafe Peanut Butter Stew, picturelink: null}, 50995: {instructions: Cook broccoli rabe in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender, about 4 minutes, and drain in a colander. Melt butter in same pot over moderate heat, then cook garlic, stirring, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add broccoli rabe, tossing gently in butter to coat, and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds broccoli rabe 1 bunch, hollow stems discarded, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped], title: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 50996: {instructions: Place the chopped chocolate in a bowl. Scald the cream. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and gently stir to melt all the chocolate. This can be made up to 3 days before and reheated slightly for use. The glaze should drizzled over the puffs when its room temperature, or slightly warm, but still liquid. If the glaze is hot, it will drip too much., ingredients: [6 ounces, high quality semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Chocolate Ganache Glaze, picturelink: null}, 50997: {instructions: Slice the pears in half. Coat with lemon juice to prevent browning.nIn a saucepot, add the sugar and water and bring to a boil to make a syrup. Reduce to a simmer and add the pear halves, cinnamon, nutmeg, honey, and lemon grass. Continue to cook for 10 to 15 minutes or until pears are tender, but not falling apart., ingredients: [2 Asian pears, peeled and cored, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 stalk lemon grass, halved], title: Lemon Grass Spiced Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 50998: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Waffles: Whisk together the flours, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl.nWhisk together the buttermilk, eggs and oil in a separate large bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and whisk until the mixture just comes together. Add the wild rice and fold until just combined. Let mixture rest for 10 minutes.nWhile the mixture is resting, heat the waffle maker. Brush the waffle grates with some of the melted butter and make the waffles according to the manufacturers directions.nFor the Chicken: Whisk together 1 quart of the buttermilk, 2 tablespoons salt and the chile de arbol in a large bowl or large baking dish. Add the chicken, turn to coat, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nStir together the flour, garlic and onion powders, paprika and cayenne in a large bowl and divide among 2 shallow platters. Season generously with salt and pepper. Drain the chicken in a colander and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces a few at a time in the flour mixture and pat off excess, then dip in the remaining 2 cups buttermilk and allow excess to drain off. Dredge in the second plate of flour and pat off the excess. Put the chicken pieces on a baking rack set over a baking sheet while the oil heats.nPour about 3 inches of oil into a deep cast iron skillet the oil should not come more than half way up the sides of the pot. Put the pot over mediumhigh heat and heat the oil to 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Working in batches, add the chicken pieces to the hot oil, 3 or 4 at a time and fry, turning the pieces occasionally, until evenly golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack to drain repeat to cook the remaining pieces.nFor the Butter: Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until combined.nFor the Syrup: In a small bowl whisk together all ingredients.nTo serve: Place waffle on plate, top with 2 pieces of fried chicken, and a dollop of butter. Pour syrup over top., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups wholewheat flour, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups buttermilk, 4 large eggs, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup cooked wild rice rice should be overcooked drained well, Melted butter, for the waffle maker, 1 quart plus 2 cups buttermilk, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol powder, or 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 chickens 3 to 4 pounds each, cut into 8 pieces, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil, for deepfrying, 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 tablespoon pink peppercorns, 3 tablespoons clover honey, Salt and pepper, 1 cup pure maple syrup, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, drained, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard], title: Fried Chicken and Wild Rice Waffles with Pink Peppercorn Butter and MapleHorseradish Syrup, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 50999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nUsing a rolling pin, roll out the pizza dough to a thickness of about 14 inch. Transfer the pizza dough to the lined baking sheet and brush the dough with the melted butter. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons CinnamonSugar and bake until golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. Cool the pizza crust on a wire rack.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, mix together the cheese, cream, lemon juice, and zest.nSpread the cheese mixture over the cooled crust. Top with mixed berries and sprinkle with the remaining CinnamonSugar. Slice like a pizza and serve.nCut the vanilla bean in half, lengthwise. Using the back of a knife, scrape along the inside of the vanilla bean to collect the seeds. Scrape vanilla bean seeds into a small bowl. Add sugar and cinnamon and stir to combine. Set aside in a small serving bowl., ingredients: [1 storebought pizza dough, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 4 tablespoons CinnamonSugar, divided, recipe follows, 2 cups mascarpone cheese, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest from 1 lemon, 2 cups mixed berries, 1 vanilla bean, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon], title: Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: UgYBzcIKThBzxWxfg1mQWSjxZuvLES}}