{51600: {instructions: Combine the eggs, mayonnaise, dry mustard, mustard, seafood seasoning and Worcestershire in a large bowl and whisk together. Add the breadcrumbs and mix to make a creamy consistency. Place the crabmeat in a separate large bowl. Very gently fold the wet mixture into the crabmeat, being careful not to break up any of the big lumps, until the mixture just holds together.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nForm the crab mixture into 8ounce cakes. Lay on the prepared baking sheets, sprinkle with a little melted butter and cook until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [12 large eggs, One 30oz jar mayonnaise, such as Hellmans, 2 ounces dry mustard, 2 ounces mustard, 2 ounces seafood seasoning, 1 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 8 pounds jumbo or colossal lump crabmeat, 1 loaf white bread, crust removed, finely chopped, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted], title: Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 51601: {instructions: In a medium nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggplant and cook until tender, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl. Repeat the procedure with the zucchini, using an additional 2 teaspoons oil, and cooking for 2 minutes. Repeat with the fennel, using another 2 teaspoons oil, and cooking for 2 minutes. Cool the vegetables completely. Add the tomatoes, olives, remaining 4 tablespoons oil, the vinegar, thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper and mix well. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 8 hours.nFor each serving, brush the inside of a large dinner plate with some of the oil. Place 1 tuna slice on the plate and cover with a large piece of strong plastic wrap. Using the flat side of a meat pounder, pound the tuna until it is so thin it covers the inside of the plate. Leaving the plastic wrap intact, refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 8 hours. When ready to serve, carefully peel off the plastic wrap. Brush the tuna with the remaining olive oil and sprinkle with the salt. Spoon the vinaigrette over the tuna, spreading it evenly over the surface. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup 116inch dice eggplant, 13 cup 116inch dice zucchini, 13 cup 116inch dice fennel bulb, 13 cup 116inch dice peeled, seeded ripe tomato, 2 tablespoons finely chopped pitted Nicoise olives, 4 teaspoons highquality red wine vinegar, preferably Chianti, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 18 teaspoon minced garlic, 34 teaspoon fine sea salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, or more as needed, 4 2 12ounce slices sushigrade tuna fillet, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt], title: Carpaccio of Tuna with Nicoise Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 51602: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace oats, flour, cinnamon, butter, salt, vanilla and Truviau00ae Baking Blend in mixing bowl, mix on low speed for 1 minute.nScrape sides of bowl, mix on medium speed for 2 minutes.nPlace 23 of oat mixture into greased 13by9inch baking pan set aside remaining 13 of mixture for topping.nPress oat mixture into bottom of pan to form crust.nFor filling: blend raspberries, Truviau00ae Baking Blend, lemon juice and cornstarch until uniform. Spread over pressed oat mixture.nFor topping, add remaining oatmeal mixture.nBake at 325 degrees F for 35 to 40 minutes until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups oldfashioned oats, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup Truviau00ae Baking Blend, 4 cups raspberries fresh or frozen, 13 cup Truviau00ae Baking Blend, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 13 cup cornstarch], title: Raspberry Oatmeal Bars with Truviau00ae Baking Blend, picturelink: Wx2Tm4398WYTMOtMRLz3KHLVzYFkTJ.}, 51603: {instructions: In a large nonreactive saucepan, crush blueberries with a potato masher or back of a heavy spoon. Add vinegar, sugar, lime and cinnamon and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 20 minutes. Cool slightly and pour into a large bowl. Cover and refrigerate for 2 days to allow flavors to blend.nPlace a wire mesh strainer over a large bowl. In batches, ladle blueberry mixture into strainer, pressing out as much liquid as possible. Discard solids.nPour vinegar into clean glass bottles or jars, and refrigerate, tightly covered, indefinitely. Use in salad dressings or drizzled over chicken or beef., ingredients: [4 cups frozen, thawed or fresh blueberries, 1 quart balsamic vinegar, 14 cup sugar, Lime peel cut in strips from 1 lime green part only, 1 3inch cinnamon stick], title: Blueberry Balsamic Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 51604: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut each hot dog into 4 even pieces. Set aside. Place the eight triangleshaped portions of dough on a lightly floured work surface.nOne at a time, stretch or roll each triangle out slightly, making it into a larger triangle. Cut each piece of dough into 4 long, narrow triangles. Beginning at the base of each of these triangles, roll one hot dog piece up in each until the point of the triangle wraps around the center. Place your blanketed pigs on a large, ungreased baking sheet.nRepeat with remaining ingredients, so that you have 32 pigs in a blanket. Be sure to evenly space them, as the dough will expand while baking.nPlace sheet in the oven and cook until dough appears slightly browned and crispy, about 12 minutes.nServe with mustard for dipping, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 fatfree or nearly fatfree franks about 40 to 45 calories each, 1 package refrigerated reducedfat crescent dough, Flour, for dusting, Mustard, as dip, optional], title: DePudged Pigs in a Blanket, picturelink: null}, 51605: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the filling:nIn a large bowl, combine the peaches, sugar, and cinnamon. Add the cornstarch to a small bowl and whisk in the lemon juice so no lumps remain. Pour the cornstarch mixture over the peaches and toss. Let the peaches sit for 15 minutes while you roll out the pie dough and make the streusel topping.nTo make the topping:nMix the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, allspice, and salt in a large bowl. Blend the butter into the mixture with your fingers until it forms peasize lumps and looks crumbly. Stir in the almonds.nTo assemble:nRoll out the dough an extra inch on a lightlyfloured surface. Place the dough in the bottom of a 9inch pie pan. Crimp edges as desired.nPour the pie filling into the pie shell and sprinkle the streusel topping over the pie. Dot the top with sliced butter. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool before serving., ingredients: [5 large, ripe but firm peaches, peeled, pitted and sliced 3 pounds, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup cornstarch, Juice of 12 lemon, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon allspice, Pinch salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 13 cup sliced almonds, 1 roll storebought pie dough recommended: Pillsbury, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, thinly sliced], title: Peach Crumb Pie, picturelink: QD3OXHXWlTmrboU9wqTVolWl6uLYDC}, 51606: {instructions: Combine the oats, brown sugar, salt, cinnamon and bananas with 5 12 cups water in the slow cooker. Stir to mix evenly.nCover with a lid and cook on low until the oats soften, 6 to 8 hours. Before serving, remove the lid and let the oatmeal cool slightly before stirring. Adjust seasonings, as needed.nServe in bowls topped with fresh berries and banana slices., ingredients: [1 12 cups steelcut oats, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 mediumsize ripe bananas, mashed, plus more for topping, Fresh berries, for topping], title: Slow Cooker Irish Oatmeal with Bananas and Berries, picturelink: null}, 51607: {instructions: Special equipment: 16 toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Mix the shredded cheese, peppers, mayonnaise, mustard and pepper in a medium bowl.nStack 4 slices of the bread on a cutting board. Using a knife or 2 12inch round cutter, trim the bread into football shapes, save the trimmings for another use. Continue with the remaining bread.nLay the bread slices on a rimmed baking sheet and brush with the melted butter. Place in oven and toast until crisp, about 5 minutes.nSpread about 1 tablespoon of the pepper cheese mixture on the bread. Top with some pastrami, a pickle and another slice of bread.nTo make the laces, cut the cheese into 16 long strips. Cut each strip into 1 long and 3 short pieces. Lay the long strip lengthwise on the sandwich, and then the 3 short strips crosswise to make the laces. Repeat with all the strips. Put the sandwiches back into the oven for 2 minutes to set the cheese laces. Secure the sandwiches with a toothpick and serve., ingredients: [1 cup shredded cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend, 13 cup pickled piquant peppers, such as Peppadews, chopped, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 32 slices cocktail pumpernickel bread squares, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 ounces thinly sliced pastrami, 16 bread and butter pickle slices, 1 to 2 slices white cheese, such as muenster or white American you want about a 4inch square slice], title: Pastrami Football Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: RgZhkcvWbEIaBkNjjgLyC16LcxTiGy}, 51608: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nWarm the oil in a medium 10inch nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the asparagus and cherry tomatoes and saute until warmed through. Add the eggs, stir and let cook until firm around the edges. With a spatula, lift the edges and tilt the pan to allow the uncooked portion of the egg to run into the bare pan beneath the spatula. Add the goat cheese and herbs, stir slightly to incorporate, and continue to cook until the edges of the frittata are firm the center will still be jiggly.nTransfer the pan to the broiler and cook until golden brown on top, about 2 minutes. Allow to sit for 2 minutes, then run a knife or a thin spatula around the edge of the frittata. Cut in wedges and serve straight out of the skillet or slide it out of the pan onto a cutting board, cut in wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup cutup cooked asparagus in 1 to 2inch pieces, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 8 large eggs, beaten with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons mix of chopped fresh chives and dill], title: Valeries Brunch Frittata, picturelink: eJPKCf6K9Ek1.P0bgSFuzlU.x7FjEC}, 51609: {instructions: Saute the red onion in the olive oil until lightly caramelized. Add the passion fruit puree, casacabel chile puree, and mango puree to the onions. Reduce the mixture for 2 minutes and add the sherry vinegar. Chill the sauce and set aside. Add the finely sliced scallions to the chilled mixture and mix well. Season and serve warm., ingredients: [12 red onion, julienned, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons passion fruit puree, 1 teaspoon rehydrated and pureed cascabel chile, 2 tablespoons mango puree, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 scallions, finely sliced, Salt and pepper], title: Twisted Hot Sauce, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 51610: {instructions: Put the flour in a large bowl. Put the crushed chips in another large bowl and whisk the eggs in a third bowl. Toss the drumsticks in the flour. One at a time, dip each drumstick in the beaten egg and dredge in the crushed chips, turning to coat. Place on a baking sheet until ready to fry.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Fill a large pot with 3 inches of vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the drumsticks until golden and cooked through, about 15 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt. Let the oil return to 350 degrees F between batches.nArrange the drumsticks on a large ovenproof platter and sprinkle with the cheese. Bake until the cheese melts, about 4 minutes. Top with salsa, guacamole and pickled jalapenos.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 9ounce bag tortilla chips about 7 cups, finely crushed, 4 large eggs, 12 medium chicken drumsticks about 3 12 pounds, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups grated cheddar, jack or muenster cheese, Fresh salsa, guacamole and sliced pickled jalapenos, for topping], title: Nacho Chicken Drumsticks, picturelink: S8vaDZqAHWa9i58EIztBSsBVhrh3y9i}, 51611: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Warm a little clarified butter in casserole dish on stovetop over high heat. Add pineapple to cover base. Cover pineapple with neck and giblets and dribble in any juices from pheasant. Chop wings and add to dish. Cook, turning pineapple to color on both sides.nSeason inside and outside of bird with salt and pepper. Truss bird and place on top of ingredients in casserole. Cover and cook for 5 minutes on high heat. Loosen any stuck pieces of pineapple and pour in pineapple juice. Brush bird with clarified butter and place in oven, uncovered, for 1 hour. Baste during cooking to keep bird moist. After 1 hour, cover bird with brown paper or buttered parchment paper and cook another 20 minutes.nRemove bird from casserole. Skim off top layer of fat juices, and strain dark residue collected in pan to a separate small pot. Bring this to a boil. Blend arrowroot and 12 cup wine. Add this to pot, along with remaining wine. Boil until arrowroot thickens and clears.nCarve pheasant and transfer to heated serving platter. Coat pieces with sauce and garnish with watercress and potatoes., ingredients: [Clarified butter, 2 pounds pineapple, cored and cut into 12inch rings, 1 2 12 pound pheasant, neck, giblets, and wings reserved, cavity rinsed well and thoroughly dried, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 cup unsweetened pineapple juice, 2 teaspoons arrowroot, 12 ounces red wine, Watercress, Wafflecut, fried potatoes, to garnish], title: Roast Pheasant Trident Villas, picturelink: null}, 51612: {instructions: In a large pot combine about 12 gallon water with beans, 12 cup oil, rosemary, garlic and salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and allow to simmer, uncovered, for about an hour or until beans are very soft. Add more water during cooking if necessary.nRemove wooden rosemary sprig. Let bean mixture cool to room temperature.nIn a food processor, puree beans while adding remaining oil in a stream. Process to desired consistency. Remove to a bowl.nAdd red pepper and eggplant and fold together. Reseason with salt and pepper if necessary. Garnish with rosemary, ingredients: [1 pound small navy beans, washed and picked over, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 cup roasted chopped red bell pepper, 12 cup grilled and chopped eggplant], title: White Bean and Grilled Vegetable Puree, picturelink: null}, 51613: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE apples, caramel syrup and toffee bits set aside.nLAY phyllo pastry sheets flat under a sheet of plastic wrap. Place a slightly damp kitchen towel over the plastic wrap. Removing one sheet of pastry at a time, spray completely with cooking spray. Top with another sheet of phyllo pastry spray with cooking spray. Repeat until four sheets of phyllo are stacked.nCUT the stacked pastry into 2 equal rectangles. Place 13 cup apple mixture 1 inch from a short edge of the dough. Fold long edges in about 12inch, then roll, beginning with filling end, until a cylinder eggroll shape is formed. Repeat with other half of dough. Repeat with remaining sheets of phyllo and apple filling.nPLACE each roll on prepared baking sheet. Spray tops of each roll with cooking spray. Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until pastries are golden brown. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.nPLACE 2 rolls on each of 4 dessert plates drizzle with caramel sundae syrup and serve with vanilla ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Butter Flavor NoStick Cooking Spray, 3 large baking apples, such as Granny Smith, peeled, cored, and finely chopped, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Sundae Syrupu2122 Caramel Flavored Syrup, 12 cup toffee bits, 16 sheets phyllo pastry available in the freezer section of many grocery stores, Vanilla ice cream optional], title: Caramel Apple Pastries, picturelink: ftwehhWbNyUMhoBD3.ZNPICS3dkjS}, 51614: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven 450 degrees F.nIn a large stock pot of boiling salted water, blanch broccoli florets for 3 minutes. Remove from water and shock in a large bowl of ice water. Remove from ice water and drain on a paper towel lined platter. Set aside.nUsing a plastic bag, crush crackers. Add the thyme, oregano, paprika, cayenne, pepper and melted butter until well combined. Set aside.nIn a large casserole dish lightly greased with butter add broccoli and cheeses. Pour cracker topping on top of cheese and broccoli. Wrap with foil and bake for 15 to 20 minutes in oven.nRemove from oven. Take foil off and allow to rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds frozen broccoli florets or fresh blanched broccoli florets, drained, 4 cups crumbled crackers recommended: Ritz crackers, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 stick melted butter, 1 pound Velveeta cheese, cubed small, 1 pound Camembert, sliced thin, Nonstick cooking spray], title: BroccoliCheese Casserole, picturelink: WeFs8lrB74Z1vzJLteOWBk1CVj9CG}, 51615: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray.nMelt the chocolate, butter and oil in a medium bowl in the microwave until completely melted, about 1 minute. Whisk the mixture until smooth. Stir in the orange zest and cool slightly.nWhisk the sugar, egg and yolk until pale in a medium bowl. Whisk in the melted chocolate mixture. Stir in the flour and vanilla until smooth. Divide the batter among four prepared muffin tins. Bake the cakes until just barely dry on top they will be soft in the middle, about 12 minutes. Remove the cakes from the oven and cool, about 5 minutes.nGently flip the cakes onto a plate. Sprinkle the cakes with sea salt and top with the orange supremes. Drizzle with a bit of oil., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 34 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Zest of 1 orange, 14 cup sugar, 1 whole egg, plus 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Sea salt, for sprinkling, 1 orange, segments cut into supremes], title: Orange Chocolate Lava Cakes, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 51616: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnPreheat the waffle iron to the regular setting.nFor the waffles: Toss together the zucchini and carrots in a bowl. Mix the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt in a separate bowl, then toss with the zucchini and carrots to coat them.nIn a separate pitcher, mix the buttermilk, melted butter, granulated sugar, vanilla and eggs. Pour the buttermilk mixture over the zucchini mixture, stirring gently.nFor the syrup: Mix together the cream cheese, powdered sugar, maple syrup and vanilla in a bowl. Add enough milk to thin it to a syrup texture. Set aside. If your syrup is lumpy, you can strain it for a smoother finish.nSpray the waffle iron with nonstick cooking spray and scoop in the batter. Cook until golden, about 5 minutes depending on your waffle iron. Repeat with the remaining batter.nServe the waffles drizzled with the cream cheese syrup., ingredients: [2 cups grated zucchini, squeezed with paper towels, 2 carrots, peeled and grated, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 cups buttermilk, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the waffle iron, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, About 12 cup milk, at room temperature], title: Zucchini Bread Waffles, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 51617: {instructions: In a deep nonstick skillet set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the mustard seeds and the cumin seeds, and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the gingerroot and garlic, and cook, stirring, 1 minute more.nAdd the onion and green bell pepper to the seasonings and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes.nAdd the green beans, tomatoes, and salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more.nAdd the water, bouillon cube, and salt to taste, bring to a boil, stirring, and add couscous. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until liquid is just absorbed.nRemove from heat, cover, and let stand 5 minutes. Before serving stir in lemon juice and cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon minced gingerroot, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 onion, minced, 1 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 cups green beans, 4 firm, ripe tomatoes, cut into 1inch pieces, Salt, to taste, 2 cups water, 1 chicken bouillon cube, 1 23 cups couscous, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, Minced fresh cilantro, to taste], title: Couscous Upma, picturelink: null}, 51618: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and melt the butter into the oil. Add the garlic, onions, 1 apple and the ginger and season with salt and pepper. Cook until tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the coriander, cumin, turmeric and ground mustard and cook, stirring, until fragrant. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the stock and simmer until thickened to the consistency of a light sauce, about 20 minutes. Stir in the chicken.nPut the remaining apple in a food processor with the yogurt, cilantro and mint. Pulse to combine. Add the cardamom and the juice of 1 lime and season with salt and pepper. Whizz to combine. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo serve, prepare the rice according to the package directions. Cut the remaining lime into wedges. Heat a griddle or grill pan over mediumhigh heat and splash some water on it, then grill the naan and brush with melted butter. Ladle the mulligatawny into shallow bowls and top with the rice and a dollop of raita. Serve the naan and lime wedges on the side.nPut the chicken in a very large stockpot or divide between 2 pots if necessary. Add the peppercorns, garlic, bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemons, onions and herb bundle and sprinkle with salt. Add enough water to cover the chicken. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and cook at a rolling simmer for 1 12 hours. Remove the chicken from the liquid and let cool. Strain the stock. You should have 5 to 6 quarts stock. Remove the skin and bones from the chicken, and shred the meat using your hands or 2 forks., ingredients: [1 tablespoon EVOO, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 cloves garlic, grated, 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 green apples, peeled and grated, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 cups chicken stock, 4 cups shredded Poached Chicken Breasts, recipe follows, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, plus a few more for garnish, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 limes, 1 12 cups basmati rice, Plain or regular naan bread, Melted butter, for brushing, 4 whole bonein, skinon chicken breasts for all white meat or 3 whole 4pound chickens for a mix of white and dark meat, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 large bay leaves, 4 carrots, coarsely chopped, 4 stalks celery, coarsely chopped, 2 lemons, sliced, 2 onions, quartered, Herb bundle of fresh parsley, rosemary and thyme tied with kitchen string, Kosher salt], title: Mulligatawny and Green Raita, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 51619: {instructions: In a casserole or large pot of boiling salted water, add the crabs and cook them for about 1 minute, or until no longer moving. Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle.nTo clean the crabs pull off top shells pull and twist off each apron remove gills. With sharp knife cut crabs into quarters, rinse and drain.nIn mortor and pestle or small food processor pound or process chiles, garlic, shallots and ginger with a little oil if necessary.nCombine all sauce ingredients.nHeat a wok over moderately high heat. Add 2 tablespoons oil and heat until hot. Add chili and garlic paste and stirfry 1 minute. Add crabs and stirfry 2 to 3 minutes or until shells turn red. Add sauce ingredients, bring to boil and simmer, covered, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer crabs to serving dish.nBring sauce in wok to a boil. Stir cornstarch mixture and add to wok. Simmer until thickened. Gradually add eggs in a stream, whisking, and cook for 1 minute. Pour sauce over crabs and garnish with scallion., ingredients: [2 large live Dungeness crabs, each about 1 14  1 12 pounds, 1012 fresh red chiles, stemmed, seeded and chopped or 6 dried Asian chiles 3 inches long, stemmed, seeded, chopped and soaked in warm water to cover for 10 minutes, drained, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, or to taste, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon finely grated gingerroot, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus additional, 12 cup ketchup, 1 12 cups water, 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, such as Nam Pla, 13 cup Thai sweet chile sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch combined with 2 tablespoons water, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons sliced scallion for garnish, Slices of white bread as an accompaniment, if desired], title: Chili Crab, picturelink: null}, 51620: {instructions: Place the beef in a bowl, add with curry powder, sugar, cilantro, scallions, garlic, chiles, cumin, salt, and pepper, and mix well. Form into 4 8ounce patties. Place patties on grill and grill to desired doneness. Place scallion pieces and shiitake caps on the grill and brush with the teriyaki sauce and grill until well charred.nServe burgers on sesame buns topped with grilled scallion and shiitakes and more teriyaki sauce, if desired., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 12 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 4 teaspoons scallions, cut into 18inch rings, 1 cup chopped garlic, 2 Thai bird chiles, minced, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, Salt, Pepper, 2 bunches scallions, cut into 3inch long pieces, 8 shiitake mushroom caps, 14 cup teriyaki sauce, 4 sesame hamburger buns], title: Asian Burger, picturelink: null}, 51621: {instructions: Cut salmon into serving portions. Pound to one eighth of an inch. Rub with oil, salt, and pepper. Place salmon on large heat proof plate. Broil the salmon for 5 to 8 minutes until just cooked through.nIn a bowl, combine ingredients for the vinaigrette. Mix caviar and minced chives into the vinaigrette.nHeat a pot of oil. Fry lotus chips.nPlate salmon with baby greens and vinaigrette. Top with fried lotus chips., ingredients: [1 pound cleaned salmon fillet, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 cucumber peeled, seeded, and finely diced, 1 tablespoon finely minced lemon grass from root end, 1 tablespoon finely minced ginger, 2 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 ounces salmon caviar, 3 tablespoons chips minced chives, 1 lotus root, thinly sliced, 2 cups pure vegetable oil, Baby greens], title: Paillard of Scottish Salmon with a Lemon Grass, Cucumber, and Salmon Caviar Vinaigrette and Lotus Root Chips, picturelink: null}, 51622: {instructions: Peel and cook potatoes until well done. Then, mash cooked potatoes while still hot, and add lard, butter, salt, and cream. Mix ingredients together until smooth. After potato mix has cooled down, add flour and mix with hands if dough feels too soft, add flour or if dough feels too hard add cream. Form dough into a long roll or a round ball about the size of a tennis ball. Place into the refrigerator.nHeat griddle to 450 degrees F or more.nRemove dough from refrigerator, and roll onto wellfloured cutting board until thin. Use a lefse stick or a long spatula to move the dough to the griddle. Watch closely, and when the sheet is bubbly all over, flip over and cook the other side. You may turn more then once to get the correct browning. Place the cooked lefse on a cloth and cover with another cloth. Add lefse in stacks of 6 and turn over after 6th one has been placed on top. When finished let cool before packaging.nServe with brown or regular sugar or butter. Add a thin slice of meat instead of sugar or butter for something different., ingredients: [6 medium potatoes should be about 5 cups when mashed, 13 cup lard, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 13 cup cream, 3 cups flour], title: Lefse, picturelink: null}, 51623: {instructions: Frying method:nHeat a  inch oil in a large skillet. Stack tortillas and cut into 6 pieces with 3 cuts of a knife. Carefully place tortilla pieces into oil and fry until they puff. Remove from oil and let drain on paper towels.nBaking method:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Brush whole tortillas with oil and cut into chips. Place on baking sheet and bake in oven for 5 minutes. Flip tortillas and bake for 5 more minutes. Cool and store in airtight container., ingredients: [6 corn or flour tortillas, Oil], title: Homemade Tortilla Chips, picturelink: null}, 51624: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and throw in the mushroom caps. Toss them around for 1 minute, and then remove to a baking dish and set aside.nTo the same skillet, add the olives, parsley, sundried tomatoes, garlic and a splash of white wine. Stir all together and cook for 1 to 2 minutes to release all the flavor. Then remove from the heat. Stir in the pine nuts.nPlace a chunk of mozzarella inside each mushroom cap. Then pour the sundried tomato mixture over the top.nPut the baking dish in the oven and bake until the cheese has melted, about 15 minutes.nSprinkle with the chopped basil and serve the mushrooms straight out of the oven or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 stick butter, 24 ounces white button mushrooms, washed, stems removed, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 5 sundried tomatoes, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Splash of white wine, optional, 14 cup pine nuts, roughly chopped, 16 ounces mozzarella, cut into bitesize chunks, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: SunDried Tomato Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: kt5fdHWv4wEs.Ooukc5ZnJMTFFQYY5W}, 51625: {instructions: Heat oil in heavy medium saucepan over medium heat, saute artichokes until browned add garlic, cook 1 minute. Add lemon juice and butter whisk until butter melts. Season with salt and pepper. Serve artichokes warm with seasoned butter., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 bag frozen baby artichokes, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons butter], title: Artichokes with LemonGarlic Butter, picturelink: null}, 51626: {instructions: A fresh tomatobasil relish tops this simple chicken dish. The broccoli takes only minutes to cook in a microwave oven. Its topped with toasted almonds.nMix tomatoes, onions, sweet pimientos, and basil together in a small bowl. Add vinegar and toss to mix. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nPlace chicken between 2 pieces of waxed paper or aluminum foil and flatten with a meat mallet or the bottom of a heavy skillet to 12inch thick.nHeat a large nonstick skillet on mediumhigh heat and spray with olive oil spray. Add chicken and saute 3 minutes per side. Sprinkle salt and pepper, to taste, on the cooked sides. Divide between 2 dinner plates and spoon the tomato relish on top.nHeat a nonstick skillet on medium heat and add almonds. This can be done in the same skillet used for the chicken. Saute 1 minute or until almonds are golden, not brown. Remove and set aside.nSteam the broccoli in a collapsible steamer, set up in a pot filled with 1 inch of water. Alternatively, place broccoli in a microwavesafe bowl and microwave on high for 4 minutes. Remove and add oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss well. Sprinkle almonds on top., ingredients: [12 cup diced plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 14 cup sliced, drained sweet pimientos, 14 cup snipped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Olive oil spray, Toasted Almond Broccoli, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons sliced almonds, 12 pound broccoli florets 4 cups, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tuscan Chicken with TomatoBasil Relish and Toasted Almond Broccoli, picturelink: vHqfiIij7StWSrfaqEpKKXUDPL5p8q}, 51627: {instructions: Special equipment: six 8inch round cake pans a pastry bag fitted with a large round tipnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray the bottom and sides of six 8inch round cake pans dust with flour and tap out excess.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the butter, sugar and oil in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then the vanilla seeds, until combined.nTransfer the creamed mixture to a very large mixing bowl, then alternate folding in the flour mixture and the milk with a spatula, adding the flour in 3 additions and the milk in 2, starting and ending with the flour, just until smooth. Divide the batter equally among 6 mixing bowls. Using gel food colors, tint each bowl with one of the colors of the rainbow. Pour each color into its own prepared cake pan.nBake, rotating the pans halfway through, until a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans on a rack for 10 minutes, then remove the cakes to the rack to cool completely.nLevel the tops of any cake layers that have domed by slicing the domes off with a serrated knife. Put some buttercream into a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip. Put the bottom cake layer onto a cake plate. Pipe around the edge of the cake layer to create a frosting dam. Fill the center with a thin layer of jam about 12 cup. Top with another cake layer and repeat until you have stacked and filled all the layers. Frost the outside of the cake with the remaining buttercream and decorate as desired.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, combine the confectioners sugar, butter, milk, vanilla seeds and salt. Beat on low speed for a while. When the sugar is incorporated, turn the speed up and beat until the buttercream is fluffy and smooth. If its too wet, add a bit more confectioners sugar. If its too stiff, add a bit more butter. Be sure to scrape the sides of the bowl once or twice to make sure everything is combined.nUse immediately or store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 24 hours or in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Rewhip cold buttercream before using., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 5 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pans, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 10 large eggs, at room temperature, Seeds from 2 vanilla bean pods, 2 12 cups milk, Gel food coloring in red, orange, yellow, green, blue and purple, 6 cups American Buttercream 1 12 recipes, recipe follows, 2 12 cups seedless raspberry jam, 6 cups confectioners sugar, or more as necessary, 4 sticks 2 cups butter, softened, or more as necessary, 14 cup whole milk, Seeds from 1 vanilla bean pod, Pinch kosher salt], title: Rainbow Cake, picturelink: syUNYQFj3Gsq1gPbEmodWmkoj3vr4T2}, 51628: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the pineapple, kiwi, cilantro, jalapeno, and lime juice and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season both sides of the pork slices with salt and pepper. Rub the chili powder into both sides of the pork. Add the pork to the hot pan and sear 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Serve the pork with the salsa spooned over the top., ingredients: [1 cup diced pineapple fresh or canned in juice, 1 cup peeled and diced kiwi about 2 or 3 whole kiwi, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound leftover roasted pork tenderloin, sliced crosswise into 1inch thick slices, 1 tablespoon chili powder], title: PanSeared Pork with PineappleKiwi Salsa, picturelink: l4DBkrdHBTOgPgpgkBU9LMJT33neR96}, 51629: {instructions: Heat the cream and butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the chocolate, stirring, until its melted and smooth. Remove from heat and cool to room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 pound semisweet chocolate, chopped in chunks], title: Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51630: {instructions: Cover the potatoes with cold water in a large saucepan and cook until almost tender. Drain and dry the potatoes. Cut each potato lengthwise into quarters. Place the potatoes on a baking sheet and brush both sides of the potatoes with oil. Combine the chili powder, salt, and cumin in a small bowl, and sprinkle over the potatoes. Grill the potato wedges for 3 to 4 minutes per side until golden brown. Serve with ketchup., ingredients: [3 pounds Idaho potatoes, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Ketchup, for serving], title: Seasoned Grilled Fries, picturelink: 04fjkhtOXrvdOwmb4CE4hnUfQi66YWC}, 51631: {instructions: In a saucepan, warm the peanut butter and milk then whisk to combine. In a mixer with a whip attachment, whip the cream, powdered sugar, and vanilla until medium peaks. Bloom the gelatin in the water and add to the warm peanut butter. Strain into a bowl and fold in the whipped cream mixture. Pour into flexi dome molds and freeze overnight.nPop the frozen peanut butter mousses out of the molds and place on a wire icing rack. Ladle the ganache over to coat. Remove from the rack with a spatula and place on parchment paper in the refrigerator until set, about 10 minutes.nGarnish mousse with a pinch of chopped peanuts on the top and serve with caramel red wine sauce.nHeat the cream and pour over the chopped chocolate. Whisk to combine.nIn a saucepan boil sugar and water together to make a light caramel. With a wooden spoon stir in the red wine, slowly. Chill., ingredients: [23 cup peanut butter, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 12 to 2 teaspoons gelatin, 2 tablespoons water, Chocolate ganache, recipe follows, Caramel red wine sauce, recipe follows, Chopped peanuts, for garnish, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 pounds 5 12 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 12 bottle red wine], title: Peanut Butter Mousse, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 51632: {instructions: For the Cuban Coffee Flan:nPlace sugar in large saute pan on mediumhigh heat stirring for 8 minutes until caramel is dark. Incorporate all ingredients together in a mixer on medium speed for 3 minutes. Strain through a fine strainer, place in pan with caramel. Cover pan with aluminum foil and place in a water bath on medium heat for 1 hour and 20 minutes. Place in cooler to cool down for about 1 12 hours. Scoop out 1ounce portions for serving, and wrap for transport.nFor the Butter Cookie Crust:nPlace parchment paper on a sheet pan. In mixer bowl combine the cake mix and butter together on high for 1 minute. Pour into the sheet pan, and bake according to box directions. Place in cooler. Cut 100 2inch rounds and wrap for transport.nFor the Chocolate Decadence:nPlace powdered sugar and cream cheese in a mixer for 3 minutes until whipped and creamy. Add whole eggs and melted butter and whip for another minute. Then add melted chocolate and vanilla extract and mix for another minute, place in a 2inch deep pan that has been sprayed with nonstick spray and bake in a preheated 300 degree F oven for about 30 minutes. Place in cooler to cool down. Place in pastry bag and prepare for transport.nFor the Chocolate Ganache:nIn a mixing bowl combine chocolate and heavy cream until its of ribbon consistency. Place in pastry bag and prepare for transportnFor the Whipped Cream:nIn a cold stainless steel mixing bowl add heavy cream and mix until soft peaks form. Add powdered sugar and vanilla and mix on high for 1 minute until stiff peaks form. Place in piping bag and prepare for transport.nFor the Macadamia and Walnut Pralines:nIn a large skillet on high heat, place white sugar and brown sugar cook on high approximately 6 minutes until golden brown. Add butter, banana liqueur and brandy. Add heavy cream, macadamia nuts and walnuts and reduce for about 4 minutes or until a dark brown caramel color has formed. Continue stirring and keep a good eye on it. Place on sheet pan lined with parchment paper to cool. Wrap for transport.nAssembling Dessert:nPlace butter cookie crusts on sheet pan, pipe ganache on bottom layer, followed by 1ounce scoop of flan, pipe 1ounce chocolate decadence onto flan. Add 1ounce scoop of praline, top with whipped cream and garnish with 12 raspberry and edible orchid leaf., ingredients: [1 pound or as needed for pan sugar, caramelized and poured 2inches deep into a large saute pan, 12 8ounce cans sweetened condensed milk, 12 8ounce cans evaporated milk, 72 egg yolks, 5 ounces pure vanilla extract, 4 Tahitian vanilla beans, 1 ounce lime juice, 4 shots coffee, 4 espresso shots, 2 2pound boxes butter cake mix, 1 12 pounds unsalted butter, 1 box powdered sugar, 8 pounds whipped cream cheese, 6 whole eggs, 6 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 4 pounds chocolate, melted, 4 ounces pure vanilla extract, 50 raspberries, cut in 12, 100 edible orchid leaves, 8 pounds melted chocolate, 6 cups heavy cream, 12 gallon heavy cream, 34 box powdered sugar, 3 ounces pure vanilla extract, 34 pound white sugar, 34 pound brown sugar, 14 pound butter, 2 ounces banana liqueur, 2 ounces brandy, 12 cup cream, 12 pound macadamia nuts, 12 pound walnuts, Raspberries and edible orchid leaves, for garnish], title: Sinful Forbidden Dancing, picturelink: null}, 51633: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPour 2 tablespoons of the oil into a wellseasoned 9inch castiron skillet see Cooks Note and place over mediumhigh heat. Pour the cornmeal into a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the cornmeal and add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. With a fork, stir in enough of the buttermilk to make a batter that is thick but can be easily poured into the hot skillet. You may not need all 3 cups.nCarefully pour the batter into the skillet. The oil will come up around the edges. Use the back of a spoon to smooth this over the top of the batter. Continue to heat on the stovetop for 1 minute, then transfer the skillet to the oven and bake the cornbread until browned on top, about 20 minutes. Immediately turn the cornbread out onto a cooling rack to keep the crust crisp., ingredients: [4 tablespoons corn oil or bacon drippings, 3 cups selfrising cornmeal, 2 12 to 3 cups wellshaken buttermilk], title: Buttermilk Cornbread, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 51634: {instructions: In a medium bowl mix chicken, mayonnaise, sour cream, and tarragon until well combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fold in grapes and pecans. Chill for at least one hour. Check seasoning again and adjust, if desired. The chicken salad can be made at least 24 hours in advance. Scoop chicken salad onto a slice of bread. Top with another slice of bread. Cut off crusts, then cut sandwich into desired shape rectangles, triangles, or rounds., ingredients: [4 cups cooked and shredded chicken I roasted 2.5 pounds of bonein breasts, 12 cup goodquality mayonnaise I prefer Dukes or homemade, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon or more to taste, 12 cup chopped red grapes, 14 cup coarsely chopped pecans, Salt and pepper, to taste, Sliced whole wheat bread, for sandwiches], title: Tarragon Chicken Salad Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 51635: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the crust: crumble the graham crackers by hand or with a potato masher to get fine crumbs. Heat the butter in a saucepan or microwave until halfmelted. Work the butter into the crumbs with your fingertips until the crumbs look like wet sand. Using your fingertips, press the crust into a 9inch pie plate or disposable aluminum pie pan to make an even layer over the bottom and sides of the pan. Bake until the crust is a shade darker, about 12 minutes, and let cool completely.nMake the pudding according to the package directions. Let stand about 5 to 10 minutes stirring occasionally to keep a skin from forming on the top of the pudding.nUse a spoon or rubber spatula to scrape the pudding into the graham cracker shell and smooth it into an even layer. Put the tart in the refrigerator until the pudding is chilled and set, at least 1 hour.nMeanwhile, cut the stems off the strawberries and wash with the other berries in a colander under cold water. Drain then spread out on paper towel to dry. You can either arrange the berries nicely over the pudding or just sort of gently tumble them onto it. Cover the tart lightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate. You can make the tart up to 4 hours in advance. Serve cold., ingredients: [12 whole graham crackers, 34 stick 6 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 3.4ounce packages cook and serve vanilla pudding, Milk according to pudding package instructions, 1 pint fresh strawberries, 12 pint fresh blueberries, 12 pint fresh blackberries or raspberries], title: Pudding and Berry Tart with Graham Cracker Crust, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 51636: {instructions: For the sponge moons, line a buttered baking sheet with a piece of parchment paper or foil and butter the paper. In a small bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are foamy, add gradually 6 tablespoons of the sugar, beating, and beat the whites until they just hold stiff peaks. In another bowl whisk together the egg yolks and the remaining 4 tablespoons sugar until the mixture is combined well. Fold the whites in the yolk mixture, sift together the cocoa powder, the flour, and the salt over the mixture, and fold the mixture together gently but thoroughly. Divide the mixture into mounds spaced well apart on the prepared baking sheet and with a rubber spatula spread the mounds carefully, forming 4 6inch rounds. Bake the rounds in a preheated 400 degree oven for 5 minutes, or until they are springy to the touch, let them cool on the baking sheet for 5 minutes, and transfer them with a metal spatula to a rack. While they are still warm drape the sponge rounds over 2 rolling pins suspended between 2 inverted mugs and let them cool completely. Make the filling while the sponge moons are cooling: In a wellchilled bowl with an electric mixer beat the cream, with the banana liqueur, until the mixture just holds stiff peaks, and transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. For the chocolate sauce, combine melted chocolate with heavy cream and mix well. Put each sponge moon on a dessert plate, arrange banana slices inside each one, sauce the top of the flips chocolate, and pipe the flavored whipped cream decoratively over the bananas. Alternatively, the whipped cream may be spooned over the bananas. Dust the filled moons with the confectioners sugar and garnish each dessert with 4 of the reserved banana slices and a mint sprig., ingredients: [Butter, to grease baking sheet and parchment or foil, 4 large eggs, separated, 10 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup wellchilled heavy cream, 2 tablespoons banana liqueur, 2 large bananas, sliced into 24 slices, reserving 8 slices for garnish, 6 ounces melted chocolate, 2 ounces heavy cream, Confectioners sugar for dusting the desserts, 4 mint sprigs for garnish if desired], title: Chocolate Sponge Moon Banana Flips, picturelink: null}, 51637: {instructions: Peel potatoes and cut into 1inch pieces. Place potatoes in saucepan with cold salted water to cover and boil, covered, until very tender, about 15 minutes. Drain in colander. Mash potatoes, add milk, butter and stir until smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 medium sweet potatoes, 34 cup milk, 4 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 51638: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to medium. Melt the butter and sugar in small pot on the grates of the grill. Add the peaches and brown sugar and stir. Remove the peaches and slice each half into quarters. Arrange the peaches over the crust and drizzle with warm dulce de leche. Dollop small spoonfuls of creme fraiche over top and garnish with slivered almonds, cinnamon sugar and mint leaves., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 ripe peaches, halved and pitted, Pizza dough, rolled and grilled on both sides, 1 jar dulce de leche, warmed in small pot on grill grates, Creme fraiche, Toasted slivered almonds, Cinnamon sugar, Mint leaves, torn], title: Grilled Peach and Cajeta Pizza with Toasted Almonds, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 51639: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine all the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Stir in the sausage and cheese. Add the vanilla to the heavy cream in a separate bowl. Slowly begin to incorporate the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until the mixture begins to form a ball in the center of the bowl. On a floured surface roll out the dough to a 12inch thickness and square off the edges with a knife. Cut the dough in 2 by 2inch squares and arrange them 2inches apart on a nonstick cookie sheet. Bake until lightly golden, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven to a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling dough, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 pound cooked crumbled pork sausage, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Cinnamon Sausage Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 51640: {instructions: In a food processor puree all ingredients until smooth. Pour puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids, and chill, covered. Sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. May be served over angel food cake, ice cream, etc., ingredients: [3 cups raspberries, 3 tablespoons Grand Marnier or Eau de Framboise, or to taste, 2 to 4 tablespoons water to taste, 3 to 4 tablespoons superfine sugar], title: Berry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51641: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the soy sauce, oil, sugar, sherry, vinegar, garlic, ginger and red pepper flakes, and stir until the sugar dissolves. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and add the pork tenderloin. Seal the bag and marinate the pork in the refrigerator, turning once, for 12 hour, or up to 8 hours.nPreheat the broiler. Place the pork on a roasting pan and broil for 15 minutes, turning once., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 garlic clove, crushed with a garlic press or minced, 12 teaspoon finely grated fresh ginger, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 pound pork tenderloin], title: Teriyaki Pork Tenderloin, picturelink: yEUtyIKWppFn58Xargi9Qg2bnRe2}, 51642: {instructions: In a large pot with a lid, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter. Add the onion and cook over medium heat until it sweats. Add the garlic, and cook an additional minute. Add the wine and clams, turn up the heat and cook covered until clams open. Remove the clams. Add stock and pepper flakes and bring to a boil. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and flour. Add the parsley and season with salt and pepper.nTo poach the eggs: Fill a large skillet full of water and a few drops of vinegar and bring to a boil. Break the eggs into individual cups and add one at a time to the water. Using a slotted spoon, wrap the whites around the yolks. Cook until done, about 4 minutes.nSpoon some sauce into four shallow bowls, then rim each with the clams. Place a poached egg in the center of each. Serve with chunks of grilled bread., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, finely chopped 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 12 dozen littleneck clams, washed, open ones discarded, 1 cup fish stock, canned clam juice or clam and tomato juice, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon flour, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 extra large eggs, Vinegar for poaching, 4 chunks grilled bread], title: Huevos con Almejas Poached Eggs with Clam Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51643: {instructions: In a small heavy skillet cook the bell pepper in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until it is softened and let it cool. In a large bowl combine the bell pepper, artichokes, mayonnaise, scallion, pimiento, parmesan, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, jalapeno peppers, and celery salt, blend the mixture until it is combined well, and stir in the crab meat gently. Transfer the mixture to a buttered ovenproof 2 quart chafing dish or baking dish and sprinkle it with the almonds. The dip may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nBake the dip in a preheated 375 degree F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the top is golden and the mixture is bubbly. Serve the dip with the pita triangles.nCut each pita loaf into 8 wedges and separate each wedge into 2 triangles. Arrange the triangles rough side up in 1 tight layer in a jellyroll pan, brush them lightly with the butter, and season them lightly with salt. Bake the triangles in the upper third of a preheated 375 degree F oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are crisp and light golden, and let them cool in the pans. The triangles may be made 1 day advance and kept covered in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [1 large green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 14ounce cans artichoke hearts, drained and chopped finely, 2 cups bottled mayonnaise, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, 12 cup drained and chopped bottled pimiento, or roasted red pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 3 bottled pickled jalapeno peppers, or to taste, seeded and minced wear rubber gloves, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 pound crabmeat, thawed and drained, if frozen, picked over, 13 cup sliced almonds, toasted lightly, Pita triangles, recipe follows, 8 large pita loaves, with pockets, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, Salt], title: Hot Crab, Artichoke, and Jalapeno Dip with Pita Triangles, picturelink: null}, 51644: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a 6 to 8quart stockpot, combine the chicken, water, and 2 tablespoons salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat immediately reduce the heat to a very low simmer, and skim the foam from the surface. Add the leek, carrot, and bay leaves and continue to simmer with the chicken until the chicken is thoroughly cooked, about 45 minutes to 1 hour.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nRemove chicken from the broth, and allow meat to cool. Strain the broth and skim the fat. Place the broth in the refrigerator to make it easier to skim.nWhen the chicken is cool enough to handle, pull the meat from the bones and discard the skin. Dice the meat into large cubes refrigerate until ready to use.nReturn the broth to high heat, add the rice and onion and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the rice is almost cooked through, about 20 minutes. Add the chicken and reduce the broth to a low simmer.nIn a medium sized bowl, beat the lemon juice, eggs, and pepper. Ladle 2 cups of hot broth into a measuring cup with a pourable spout. While whisking, slowly pour the 2 cups of broth into the egg mixture. Pour the egg mixture back into the pot with the remaining 1 tablespoon of salt. Stir well to blend. Divide among bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 3 pound free range chicken, 12 cups cold water, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 leek, cleaned and quartered, 1 carrot, peeled and quartered, 2 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups finely diced onion about 1 medium onion, 23 cup arborio rice, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Avgolemeno Chicken Soup with EggLemon Sauce, picturelink: C55e.7t7GqwRdAjpzOFnY6Fk6xi7FB2}, 51645: {instructions: In a large bowl gently but thoroughly combine the ground beef, salt, pepper, cumin, paprika, and chili powder. Gently form the meat into four 6ounce patties, about 12inch thick, and place on a plate. Refrigerate the burgers, covered until needed.nPreheat broiler or grill. Char the chiles on all sides, turning occasionally with tongs, about 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer blackened chiles to a large bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let stand for 30 minutes or until cool enough to handle. Wearing rubber gloves, peel the chiles. Trim off stems, slice in half and discard seeds and ribs. Coarsely chop the chiles.nIn a saucepan heat the oil over moderate heat and cook the onion until soft. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the flour and cook for 2 minutes, stirring to coat. Slowly add the water, stirring to combine, and bring the mixture to a simmer. Stir in the chiles and cook until thickened. Season to taste with salt. Keep warm.nCook the burgers to desired degree of doneness. Top each burger with a slice of cheese and cover, cooking until cheese melts. Transfer each burger to a bun and top with chile mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef sirloin, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 4 fresh Anaheim chiles, 1 fresh poblano chile, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup minced onion, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup water, 4 thick slices Cheddar cheese, 4 hamburger buns], title: Green Chile Cheeseburgers, picturelink: null}, 51646: {instructions: Quarter the lemon and remove any seeds. Separate the flesh from the rind with a knife and finely chop the flesh scoop up the juice and flesh and add them to a wide, 6quart stainlesssteel pot. Thinly slice the rind and add it to the pot.nQuarter the uniq fruits. Separate the flesh from the rind with a knife and finely chop the flesh scoop up the juice and flesh and add them to the pot. Cut the rind quarters in half lengthwise so they are about 1 inch at their widest point. Slice the rind pieces crosswise into thin strips and add to the pot. Add 6 cups of water and cook over mediumhigh heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Allow to cool slightly, then refrigerate the whole pot overnight.nBring the pot back to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce to a simmer, cooking until the rind pieces are tender, about 30 minutes. Stir in the sugar a little at a time until fully dissolved. This will prevent burning on the bottom of the pot. Continue to simmer until the mixture is thickened and glossy and an instantread thermometer reads 220 degrees F, about 35 minutes more. Pour the marmalade into glass jars and cool at least 2 hours before using. Refrigerate, covered., ingredients: [1 lemon, lightly scrubbed in warm water, 2 uniq fruits about 1 12 pounds total, lightly scrubbed in warm water, 3 pounds granulated sugar], title: Uniq Fruit Marmalade, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 51647: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 300 degreesnMix the butter and sugar until creamy. Add the oil and eggs and mix well. Add the flour, baking powder, salt and cinnamon and mix until smooth. Add the milk and mix until smooth. Pour this batter into the 2inch tart molds and bake for 15 minutes.nMix the butter and sugar together until creamy and smooth. Add the milk and mix well. Add any desired food coloring and mix until well blended., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 10 tablespoons sugar, or 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons, 12 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Pinch salt, Pinch cinnamon, 1 cup milk, 1 cup butter, 3 cups powdered sugar, 12 to 34 cup milk, depending on consistency desired, food coloring], title: Mini Pink and Whites, picturelink: null}, 51648: {instructions: Dredge chicken in flour, and lightly saute on both sides. Add garlic and saute until cooked, deglaze with Madeira. Add tomato sauce, bean water and dill, and let simmer and reduce for 3 to 5 minutes. Salt and pepper, to taste.nHeat the beans separately, season with salt and pepper, and serve alongside the chicken.nFry julienned leeks in canola oil, season with salt and pepper.nGarnish dishes with fried leeks., ingredients: [4 chicken breast cutlets, 1 cup allpurpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon diced garlic, 14 cup Madeira wine, 12 cup tomato sauce, 14 cup bean water, water from can of pinto beans, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Salt and pepper, 34 cup pinto beans, 1 cup julienned leeks], title: Pintors Chicken, picturelink: 5pnWYGMxlf9UrhVh5PeaBchxi6.3HBS}, 51649: {instructions: In a large pitcher, add all the ingredients and mix together. Garnish with slices of fresh lemon and lime., ingredients: [1 bottle pilsner, 1 can ginger ale, 1 bottle ginger beer, 12 cup fresh squeezed lemonade, 12 cup fresh squeeze limeade, Lemon slices, for garnish, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Big Daddy Shandy, picturelink: hhB44y.ckVR1tcPfj2qHGbic8oBd.EO}, 51650: {instructions: Soak the skewers in water for at least 30 minutes so they dont burn when grilling. Cut the tuna into 2ounce portions, then peel and devein the shrimp. Place 1 shrimp on each skewer, and then place the skewer through a piece of tuna longways and cap off with 1 more shrimp. In a medium bowl, combine all of the dry herbs and the garlic. Next, add the vinegar and citrus. Finally, slowly whisk in the oil to create a vinaigrette consistency. In a deep dish, add the tunashrimp skewer and top with half of the marinade. Marinate for no more than 25 minutes, or else the acids will cook the fish. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nPreheat a grill or a grill pan.nPlace the marinated skewers on the grill and cook to desired temperature 1 minute per side will cook the shrimp and make the tuna medium rare., ingredients: [4 wooden skewers, 8 ounces yellowfin or ahi tuna, 8 tiger shrimp, jumbo or larger, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried coriander, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground mustard seed, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 cup red vinegar, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 orange, juiced, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Marinated Tuna and Shrimp Brochette, picturelink: null}, 51651: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 500 degrees F.nLay the asparagus on a long double layer of heavyduty aluminum foil. Drizzle with the olive oil and toss to coat. Spread the spears into a single layer. Fold the edges of the foil to make a tray. Roast in the oven for 5 minutes. Carefully toss the spears with tongs and roast just until tender and tips begin to brown, about 5 minutes more. Sprinkle with the zest, salt, nutmeg, and pepper, to taste, and toss to evenly distribute. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh asparagus, 1 to 1 12 inches cut off the bottom, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium lemon, zested, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: 0RvsQxiZMbI9NEISC9x8ZmQksxjbf6}, 51652: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCook bacon in a heavy skillet until crisp. Turn heat down and add onions and celery saute until tender, about 6 minutes. Add the thyme and sage and saute until fragrant. Stir in pecans.nIn a large bowl, add the cornbread mix, bacon and vegetables, and stir in the chicken broth. Add to a 13 by 9 by 2inch casserole dish. Add butter slices to the top of the casserole and cover with foil. Bake for 30 minutes then remove foil and cook until top is crisp, about 15 more minutes., ingredients: [34 pounds bacon, cut into chunks, 2 large onions, chopped, 4 ribs celery, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 2 cups chopped pecans, 2 16ounce bags dried corn bread stuffing mix, 4 cups chicken broth, 12 stick butter], title: Neelys Holiday Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: ivv49byy7y95W2c0An5QHElDKD5rSiS}, 51653: {instructions: Special equipment: cheeseclothnPour 10 cups water into a big stock pot and bring to a boil over high heat. While its coming to temp, throw in the leek, carrot, and hunk of ginger. Place the coriander and peppercorns into a small square of cheesecloth. Tie with kitchen string and add to the pot.nSkin the chicken breasts, remove any excess fat, and throw the chicken breasts into the pot. Allow the whole lot to come to a boil, and then turn it down and simmer, covered, until the chicken is cooked and tender, 20 to 30 minutes.nRemove the chicken and allow to cool. Strain the stock and discard the leeks, carrots, ginger, and cheesecloth sachet.nReturn the stock to medium heat. Add the creamed corn, bouillon cubes, chopped ginger, scallions, and sesame oil. Keep the soup at a gentle simmer while you remove the chicken from the bone and shred finely using a fork. Or you can just slice it really thinly.nTurn up the heat to high and bring the soup to a boil. In a small bowl or measuring cup, mix the cornstarch with the water until smooth. Add half to the soup whilst stirring. Allow to boil until its thickened to the soup consistency of your liking. If it doesnt thicken, add the remaining slurry.nTurn the heat back down to medium. In another small bowl, beat the egg whites with a little water. Stir the soup in circles as you add the egg whites in a steady stream it should form pretty white wisps on the surface of the soup.nAdd the shredded chicken and rice vinegar. Cook for 5 minutes, allowing everything to warm through. Taste for seasoning. Serve with a splash of soy sauce and some of the reserved scallion greens., ingredients: [1 leek, green parts too if you have em, sliced in half and thoroughly washed, 1 carrot, chopped in half, 3inch hunk fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon whole coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 chicken breasts on the bone, with skin, 3 14ounce cans creamedstyle corn, 2 chicken bouillon cubes, crumbled, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh ginger, 4 scallions, chopped finely, white and green parts reserve some green for final garnish, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup cold water, 2 egg whites, 1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Soy sauce, for serving], title: Sweet Corn and Chicken Soup, picturelink: 5EFZHdjliAamt1LhkM1nV16jo.uEvJe}, 51654: {instructions: Combine the parsley, oregano, tarragon, capers, chili flakes, anchovies, garlic and lemon zest in a bowl. Slowly whisk everything together as you drizzle in the olive oil. Let it rest for 1 hour at room temperature, and then add the lemon juice and salt and black pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 cup fresh flat parsley leaves, shocked in ice water, drained and patted dry, finely chopped, 1 cup fresh oregano leaves, shocked in ice water, drained and patted dry, finely chopped, 12 cup fresh tarragon leaves, shocked in ice water, drained and patted dry, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons brinepacked capers, drained, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, 2 saltpacked anchovies, rinsed, dried and finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, zest finely chopped, 2 cups olive oil, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bob McGees Herb Oil, picturelink: null}, 51655: {instructions: To make the lemon butter: Melt the butter over low heat in a small saucepan. Add the lemon juice and white wine. Keep the sauce warm on a corner of the stove.nTo prepare the fish: Whisk the eggs with the heavy cream in a large bowl. Put the flour in a separate bowl. Dredge the fillets in flour shake off any excess then put the fillets into the batter.nHeat the butter in large heavybottomed skillet over medium heat. Lift the sole out of the batter, allow the excess to run off, then gently lay the fillets in the pan. Cook, turning the fish once, until the sole is flaky and the crust is crisp and golden brown, about 3 minutes per side.nWhile fish is cooking, toast the bread and cut each piece in half diagonally corner to corner. Arrange the toast points on 4 plates, 2 per plate. Lift the fish from the pan onto the toast points. Drizzle the fish with lemon butter and serve immediately garnished with a sprig of fresh parsley, if desired., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons white wine, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 6ounce fillets of sole, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 slices white sandwich bread, Fresh parsley sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: The Fish Point Sandwich, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 51656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace potatoes in large bowl and toss with about 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning and rosemary. Grill potatoes 4 to 5 minutes on each side.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, combine oranges and red onion and dress with red wine vinegar and some extravirgin olive oil.nRemove the potatoes from the grill to the dressed oranges and onions, toss to coat. When you grill potatoes they will be slightly drier than when you use other methods of cooking. By adding the potatoes to the dressing while they are hot, they really will soak in the dressing.nWhen ready to serve, add the arugula to the potatoes and toss to distribute., ingredients: [4 large Yukon gold potatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning blend, 2 palm full recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick Grill Mates, 2 tablespoons rosemary leaves, 3 sprigs, stripped and chopped, 2 navel oranges, peeled and chopped, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 45 cups arugula, chopped, 2 bunches, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Grilled Potato Salad, picturelink: IoiZoLsC3UvTIATNETnefE7.gfjmGG}, 51657: {instructions: Whisk eggs and heavy cream together in a large mixing bowl.nTake a large nonstick pan and set over medium heat. When the pan is heated add the butter and spread out evenly over the surface of the pan. Once it starts to foam turn the heat down and add eggs. Using a spatula swirl the eggs quickly in a circular motion as you gently shake the pan back and forth to cook evenly, you dont want any color.nOnce the eggs begin to set, drop the pieces of salmon, small spoonfuls of cream cheese, and green onions over the top. Season with salt and pepper, then as you slide it out onto your cutting board, roll 1 side over the top as you go to form an omelette.nSlice crosswise into portions and serve., ingredients: [8 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 13 pound smoked salmon, torn into large piece, 1 cup cream cheese, room temperature, 4 green onions, finely chopped, garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Salmon and Cream Cheese Omelette with Green Onions, picturelink: mLoPM5EVpeJquzaYDLxiQUAAzdtFxAW}, 51658: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef, breaking it up with a spoon, and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Stir in the cumin, chili powder, garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook 3 minutes. Stir in the ketchup and cook, stirring regularly, until the beef is browned and completely cooked through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the rice and 14 cup water and cook until the rice is heated through, about 3 minutes.nSpray a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Lay the tortillas on the sheet. Divide the beef mixture among the tortillas and top evenly with the mozzarella. Bake until the mozzarella is melted and the tortilla is beginning to brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the quesadillas to individual plates and serve with toppings., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound lean ground beef, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ketchup, One 10ounce bag frozen brown rice or 1 14 cups cooked and cooled brown rice, Cooking spray, Four 8inch wholewheat flour tortillas, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 12 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into thin strips, Shredded romaine lettuce, 12 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, Lime wedges], title: Kids Can Make: A Quesadilla Bar, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 51659: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker 12 way with ice cubes.nAdd the pineapple juice, orange juice, light rum, dark rum, triple sec, lime juice, and grenadine and shake for 20 seconds.nStrain drinks into 2 icefilled glasses and garnish with maraschino cherries and an orange wheel., ingredients: [Ice, as needed, 12 cup fresh pineapple juice, 14 cup orange juice, 2 ounces light rum, 1 ounce dark rum, 1 ounce triple sec, Juice of 1 lime, Dash grenadine, Maraschino cherries, for serving, Orange wheels, for serving], title: Ginas Mai Tai, picturelink: null}, 51660: {instructions: Special equipment: Piping bag with wide star tipnWhile the orange zest offers delicious flavor, it can curdle the whipped cream slightly if left to sit. If that is a concern, then omit the orange zest.nMix together 12 cup of the heavy cream and the mascarpone cheese in a medium bowl to lighten it. Stir in the rum and orange zest, if using. Set aside.nPour the remaining 1 12 cups cream into the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and start to whip on low, slowly adding the sugar when the cream is at soft peaks. Turn off the mixer before it reaches stiff peaks.nGently fold in the lightened mascarpone and the chopped chocolate.nTransfer the filling to a piping bag fitted with the star tip.nPipe into cannoli shells and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 12 cup marscarpone cheese, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons dark rum, Zest of 14 orange, optional, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 to 3 ounces good quality dark chocolate, finely chopped, 6 premade cannoli shells can be purchased empty at a bakery], title: Arthur Avenue Cannoli, picturelink: null}, 51661: {instructions: Clean the fish by removing the gills and the small belly flap, slice all the vegetables thin.nOn the bottom of a long gratin dish place the sliced fennel cover with the fish. Cover the fish with the slices of tomatoes, lemon slices, leaves of basil, add the broth and season to taste. Cook the fish in a 450 degrees oven for about 20 minutes. Drain off some of the natural juices, add to a blender and drizzle with olive oil to emulsify. Drizzle back over fish and serve asis., ingredients: [2 small red snapper about 1 pound, 1 bulb fennel, 2 large tomatoes, 2 lemons, 1 branch basil, 1 cup chicken broth, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 ounces olive oil], title: Oven Roasted Red Snapper with Lemon, Tomatoes and Basil, picturelink: null}, 51662: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the wafers and 1 tablespoon sugar. Process until the wafers are fine crumbs. Melt 3 ounces of the butter and drizzle into the crumb mixture. Pulse to combine. Press this mixture into the bottom, up the sides and just over the lip of a 9inch metal pie pan. Place in the oven on the middle rack and bake for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely.nAfter the crust has cooled, place the peanut butter and remaining 2 ounces of butter into the bowl of the food processor. Process for 1 minute. Add the powdered sugar and vanilla and process for another 1 12 to 2 minutes or until smooth. Carefully spread the mixture into the pie shell and return to the oven to bake for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool while preparing the topping.nPlace the heavy cream into a heatproof bowl and microwave on high just until simmering, approximately 30 seconds. Remove the cream from the microwave and add the chocolate. Make sure the chocolate is completely submersed in the cream. Allow to sit for 2 minutes. Gently whisk until the chocolate is melted and combined with the cream, approximately 2 to 3 minutes.nSpread the chocolate mixture over the pie and chill in the refrigerator for 1 12 hours before serving.nPlace the peanuts, salt and honey into the bowl of a food processor. Process for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl. Place the lid back on and continue to process while slowly drizzling in the oil and process until the mixture is smooth, approximately 1 12 to 2 minutes. Place the peanut butter in an airtight container and store in the refrigerator for up to 2 months.nYield: approximately 1 12 cupsnCooks note: If eating peanuts roasted right out of the shell, use Virginia or Valencia peanuts. If utilizing roasted peanuts to make peanut butter, use Spanish peanuts as they have a higher oil content.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRinse the peanuts under cool water to remove excess dirt. Pat dry and place in a large bowl and toss with the peanut oil and salt until well coated.nPlace on 2 half sheet pans, making sure to spread them out into a single layer. Roast in the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through cooking. Once you remove the peanuts from the oven, let them cool slightly before eating. They will continue to cook and become crunchy as they cool.nIf using peanuts to make peanut butter, remove shells and discard. Remove the skin by rubbing the peanuts together in your hands held over a salad spinner, allowing the peanuts and skins to fall into the bowl. Once the skin has been loosened from all of the peanuts close the salad spinner and spin until all of the skin has been separated from the peanuts.nYield: approximately 2 pounds roasted peanuts in shell, ingredients: [6 12 ounces chocolate wafers, 1 tablespoon sugar, 5 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, divided, 1 batch ABs homemade peanut butter, recipe follows, 3 ounces powdered sugar, approximately 34 cup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 ounces good quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 15 ounces shelled and skinned ABs roasted peanuts, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 pounds inshell raw peanuts, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Peanut Butter Pie, picturelink: null}, 51663: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat the butter over medium heat in a small saucepan until the milk solids begin to brown and butter smells toasted, about 6 minutes remove from heat. Pour 6 tablespoons of the butter into a bowl and set aside. To the remaining 2 tablespoons browned butter left in the pan, whisk in the sugar, cornstarch and salt until it forms a thick paste. Add the milk, bourbon and vanilla, whisking until smooth. Return the saucepan to medium heat and cook, stirring often, until the mixture comes to a boil and thickens to the consistency of loose pudding, about 3 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl keep warm.nFor the pancake: Toast the pecans in a large skillet over medium heat until they smell nutty, about 4 minutes. Transfer the pecans to a cutting board to cool for 5 minutes. Roughly chop enough pecans to measure 12 cup and reserve for garnish. Finely chop the remaining pecans you should have about 1 cup and reserve for the pancake batter.nWhisk the allpurpose and buckwheat flours, the cornstarch, confectioners sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt together in a large bowl. Add the 1 cup finely chopped pecans and whisk again to evenly coat. Whisk the reserved 6 tablespoons browned butter, the milk, vanilla and eggs together in another bowl. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and stir until ingredients are just incorporated and form a thick batter its okay if there are some lumps. Let the batter rest for 5 minutes.nHeat a 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat for 5 minutes. Pour all the batter into the skillet, smoothing the top. Cook until bubbles break on the surface of the pancake, and the underside is golden brown, about 6 minutes reduce heat if pancake is browning too quickly. To flip the pancake neatly, use a spatula to lift the edge of one side of the pancake and carefully slide it, batter side up, onto a large plate. Invert the skillet over the plate then use kitchen towels or oven mitts to carefully invert the plate and skillet together, allowing the pancake to fall back into the pan, cooked side up. Return the skillet to the heat and cook until the second side is golden brown and the pancake is completely cooked through in the middle, about 6 minutes more. Transfer the pancake to a rack and let cool for 5 minutes.nUsing a serrated knife, cut the pancake into 8 wedges, placing 2 wedges on each plate. Dust heavily with confectioners sugar, drizzle with the brown butter sauce and top with reserved roughly chopped pecans., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 23 cup milk, 2 teaspoons bourbon, whiskey or brandy, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups pecan halves about 6 ounces, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 14 cup buckwheat flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, Confectioners sugar for serving], title: Giant PecanBuckwheat Pancake with Brown Butter Sauce, picturelink: qVLFDXJhhCnkZmIRJa3iimfA.cyWJ6}, 51664: {instructions: Whisk together shallots, vanilla bean, bay leaf, salt and stock and bring to simmer. Slowly whisk in butter and warm to 145 degrees F. Place sturgeon in butter and make sure butter remains at 145 degrees F. Poach for 12 minutes. Remove from liquid and garnish with watercress, onions, and capers., ingredients: [2 sliced shallots, 1 vanilla bean split, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 4 ounces fish stock, 2 pounds butter, melted, 2 pounds sturgeon fillets, 1 bunch watercress, 1 red onion, minced, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed and drained], title: Butter Poached Sturgeon, picturelink: null}, 51665: {instructions: Heat a stovetop or charcoal grill. To make the sauce, place the tomatoes, celery, onion, fennel, horseradish, hotpepper sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and 1 clove garlic ina food processor, and process for 2 minutes. Pass through a fine sieve, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Chill. In a large skillet over medium high heat, warm 2 tablespoons olive oil and 2 crushed garlic cloves. Add arugula and toss for one minute, until wilted. Cut langoustine tails lengthwise, brush with olive oil and grill for 2 minutes. To serve, place arugula and parsley at center of 4 plates, set grilled langoustines on top and drizzle sauce around., ingredients: [2 ripe plum tomatoes, cut in quarters, 2 stalks celery, cleaned and chopped, 1 red onion, cleaned and chopped, 1 fennel bulb, cleaned and chopped, 1 tablespoon horseradish, Hot pepper sauce to taste, 3 tablespoons olive oil plus more for grilling, 3 cloves garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 pound arugula, rinsed and patted dry, 12 langoustine tails, shelled, 14 cup flatleaf parsley], title: Grilled Langoustines with Wilted Arugula and Gazpacho Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51666: {instructions: Combine gelatin with one cup of the beverage and bloom for five minutes. In a small saucepan combine the remaining juice and extract and bring to a boil. Combine with gelatin mixture and stir to dissolve solids. Pour into heart shaped mold and refrigerate for four hours. Carefully unmold., ingredients: [2 packages unflavored powdered gelatin, 2 cups cherry flavored juice, darker juice is the best, 2 teaspoons cinnamon extract], title: Cinnamon Cherry Heart, picturelink: null}, 51667: {instructions: For the chips: Place 1 rack at the top and 1 at the bottom position and preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 large heavy baking sheets with parchment paper. Lightly coat the parchment with nonstick spray.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, stir the sugar, cinnamon and salt until blended.nFor the apple chips: Stand each apple upright. Cut 14 inch vertically off the right and left sides of each apple. Set the mandoline or vslicer for cutting 116inchthick slices. Place 1 apple, cutside down, on the slicer. Cut slices until the apple core is exposed. Turn the apple over and cut slices off the remaining side until the core is exposed. Arrange the apple slices in a single layer on one of the baking sheets. Repeat with the second apple.nUsing your fingertips, sprinkle the apple slices generously with the topping. Bake until the edges curl and the chips are golden and feel crisp, 40 to 45 minutes. Pull the parchment with the apples onto the work surface and cool completely, 20 to 30 minutes the chips will crisp more as they cool.nFor the dip: In a medium bowl, stir the yogurt, maple syrup, vanilla and salt until blended. Cover and chill until ready to serve.nServe the dip alongside the apple chips., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 red Gala apple, One 6ounce Granny Smith apple, 1 12 cups plain 2 percent or whole milk Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Apple Chips with Sweet Yogurt Dip, picturelink: VQ88wu5HHqUj4QXHjBeUE44SUb6KMkS}, 51668: {instructions: Boil 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar and the juice of 1 lemon in a saucepan until thickened, about 5 minutes. Whisk in 23 cup olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Combine torn frisee, romaine lettuce and red endive in a large bowl. Add sliced red onion, scallions, parsley and candied walnuts. Toss with the dressing.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: RedandGreen Salad, picturelink: FKlkt21ssS7gXI1am2sjlHlfsuiZyi}, 51669: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except chicken breasts. Add chicken breasts to marinade mixture and marinate chicken breasts in the refrigerator for 2 to 4 hours before grilling.nPreheat grill. Place chicken breasts on the grill and cook until chicken is opaque in center, flipping twice during cooking, about 15 minutes total., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons salt, 13 cup lemon juice, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup wine vinegar, 34 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 6 chicken breasts], title: Blazing BBQ Sauce or Marinade, picturelink: null}, 51670: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 325 degrees F.nFor your brownie batter: Melt your butter in a medium or large heatproof bowl over a pot of simmering water.nWhile the butter is melting, whisk the cocoa powder, sea salt and sugar in a separate bowl. The sugar and salt will work as abrasive agents to get any lumps out of the cocoa. Whisk the cocoasugarsalt combo into the melted butter until the sugar has dissolved fully. The mixture should look like fudge and pull away from the bowl into a ball. Take off the stove and set the pan on a dishtowel on your counter. Allow the fudgy mixture to cool down until its warm, but not hot anymore.nWhile that is cooling, line the bottom and sides of your 9 by 13inch baking pan with parchment paper or foil. You want to leave about 4 inches of overhang on the 2 opposite sides. These serve as your handles to remove the brownies from the pan in 1 piece, so make sure that there is enough of the overhang for you to have a solid grip. Grease the parchment or foil well.nStir in the vanilla into the cooled fudge mixture to loosen it up. Add the eggs into the mixture 1 at a time, adding the second egg after the first egg is fully incorporated. The batter should look shiny and well blended. Add in your flour and stir it until its fully incorporated. Once it looks fully blended, beat the batter vigorously for at least 45 strokes. Thisll not only get out any pent up stress, but it will make the brownies chewy. Fold in your chocolate chips. Spread the very thick and fudgy brownie batter evenly in the lined pan with an offset spatula or your greased hands.nPop the brownies in the oven and bake until they get a nice crust and your house smells like brownies, 30 to 35 minutes. Let them cool completely on a rack or a dishtowel on your counter.nWhile the brownies are cooling make the buttercream and ganache.nFor the buttercream: Mix your peanut butter and butter together in a stand mixer until they are totally blended. Turn your mixer down and slowly add your powdered sugar and fine sea salt. Stop the mixer and scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl. Turn your mixer back to medium, add your milk and vanilla and keep mixing until its fully blended. Dollop the peanut butter buttercream in heaping spoonfuls on top of the cooled brownies. Evenly spread it with the back of a butter knife the over the surface. Scatter the peanuts evenly over the buttercream, pressing into the buttercream so that the ganache has something to hold on to and the peanuts are all covered.nFor the ganache: Melt the chocolate chips and butter together in a small saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly. Allow the ganache to cool down slightly for 10 minutes or so, then pour it evenly over the peanut butter buttercream layer. Smooth the ganache out with the back of a butter knife, making sure to cover the buttercream and peanuts completely. Chill the brownies in the refrigerator until the toppings are set, 1 12 hours or so.nRemove these delicious guys from the refrigerator. Lift up the ends of the foil liner and place the Fudgy Salty Chocolate Peanut Butter Brownies on a cutting board. Cut into squares., ingredients: [1 14 sticks unsalted butter, plus more, softened, for pan, 1 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 13 cups sugar, 1 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup creamy peanut butter dont use oldfashioned or natural, 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 14 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups salted cocktail peanuts, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Fudgy Salty Peanut Butter Brownies, picturelink: aWo.61mhKrXPKYynzj4Bo90QQrSvC}, 51671: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the ground beef in a mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, combine the oats, ketchup, milk, salt, pepper, eggs, garlic, bell peppers and onions and mix well. Then pour over the ground beef. Hand mix the beef and seasoning mixture until incorporated. Shape the mixture into a loaf and bake on a sheet pan or in a loaf pan for about 1 hour. The internal temperature should be 145 degrees F. Remove from the oven let rest about 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with Creole Sauce.nSaute the onions, garlic and peppers in the olive oil in a saucepot over mediumhigh heat until well done and caramelized, about 8 minutes. Add the wine, tomatoes, Italian seasoning, black pepper, cayenne pepper, salt and sugar if using. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 1 12 cup quick oats, such as Quaker, 34 cup ketchup, 13 cup milk, 1 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 onions, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 green bell pepper, cored and sliced lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup red wine, 1 can crushed tomatoes, 1 12 teaspoons Italian seasonings, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Dash salt, 1 tablespoon brown sugar optional], title: Monument Cafe Meatloaf with Creole Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51672: {instructions: Peel the plantains and slice them into 12inch rounds. Heat the butter to foaming in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the plantain slices to the butter and cook for 5 to 8 minutes, or until they are lightly browned and slightly caramelized. Sprinkle the plantain slices with the sugar, allow the sugar to caramelize slightly, then remove the plantains from the skillet. Serve warm.nThese plantain slices are also particularly good when served over vanilla ice cream, topped with the caramelized butter from the pan., ingredients: [4 ripe plantains, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Caramelized Ripe Plantains, picturelink: null}, 51673: {instructions: In a small bowl combine half the garlic, half the thyme, half the sage, salt and pepper to taste. Rub the mixture on to the chops and chill, covered, 30 minutes, or overnight.nDredge the chops in the flour, shaking off excess. In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over moderately high heat. Add the chops and cook them from 1 to 2 minutes on each side or until brown. Drain fat and transfer the chops to a platter.nAdd the butter to the skillet and heat it until melted. Add the onion and remaining garlic and herbs and cook the mixture, stirring for 2 minutes or until softened. Add the wine and reduce it by half. Add the beef broth and tomato paste and stir the sauce until it is well combined. Return the chops to the skillet and simmer, covered for 10 minutes or until tender. Transfer the chops to a platter, add the olives, capers and mustard and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in parsley. Pour juices from pork platter back into the skillet, stir to combine and spoon sauce over the chops., ingredients: [4 teaspoons garlic, minced, 4 teaspoons fresh lime, minced, 4 teaspoons fresh sage, minced, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 1inch thick rib pork chops, Flour for dredging the chops, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup onion, minced, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups beef broth, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup pitted olives, sliced, 2 tablespoons drained capers, chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced], title: Pork Chops with Sauce Piquant, picturelink: null}, 51674: {instructions: Pregame prep: If you purchase your seafood more than 1 day prior to your tailgate, clean and freeze the fresh seafood items, with the exception of the scallops. Store the mussels and clams together, and the shrimp separately. The night before your tailgate, move frozen seafood to the refrigerator. Prepare and store in separate plastic bags the following ingredients: 1 chicken breasts, washed and patted dry, 2 onions and yellow pepper chopped, 3 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 4 measure out the rice. Game Day: Pack food on ice for transport. Once at the tailgate location, light the grill in the direct method. Brush the chorizo, chicken, and lobster tails with olive oil. When the grill is hot, cook in the following order turning occasionally: 1 chorizo sausages 15 to 20 minutes 2 lobster tails 15 minutes 3 chicken breast 10 minutes.nAs meat comes off the grill, chop the sausage, chicken and shelled lobster into 1inch chunks and set aside.nPlace an extra large skillet or paella pan on a propane burner or the grill and heat 14 cup of olive oil. Saute the yellow peppers and onions. When the onions are translucent, stir in garlic, add rice, and saute for five minutes. Add 6 cups of chicken stock, tomatoes, saffron, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil. Stir in chicken, lobster, and sausage. Reduce paella to a simmer as the fire subsides or turn the propane burner down to medium low. Simmer for 30 to 40 minutes stirring occasionally to keep from burning.nTest the rice. If needed, add an additional 1 to 2 cups of chicken broth stir and simmer another 10 minutes. When rice is cooked, stir the frozen peas, shrimp, and scallops into the skillet. Layer the mussels and clams on top, and cook until the mussels and clams open approximately 5 to 10 minutes. Stir before serving., ingredients: [1 pound. or 4 6inch chorizo sausages, 3 pounds skinned and boned chicken breasts, 2 lobster tails, 1 pound medium shrimp, 12 pound small to medium scallops, 12 Cherrystone clams, washed, 12 mussels, washed and debearded, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 large sweet yellow peppers, chopped, 2 large Spanish or Vidalia onions, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, pressed or minced, 2 cups uncooked short grain rice, 8 cups chicken stock, 4 large tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 12 teaspoon saffron, ground into small pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 ounces frozen pea], title: Paella, picturelink: null}, 51675: {instructions: Place chicken breast under plastic wrap and flatten using mallet, rolling pin, or a glass bottle. Season breasts with salt and pepper. In heated skillet add olive oil and butter. Add chicken and cook over a medium heat until golden brown on both sides. Remove chicken to a plate and cover with foil to keep warm. Add scallions and garlic to same skillet. Saute quickly and add white wine. Boil rapidly and reduce to syrup. Add cream and mustard, stir. Return chicken breast to pan and simmer gently until just heated through., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, skinless and boneless, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 green scallions, sliced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Chicken with Mustard Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51676: {instructions: Preheat charcoal grill to medium heat.nPlace the jalapeno peppers on grill over medium, ashcovered coals. Grill uncovered, for about 11 to 13 minutes or until evenly blistered and blackened. Place in a foodsafe plastic bag close bag. Let stand 10 to 15 minutes until skins are loosened.nPress black pepper evenly onto beef steaks. Place steaks on grill over medium, ashcovered coals. Grill, uncovered, 10 to 12 minutes for medium rare to medium doneness, turning occasionally. Remove from grill and let stand while preparing vinaigrette.nMeanwhile prepare Jalapeno Vinaigrette:nRemove and discard skins, seeds and membranes from jalapeno peppers. Place peppers, lime juice, cilantro, water and salt in food processor container. Cover and pulse on and off until combined. With motor running, slowly add oil through opening in cover, processing until well blended.nArrange salad greens on serving platter. Fan the mango and avocado slices over greens.nCarve steaks into slices and season with salt, to taste. Arrange over salad. Top with shallots and drizzle with vinaigrette. Sprinkle with cheese., ingredients: [2 to 3 jalapeno peppers, 1 to 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 boneless beef top loin strip steaks, cut 34inch thick about 8 ounces each, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon water, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 cups mixed salad greens, 1 mango, cut into 14inch slices, 12 small avocado, cut lengthwise into 8 slices, Salt, 1 shallot, very thinly sliced and separated into rings, 2 tablespoons shaved firm Cotija cheese or Parmesan], title: Pepper Steak Salad with Mango, Avocado and Jalapeno Vinaigrette New Dynamic Beef Dishes, picturelink: null}, 51677: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the lowest position preheat to 350 degrees F. Trim off any skin from the ham, leaving a 14inch layer of fat. Score the fat with a sharp knife in a 1inch crosshatch pattern without cutting through to the meat. Place the ham flatside down in a roasting pan and add the chicken broth to the pan. Cover with foil and bake 1 12 hours.nMeanwhile, make the glaze: Whisk the honey, brown sugar, mustards, vinegar, hot sauce, thyme and red pepper flakes in a medium bowl. Remove 34 cup of the glaze to a separate bowl and set aside for serving. Remove the ham from the oven, discard the foil and brush with about onequarter of the remaining glaze. Continue baking, brushing with the glaze and the pan juices every 30 minutes, until the ham is a deep reddishbrown and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 140 degrees F, 1 to 1 12 more hours. Add 12 cup water to the pan if the juices dry out.nTransfer the ham to a cutting board and let rest 20 minutes before slicing. Serve with the reserved glaze.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 8pound fully cooked bonein half ham shank or butt, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup honey, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup dijon mustard, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Bring the ham to room temperature 1 hour before baking.], title: Spicy HoneyGlazed Ham, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 51678: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large heavy saute pan add the sliced garlic and the clusters of cherry tomatoes. Drizzle with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Put the pan over lowmedium heat on the stove top and cook slowly until the tomatoes are just about falling apart and their juices have been extracted into the olive oil forming a nice sauce, about 35 to 40 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Reserve 2 to 3 clusters of roasted tomatoes for garnish. Discard the vine stems and puree or squash the remaining tomatoes in the pan, with a spoon, so you have nice chunky pieces of tomato in all the delicious tomato juice and olive oil. Stir in the sugar. This will be the sauce for the pasta.nIn a large saute pan heat a 3count of olive oil and saute the loose pork sausage until brown and caramelized. Remove and set aside on a plate while you cook the zucchini. To the same pan add some more olive oil and saute the zucchini until caramelized around the edges, about 2 minutes. Add the artichokes and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the sausage back to the pan and toss in pasta and the tomato sauce. Mix well over high heat to ensure everything is heated through and evenly coated. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter.nTo serve, sprinkle with Parmesan, basil leaves and top with a cluster of roasted cherry tomatoes., ingredients: [3 cloves fresh garlic, peeled and finely sliced, 2 pints cherry tomatoes, on the vine, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound penne pasta, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 pound loose pork sausage, 2 to 3 small zucchini, sliced, 1 can artichoke hearts, drained and quartered or 2 fresh globe artichokes, trimmed to the hearts, cut into quarters, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 bunch fresh basil leaves], title: Quick Farmers Market Pasta, picturelink: Ta53jNSgKt3jtFH5LtkXO.cvm9pz6SC}, 51679: {instructions: In a medium bowl, beat together the eggs, milk, parsley, 1 tablespoon ParmigianoReggiano, and nutmeg. Gradually beat in the flour, and, if necessary, add a little water to create a runny batter consistency. Set aside in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nIn a stockpot, bring the chicken stock to a boil over high heat. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat to a low simmer until ready to serve.nIn a nonstick crepe pan, heat a small amount of the fat until it is sizzling and add a small amount of the rested crepe batter. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and repeat the procedure with the remaining batter.nTo serve, divide the crepes evenly among warmed soup bowls and top with a bit of the remaining cheese. Ladle hot stock over the crepes and serve.nBrown Chicken Stock:nIn a large, heavybottomed saucepan, heat the oil over high heat until smoking. Add all the chicken parts and brown all over, stirring to avoid burning. Remove the chicken and reserve. Add the carrots, onions, and celery to the pot and cook until soft and browned. Return the chicken to the pot and add 3 quarts of water, the tomato paste, peppercorns, and parsley. Stir with a wooden spoon to dislodge the browned chicken and vegetables bits from the bottom of the pan. Bring almost to a boil, then reduce heat and cook at a low simmer until reduced by half, about 2 hours, occasionally skimming excess fat. Remove from heat, strain, and press on the solids with the bottom of a ladle to extract out all liquids. Stir the stock to facilitate cooling and set aside. Refrigerate stock in small containers for up to a week or freeze for up to a month.nYield: 1 12 quarts, ingredients: [4 eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 bunch Italian parsley, leaves finely chopped to yield 14 cup, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus 34 cup, Pinch grated nutmeg, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 cups Brown Chicken Stock, recipe follows, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons pork or chicken fat, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 12 pounds chicken wings, backs, and bones, 3 carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 onions, coarsely chopped, 4 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 bunch parsley stems], title: CrepePasta Soup: Scripelle in Brodo, picturelink: null}, 51680: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan or cast iron pan over medium heat. Add the olive oil and the mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and add the thyme and the garlic and saute. Cook until the mushrooms are tender and a lot of the liquid has evaporated from the bottom of the pan, 6 to 8 minutes.nAdd the Marsala and cook until the flavor of the alcohol has mellowed considerably, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove and discard the sprigs of thyme and the garlic. Shut the heat off and stir in the spinach leaves so they wilt slightly. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound white button mushrooms, ends trimmed but stems still attached and washed, quartered andor halved to the same size, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 small cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 14 to 12 cup dry Marsala, 12 pound spinach leaves, washed and dried], title: White Mushrooms and Spinach, picturelink: null}, 51681: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange potatoes and onion in bottom of slow cooker. Place pork on top of potatoes and onion. Spread garlic all over pork.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together water, ketchup, vinegar, sugar, soy sauce, mustard, black pepper and salt. Pour mixture over pork.nCover and cook on LOW for 6 to 8 hours or on HIGH for 3 to 4 hours.nSlice pork crosswise into thin slices and serve 12 ounces for this meal. Serve with all of potatoes, onions, and sauce., ingredients: [3 cups cubed peeled potatoes Idaho or Yukon gold, 1 cup chopped onion, 3 pound pork roast, trimmed, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup water, 12 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Salt], title: Slow Cooker Sweet and Sour Pork, picturelink: zaV3DtSRclU5O6F2B44CZuhS5O6NK}, 51682: {instructions: Slice the avocados all the way around from top to bottom, and twist the halves to separate them. Carefully tap the pit with a sharp knife, twist and it will come right out. Scoop the avocado flesh into a large bowl. Add some of the lime juice as you prepare the avocados to prevent the flesh from browning.nAdd the onions, chiles and olive oil to the bowl. Use a fork or a potato masher to mash the mixture, leaving some chunks of avocado for texture. Season with salt and add as much of the remaining lime juice as you like.nTransfer to a bowl for serving., ingredients: [6 ripe Hass avocados, Juice of 3 limes, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 2 serrano chiles, sliced into paperthin rounds, Kosher salt, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Guacamole, picturelink: uvi4r9daKrvRByF0P1uZUhDT.3uKNaC}, 51683: {instructions: Wedge out fresh chunks of the cheese and put in a large salad bowl.nMix in the torn arugula, cubed pears, and pine nuts.nDrizzle with extravirgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and mix well., ingredients: [14 ounces Grana Padano or Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, Bunch of arugula, leaves torn, 2 firm pears, cored and cubed, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, Salt], title: Grana, Rucola, Pear Salad, picturelink: null}, 51684: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the cheeses and put aside.nRub the inside of a large saucepan or casserole dish, with garlic and place the saucepan on lowmedium heat. Add the wine, heat until warm, but not boilingnAdd the cheese by handfuls, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until melted and cheesewine mixture has the consistency of a creamy sauce.nMix the cornstarch and water in a small bowl and then stir into the cheese. As the mixture thickens, let the mixture come to a boil once, before you remove the fondue pot and place it on a lighted burner on a table. Adjust flame of the burner so the fondue continues bubbling lightly.nPlace baskets of bread cubes onto the table. Take a handful of the bread cubes, sprinkle with black pepper and spear fondue fork through bread cubes. Dunk and stir well to bottom of pot.nServe with white wine or Kirsch to prevent getting that heavy cheese feelingnOther serving suggestions: cherry tomatoes, grapes, sliced ham and kielbasa., ingredients: [12 pound Emmentaller cheese, grated, 12 pound Le Gruyere cheese, grated, 1 clove garlic, 2 cups dry white wine, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon water, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf Italian or French bread, cut into 1inch cubes with crust on one side], title: Rolfs Original Swiss Cheese Fondue, picturelink: qGyYKsHrHeMuovuopvA.x.3TS1DWQ1G}, 51685: {instructions: Cut each cake layer in half horizontally to make a total of 4 layers.nIn a medium bowl, stir together chocolate frosting and almond extract.nTo assemble cake: Place 1 cake layer onto a cake stand or plate. Spread a quarter of the frosting evenly onto the bottom layer. Sprinkle with 14 cup of the coconut and 14 of the peanuts. Repeat with the remaining 3 layers of cake. Slice and serve., ingredients: [2 8inch round storebakery bought chocolate cake layers, 2 16ounce cans chocolate frosting, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup flake coconut, 14 cup toasted and chopped peanuts], title: Chocolate Coconut Almond Layer Cake, picturelink: mMw2pKBf1gZwVPewQ8im4iTXNqZlW}, 51686: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the seafood seasoning, coriander seeds, chipotle powder, paprika and a generous pinch of salt and mix well. Coat the chicken pieces with the spices, place in some large resealable plastic bags and refrigerate overnight.nIn a small bowl, combine the honey and Sriracha. Stir well and refrigerate until ready to fry the chicken.nIn a large Dutch oven, put in enough lard to come 4 inches up the side of the pot. Heat the lard to 325 degrees F.nIn a large, shallow baking dish, whisk together the flour and a generous pinch or two of salt. Remove the chicken pieces from the bags and dredge in the flour mixture.nBeginning with the thighs, add the chicken to the pot, making sure not to crowd. This may take several batches. Place the lid on and cook until golden and cooked 80 percent through, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the chicken to a wire cooling rack and repeat with the remaining chicken, if necessary. If youre entertaining, you can get ahead by doing all work up to this point, then continuing just before you plan to serve.nOnce all the chicken is done, heat up the lard to 365 degrees F. Add the chicken in the same batches and cook until dark golden and crispy, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove onto paper towels and serve immediately with the Sriracha honey.nCooks Notes: Lard is available at better supermarkets at the meat counter, or at specialty butcher shops. If you cant find it, use vegetable or peanut oil.nWondra flour is available at most grocery stores, but you can also substitute with 1 12 cups allpurpose flour combined with 2 tablespoons cornstarch., ingredients: [2 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and cracked, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt, One 4to 5pound chicken, cut into 12 pieces 2 breasts, halved, 2 legs, 2 thighs, 2 wings and 1 backbone, halved, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons Sriracha, Lard, for frying, 1 12 cups instant flour, such as Wondra], title: TwiceFried Chicken with Sriracha Honey, picturelink: null}, 51687: {instructions: Place the chicken into a medium pot of water and bring to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil for a few minutes, then turn to a mediumlow heat and simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Take the chicken out of the pot leave the liquid for cooking the spaghetti and let cool slightly. Pick out the meat to make 2 generous cups.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the spaghetti in the broth from the chicken until al dente. Do not overcook. Drain the spaghetti, reserving about 2 cups of the cooking liquid.nAdd the spaghetti to a large bowl and combine with the chicken, mushroom soup, 1 12 cups of the Cheddar, the green and red peppers, seasoned salt, cayenne, onions and salt and pepper to taste. Mix in 1 cup of the reserved liquid at first, adding an additional cup if needed.nPlace the mixture in a casserole pan and top with the remaining 1 cup Cheddar. Bake until bubbly, about 45 minutes. If the cheese on top starts to get too cooked, cover the casserole with foil., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cut up, or 8 chicken thighs, 1 pound thin spaghetti, broken into 2inch pieces, 2 cans cream of mushroom soup, 2 12 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 14 cup finely diced green bell peppers, 14 cup finely diced red bell peppers, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, 18 to 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 medium onion, finely diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 51688: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and caramels. Stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in cinnamon and cardamom if desired. Add halfandhalf. Stir until well combined. 2. Add KELLOGGS RICE KRISPIES cereal. Stir until well coated. 3. Using buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 9 x 9 x 2inch pan coated with cooking spray. Sprinkle with salt. Cool completely. Cut into bars. Best if served the same day.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com. u00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter or butter, 25 regular marshmallows or 2 12 cups miniature marshmallows, 10 1inchsquare caramels, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon cardamom optional, 2 tablespoons halfandhalf, 4 12 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, 12 teaspoon coarse salt or kosher salt], title: Spiced Caramel Rice Krispies Treatsand153, picturelink: vlVfpjP5wf6nlQjuSAHjjwbTolT3wm}, 51689: {instructions: Wash the salmon fillets thoroughly and place in a pan. In a large bowl, combine soy sauce, olive oil, garlic, ginger, and sugar and mix well. Pour the marinade over the fillets. Refrigerate for 4 to 6 hours.nPreheat a smoker to 250 degrees F with hickory chips.nPlace salmon on the smoker. Smoke for 60 to 90 minutes, or until fish flakes nicely.nServe with freshly squeezed lemon just before serving., ingredients: [2 salmon fillets with skin, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup olive oil, 8 to 10 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 3inch piece ginger, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons white sugar, 1 lemon, quartered], title: Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 51690: {instructions: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to high.nPut the basil, parsley, red wine vinegar, garlic and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk in the olive oil. Set aside.nBrush the eggplant, onion, pepper, squash and zucchini with canola oil on all sides and season with salt and pepper. Brush the cut side of the ciabatta with canola and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the zucchini, squash and eggplant on the grill, fleshside down. Place the onion slices and the pepper on grill. Cover and cook until the cut vegetables are charred, about 4 minutes then flip and cook, covered, until they are tender, another 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the cut vegetables to a cutting board. Cover the grill and continue cooking the pepper, turning occasionally, until it is charred all over and tender, about 10 minutes more. Remove the pepper to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let steam for 10 minutes.nPut the tomatoes in a grill basket and grill, covered, shaking the basket occasionally, until charred and softened, about 5 minutes. Grill the ciabatta, cutside down, until golden and toasty, about 3 minutes. Flip and grill 1 minute more. Transfer to the cutting board with the vegetables.nSeed and chop the bell pepper remove the peels and coarsely chop the red onions cut the zucchini, squash, eggplant and bread into 2inch cubes. Combine the vegetables and bread in a large bowl, season with salt and pepper, and toss with some of the dressing. Mound the salad on a serving platter, top with some of the arugula, and drizzle with the remaining dressing. Scatter the Parmesan over the top, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup fresh basil leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 1 Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise, 1 medium red onion, unpeeled, thickly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, 1 yellow squash, halved lengthwise, 1 zucchini, halved lengthwise, Canola oil, for brushing, 12 loaf ciabatta, split in half horizontally, 12 cherry tomatoes, cored, 2 ounces baby arugula or spinach, 14 cup coarsely shredded Parmesan], title: Ratatouille Panzanella Salad with HerbParmesan Dressing, picturelink: null}, 51691: {instructions: Combine the ingredients in a cocktail shaker. Fill a martini glass with ice and pour the cocktail over the ice., ingredients: [2 cups fresh pineapple juice, 2 12 cups vodka, 14 cup Vermouth, 2 teaspoons raspberry liqueur recommended: Chambord], title: French Martini, picturelink: KzlBQ.MHAPb2IdRtcEkJ5VfMyCQr902}, 51692: {instructions: For the Cream Cheese Cake:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWrap a 9inch springform pan with aluminum foil. In a medium bowl, mix both cookie crumbs and the melted butter together. Press crumb mixture in bottom of pan and refrigerate until firm.nIn a large bowl, beat ricotta and cream cheese together with an electric hand mixer until smooth. Add the eggs, sugar, salt, and vanilla extract, mix well.nAllow to sit for a few minutes so the bubbles can surface. Mix again until smooth. Pour the filling into the springform pan. Tap pan on the counter to remove any air bubbles in cake mixture. Place pan into a large roasting pan and fill with 1inch of water. Place in the oven and bake until filling is set and the top is golden brown, about 1 hour 20 minutes. Remove and let cool. Refrigerate a few hours or overnight before serving.nFor the raspberry sauce:nIn a food processor, combine berries, sugar and brandy. Place into a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nWhen ready to serve, remove the side of the springform pan and place cake on a serving plate. Spoon the raspberry sauce on the top of the cheesecake and serve., ingredients: [1 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup biscotti bread crumbs, crushed, 1 stick butter, melted, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature, 5 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 ounces fresh raspberries, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy], title: Italian Cream Cheese Cake with Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51693: {instructions: Dissolve the sugar in the lemon juice. Pour out 14 cup vodka and add the lemon mixture and the mint sprigs to the bottle. Cap, shake, and let sit from 1 hour to overnight for the flavors to develop.nCut a plug from the watermelon about 3inches deep and as big around as the top of the bottle. Upend the bottle into the hole and let it sit for a couple of hours or until most of the vodka lemonade has been absorbed into the watermelon. Replug the watermelon and refrigerate it for a few hours. Slice and serve., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 750 ml bottle vodka, 2 fresh mint sprigs, 1 whole watermelon, 10 pounds or larger], title: LemonMint Vodka Spiked Watermelon, picturelink: null}, 51694: {instructions: In large glass bowl combine vegetables. Add remaining ingredients and mix well. Add half the mixture to a food processor and blend until smooth. Combine puree with original mixture. Chill for 4 hours and serve., ingredients: [2 cucumbers, diced, 3 large tomatoes, diced, 1 red pepper, chopped, 1 green pepper, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 12 cups tomato juice, Salt, Pepper, 14 cup fresh parsley, chopped, 14 cup fresh basil, chopped, Juice of 1 lime, Tabasco], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 51695: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the coffee into a medium saucepot and add the sugar, cinnamon stick and vanilla bean. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and stir in the vodka. Let cool, then transfer to a glass container and refrigerate.nCombine the chilled coffeevodka mixture and the milk in a punch bowl. Serve in punch glasses over ice., ingredients: [2 cups brewed espresso coffee, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 liter vodka, 1 quart fresh milk], title: Bowlerinas Punch, picturelink: 8QTWT4WcQ6sMGSn6YigfLRvfIfE2rS.}, 51696: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nTo prepare enchilada filling, combine chicken and next 9 ingredients chicken through black pepper in a large bowl. Spread 12 cup salsa verde in bottom of a 13 by 9inch baking dish coated with cooking spray. Warm tortillas according to package directions. Spoon about 13 cup chicken mixture down center of each tortilla roll up. Arrange enchiladas, seam sides down, crosswise in dish. Pour remaining salsa verde evenly over enchiladas. Cover and bake at 400 degrees for 10 minutes or until thoroughly heated. Serve with sour cream, and garnish with sliced jalapeno, if desired.nTo prepare salsa verde, discard husks and stems from tomatillos cut into quarters. Combine tomatillos, 114 cups broth, 14 teaspoon salt, and chopped jalapeno in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes or until tomatillos are tender. Cool slightly. Place salsa verde in a blender or food processor, and process until smooth or mash with a potato masher. Place a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add salsa verde cook until reduced to 2 cups about 1 minute., ingredients: [2 12 cups shredded DoubleHerb Roasted Chicken about 12 ounces, 12 cup 2 ounces shredded asadero cheese or Asiago cheese, 13 cup finely chopped onion, 13 cup minced fresh cilantro, 13 cup fatfree, lesssodium chicken broth, 13 cup fatfree sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, Salsa verde, recipe follows, Nonstick cooking spray, 8 6inch corn tortillas, 14 cup fatfree sour cream, Sliced jalapeno pepper optional, 1 pound tomatillos about 15, 1 14 cups fatfree, lesssodium chicken broth, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped], title: Enchiladas Verdes, picturelink: null}, 51697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 6quart slow cookernSpray the insert of a 6quart slow cooker with cooking spray.nGently combine the pumpkin puree, granulated sugar, pumpkin pie spice and salt in a bowl, then dump it into the slow cooker insert. Sprinkle the cake mix over the pumpkin puree, then, as evenly as possible, pour the melted butter on top and finish with the chopped pecans. Cover and cook on low for 4 to 4 12 hours the edges of the cake should be starting to brown and crisp slightly.nMeanwhile, using a handheld mixer, whip the cream and confectioners sugar together in a large bowl until stiff peaks form. Serve the cake warm with a dollop of the whipped cream., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the slow cooker insert, Two 15ounce cans pumpkin puree, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, One 15.25ounce box white or yellow cake mix, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Pumpkin Dump Cake, picturelink: Dzs7pRJlhoM0NFMtcOGoxWy3rK3G2a}, 51698: {instructions: Using a serrated knife, finely chop the chocolate into 14inch pieces. Dont be lazy here. Big chunks will not melt.nTraditional method: Place the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Boiling means the cream will actually rise up in the pan and threaten to boil over.nImmediately pour the boiling cream over the chopped chocolate. Tap the bowl on the counter to settle the chocolate into the cream, then let it sit for 1 minute. Using a rubber spatula, slowly stir in a circular motion, starting from the center of the bowl, and working out to the sides. Be careful not to add too much air to the ganache. Stir until all the chocolate is melted, about 2 minutes. It may look done after 1 minute of stirring, but keep going to be sure its emulsified.nFood processor method: Place the chopped chocolate in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat or bring to a boil in the microwave.nImmediately pour the hot cream into the food processor, on top of the chocolate. Let sit for 1 minute, then pulse the machine 3 times. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula and pulse 3 more times, until all the chocolate is melted. This smooth, silky chocolate is now ganache. Transfer the ganache to a bowl.nLet the ganache sit at room temperature until it cools to 70 degrees F. In a 65 degree F room, this will take approximately 4 hours or 2 hours in the refrigerator. You can speed up the process by pouring the ganache out onto a clean baking sheet thinner layers cool faster. Once the ganache reaches 70 degrees F, it is ready to be used. At this point it can be covered and stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Master Ganache, picturelink: C7adFZZgERBrUX7essSVAJhuWnYcDS}, 51699: {instructions: In a blender blend yolks, water and lemon juice until smooth. Add melted butter by droplets until sauce begins to emulsify. Then continue slowly adding hot butter by spoonfuls. Strain sauce and season.nServe over poached eggs on toast points, ingredients: [1 to 1 12 sticks butter, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon water, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Blender Hollandaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51700: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread hazelnuts onto a baking tray. Toast hazelnuts in oven until light golden brown and fragrant, about 5 to 7 minutes. Allow to cool completely. Coarsely chop the cooled hazelnuts and set aside.nIn a 10 or 12inch saute pan with high sides, bring 2 quarts of salted water to a boil. Add the vegetable oil to prevent the ravioli from sticking to one another. Add ravioli and cook for 4 minutes or until they float to the top. Using a spider strainer, carefully remove ravioli to a large platter and tent with foil to keep warm.nIn a small saute pan, melt the butter. When butter is sizzling and starts to brown, tear sage leaves into the pan and fry for about 20 seconds. Remove from heat and stir in nutmeg. Pour butter sauce over ravioli and sprinkle with toasted hazelnuts. Grate amaretti cookies over the dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup peeled hazelnuts, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound fresh pumpkin ravioli, 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 fresh sage leaves, Large pinch grated nutmeg, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 amaretti cookies], title: Pumpkin Ravioli with Sage and Toasted Hazelnuts, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 51701: {instructions: Position racks in the center and top third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line two large baking sheets with parchment paper.nSift the flour, baking soda, and salt into a medium bowl. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a heavyduty stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar on medium speed until well blended, about 2 minutes scrape down the bowl.nBeat the eggs and vanilla in a small bowl. Add to the butter mixture and blend well scrape the bowl again. On low speed, add the flour mixture and beat until just mixed scrape down the bowl. Add the chocolate and optional nuts and mix until incorporated into the dough.nDrop rounded tablespoons of the dough onto the prepared sheets, spacing them about 2 inches apart. Bake, switching the position of the sheets from top to bottom and front to back halfway through baking, until the cookies are golden brown but the centers seem slightly underdone, about 13 minutes. Do not overbake or the cookies will be crisp throughout instead of chewy. Cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to wire cooling racks to cool completely. The cookies will crinkle as they cool. Store at room temperature in airtight containers for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 112 ssticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup packed light or dark brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 114 cup SCHARFFEN BERGER chocolate chunks approximately 8 ounces, try either our 62 Cacao Semisweet or our 70 Cacao Bittersweet, 34 cup coarsely chopped toasted nuts your favorite, optional], title: The Best Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 51702: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Melt the butter in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic and rosemary and cook, stirring often, until the onion is soft and just starts browning, about 6 minutes.nSprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring, until smooth and bubbling, about 2 minutes. Stir in 2 cups water, the milk, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a gentle simmer. Stir in the ravioli and cook, stirring occasionally, until the ravioli are tender and the sauce thickens, 5 to 7 minutes.nRemove from the heat. Discard the rosemary sprigs and stir in the spinach. Sprinkle with the mozzarella and grana padano. Place the skillet under the broiler until golden and bubbling, about 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 9ounce packages refrigerated cheese ravioli, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 2 ounces lowmoisture mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup grated grana padano or parmesan cheese], title: Baked Spinach Ravioli, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 51703: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCut potatoes into wedges. In a large bowl, combine oil, hot sauce, thyme, paprika, and cumin. Toss potatoes in dressing and spread out in a single layer on a nonstick cookie sheet. Season wedges with salt and pepper and roast for 20 minutes, turning once., ingredients: [4 medium thinskinned white potatoes, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon 13 handful ground thyme or poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon 13 handful sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon 13 handful ground cumin, Coarse salt and black pepper], title: Cajun Oven Fries, picturelink: OY0qKWNZS6ek2XgoCOyfvRs7So2mHlW}, 51704: {instructions: A handful fresh flatleaf parsley or celery greens, chopped, for garnishnBring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta. Salt the water, add the pappardelle, and cook to al dente. Reserve 1 cup of the pasta cooking liquid just before draining the pasta.nMeanwhile, gently heat the pulled pork and braising liquids, in a saucepan over medium heat.nDrain the pasta and return it to the hot pot, and toss with butter, the braised pork, 2 cups braising liquid, lemon juice, and starchy water as needed to produce enough sauce to coat the pasta and give the pappardelle movement. Wilt the arugula greens into the pasta, and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, to taste. Serve in shallow dishes and top with cheese, and parsley., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound pappardelle, or other wide ribbon pasta, 1 to 1 12 pounds pulled braised pork, 2 cups braising liquids, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into pats, Juice of 1 lemon, Large bundle arugula, watercress, or spinach, washed and trimmed, Freshly ground black pepper, Grated nutmeg, ParmigianoReggiano cheese, for garnish], title: Pappardelle with Pulled Pork, picturelink: gB1o84wQzSBXjrvavrxv0SDOJ3hpfq}, 51705: {instructions: To a large martini shaker filled with ice, add the Big Daddys Tropical Passion Mocktail, vodka, lime juice and orange liqueur. Shake well to combine, about 30 seconds. Pour the cocktail into 4 icefilled glasses. Garnish each glass with fresh mint and serve immediately.nTo a large pitcher, add the juices and stir to combine. Pour the juice into 7 icefilled glasses and top off with club soda., ingredients: [Ice, 1 cup juice from Tropical Passion Mocktail, recipe follows, 1 cup vodka, chilled, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup orange liqueur recommended: Triple Sec, Fresh mint, for garnish, 2 cups white grape juice, 2 cups apple juice, 1 cup passion fruit juice, Ice, 1 liter club soda, for serving], title: Tropical Passion Cocktail, picturelink: ahf6rXfQqvk4dToM4aG8IuoBcr3FamK}, 51706: {instructions: In a medium non stick skillet, heat oil over medium heat. Add diced pepper, onion, or mushrooms and cook until tender. Stir in leftover corn, broccoli or carrots. Pour in eggs, season with salt and pepper and stir mixture until it begins to thicken. Lower heat and cover for 35 minutes until mixture is firm. Uncover and sprinkle with cheese. Slide skillet under broiler to brown top of frittata. Note: If the skillets handle is plastic, cover it with a double layer of foil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 5 eggs, beaten, Leftover pieces of raw veggies: Green or red pepper, onion, mushroom, Salt  Pepper, Leftover cooked veggies: Corn, broccoli, carrots, 14 cup parmesan cheese], title: Vegetable Frittata, picturelink: null}, 51707: {instructions: In 6 or 8quart pan, melt butter on mediumlow heat with onions. After onions are translucent, add garlic and rosemary for 2 minutes.nAdd sausage and cook another 2 or 3 minutes. Add potatoes and cover potatoes with water. Change heat to high and bring potatoes to a boil.nAfter potatoes become very tender, to the point of falling apart, reduce heat to low and add cheese a little at a time until all melted. Add milk, salt, and pepper and cover for 15 minutes.nGreat with saltine crackers., ingredients: [1 pound favorite link sausage, thinly sliced 116 to 18, 4 pounds peeled and diced russet potatoes, 2 medium onions chopped, 4 cloves garlic chopped, 24 ounces deluxe American cheese, 1 stick butter, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped, 16 to 32 ounces milk, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Dads Potato Cheese Soup, picturelink: null}, 51708: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the cake mix in a mixing bowl and add the butter. Using a pastry blender or 2 forks, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add the eggs, milk and rum. Beat with a wooden spoon until you form a smooth batter. Fold in coconut until evenly distributed.nSpray 2 madeleine molds with nonstick cooking spray. Using a tablespoon, drop the batter into the molds filling halfway. If you dont have madeleine molds, you may drop the batter on an ungreased baking pan. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until the cookies are nicely browned. Let cool in the pan then turn out onto a platter. Repeat method with remaining batter., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box pineapple cake mix, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into chunks, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons dark rum or rum extract, 1 cup flaked coconut], title: Pina Colada Madeleine Cookies, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 51709: {instructions: Place eggplant in a colander and season generously with salt. Fill a 1gallon plastic bag with water, seal tightly and place over eggplant to weigh down. Let stand for 40 minutes.nRinse the salt off the eggplant, and pat dry. Place the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add eggplant and cook, stirring often, until golden brown on all sides, about 20 minutes.nAdd garlic, tomatoes and their juice to the pan. Stir in the sugar and salt. Simmer until sauce has slightly thickened, about 15 to 20 minutes or longer depending on how juicy your tomatoes are. Taste and adjust seasonings. Add the basil and cook 1 minute more. Serve over pasta., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, Coarse grained salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 28ounce can peeled and crushed, or diced tomatoes, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, optional, Salt and coarsely ground fresh black pepper, 14 cup basil about 10 leaves, torn, 8 ounces bow tie pasta farfalle, cooked al dente], title: Eggplant and Tomato Pasta, picturelink: null}, 51710: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until soft. Add the orange juice and cook until reduced by half, about 8 minutes. Then add the tomatoes, ketchup, paprika, coriander, sugar, honey and vinegar and cook until slightly reduced, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, season with salt and pepper and stir in the orange zest. Puree until smooth using an immersion blender. Remove 12 cup to serve with the cooked lamb. Let cool to room temperature.nHeat the grill to high for direct grilling. Brush the lamb with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper on both sides. Place the chops on the grill and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip, brush with some of the sauce, and grill another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove to a platter and serve with the reserved sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing, 3 shallots, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 2 cups pureed canned plum tomatoes, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon clover honey, 1 tablespoon aged sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 baby lamb chops, bone on and frenched], title: Fire Roasted Baby Lamb Chops with Smoked PaprikaOrange BBQ Sauce, picturelink: DVfSCbXXyVEsgz5dGXlgAdkC42vimaO}, 51711: {instructions: 1. Blend together BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita Mix, BACARDIu00ae Select, orange juice, orgeat and ice for 45 to 60 seconds or until uniform. Orgeat is a delicious almond syrup thats easy to find at specialty stores and even coffee shops, but when you cant find it feel free to substitute amaretto in its place.n2. Pour into oldfashioned or tiki glasses, and garnish with pineapple wedges and orange slices.n3. Serves five people, ingredients: [12 can of frozen BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita Mix, 12 cup of BACARDIu00ae Select, 13 cup of orgeat almond syrup, 12 cup of orange juice, 4 cups of ice], title: BACARDIandreg Mixers Mai Tai, picturelink: 4Rtv.dGBOtWdLiZlz.NgSYLifHdXYm}, 51712: {instructions: In a food processor, mix together the feta, olive oil, chiles, garlic, oregano, and black pepper. Blend on low speed for about 6 minutes or until the feta is whipped. Pour in lemon juice and pulse the mixture until completely combined, about 2 minutes. Pour into a bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or until ready to use. Serve with toasted pita., ingredients: [12 pound feta, crumbled, 1 ounce olive oil, 2 Calabrian chiles, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon oregano, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, Toasted pita, as an accompaniment], title: Feta Spread: Htipito, picturelink: null}, 51713: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nWhisk together egg whites, buttermilk, flour, salt, and cayenne in a shallow bowl until smooth.nSeparate onion slices into rings and pick out the 12 largest, reserving remainder for another use.nHeat 1inch of oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Working in batches of 4, dredge onions in flour and dip rings into batter, letting excess drip off, then cook in skillet until golden brown, about 1 minute on each side. Transfer rings as browned to a lightly oiled, shallow 1inch deep baking pan.nBake rings in middle of oven, turning once, until crisp and deep golden, 12 to 15 minutes total., ingredients: [1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 12 cup wellshaken lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus 1 cup for dredging, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 large red onion 12 ounces, cut crosswise into 13inch thick slices, Olive oil], title: OvenFried Onion Rings, picturelink: null}, 51714: {instructions: For the oyster sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Saute the garlic and shallots until the shallots start to brown, about 2 minutes. Add the veal stock and cream and cook for 5 minutes. Add the oysters and their reserved liquid, the Worcestershire sauce and cayenne. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Keep warm.nFor the sauteed broccoli and oysters: Heat the oil in a wok or large skillet and saute the garlic, ginger and shallots. Add the oysters and their reserved liquid. Add the honey, soy sauce and broccoli and saute for 2 minutes. Add the lemon zest and juice, cayenne and salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the steak and mushrooms: Remove the steaks from the refrigerator 30 minutes before youre ready to prepare them. Rub the steaks with salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a castiron skillet until hot. Sear the steaks on one side for about 5 minutes. Flip and continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes on the other side. Transfer the steaks to a plate and cover loosely with foil. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in the skillet and saute the mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper. Top the steaks with oyster sauce and sauteed mushrooms. Serve the broccoli and oysters on the side. Wine suggestion for this recipe: Cabernet Sauvignon, ingredients: [3 tablespoons45ml butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cups500ml veal stock, 1 cup250ml 35percent cream, 1 dozen oysters, shucked and chopped, liquid reserved, 1 tablespoon15ml Worcestershire sauce, Pinch cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons30ml olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, One 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and minced, 1 shallot, minced, 1 dozen oysters, shucked, liquid reserved, 14 cup60ml honey, 14 cup60ml lowsodium soy sauce, 1 head broccoli, blanched and cut into pieces, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Pinch cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 4 rib eye steaks 1 12 inches thick, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 1 pound450g oyster mushrooms], title: Grilled Rib Eyes with Sauteed Broccoli and Oysters, picturelink: null}, 51715: {instructions: 1. Toss the cabbage in a colander with 1 tablespoon salt. Set aside in the sink to drain, about 1 hour. Rinse, drain well, and pat dry.n2. Whisk the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, sugar, celery seeds, cayenne and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the drained cabbage, carrots, apples, and scallions to the dressing. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes.n3. Meanwhile, cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, turning until crisp and golden, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to cool. Crumble and stir into the coleslaw before serving., ingredients: [12 head medium white cabbage, thinly sliced about 6 cups, Kosher salt, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 Gala apple, cored and julienned with skin, 4 scallions, sliced white and green parts, 4 slices bacon], title: Bacon and Scallion Coleslaw, picturelink: osRIA8EBaGzDNLQy2d1UZreO8oBOMJ.}, 51716: {instructions: Combine 1 Tbsp. soy sauce, 1 Tbsp. cornstarch, 12 teaspoon sugar and garlic stir in chicken. Let stand 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, blend remaining 2 Tbsp. soy sauce, 1 Tbsp. cornstarch, 2 teaspoons sugar and vinegar with 34 cup water.nRemove flowerets from broccoli cut into bitesize pieces. Peel stalks cut diagonally into thin slices.nHeat 1 Tbsp. oil in hot wok or large skillet over high heat. Add chicken and stirfry 3 minutes remove.nHeat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in same pan. Add broccoli, onion, carrot and red pepper stirfry 3 minutes. Add snow peas stirfry 2 minutes longer. Stir in chicken and soy sauce mixture. Cook, stirring, until sauce boils and thickens, ingredients: [3 tablespoons Kikkoman Soy Sauce, divided, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, divided, 212 teaspoons sugar, divided, 1 clove garlic, pressed, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, cut into 1inch squares, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 12 pound fresh broccoli, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 1 medium onion, chunked, 1 small carrot, cut diagonally into thin slices, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 14 pound fresh snow peas, trimmed and cut in half], title: First Moon Chicken StirFry, picturelink: YlYqTNKOPlSqoHdnr5bbMcIPAaFZmAW}, 51717: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the pasta dough: Put the flour in a pile on a clean, dry work surface. Make a hole about 8inches wide in the center of the flour pile. Crack all the eggs into the hole and add the olive oil and salt. With a fork beat the eggs and slowly begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture. Do not worry about the lumps.nWhen most of the flour is incorporated, begin kneading the dough mixture with your hands. Knead the dough until it is smooth and supple, about 10 to15 minutes. It is really important to put your whole body into kneading otherwise the pasta will not develop the proper consistency. You need to knead Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it relax for at least 1 hour. If using immediately do not refrigerate.nWhile the dough is resting, make the filling: Put the butternut squash onto a baking sheet. Drizzle with some olive oil and add the cinnamon and a big pinch of salt. Mix it all together to coat the squash and arrange it in 1 layer on the baking sheet. Roast until the squash is soft and browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove it from the oven and put it into the bowl of a food processor. Add the ricotta cheese, Parmesan, and the eggs and process until smooth. Taste and add salt, if needed. Scrape the filling into a pastry bag and refrigerate until ready to use.nRoll the pasta: Set the pasta roller on the widest setting. Start with half the pasta dough. Using your hands, flatten the dough as much as you can to facilitate it going through the pasta roller. Run the dough through the roller twice dusting it with flour in between rolls if it feels sticky. Fold it into thirds turn it 90 degrees and run it through the pasta machine 2 to 3 times. Continue to run the pasta through the machine reducing the setting between each run. Stop when you get to the second to last setting. Always hold the pasta on the tops of your hands, palms down If you hold it with your fingers up you will create stretch marks and those are never good.nTo assemble the agnolotti: Lay the pasta sheet on a floured work surface. Brush the lower half of the pasta the part that is closest to you lightly with water. This is the glue that will hold the agnolotti together. Use the water sparingly, if you use too much it will slide and not stick. Pipe 1inch balls of filling onto the pasta that has been brushed with water, leaving about 2inches between each ball. Fold the top half of the pasta over the balls to meet the bottom edge. Using your 2 index fingers poke around each filling ball to seal the agnolotti shut and make sure there are no air bubbles. Cut out each agnolotti using a small round fluted cutter. Transfer to a sheet tray coated with semolina or polenta. Cover and set aside until ready to use.nTo make the sauce: Put a tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil into a large saute pan over medium high heat. Cut the bacon into small pieces and add it along with the garlic to the pan. When the garlic is lightly browned and aromatic remove it from the pan and discard it. When the bacon is crispy add the squash, season with salt, to taste, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the butter, chicken stock, and sage, and cook until the sauce thickens and looks velvety. Stir in the apple and taste for seasoning.nBring a large pot of well salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the agnolotti and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully remove the pasta from the water and immediately put it into the pan with the sauce. Bring it to a boil, shaking the pan frequently. Remove from the heat, sprinkle in the Parmesan, and swirl the pasta until its coated with the sauce. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately, sprinkled with a little more grated Parmesan and a drizzle of balsamic vinegar. Mangia bene, ingredients: [1 pound allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 5 large eggs, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Semolina flour, for dusting, 4 cups cubed butternut squash, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt, 1 pint ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 large eggs, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 slices bacon, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 cup finely diced butternut squash, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 12 Granny Smith apple, finely diced, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, Aged balsamic vinegar, for serving], title: Butternut Squash Agnolotti with Bacon and Aged Balsamic, picturelink: null}, 51718: {instructions: Special equipment: kitchen string or toothpicksnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWith a paper towel, wipe all your mushrooms clean. Dont soak them in water and then drain them. Mushrooms are like little sponges. Theyll suck up water and get mushy. Trim and discard the dried up part on the end of the mushroom stems.nSpread the mushrooms on a large sheet pan and drizzle with some olive oil. Season with salt and toss to coat. Roast the mushrooms for 30 to 45 minutes.nUsing a paper towel, blot the filets and flank steak to remove excess moisture. Sprinkle both sides of the beef with salt and pepper. Rub the tops of the filets with 1 tablespoon of the chopped thyme. Let the filets sit out, covered, to bring them up to room temperature before cooking.nSlice the flank steak lengthwise into 1inch strips and wrap each filet around the edges with the flank steak strips. You may have leftover flank steak. Tie each filet with kitchen string, or insert a toothpick through to hold the flank steak to the filet.nWhen the mushrooms are roasted and nice and golden brown, remove from the oven, let cool a bit and then roughly chop.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nIn a large fry pan, heat 3 tablespoons of the butter on mediumhigh heat. As soon as the butter starts to bubble and get frothy, throw in the roasted mushrooms and any oil and drippings from the baking sheet. Saute the mushrooms for 8 to 10 minutes, and then deglaze the pan with the red wine. Cook until most of the red wine has reduced to almost nothing.nAdd the halfandhalf to the pan while stirring the mushrooms. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then lower the heat to a simmer and reduce by half. Add the milk, and reduce that by onethird. You should have nice rich sauce that coats the back of a spoon and holds a line through it. Taste and adjust the seasoning if needed. Keep the sauce warm until ready to serve. Can place it in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of gently simmering water.nWash the asparagus, and, with a vegetable peeler, remove the outer layer of asparagus. Cut the asparagus into 2inch pieces.nHeat a large fry pan with 1 teaspoon olive oil and add the bacon. Stir and cook the bacon until it begins to brown. Add the asparagus and cook until just softened. Add the white wine vinegar and cook for a few seconds, and then remove from the heat and keep warm. Heat a large ovenproof fry pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. If you have a really large frying pan you can put all 4 filets in the pan. If you dont, cook in batches using 1 tablespoon of oil per batch. You dont want the steaks to touch. We want to get a nice sear on the outside of the filets and to achieve this, your filets need room.nAdd the filets to the hot pan and sear until your filet has relaxed to the point where it will let go of the pan, about 3 minutes on one side, and then flip. Add a generous clump of butter to the hot pan and, when its melted, tip the fry pan towards you so the butter pools in one spot. Add the 3 full sprigs of thyme. Now, with a large spoon, start basting your filets with the melted thyme flavored butter. Flip the filets, baste each one again and transfer to the oven for a few minutes until just cooked through to medium.nTo serve: Plate the Smashed Potatoes with Creme Fraiche just off to one side of the center of the plate. Retrieve your filets from the oven and remove the string or toothpicks. Lean a filet up against the potatoes. Top with the mushroom gravy and place the asparagus in front of the filet. Dust with the chopped parsley.nWash the potatoes and place in a pot of salted water, enough to just cover the tops of the potatoes. Bring to a boil, and then turn down to a simmer and cook until fork tender. When you stick a fork into the potato and it falls off with no resistance, theyre done.nDrain the potatoes and place on a tea towel or paper towel. With the palm of your hand, lightly smash the potatoes so they just pop open a bit and split. Make sure they kind of keep their shape.nIn a large fry pan on medium heat, melt the butter and add the garlic, shallots, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon white pepper. When the garlic and shallots are translucent, add the smashed potatoes and toss so they all get kissed with the butter, shallots and garlic. Heat for 5 minutes, and then add the creme fraiche to the pan with half the amount of chopped chives. Toss so everything is nicely coated.nServe family style or on individual plates and top with the rest of the chives and a little lemon zest. The zest gives the spuds an extra little tang and zip., ingredients: [1 pound mushrooms button mushrooms or mixed mushrooms like shiitake, morels, porcini, chanterelles  you need 20 to 25 button mushrooms or 5 cups sliced mixed mushrooms, Extravirgin olive oil about 14 cup, more if needed, Salt, 4 beef filets 4 to 6 ounces each, 1 flank steak about 1 12 pounds, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, plus 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 stick unsalted butter, 34 cup red wine, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup whole milk, 1 bunch asparagus, tough ends trimmed, 6 ounces sliced bacon, pancetta or prosciutto about 6 slices, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Smashed Potatoes with Creme Fraiche, for serving, recipe follows, Fresh chopped parsley, for garnish, 2 pounds fingerling or small red potatoes, Salt, 13 cup unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, Ground white pepper, 8 to 10 ounces creme fraiche or sour cream, 12 cup finely chopped chives, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Flank Steak Wrapped Petit Filet with Smashed Potatoes with Creme Fraiche, picturelink: .K9hDpVXL.wpNzgZcVGTWuveIH1L4UK}, 51719: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBoil the noodles in salted water for about 4 minutes. Strain noodles from water. In a large mixing bowl, combine noodles with remaining ingredients and pour into a greased, approximately 9by13inch baking dish.nBake until custard is set and top is golden brown, about 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [12 pound wide kosher for Passover egg noodles, 12 stick butter, melted, 1 pound cottage cheese, 2 cups sour cream, 12 cup sugar, 6 eggs, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup raisins], title: Noodle Kugel, picturelink: dYH6QXqwD34dskSXMpII1AGzc3VvDu}, 51720: {instructions: For the bourguignon:nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a 9 to 10inch pot that is at least 4 inches deep, bring 14 cup cooking oil to smoking temperature. Season the meat with salt and black pepper. Over high heat, brown the meat in the pot in 2 or 3 separate batches and set aside. Reduce the heat, add the bacon to the pot and cook it until it begins to brown. Add the onions, carrots, and celery and sweat approximately 10 minutes over medium heat while stirring often. Add the tomato paste and allow it to brown and cook about 5 minutes. Add the flour while stirring constantly. Slowly incorporate the red wine into the pot, stirring constantly so that no lumps form. Add the stock and meat to the pot and bring to a simmer. Secure the thyme and bay leaves together with the butchers twine and place it in the pot. Place a lid on top of the pot and put it into the oven for 2 12 to 3 hours, or until the meat is fork tender. Remove the lid and skim the top of any excess fat. The onions and mushrooms should be added right before serving.nFor the potato gratin:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the sliced potatoes with salt and black pepper. Arrange them in layers in a greased 8 by 6inch ovenproof baking dish. Pour the heavy cream over the layered potatoes. Place the dish on top of a sheet pan and then into the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and turn the oven temperature to broil. Top the potatoes with the cheese and return to the oven for approximately 5 minutes, or just long enough for the cheese to melt and nicely brown. Serve alongside the Beef Bourguignon., ingredients: [14 cup cooking oil, 3 pounds lean stewing beef, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 strips bacon, chopped, 1 carrot, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 celery stalk, diced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 8 cups fullbodied, young red wine, 2 cups veal stock, beef or chicken stock, 4 sprigs thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 foot long piece butchers twine, 18 to 24 pearl white andor red onions, oven roasted and peeled, 1 pound button mushrooms, halved and sauteed in butter, 3 to 4 large russet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 18inch thickness, 1 12 cups heavy cream can substitute halfandhalf or milk, 1 cup grated Gruyere or Swiss cheese], title: Beef Bourguignon with Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 51721: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the butter and Parmesan and blend well with a fork. Season with salt.nToast the baguette until lightly golden. Rub with the cut sides of the garlic, then spread with the butterParmesan mixture. Briefly run the bread under the broiler, just until the butter is nice and bubbly. Slice into pieces and serve warm., ingredients: [1 sourdough baguette, halved lengthwise, 3 tablespoons butter, softened, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt, 2 cloves garlic, halved], title: Waxies Garlic Sourdough Bread, picturelink: null}, 51722: {instructions: Start your dinner by making the rice set the cucumbers in a steamer over water flavored with orange zest. Slowly fry the chorizo slices, turning once, in the olive oil until they render their fat. Add the shrimp and saute over high heat for a minute or until just turning opaque. Center rice on a platter, making a well in the center. Spoon the chorizo and shrimp in the middle and wreath it with steamed cucumber slices., ingredients: [1 12 cups long grain rice, cooked according to package directions but with the addition of 14 teaspoon turmeric or saffron and some butter and salt and pepper, 2 garden cucumbers, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch half moons, Orange zest, 2 links of chorizo, cut into 14inch rounds, 12 ounces peeled and deveined shrimp cut into 12inch chunks, Salt and pepper, Red pepper threads], title: Chorizo, Shrimp and Yellow Rice, picturelink: null}, 51723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large saute pan, over mediumhigh heat, with olive oil, add in half of the diced onion, season with salt, to taste. Cook the onions, stirring occasionally, until they are soft and very aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Toss in the mushrooms and sage, season with salt, to taste. Cook until they are soft and wilted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the sausage and use a large kitchen spoon to chop up the sausage. Cook until the sausage is brown and a little crispy, about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture to a large mixing bowl and let cool.nWhile the sausage mixture is cooling, cut the turkey breast into 2 separate halves and remove skin. Butterfly each half to make a wide, flat surface. Cover each half with plastic wrap and with a meat mallet, gently pound each breast half, to flatten.nTo the mixing bowl with sausage mixture, add the bread crumbs, grated cheese, the eggs and 12 a cup of water. Mix together until it becomes a homogeneous mixture. Taste and season with salt if needed.nLay a large piece of caul fat out on a large, flat work surface. Lay about 10 bacon slices in the middle, slightly overlapping. Arrange a turkey breast on top. Lay half the stuffing mix on the turkey and roll it up, creating a neat even log. Wrap 2 pieces of bacon around each end, then fold the bacon thats underneath around the turkey. Wrap the caul fat in an even layer to create a smooth even log. Tie with twine to secure. Repeat with second turkey breast.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut a large roasting pan on a burner, coat it with olive oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey rolls and brown on all sides. Remove the rolls from the pan and add in the remaining diced onion, carrots, celery. Season with salt, to taste, and cook the veggies until they start to soften, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add 1 cup of chicken stock and 1 cup of white wine to the roasting pan with a thyme bundle. Return the turkey rolls to the pan, cover with foil and roast for 25 minutes, remove the foil and roast for 10 more minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and transfer the turkey to a tray or platter and cover with foil to rest and keep warm.nPut the roasting pan over 2 burners to make the gravy. Remove the thyme and skim the fat. Mix the flour with 6 tablespoons chicken stock and slowly whisk it into the roasting pan. Whisk in the remaining chicken stock and bring it the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture has thickened to a gravy consistency. Taste and season with salt, if needed.nRemove the string from the roulades and slice into medallions. Arrange the roulades on a serving platter and serve with the gravy.nWhat juicy breasts, ingredients: [3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 large onion, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienned, 12 bunch sage, leaves finely chopped, 1 pound bulk Italian sausage, crumbled, 1 turkey breast, removed from the bone, about 4 pounds, 2 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 eggs, 12 cup water, 1 12 pounds caul fat, 1 12 pounds sliced bacon, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup dry white wine, Thyme bundle], title: Sausage and Mushroom Stuffed Boneless Turkey Breast, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 51724: {instructions: For the poaching liquid: Place all ingredients in a casserole large enough to hold the liquids. Bring to a rapid boil, remove from heat and set aside. Let sit for 15 minutes. Strain and keep warm. For the ParsleyTarragon Puree: Place parsley, tarragon, and 12 cup poaching liquid in a blender and puree until smooth. Set aside. For the Beurre Manie: In a bowl, mix together the butter and flour to form a smooth paste. Set aside.nBring 3 cups of the poaching liquid to a simmer in a large saucepan. Add 4 each of the scallops and shrimp and poach for 3 to 4 minutes or until the shrimp tails are firm. Remove from broth. Remove heads and shells. Keep tails intact. Keep scallops and shrimp covered and warm. In a large saute pan melt 2 ounces butter and saute shallots and garlic. Add the remaining scallops and shrimp and saute for 1 minute. Add Savignon Blanc and 1 cup poaching liquid. Drain liquid into a clean pan, setting aside shrimp and scallops, and add two teaspoons beurre manier. Add halfandhalf and whisk to a smooth sauce. Simmer for a few minutes. Add 3 ounces butter, whisk without cooking the sauce. Add both sets of scallops, the wine poached shrimp, lemon juice, kosher salt, and white pepper, to taste. Place one portion in a deepdish plate. Garnish with one plain poached shrimp and one plain poached scallop. Place the tarragon and parsley puree making three dots in the sauce. Lean 3 fresh chives against the shrimp and scallop., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 cups Savignon Blanc, 3 large sprigs parsley, 2 large sprigs fresh tarragon, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs celery tops, 3 tablespoon chopped parsley, 13 cup fresh chopped tarragon, 2 ounce soft unsalted butter, 18 cup flour, 22 ounces Alaskan scallops {25 to 30 per pound}, 24 ounces Alaskan striped shrimp head on, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 3 ounces, softened, 3 teaspoons minced shallot, 2 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 cup Sauvignon Blanc, 3 cups halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt, White pepper], title: Alaskan Scallops and Striped Shrimp in Savignon Blanc and Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 51725: {instructions: Remove the oyster from the shell and place on paper towels. Reserve the bottom half of the shell and scrub well. Pick 6 sprigs of thyme and reserve for garnish. Sprinkle the other thyme over the oysters and season with pepper. Heat the olive oil in a small saute pan and add the oysters, thyme side down. Cook for 20 seconds until oysters are lightly brown. Return the oyster to bottom shell with a drop of lamb jus. Mound the salt over 6 small plates and place the oyster and shell on the salt. Garnish with remaining thyme sprigs, ingredients: [6 mediumsized East Coast oysters, 1 tablespoon lamb jus, 18 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 ounces olive oil, 12 ounces coarse sea salt for garnish], title: Amuse Bouche of Thymeroasted Oysters in the Shell, picturelink: null}, 51726: {instructions: Butter and flour 2 9 x 5 x 3inch loaf pans and set aside. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nWith an electric mixer cream the butter with 14 cup of the sugar and beat until it looks light and fluffy. Add the almond paste a bit at a time and continue to beat until the mixture looks light and fluffy. Add the yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, then beat in the vanilla.nBeat the egg whites with a pinch of salt until soft peaks form. Add the remaining sugar, a tablespoonful at a time, until the egg whites are stiff but not dry. Fold one quarter of the beaten whites into the butteralmond paste mixture, then fold that lightened mixture back into the remaining egg whites, sprinkling and adding in flour as you fold. Add melted chocolate, cutting through the batter with rubber spatula to marble the batter. Pour the batter into the prepared loaf pans and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean when inserted in the middle of the cake the cakes should be golden brown and pull away from sides of the pan. Let them set in the loaf pans for 15 minutes. Run a sharp knife around the edges and loosen the cakes onto a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [Butter and flour for loaf pans, 1 12 sticks softened unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 23 cups sugar, 12 cup almond paste, 5 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 large egg whites, Pinch salt, 3 cups sifted flour, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted], title: Marbleized Almond Pound Cake, picturelink: null}, 51727: {instructions: Cook the beef in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat until well browned, stirring often. Pour off any fat.nStir the soup, salsa, milk, tortillas and half the cheese in the skillet. Spoon the beef mixture into a 2quart shallow baking dish. Cover the baking dish.nBake at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes or until the beef mixture is hot and bubbling. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese.nCost per recipe: 8.14, ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Tomato Soup, 1 cup Paceu00ae Chunky Salsa OR Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, 12 cup milk, 6 flour tortillas 8inch OR 8 corn tortillas 6inch, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese about 4 ounces], title: Beef Taco Bake, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 51728: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat the canola oil to 360 degrees F. Fold the pot sticker skins to create a taco shape and fry in the canola oil. Set aside to cool.nIn a small bowl, gently toss the tuna, Mango Jicama Salsa and Sweet Soy Sauce. Fill each taco shell with 14 of the mixture, and finish with a 12ounce drizzle of the Wasabi Cream.nTo serve, arrange the tacos over a bed of the pea shoots and dress with the eel sauce.nIn a small bowl, gently stir all of the ingredients together. Allow the flavors to marry for 20 minutes before serving.nWhisk all ingredients in a small bowl until well combined. Let the mixture sit in the refrigerator for 15 minutes or until ready to serve.nCombine all of the ingredients in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Whip on high until the mixture forms hard peaks, about 5 minutes. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 cup canola oil, 4 pot sticker wrappers, 2 ounces sashimi grade ahi tuna, diced, 2 ounces Mango Jicama Salsa, recipe follows, 1ounce Sweet Soy Sauce, recipe follows, 2 ounces Wasabi Cream, recipe follows, 3 ounces pea shoots, 1ounce eel sauce, 1 cup mango, peeled and cut into 14inch cubes, 14 cup jicama, peeled and small diced, 14 cup 14inch diced red onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon sweet chili sauce, 1 teaspoon seeded and finely diced jalapeno, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 teaspoon chili flakes, 14 teaspoon wasabi powder, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons wasabi powder, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt], title: Johnny Garlics Ahi Won Tacos, picturelink: TD2wUsuhL05k3kJkdIwMeFtQm0m9YK}, 51729: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a medium casserole dish.nCombine the halfandhalf or milk, brown sugar, butter and salt in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Simmer until the butter is melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove from heat. Add the oats to a casserole dish and stir in the milk mixture, cinnamon, apples, apricots, pecans, raisins and cherries. Cooks Note: If the casserole seems dry, add milk to moisten.nTop with Cinnamon Oat Nut Topping and dot with butter. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl until well combined, ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf or milk, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup quickcooking oats, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup peeled chopped apple, 12 cup chopped dried apricots, 14 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons dried cherries, Cinnamon Oat Nut Topping, recipe follows, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons chopped pecans, 3 tablespoons oats, Butter, to dot the top], title: Apple Cinnamon Oatmeal Casserole, picturelink: null}, 51730: {instructions: For the coral sauce: Peel the tails of the prawns while keeping the heads on. Heat some oil in a saute pan. Cook the shrimp for 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and set aside. Add the gray shrimp to the pan and cook for 1 minute. Reserve with the prawns. Rinse and dry the cuttlefish fillets. Cut it in pieces. Puree the prawns with the gray shrimp, cuttlefish, preserved lemon, 14 cup of the lobster stock and the lemon juice. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and then add the Espelette. Check the consistency, and adjust it with the remaining 14 cup lobster stock. Puree until the sauce is homogenous, 5 minutes. Pass the sauce through a fine mesh strainer. Check the seasoning and the consistency. Reserve.nFor the gamberoni: Shell the tail of the prawns while keeping the heads on, and leaving the tail shell in place. Store in a cool place.nFor the vegetables: Peel the carrots, and cut into 8 pieces. Peel the fennel. Wash the zucchini, remove top and tail. Cut the asparagus lengthwise into 2inch pieces. Use a vegetable peeler to remove the hard outer skin. Wash and dry. Peel the red onions and rhubarb. Cut all of the vegetables using a mandolin into 12inchthick slices.nClean the scallions, removing their outer skin. Thinly slice. Cut each of the tomatoes into 3 petals.nRemove the larger leaves of the lettuce. Cut the heart into 12inchthick slices. Reserve all of the vegetables.nCooking the gamberoni: Heat a drizzle of olive oil in a saute pan. Sear the prawns on each side, coloring them slightly. Cook for 6 to 8 minutes, depending on their thickness. Drain and keep warm.nCooking the vegetables: In a saute pan, heat a dash of olive oil. Add the carrots and sweat for 1 minute, then wet with a little bit of broth. Cover and cook. Add the fennel. Cook for 1 minute. Add the onions and asparagus. Cook for another minute. Add the spring onions and rhubarb. Cook for 1 minute, covered, over low heat. Eventually add a little bit of broth while the vegetables cook. Keep covered.nUncover and add the arugula and the fava beans. All the vegetables must remain crisp. Adjust the seasoning. Add the tomato petals. Mix gently.nFinishing touches and presentation: Season the lettuce slices with a touch of olive oil, lemon juice and salt. Place in the bottom of the plates. Place the shrimp on top. Then place the vegetables. Finish with large drops of the coral sauce., ingredients: [Coral sauce:, 4 gamberoni jumbo shrimp, about 5 14 ounces150 g, Olive oil, 1 34 ounces50 g gray shrimp, 1 34 ounces50 g cuttlefish fillets, 14 preserved lemon, 14 to 12 cup5 to 10 cl lobster stock or seafood stock, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pinches Espelette pepper or Spanish paprika, Gamberoni:, 20 gamberoni prawns, Vegetables:, 2 medium carrots with leafy heads, 1 bulb fennel, 6 little zucchini, 3 green asparagus, 2 red onions, 1 stalk rhubarb, 4 scallions, 4 confit tomatoes, 1 head Little Gem lettuce or 1 romaine heart, 2 tablespoons3 cl chicken stock, 14 18 ounces400 g arugula, 2 34 ounces80 g shelled fava beans, Kosher salt, Presentation:, Lemon juice], title: Sauteed Gamberoni and Vegetables with Coral Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51731: {instructions: Make the topping: In a small bowl blend together butter, sugar, flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg until the mixture resembles coarse meal, and chill the topping while making the batter.nMake the batter: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl with an electric mixer, cream together butter and sugar and beat in the vanilla. In a small bowl stir together baking powder, flour, and salt, beat the flour mixture into the butter mixture alternately with the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and fold in the blueberries and the nectarines.nSpread the batter in a wellbuttered 10 by 2inch round cake pan or 2quart baking pan. Sprinkle the topping evenly over it and bake the buckle in the middle of a preheated 350 degree oven for 45 to 50 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean and the topping is crisp and golden. Serve the buckle with whipped cream., ingredients: [14 cup 12 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon doubleacting baking powder, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, 2 cups blueberries, picked over and rinsed, 2 nectarines, pitted and cut into 1inch wedges, Accompaniment: Whipped cream or ice cream], title: Blueberry and Nectarine Buckle, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 51732: {instructions: Put the bacon in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 4 minutes. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Add the carrots, garlic, tomato paste, thyme and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook until the carrots begin to soften, about 2 minutes.nAdd the chicken broth, 6 cups water and the parmesan rind. Increase the heat to high cover and bring to a boil. Add the pasta and beans and cook, uncovered, 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium and add the kale. Simmer, uncovered, until slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Remove the parmesan rind, stir in half of the grated cheese and season with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls and top with the remaining cheese.nPer Serving: Calories: 499 Total Fat: 16 grams Saturated Fat: 6 grams Protein: 23 grams Total carbohydrates: 66 grams Sugar: grams Fiber: 9 grams Cholesterol: 44 milligrams Sodium: 763 milligramsnPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 slices bacon, chopped, 1 small onion, diced, 3 carrots, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 34 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup grated parmesan, plus 1 small piece rind, 1 12 cups small pasta, such as ditalini about 8 ounces, 1 15ounce can white beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup frozen chopped kale, thawed and squeezed dry], title: Pasta, Kale and White Bean Soup, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 51733: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil and immerse the peaches in the water for 1 to 2 minutes, until the skins come off easily. Remove them with a slotted spoon and place them in a bowl of cold water to stop the cooking. Peel the peaches and then slice them in wedges off the pit and into a bowl. Stir in the sugar, Sauternes, and orange liqueur. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or overnight. Serve cool but not cold., ingredients: [6 to 8 very ripe yellow or white peaches, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 375 ml. bottle good Sauternes, 1 tablespoon orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Peaches in Sauternes, picturelink: null}, 51734: {instructions: Cut beef into 1inch diameter medallions, 14inch thick, rub with olive oil and season with kosher salt and ground black pepper.nSimmer bourbon until reduced by 34. Add veal glace. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and chill.nSear beef medallions until rare. Chill. Garnish with bourbon reduction and micro greens., ingredients: [1 pound beef tenderloin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint bourbon, 14 cup veal glace, 1 cup micro greens], title: Bourbon Beef Tenderloin with Micro Greens, picturelink: uLa1F9cVvMAa0KCAP6pNn1w0kqcMi.}, 51735: {instructions: Stir the first 7 ingredients and 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes in a large bowl to blend. Whisk in 1 12 teaspoons of salt and 12 teaspoon of black pepper. Set the salsa verde aside. Place the lamb in a 15 by 10 by 2inch glass baking dish. Rub the minced garlic, remaining 2 teaspoons of salt, 1 teaspoon of black pepper, and remaining 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes all over lamb. Pour 12 cup of salsa verde over the lamb, turning the lamb to coat evenly. Use immediately, or cover the dish and remaining salsa verde separately with plastic wrap and refrigerate up to 1 day.nSpray the grill rack with nonstick spray and prepare the barbecue mediumhigh heat. Grill the lamb until a meat thermometer inserted into the thicker parts registers 130 degrees F for mediumrare, turning occasionally, about 40 minutes. Transfer the lamb to a work surface and let rest 15 minutes.nCut the lamb across grain into thin slices. Arrange the lamb slices on a platter. Serve the remaining salsa verde alongside., ingredients: [14 cup salted capers, soaked for 30 minutes, drained, coarsely chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh Italian flat leaf parsley, 13 cup chopped scallions, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 cup olive oil, preferably extravirgin, 2 teaspoons dried crushed red pepper flakes, 3 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 12 to 5pound butterflied boned lamb shoulder, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Grilled Lamb with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 51736: {instructions: Saute onions and olive oil until onions are translucent about 3 minutes. Add in diced tomatoes, then add tomato puree. Add the remaining ingredients and 2 cups water. Let simmer for about 6 hours., ingredients: [2 large onions, diced, 12 cup olive oil, 8 number 10 cans diced tomatoes 28 ounces each, 4 number 10 cans tomato puree 28 ounces each, 12 cup salt, 12 cup pepper, 12 cup oregano, 14 cup basil, 12 cup garlic, chopped, 14 cup sugar], title: Tony N Tinas Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51737: {instructions: Rehydrate potatoes by soaking them in a bowl of cold water to soften then drain in a colander. Wrap potatoes in paper towels and squeeze out excess moisture. Add the carrots, zucchini, onion and matzoh meal to the potatoes.nWhip eggs with a whisk, until frothy. Add the egg mixture, a little at a time, to the potatoes until mixture is bound. Potato and vegetable mixture should be firm versus runny. Season with salt and pepper.nIn small skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium high heat. Place rounded teaspoons of potato mixture into pan and fry on both sides until golden brown.nServe with prepared applesauce for dipping., ingredients: [3 cups dehydrated potatoes may be called potato flakes, but must be dehydrated, 1 cup shredded carrots, 1 cup shredded zucchini, 12 cup minced onion, 12 cup matzoh meal, 2 cups whole eggs, Salt and pepper, to taste, Vegetable oil, for frying, Apple sauce, for dipping], title: Potato and Zucchini Latkes with Apple Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51738: {instructions: First, make the sesame mayonaise by combining the tahini, sesame oil, and soy sauce in a blender, then adding the rice wine vinegar to adjust to a mayonaise consistency.nTo make dressing, whisk all the ingredients together. Set aside.nPlace the Asian greens in a bowl. Lightly dress and toss. Place in a serving bowl, then place dressed wakame seaweed on top. Garnish with sesame mayonaise and toasted sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 pint tahini, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 grated carrots, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 cups sesame oil, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons ginger vinegar, 12 pound Asian greens tatsoi and julienne cucumbers, 1 pound seasoned wakame seaweed available at all Japanesse markets or restaurants, Sesame seeds for garnish], title: Salad of Asian Greens and Wakame Seaweed, picturelink: null}, 51739: {instructions: In a small bowl, soak the dried mushrooms in the hot water for 20 minutes. Drain and reserve the soaking liquid. Remove and discard the stems, dice the caps and set aside.nHeat a wok or pan over high heat and the vegetable oil. Once smoking, add the ginger, shallots and diced mushrooms and stirfry for a few seconds. Add in the squid, clams, mussels and shrimp, and stirfry until the shrimp tails begin to turn pink, about 2 minutes. Toss in the cooked rice. Then add the reserved mushroom soaking liquid and vegetable stock and bring to boil. Season the mixture with the rice wine, light soy sauce, a pinch of salt and 2 pinches of ground white pepper. Add the bok choy stems, bamboo shoots and cilantro stems and cook 1 minute before adding the bok choy leaves. Simmer until the seafood is cooked and the clam and mussel shells have opened. Discard any unopened clams or mussels. Serve immediately, garnished with the cilantro leaves., ingredients: [4 dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup boiling water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 2 shallots, peeled and finely chopped, 4 ounces squid, bodies cut into rings, 8 littleneck clams, cleaned, 8 mussels, cleaned and debearded, 4 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cups cooked jasmine rice, 3 to 4 cups vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, Sea salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 3 baby bok choy, cut in half through the stem and sliced, stems and leaves separated, One 8ounce can bamboo shoots, 1 handful fresh cilantro, stems left whole and leaves chopped], title: Mixed Seafood Congee, picturelink: null}, 51740: {instructions: Heat 3 inches olive oil in deep frying pan to 375 degrees.nRoll dough into 4 10inch circles and fry, one at a time, until golden brown, about 6 to 7 minutes, to create the tarongia. Drain each tarongia on paper towels and set aside.nIn a medium saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil until just smoking and add sliced fennel bulb. Cook until soft and golden brown, stirring regularly, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain fennel and allow to cool. Mix in fennel fronds and set aside.nSpread 14 fennel mixture on top of each tarongia and sprinkle each with 2 tablespoons Caciocavallo. Place 4 anchovies on each tarongia and sprinkle with remaining Caciocavallo. Broil each tarongia until light golden brown and serve warm., ingredients: [1 recipe basic bread dough, Olive oil for frying, 16 fresh marinated anchovies see basic recipe, 1 bulb fennel, fronds removed and saved, bulb trimmed and sliced 18inch thick, 1 cup freshly grated Caciocavallo cheese, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil], title: Tarongia with Fennel, Fresh Anchovies and Caciocavallo, picturelink: null}, 51741: {instructions: This cake has been made at Ballymaloe for years. We even have guests who ask for it specifically every time they visit. The fruit sinks to the bottom as it cooks, leaving a light sponge on top with a lovely sugary crust.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line the sides and base of a 8 by 8inch square cake pan with parchment paper.nUsing an electric whisk or hand held mixer, whisk the eggs, 6 ounces caster sugar, and vanilla extract in a large bowl, until the mixture is thick and mousselike, and the whisk leaves a figure of eight pattern, this will take about 5 minutes.nMelt the butter in a saucepan with the milk, and then pour the mixture onto the eggs, whisking continuously. Sift in the flour, cinnamon, and baking powder, and fold carefully into the batter so that there are no lumps of flour. Pour the mixture into the prepared pan, and smooth the surface.nPeel and core the apples, and cut them into thin slices, and then arrange them over the batter. They will sink to the bottom. This is meant to happen Sprinkle the cake with the remaining 12 ounce sugar, and bake in the oven for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, and bake until well risen and golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes.nAllow the cake to cool in the tin, cut into squares and serve warm. It is delicious with cream, ingredients: [2 eggs, 6 ounces caster sugar superfine, plus 12 ounce extra sugar, for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 12 ounces milk, 4 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 2 small or 1 large Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples, 2 12 ounces heavy cream, to serve], title: Dutch Apple Cake, picturelink: null}, 51742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil. Peel the broccoli stems and slice them into 12inchthick coins or oddball shapesjust keep them all about the same size. Blanch them in the boiling water until forktender, 2 to 4 minutes. Cool them in ice water drain.nBring the vinegar, salt, sugar, pickling spice, bay leaf, lemon zest and juice and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Pour over the broccoli and let cool. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours., ingredients: [Stems from 1 bunch broccoli, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pickling spice, 1 bay leaf, Zest and juice of 12 lemon], title: Pickled Broccoli Stems, picturelink: TJedmKVW2WmSFT01rodKRh74CMlxJYm}, 51743: {instructions: Combine the ham hocks and collard greens in a large pot. Add the water, season with salt and pepper, and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook the greens gently until they are very tender, about 1 12 hours. Serve the greens accompanied by slices of baked ham., ingredients: [1 ham hock, 3 pounds collard greens, leaves torn and stems chopped, 1 cup ham drippings combined with 1 gallon water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: baked Virginia Ham or Danish Ham, drippings reserved.], title: Collard Greens, picturelink: R0p9Oyj1pnNcLVwM.ucssBBnai8DUei}, 51744: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for 30 minutesnHeat grill to high. Skewer 2 pieces of the beef onto 2 skewers so that the meat lies flat. Brush the meat liberally on both sides with the GarlicMustard Glaze. Grill the meat for 2 to 3 minutes per side until golden brown and cooked to mediumrare doneness, brushing with the remaining glaze while grilling. Remove from grill and serve.nWhisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before using., ingredients: [One 2pound beef tenderloin, halved and cut into 1inch slices, GarlicMustard Glaze, recipe follows, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup grainy mustard, 2 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons Spanish paprika, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey], title: GarlicMustard Grilled Beef Skewers, picturelink: xcrlhDLwmSqMDWSCxMp75XUeJJm.9Qq}, 51745: {instructions: Boil water in a medium saucepan. Add a dash of salt and lemon juice. When water boils, add shrimp, until they turn an opaque pink color. Remove shrimp from pan and shock in cold water to stop the cooking.nIn a large bowl, combine watermelon, honeydew, onion and jalapeno.nIn a separate bowl mix together: lime juice, honey, olive oil and dash of salt and peppernDrizzle over melon salad and toss to combine., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound shrimp, cookedpeeled and deveined, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 pounds seedless watermelon, rind removed, cut into chunks, 1 honeydew, rind removed, cut into chunks, 12 red onion, sliced thin, 1 jalapeno, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp and Melon Salad, picturelink: VxAqNjrz.l6A3j7j1d7cI9R4nXjqwq}, 51746: {instructions: For the stew: In heavy, large saucepan over moderatelyhigh heat, heat 3 tablespoons oil until hot, but not smoking. Add the onion, carrot, and celery and saute, stirring occasionally, until light golden brown, about 10 minutes.nAdd the beef and saute, stirring occasionally, until brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add wine and thyme, stir well, and bring to boil.nAdd the tomatoes, salt, and pepper, then lower heat to moderately low, cover, and simmer, stirring every 15 minutes, until the beef is tender, about 2 hours.nFor the polenta: While the beef is simmering, make the polenta. Pour the olive oil into a large serving bowl and swirl to coat. Set aside.nIn heavy, large pot over moderatelyhigh heat, bring stock to a boil. Lower the heat to moderate and gradually whisk in the polenta, stirring constantly. Continue cooking, stirring constantly, until polenta thickens and pulls away from sides of pan, about 5 minutes. Transfer the polenta to an oilcoated serving bowl and keep warm. Let the polenta sit for 5 to 10 minutes so it can set up.nWhen the beef is tender, use tongs to remove the tomato skins, if desired and the thyme sprigs.nTurn the polenta out of the bowl, slice, and serve alongside the stew., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, cut into medium dice, 3 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 stalks celery, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 pounds stew beef boneless chuck, excess fat trimmed, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 12 cups dry red wine, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 medium tomatoes, halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 cups vegetable stock or broth, 1 cup instant polenta], title: Tuscan Beef Stew with Polenta, picturelink: null}, 51747: {instructions: Heat oil in a large deep frying pan adding chopped onions and fry for 4 to 5 minutes on a medium heat or once the onions are slightly brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for a further 1 or 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt, chili powder, green chili, ground cumin and turmeric.nTurn up the heat and further cook for another 1 minute then put in the chicken. It is very crucial that spices are mixed within the pan at this point to ensure that the chicken cooks with texture and flavor. Add water after stirring the chicken into the spices.nTurn down the heat slightly and stir in the garam masala and fenugreek and cook for a further 5 minutes, also adding in the bell pepper stirring now and again. Serve sprinkled with green coriander., ingredients: [6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon ginger, julienne, 2 to 3 fresh tomatoes, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 green chili, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 pound chicken, cooked, 1 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala, 12 teaspoon dried fenugreek, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped green coriander], title: Chicken Karahi, picturelink: null}, 51748: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small pot bring the tomatoes, wine, whole basil sprigs, garlic, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste, to a simmer cook until slightly thickened, 10 minutes set aside.n2. Meanwhile, puree the cottage cheese in the bowl of a food processor until smooth. add the ricotta, spinach, 14 cup chopped basil, scallions, nutmeg, and salt and pepper and pulse until just combined set aside.n3. Coat a large nonstick skillet with nonstick cooking spray set over medium heat. Cook the sausage and onion, breaking it up with a wooden spoon into small pieces, until the meat is browned and the onion tender, 10 minutes.n4. Assemble the lasagna: Mist a 9inch by 13inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Spread 12 cup tomato sauce on the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Top with 3 noodles, half the ricotta mixture, half the sausage and 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese. Repeat layers with sauce, noodles, remaining ricotta and sausage and 12 cup mozzarella cheese. Top with remaining noodles and sauce. Cover with aluminum foil and bake until the noodles are tender and the sauce is bubbling around the edges of the pan, 1 hour.n5. Uncover, sprinkle with remaining mozzarella cheese and continue to bake until melted, 10 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 14 cup basil. Serve., ingredients: [1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 cup dry red wine, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, plus 2 whole sprigs, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce container 1 percent lowfat cottage cheese, 1 15ounce container partskim ricotta cheese, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 2 scallions, chopped, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 8 ounces lean sweet Italianstyle turkey sausage, casings removed, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 9 sheets noboil lasagna noodles, 5 12ounces, recommended: Barilla, 1 12 cups partskim shredded mozzarella cheese, 6 ounces], title: Sausage Lasagna, picturelink: .oOjmiBDmY9vygbBjHqy.lTS6uAGDr.}, 51749: {instructions: Begin by browning the breakfast sausage in a skillet over medium heat. Drain off the grease and reduce the heat to low.nCrack the eggs into a bowl. Add the halfandhalf, seasoned salt and some pepper, and whisk to beat the eggs lightly.nWith the heat still on low, pour the egg mixture over the sausage mixture. Now, with a spoon or spatula, very gently stir the mixture. Continue lightly cooking over low heat until the eggs are set. Now taste and adjust the seasoning, adding more seasoned salt or pepper if desired.nTo assemble, warm the stack of tortillas on a paper towel in the microwave for about 30 seconds. Place a heaping spoonful of egg mixture onto the middle of a warm tortilla, and top with a spoonful of Breakfast Potatoes. Tuck in the sides and roll the tortilla until closed. Wrap in foil sheets and keep warm until ready to serve.nFor cheesy and spicy variations, add grated Monterey Jack, jarred jalapenos, hot sauce or all three.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until fork tender, about 45 minutes.nPlace the hot potatoes on a cutting board and dice them into 1inch pieces.nHeat a skillet over mediumlow to medium heat. Next, put a tablespoon of canola oil in the skillet. Add in some butter and the onions and saute until they start to turn brown. Next, throw in the cooked diced potatoes and the peppers. Salt and pepper the potatoes, then stir them around, slightly pressingpacking them in the skillet. Cook without stirring for 5 to 7 minutes. You want to make sure the pan is hot enough to crisp the potatoes. Add more butter to the pan as necessary for moisture.nAfter several minutes, use a spatula to flip the potatoes over and cook on the other side for another 5 to 7 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound breakfast sausage, 10 eggs, 14 cup halfandhalf, 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, Ground black pepper, 12 flour tortillas, Breakfast Potatoes, recipe follows, Grated Monterey Jack cheese, Jarred jalapenos, Hot sauce, 12 russet potatoes, Canola oil, for frying, Butter, for frying, 1 large onion, cut into fine dice, 1 green pepper, cut into fine dice, 1 red pepper, cut into fine dice, 1 yellow pepper, cut into fine dice, Salt and ground black pepper], title: PWs Breakfast Burritos, picturelink: H33GNKe4K.fB5vt3X.zSzVkkGSt66ue}, 51750: {instructions: Put the sorbet, sake, and frozen peaches into a blender. Blend well and serve immediately garnished with sliced peaches., ingredients: [1 pint peach sorbet, 2 cups cold sake, 1 cup frozen sliced peaches, plus more for garnish], title: Sake Sorbet Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 51751: {instructions: Puree 1 12 cups cubed watermelon, 1 cup tequila, 12 cup each lime juice and orange liqueur, 1 to 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and 3 cups ice in a blender. Divide among glasses garnish with lime and watermelon.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Frozen Watermelon Margaritas, picturelink: ENkQ3B1Yy.XWo5RhwdiK62X5TUmMuGm}, 51752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put potatoes, yams, milk, salt, and pepper into a saucepan over medium heat, bring to a simmer and cook until potatoes and yams are partially cookedabout 10 minutes. Pour out the potatoes and milk into a buttered and salt and pepperseasoned 9 by 13inch baking pan. Arrange potatoes so they are evenly layered. Sprinkle top with cheese and chives.nCover pan with foil and bake until potatoes are tender, about 35 to 45 minutes. Remove the foil and raise the temperature to 400 degrees F. Continue to bake another 15 minutes and then broil until the top is golden brown.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [20 ounces yellow or white potatoes, peeled and sliced into 18inch thickness, 5 ounces yams, peeled and sliced into 18inch thickness, 12 ounces milk, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, Butter, 2 ounces sharp cheddar, 14 cup sliced chives], title: Potato and Yam Au Gratin, picturelink: null}, 51753: {instructions: In a large stockpot over high heat, cover the chicken with water and bring to a boil. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes, or until tender. Drain and set aside to cool completely, about 20 minutes, then dice.nIn a large bowl, mix together the chicken, yogurt, grapes, almonds, pecans, cranberries, apples and onions. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve on toasted bread or with crackers., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 12 cups lowfat plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup seedless red grapes, preferably Concord, halved, 12 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 small Granny Smith apples, finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Toasted bread or crackers, for serving], title: Billies Houdini Chicken Salad, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 51754: {instructions: Beat the heavy cream and 14 cup chocolate syrup in a bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form, about 3 minutes. Refrigerate until ready to use. Hull and chop all but 6 strawberries and toss them with the sugar in a separate bowl set aside.nMelt the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl on mediumhigh power in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth, about 2 minutes. Dip the 6 whole berries in the chocolate, then transfer to a sheet of parchment paper and let cool.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the pound cake slices and cook until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side transfer to a plate. Wipe out the skillet and melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Add the chopped strawberries and 1 tablespoon water and cook until juicy, about 2 minutes.nDrizzle some chocolate syrup on each plate top each with a piece of pound cake. Top with some of the chopped strawberries and their juices, a dollop of the chocolate whipped cream and a chocolatecovered strawberry.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 cup cold heavy cream, 14 cup chocolate syrup, plus more for drizzling, 1 quart strawberries, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 slices pound cake], title: Toasted Pound Cake With Strawberries and Chocolate Cream, picturelink: Wdqo3aqv2UVJ5n976pAlGXCN6AlEI2}, 51755: {instructions: In a saucepot add the stock, water, lemongrass, garlic, chile pepper, and a couple inches of thicksliced ginger. Bring to a boil reduce heat to simmer and cover, steeping the flavor into the broth for 5 to 6 minutes. Strain the broth or skim out the flavorings with a slotted spoon. Reduce the heat to low and slice 1inch peeled ginger into thin matchsticks and stir into the clear broth. Beat the eggs and then swirl slowly into the broth to create egg ribbons. Add the scallions and wilt in the chard. Remove from heat and serve in bowls immediately., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock, 2 cups water, A few stems lemongrass cut into 3inch lengths, 1 large clove garlic, crushed, 1 chile pepper, split, 1 3 to 4inch piece fresh ginger, 2 extralarge eggs, 4 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 2 cups thinly shredded rainbow chard, packed], title: Lemongrass and Ginger Egg Drop Soup with Rainbow Chard, picturelink: HMO.nX8HkeLyBUD..QyVZbrM7qcC3IS}, 51756: {instructions: In a mortar and pestle muddle together the ginger and sugar. Add the mixture to a cocktail shaker filled with ice along with the shochu, raspberry flavored rum, guava and lime juices.nStrain and pour into a martini glass and garnish with the slice of ginger., ingredients: [12 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 level bar spoons sugar, 2 ounces shochu juice usually found in concentrate form, dilute first, 12 ounce raspberry flavored rum recommended: Bacardi Razz, 1 ounce guava juice, 12 ounce lime juice], title: Spicy Ginger ChuHi, picturelink: null}, 51757: {instructions: For the passion fruit butter: Put the passion fruit juice in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil and reduce to about 12 cup. Stir in a little honey to taste. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nCombine the reduced passion fruit juice, the softened butter, and salt in a bowl and mash together with a fork until well integrated. Set aside.nFor the piloncillo syrup: Bring the orange juice and zest, lime juice and piloncillo to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk until smooth. Whisk in the butter, piece by piece, until thickened. Keep warm.nFor the blue corn pancakes: Mix together the allpurpose flour, blue cornmeal, sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. In another bowl, whisk the eggs and add the milk and the 2 tablespoons melted butter, whisking until combined. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and mix until just combined there should be some lumps. If the batter seems too thick, add milk, 1 tablespoon at a time. Cover and let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes.nPreheat a castiron skillet or griddle over medium heat. Brush generously with some of the clarified butter. Ladle about 14 cup of the batter onto the skillet for each pancake. Cook until the bottom is light golden brown, flip over, and continue cooking for about 30 seconds. Remove to an ovenproof plate and keep warm in a 200 degree F oven until ready to serve. Repeat with the remaining batter, brushing the skillet with more butter between batches.nServe in stacks of 3 pancakes per person. Dollop each stack with some of the passion fruit butter, then drizzle with piloncillo syrup. Top with banana slices, dust with confectionersu00bf sugar and garnish with mint., ingredients: [2 cups passion fruit juice, Touch of honey, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, Pinch fine salt, 12 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice, 34 cup grated piloncillo or brown sugar, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup blue cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups whole milk, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup clarified butter, 2 bananas, peeled and sliced, Confectionersu00bf sugar, for dusting, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Blue Corn Pancakes with Piloncillo Syrup and Passion Fruit Butter, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 51758: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease casserole dish.nShuck the corn and cut all kernels off with a knife into a bowl, making sure to keep all of the runoff juice from the corn. Reserve.nMix together the milk, heavy cream, cheese, cayenne pepper and eggs. Add in the reserved corn, cheese, cayenne, salt, and pepper. Pour mixture over reserved corn.nPour into casserole dish and bake for 35 minutes or until set., ingredients: [6 ears sweet corn, 12 cup milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup white cheddar cheese, shredded, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Corn Pudding, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 51759: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nStarting from backbone remove all bones except for maybe the tips of the wings. Reserve bones.nFor the chicken stock:nTo a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add about 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil. Once heated, add the vegetables and saute until onions are translucent. Next add the chicken bones and cover with water by about 1 to 2 inches. Bring the mixture to a boil. Once at a boil, reduce the heat and continue to simmer for about 3 to 4 hours, skimming the top as necessary. Next, remove the saucepan from the heat and strain. Either allow the stock to cool down and refrigerate or keep warm until needed.nFor the stuffed chicken:nStuff boudin mixture into the chicken and sew back together to reform chicken shape. Place chopped onion in bottom drip pan of a 2 piece roasting pan. Place the chicken, breastside up, in the roasting pan. Place a small piece of butter under the skin on each chicken breast. Season chicken well with Cajun seasoning and cayenne pepper. Place in oven covered at 375 degrees F for about 45 minutes, then uncover and cook an additional 15 to 30 minutes. Deglaze drip pan with white wine or chicken stock and reduce. Pour into strained chicken stock. In a small bowl combine 1 tablespoon cornstarch with 3 tablespoons cold water and whisk until combined. Whisk the cornstarch slurry into the stock mixture and bring to a boil, allowing the sauce to thicken. If the sauce is too thin, add more cornstarch slurry. If its too thick, add more water. After chicken has rested, top with the gravy and serve with a side of smothered okra, tomatoes and butterbeans, if desired., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, Olive oil, 2 onions quartered and not peeled, 5 cloves garlic, 4 stalks celery, 1 pound boudin, or an Italian sausage stuffing, 12 cup chopped onion, Butter, Cajun seasoning, to taste, Cayenne pepper, to taste, White wine or chicken stock, Cornstarch, Smothered okra and tomatoes, for service, optional, Butterbeans, for service, optional], title: Boudin Stuffed Boneless Roasted Chicken, picturelink: xUcqkCtnrQifAXLakIwx1sCvCahAfgu}, 51760: {instructions: Carefully cut a pocket into the duck breast lengthwise being careful not to cut all the way through. Combine the vinegar, melted butter, and olive oil, with a little salt and pepper in a bowl, with duck breast, and marinate for at least 8 hours, refrigerated. When ready to grill, remove breast from marinade. Macerate the dried cherries in 1 cup of the Champagne for 10 minutes. Pour the rest of the champagne in a saucepan and simmer, until reduced to 1 cup set aside and let cool. In a small mixing bowl, mix together the goat cheese, macerated cherries, and walnuts until well combined. Stuff each duck break with the mixture and seal with a toothpick.nWhen the Champagne has cooled to room temperature, stir in the sugar. Before the sugar begins to dissolve, brush the mixture onto the duck breast and place on a preheated grill. Grill 3 minutes on 1 side then turn 45 degrees to create nice grill mark crosshatches. Continue to brush the duck breasts with the glaze while cooking. Flip the breast and cook on the other side, until cooked through, slightly pink inside. In the last seconds of grilling, place the breast on the hottest part of the grill for 8 to 12 seconds to sear. Plate and serve immediately.nServe with roasted root vegetables like cubed butternut squash, acorn squash, and parsnips, or maple syrup whipped sweet potatoes., ingredients: [2 duck breasts, 1 cup champagne vinegar, 14 cup butter, melted, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup diced dried cherries, 1 bottle Champagne, 12 cup goat cheese recommended: Bucheron, 14 cup diced toasted walnuts, 1 tablespoon turbinado sugar, Serving suggestion: roasted root vegetables like cubed butternut squash, acorn squash, and parsnips, or maple syrup whipped sweet potatoes], title: Goat Cheese, Cherry, and Walnut Stuffed Duck Breast with a Champagne Glaze, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 51761: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the broccolini, garlic, 2 tablespoons water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until the broccolini is tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat keep warm.nWhisk the eggs, 2 tablespoons water, and salt and pepper to taste in a medium bowl. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the egg mixture and cook, stirring gently with a rubber spatula, until just cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes.nDivide the cheese, broccolini and scrambled eggs among the rolls. Top with pepperoncini and drizzle with pepperoncini brine. Serve with chips.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 34 pounds broccolini 2 to 3 bunches, cut into 2inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 large eggs, 8 slices sharp provolone cheese, 4 hoagie rolls, split, Sliced pepperoncini, plus brine from the jar, for topping, Potato chips, for serving optional], title: Egg and Broccolini Sandwiches, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 51762: {instructions: Special equipment: a digital or chocolate tempering thermometer, a 24cavity halfsphere polycarbonate chocolate mold, 2 bench scrapers, a nonstick silicone mat, a 1inch round cookie cutter and 2 disposable pastry bagsnFor the apricot jam: In a medium saucepan, soak the apricots in the Sauternes until softened, about 30 minutes.nAdd the granulated sugar, the vanilla bean seeds, the scraped vanilla bean pod and 2 12 cups of water to the saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower to a simmer and continue to cook slowly until the apricots are very soft and the mixture is slightly caramelized, 1 hour or more.nAdd the lemon juice and lemon zest and simmer for 10 minutes more. Remove the saucepan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool.nWhen cool, remove the vanilla bean pod and place the apricot mixture in a food processor and pulse until slightly chunky. Drain off the excess liquid, if there is any. Refrigerate the apricot jam in a covered container until ready to use.nFor the chocolate shells: Melt 24 ounces of the chocolate in a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water fitted with a digital or chocolate tempering thermometer. Heat to 115 to 120 degrees F.nRemove the bowl of chocolate from the heat and add the remaining 8 ounces of chocolate. Stir until all the added chocolate has melted. The temperature of the chocolate should be below 86 degrees F. If not, allow the chocolate to continue to cool, stirring frequently, until it reaches 85 to 86 degrees F.nPlace the bowl of chocolate over the simmering water again and reheat for a few seconds at a time, stirring well, until the temperature has risen to 87 to 91 degrees F. Do not allow the temperature of the chocolate to exceed 91 degrees F, or you will have to repeat the procedure from the beginning. Wipe any moisture from the underside of the bowl before proceeding.nLadle the tempered chocolate into a 24cavity halfsphere polycarbonate chocolate mold, filling the cavities completely. Tap the mold on the table or countertop several times to release air bubbles in the chocolate. Invert the mold over a large, clean bowl and allow the excess chocolate to drip out. Scrape the drips with a large thin spatula or blade and then invert the mold again. Scrape once more, making sure to leave clean edges around each cavity in the mold.nScrape any leftover chocolate into one bowl. Reheat and maintain the temperature between 87 to 91 degrees F.nLeave the shells to set at cool room temperature, or place the mold in the refrigerator for no more than 5 minutes to help the chocolate begin to set. Reserve the remaining tempered chocolate for the spider legs.nFor the chocolate almond croquant: In a small bowl, mix the almond butter with the dark chocolate. Set aside and keep warm.nPlace a small saucepan over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle in 2 tablespoons of the sugar. Allow the sugar to melt without stirring. Tilt the pan if necessary to help the sugar melt evenly. Add 2 or 3 additional tablespoons of sugar and allow it to melt. The sugar may begin to caramelize at this point. Raise or lower the heat as needed to control the melting and prevent the sugar from burning. Continue to add the sugar in increasing increments until it has all been incorporated. Make sure all the sugar has melted you may stir gently at this point and continue to heat until a slight smoking of the caramelized sugar occurs.nImmediately remove the pan from the heat and add the butter. Stir the mixture until the caramel absorbs most of the butter. Reheat the caramel, if necessary, to keep it fluid.nReheat the almond butter and chocolate mixture if necessary. It should feel warm to the touch. Scrape the mixture onto a nonstick silicone mat and spread to a thickness of about 14inch.nHave ready 2 bench scrapers. Pour the caramelized sugar and butter mixture onto the top of the almond butter and chocolate mixture. Using the bench scrapers, fold the mixture over itself repeatedly. The more you mix, the smoother the texture will become. As you continue to fold, the mixture will begin to cool and will absorb any butter or chocolate that has leaked out.nQuickly shape the croquant mixture evenly, cover it with another silicone baking mat and use a rolling pin to roll the croquant to 38inchthickness. Remove the mixture from the silicone mats and cut it into disks slightly smaller than your hollow chocolate shells.nTo assemble: Transfer the apricot jam to a disposable pastry bag and snip a small opening. Pipe the jam into the prepared chocolate shells, filling about halfway. Press a croquant disk into the mold, making sure to leave a slight headspace.nLadle the remaining tempered chocolate onto the top of the mold, filling in the headspace of each chocolate shell. Tap the mold a few times on the table to release air bubbles. Use a spatula or blade to scrape the excess chocolate from the top of the mold. Let set at cool room temperature for a minimum of 2 hours, or preferably overnight.nBefore unmolding the filled chocolate shells, place the mold in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes. Welltempered chocolate will contract as it sets and release cleanly. Remove from the refrigerator, flex the mold slightly, and carefully invert to release the chocolates. These will be your spider bodies.nArrange the spider bodies on a clean piece of parchment or wax paper. Transfer some of the remaining tempered chocolate to a small pastry bag and pipe a small mound of chocolate that touches each spider body. This will be the spideru00bfs head. Allow these to set until firm.nPipe spider legs onto a separate piece of parchment or waxed paper. When the legs are set, carefully remove them from the parchment paper and use the reserved tempered chocolate to attach the legs to the bodies., ingredients: [1 pound 4 ounces dried apricots, 1 14 cups Sauternes, or another white wine such as Riesling or muscat, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, Grated zest from 1 lemon, plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 pounds finely chopped semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, 3 34 ounces almond butter, 2 ounces dark chocolate 65percent, melted, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Creepy Spiders Filled with Apricot Jam and Chocolate Almond Croquant, picturelink: null}, 51763: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set a wire rack into a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil.nSprinkle the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper.nCombine the flour and some salt and pepper in a medium baking dish. In a second baking dish, combine the eggs, milk and minced garlic. In a third dish, combine the panko and garlic salt.nDredge the chicken breasts through the flour mixture, dusting off any excess then through the egg mixture, letting excess drip off and then through the panko breadcrumbs, making sure to coat the breasts on each side. Set the breaded chicken breasts on the wire rack and refrigerate for 30 minutes to allow the breading time to set.nFill a large, deep skillet halfway with vegetable oil and heat to 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nUsing tongs, carefully place the breaded chicken in the hot oil, working in batches to avoid crowding the pan. Fry until light golden on both sides, about 4 minutes. Return the chicken to the wire rack.nDollop 2 tablespoons of Marinara Sauce over each piece of chicken and sprinkle the chicken evenly with the Parmesan and mozzarella. Transfer to the oven and bake until the chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes. Serve warm.nHeat the olive oil in a large heavybottomed pot over a mediumhigh flame. Add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the carrots and celery, season with salt and pepper and saute until all the vegetables are soft, another 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and oregano and simmer, uncovered, over low heat until the sauce has thickened, about 1 hour. Season to taste with more salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup flour, 3 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 7 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 34 cup Nancys Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 32ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Garlicky Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 51764: {instructions: Butter the bottom and sides of a 9 by 11inch baking pan and set aside.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the wine and cook until completely reduced.nAdd the stock and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the cornmeal, stirring until it begins to thicken. Season with salt and pepper, reduce the heat to medium, switch to a wooden spoon, and continue cooking and stirring until the mixture is smooth and soft, about 20 minutes. If the mixture becomes too thick, stir in some water, it should be a pourable consistency. Stir in the corn kernels and pour the mixture into the prepared pan and spread evenly. Cover and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. Cut the cornmeal mixture into even squares.nHeat the grill to high. Brush the cakes on both sides with some of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the cakes until golden brown and slightly charred on each side, about 1 12 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and top each cake with some of the relish.nCombine the corn, chiles, onion, lime juice, honey, oil and cilantro in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Let the relish sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving. The relish can be made 8 hours in advance and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for grilling the cakes, 1 medium Spanish onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 cups shrimp stock chicken stock or vegetable stock can be substituted, 1 cup white stoneground cornmeal, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 ears perfectly grilled corn, kernels removed, 6 ears perfectly grilled corn, kernels removed, 2 poblano chiles, grilled, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon honey, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Grit Cakes with Grilled Corn and Grilled CornGreen Chile Relish, picturelink: mMcASfXJ9ZTN6DTh5u5nkH0fj7K8Fpy}, 51765: {instructions: Make vinaigrette: In a medium bowl, with a whisk, beat together 12 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, mustard, salt, pepper. Add 12 tablespoon olive oil and beat until emulsified. Add the other 12 tablespoon of vinegar and 1 more tablespoon of olive oil and beat until emulsified. Top the mixture with the remaining 1 12 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the garlic clove. Refrigerate until ready to use.nOn 1 slice each of bread layer sliced avocado and tomato. Drizzle the vinaigrette over sandwiches. Top with a sprig of cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon prepared Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove peeled, 4 slices white peasant bread, 1 ripe haas avocado, 1 ripe tomato, Fresh cilantro sprigs for garnish], title: Open Faced Avocado Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 51766: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, shake all ingredients together. Strain into an 8ounce martini glass., ingredients: [1ounce vanillaflavored vodka recommended: Skyy Vanilla Vodka, 1ounce Tuaca liqueur, Splash pineapple juice, Splash lime juice recommended: Finest Call Lime Juice], title: Finest Call Key Lime Pie, picturelink: null}, 51767: {instructions: Chop the shrimp in a food processor, until smooth consistency. Combine the mixture in a bowl with the crabmeat and minced vegetables and season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide the mixture into 8 portions and shape into patties. Dredge the patties in flour and panfry them in olive oil until golden brown, approximately 2 minutes on each side.nBring 12 cup of water to a boil. To the boiling water add half of the tomatillos, jalapenos, onions, garlic and cilantro, cook at a low heat for 5 minutes. Let cool. Puree in a blender with the other half of the vegetables along with the lime juice and olive oil., ingredients: [8 ounces shrimp peeled, cleaned and deveined, 6 ounces Dungeness crab meat, cleaned, 1 tablespoon minced onion, 1 tablespoon minced celery, 1 tablespoon minced red peppers, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno peppers, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper, 12 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon flour for dredging optional, 2 tablespoons olive oil for frying, 12 cup water, 8 ounces tomatillo, husks removed, chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeds removed, 2 tablespoons onions, minced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup chopped cilantro], title: Shrimp and Crab Cake with Tomatillo Relish, picturelink: null}, 51768: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut 2 tablespoons of the butter and 2 tablespoons of olive oil into a large skillet and place it over high heat for 2 minutes. Season the chicken breasts with a sprinkling of salt and pepper and place 4 of the breasts in the pan skin side down. Sear for 1 minute or until the skin is crispy and a golden brown. Turn the breasts and sear 1 more minute. Remove to a baking dish and repeat the process with the rest of the butter, oil and breasts. Place the baking dish into the oven for 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd orange juice, chicken broth, and tarragon to the hot skillet. Cook until reduced by about 34 sauce should coat the back of a spoon. Right before serving, whisk in the butter. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nServe the chicken with the sauce spooned over the top., ingredients: [8 chicken breasts, skin on and wing bone attached, 4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup orange juice, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 sprigs tarragon, 4 TBS unsalted butter, cut into bits], title: French Chicken Breast with Orange Tarragon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51769: {instructions: Mix white wine and curry paste, while mixing slowly add oil to emulsify. Skewer the rest of the ingredients and marinate in curry marinade, let sit 1 hour to overnight.nGrill until all vegetables are cooked.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 1 cup yellow curry paste, 2 cups olive oil, 1 organic firm tofu, cut into strips, 1 red bell pepper, diced into 2inch pieces, 1 red onion, diced into 2inch pieces, 12 baby shiitake mushrooms, cleaned, stems discarded, 1 Japanese eggplant diced into 2inch pieces], title: Curried Tofu Vegetable Skewers, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 51770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the balsamic dressing: In a blender, combine the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Gorgonzola, basil, garlic, a pinch each of salt and pepper and 2 tablespoons water. Blend until the dressing is creamy and the garlic and basil are finely chopped.nFor the grilled romaine: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat.nLightly brush the cut sides of the romaine with the canola oil. Place the romaine on the grill cutside down and cook until grill marks form and the leaves are slightly charred, 1 to 3 minutes. Arrange on a platter cutside up.nDrizzle the romaine with the dressing. Sprinkle with the Gorgonzola and torn basil and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons crumbled Gorgonzola, 6 leaves fresh basil, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 romaine hearts, halved lengthwise, Canola oil, for brushing, 14 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, for garnish, 4 leaves fresh basil, torn, for garnish], title: Grilled Romaine with Balsamic Dressing, picturelink: st60XxzUKE5EQrBJ8IjaoLuiH8wG6a}, 51771: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan, fry the bacon until halfcooked. Add the mushrooms and red onions and saute until the bacon is fully cooked and onions have softened. Increase the heat to high. Add the collard greens and cook until the greens are wilted. Turn off the heat and set the pan aside.nIn a separate pan, melt the butter and then add the flour. Cook, whisking frequently, to create a smooth, blond roux this will take 3 to 4 minutes do not brown, as the goal is just to remove the raw taste from the flour. Slowly add the cream while whisking and adjust the heat to keep the sauce at a simmer. Add the salt and pepper to taste it should taste like a moderately salty cream gravy. Continue cooking until the sauce thickens and easily coats the back of a spoon.nButter an 8by12inch casserole dish or 8to10cup capacity casserole. Combine the collard greens with cream sauce and transfer to the casserole. Top with the cheese and frenchfried onions. Bake, uncovered, until the cheese begins to brown, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [13 cup butter, plus more for greasing pan, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups heavy cream, Salt and ground black pepper, 8 ounces bacon, diced, 1 cup sliced baby portabello mushrooms, 34 cup diced red onion, 2 bunches collard greens, rinsed, deveined and cut into 18inch wide strips, 12 to 34 cup grated Asiago, 12 cup frenchfried onions], title: Collard Greens Gratin, picturelink: null}, 51772: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F.nFor the fruit: Halve the nectarines along their natural seam, but leave skins on. Cut each half into 3 wedges. Toss nectarines with blueberries, sugar, and tapioca and put into a buttered 9inch round gratin or casserole dish. Dot the top of the fruit with the pieces of butter.nFor the cobbler top: Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Rub in 2 tablespoons of the butter with your fingertips until no visible pieces remain. Rub in the remaining 4 tablespoons butter just until it is in even, peasize pieces. Whisk together the egg and cream and stir into the dry ingredients to make a shaggy, loose dough.nSpoon large spoonfuls of dough on top of the fruit in clumps it should look like rough, oldfashioned cobblestones, hence the name cobbler. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center of the topping comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool cobbler on a rack, about 20 minutes.nServe warm or room temperature, with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream, if desired.nServing suggestions: Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [6 ripe nectarines, about 1 pound, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon instant tapioca, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced into small pieces, plus more for the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced into small pieces, 1 large egg, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Blueberry and Nectarine Cobbler, picturelink: 6qqSzxq2dFJON3giCiIHY6a4bI6Odr2}, 51773: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil and butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat until shimmering. Add the red onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and starting to brown, about 15 minutes. Add the green onions and garlic and cook for 2 minutes longer. Stir in the spinach cook until the leaves begin to wilt. Add the chives, cilantro, parsley and dill, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Take the skillet from the heat and stir in the pine nuts.nBeat the eggs, milk and some pepper in a blender on low speed for about 30 seconds. Pour the eggs over the veggie mixture. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the omelette is just set and lightly golden brown on top, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on a baking rack for 5 minutes, then place a large platter over the top of the skillet and flip the omelette onto the platter, bottomside up. Slice into wedges and top with a dollop of yogurt if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 4 green onions, white and pale green parts only, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 ounces baby spinach, coarsely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pine nuts, 9 large eggs, 14 cup whole milk or halfandhalf, 1 cup Greek yogurt, for serving, optional], title: Persian Baked Omelette, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 51774: {instructions: Heat a medium saucepan to medium heat. Once heated, add the oil and allow to heat up. Once the oil is heated, add the onions and saute until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the rice, raisins, turmeric and garlic. Toss to coat. Saute gently until you smell a nutty aroma, about 2 minutes, and then add the stock. Bring to a boil, cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook until the rice is tender, about 45 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to steam for 5 minutes prior to removing the lid. Season with salt and pepper, and fluff with a fork before serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons coconut oil, 12 cup finely diced onions, 1 cup shortgrain brown rice, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 teaspoon grated fresh turmeric, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 2 12 cups vegetable stock or water, Salt and pepper], title: Turmeric Rice, picturelink: null}, 51775: {instructions: In a large stockpot, cover the beans with water, covering them by 2 inches. Add bay leaf, cumin, oregano, and Italian pepper. Simmer until the beans are tender, about 45 minutes.nAfter 45 minutes, remove the pepper.nIn a saute pan, saute onions, red, and green peppers until translucent. Puree in a blender, this is the sofrito.nIn the same pan, saute the garlic. Add to the beans, along with the sofrito, 14cup olive oil, sugar, and vinegar. Season with salt and continue to cook until very thick, about 45 minutes. Garnish with finely chopped red onion., ingredients: [1 pound black beans, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 tablespoon oregano, 1 Italian frying pepper, halved, Olive oil, for sauteing, plus 14 cup olive oil, 1 white onion, large dice, 1 red pepper, large dice, 1 green pepper, large dice, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 18 cup white vinegar, Salt, 12 cup finely chopped red onion, for garnish], title: Cuban Black Bean Soup, picturelink: null}, 51776: {instructions: Brine the legs in the sugar, salt and water mixture overnight. Set up a steamer with a large bamboo basket and cover. In a bowl, mix together molasses, soy, vinegar, ginger and five spice powder. Brush the glaze on the legs and place in the steamer. Steam for 2 to 3 hours on low steam, occasionally brushing more glaze on and checking the water level. When a paring knife can easily penetrate the pork, its ready. Pull steamer basket with the pork off, glaze again and set aside. Dump water out of wok, wipe dry and line with foil. Add the rice, tea and sugar and mix well. Turn wok on medium heat and watch for smoke. When it starts to smoke, turn heat to low and replace basket on wok. Seal with wet kitchen towels placed between the wok and basket. Smoke on low heat for 10 minutes. Turn wok on high for 30 seconds, then turn it off completely. It will continue to smoke. Let stand 30 minutes. For service, if pork is cold, resteam for 8 minutes then deep fry at 350 degrees until brown, about 5 minutes. If pork is still room temperature, then just deep fry.nIn a skillet on medium heat, add bacon and cook until crisp. Drain bacon on paper towels and when cool, chop into 18inch pieces. Pour off bacon fat and reserve. In the same skillet, add garlic, onions and jalapeno, brown and season, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add stock and boil. Slowly sprinkle in grits and whisk to incorporate well. Cover and let simmer, on very low heat for 12 minutes or until all liquid is absorbed and season. Check for seasoning and add back the bacon and scallions. Reserve hot.nIn a saucepan on medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of butter and saute ginger and onions until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add cassia and apples, cook 2 minutes and season. Add juice and simmer until a 50 percent reduction. Whisk in remaining butter and check for seasoning.nPLATING: Serve family style. On a large platter, place grits in center and surround with apples. Place pig on top some can be presliced and garnish with chives. Serve with side of sambal., ingredients: [2 hind quarters suckling pig, about 6 pounds each, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup salt, Water, to cover, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup dark soy sauce, 14 cup Chinese black vinegar, 1 tablespoon ginger powder, 1 tablespoon five spice powder, 1 cup rice, 1 cup black tea leaves, 1 cup sugar, 6 slices bacon, 12 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 medium white onion, minced, 1 minced jalapeno, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup grits, 14 cup sliced scallions, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 heaping tablespoon minced ginger, 1 large yellow onion, 12inch dice, 12 tablespoon cassia powder or cinnamon, 8 Fuji apples, peeled and 12inch dice, 1 cup apple juice, 12 cup chopped chives, for garnish, Salt and white pepper, to taste, 114 cups sambal, for side], title: Smoked Legs of Suckling Pig with GarlicBacon Grits and Cassia Apple Chutney, picturelink: null}, 51777: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nMix 5 cups of flour, the ginger and baking soda in a large bowl. Set aside.nCream shortening and sugar in large bowl with mixer. Add molasses and lightly beaten eggs. Blend well. Gradually add dry ingredients. Knead in remaining flour, if necessary. Chill dough 1 hour for best rolling results.nLightly grease cookie sheets. Roll out dough to 18inch thick directly onto cookie sheets. Cut patterns, removing excess dough. Chill 10 minutes before baking. Bake for 5 to 8 minutes.nLet cookies cool.nNext, to assemble house, you will want to make a simple cardboard house to use as your base to help hold the house together. Begin applying cookies to the cardboard using your frosting as glue. Once cookies cover the entire house you can decorate with colorful candies such as gumdrops, peppermint sticks and licorice., ingredients: [5 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup solid vegetable shortening, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 cups dark molasses, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Frosting, either storebought or homemade, Brightly colored candies such as gumdrops, licorice, peppermint sticks, etc.], title: Gingerbread House, picturelink: XGIz2W7.E0c3coNJjoAbBL31DhsFgwi}, 51778: {instructions: Clean the squash and place them in the top of a steamer set oven gently simmering water. Partially cover and cook for 10 to 15 minutes, until tender. Remove from the heat and, when cool enough to handle, scoop out the top 13, scooping deep into the center to make a nice cup to hold the filling. Chop the scoopedout squash into 14inch dice and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees and lightly oil a large oval or rectangular baking dish. In a large heavy skillet heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until softened. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute more, until the aroma of the garlic is released. Add the zucchini and cook until tender, about 6 minutes. Add the reserved pattypan flesh, almonds, cream, salt, and pepper ad stir for a few minutes, until the mixture is thickened and clumpy. Remove from the heat and stir in all the cheese except for 2 tablespoons, which will be reserved for garnish. Mound some of the mixture on top of each squash and place them in he baking dish. Cover loosely with aluminum foil and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the foil and sprinkle with the reserved cheese then bake for 5 minutes more to melt the cheese. Serve the patty pans accompanied by a small sprig of marjoram., ingredients: [12 medium pattypan squash, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, 1 medium zucchini, halved and inner core discarded, skin diced, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted see Note and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 6 sprigs fresh marjoram, leaves only, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Mexican Manchego or aged Jack cheese, Small sprigs of marjoram, for garnish], title: Stuffed Patty Pan Squash, picturelink: null}, 51779: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise and cayenne pepper in small bowl reserve 12 for dipping. Combine breadcrumbs with parsley. Coat chicken with remaining mayonnaise mixture, then coat with bread crumbs. Arrange chicken on baking sheet.nBake chicken 12 minutes or until chicken is golden brown and thoroughly cooked. Serve with reserved dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 12 tsp. cayenne pepper or to taste, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., cut into strips, 12 cup plain dry bread crumbs, 1 Tbsp. chopped fresh parsley], title: Mouthwatering Baked Buffalo Chicken, picturelink: null}, 51780: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring 4 cups water to a boil, reduce the heat so the water simmers and add the garlic. Cook for 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and salt, raise the heat and bring to a boil, stirring until the salt dissolves. Remove from the heat.nIn 2 clear 1quart jars, place a few sprigs of dill. Divide the seeds and peppercorns between the jars. Using tongs, remove the garlic from the brine and place 5 cloves in each jar. Then pack the jars full of cucumbers, carrots, scallions or green beans, cauliflower and chiles. You want them to be tightly stuffed.nBring the brine back to a boil, pour it over the vegetables to cover completely, let cool, then cover and refrigerate. The pickles will taste good in just a few hours, better after a couple of days. And theyll keep for about 3 months., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, 1 teaspoon mustard seed, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon pink peppercorns if you have em, Several sprigs fresh dill, 2 cups white vinegar, 1 tablespoon salt, 6 medium carrots, halved lengthwise, 6 kirby cucumbers, cut lengthwise into quarters, 4 hot red chiles or 2 jalapenos, whole or for more heat halved, 4 scallions, white parts only], title: Fresh Refrigerator Pickles: Cauliflower, Carrots, Cukes, You Name It, picturelink: ycnKe6Hohz0mIfi8nTK0eV.RZU2u2}, 51781: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPat the shrimp dry with a paper towel. In a small bowl combine cornstarch, salt, pepper, and cayenne. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until foamy. In another bowl, place the coconut. Coat the shrimp with the cornstarch and shake off any excess. Dip into the egg white and then press into the coconut to get full coverage. Try to keep 1 hand dry, this will keep things a little cleaner.nIn a large pan, heat the oil to 350 degrees F and gently submerge the shrimp, 6 at a time. Fry for about 3 minutes or until golden brown. Remove them to a rack to drain. Serve with Peanut Sauce.nIn a food processor, puree the chicken stock, coconut milk, lime juice, soy sauce, fish sauce, hot sauce, chopped garlic, and ginger. Add the peanut butter and pulse to combine. Fold in the cilantro and keep refrigerated until ready to serve.nBring sauce to room temperature and serve with coconut shrimp.nYield: approximately 2 cups, ingredients: [24 large 15 to 20 count shrimp, peeled, deviened, and butterflied, 12 cup cornstarch, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon fresh ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 egg whites, 2 12 cups sweetened shredded coconut, or 2 12 cups shredded fresh coconut, Canola or peanut oil, for frying, Peanut Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup chicken stock, 3 ounces unsweetened coconut milk, 1 ounce lime juice, 1 ounce soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce or 2 to 3 anchovies, ground, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 12 cups creamy peanut butter, 14 cup chopped cilantro], title: Coconut Shrimp with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: jAGOdObekqrSxbF2BGX8BSaUbF2oYW}, 51782: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry cutternFor the perfect spiced pie crust: Mix the flour, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg in a bowl. Add the butter and vegetable shortening. Work the butter into the flour using a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles tiny pebbles. Add the white vinegar, egg and 5 tablespoons cold water and stir until just combined.nForm 2 equalsized balls. Place each in a large plastic bag do not seal and slightly flatten with a rolling pin this makes it much easier to roll out the crust later. After flattening, seal the bag tightly. Place in the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to chill.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove 1 bag of dough from the freezer save the other dough for another use, remove the dough from the bag and place it on a lightly floured surface. Roll the dough starting at the center and working outward. Be gentle and patient itll take a little time to get the dough completely rolled out. If you think the bottom is really sticking to the surface below while rolling, use a metal spatula to loosen it. When fully rolled out, loosen again with a spatula and lift the pie crust into a 9inch pie pan or you can roll the pastry over the rolling pin, lift it onto the pie pan and unroll it. Gently press the dough against the corner of the pan and tear off any excess dough. Then tuck under the edges and go around the pie pan pinching the dough to crimp the edge.nFor the pie filling: In a bowl, mix the apples, lemon juice, granulated sugar, flour and salt. Set aside.nFor the crumb topping: Cut the butter into the flour with a pastry cutter, then add in the brown sugar, oats and salt.nAdd the apples to the prepared pie shell and top with the crumb topping. Bake for 1 hour, covering the edge of the crust with foil if it starts to brown too quickly. After an hour, sprinkle the chopped pecans over the pie, then bake for a further 5 minutes.nRemove the pie from the oven and pour 12 jar or more, if youre feeling dangerous and naughty of caramel topping over the top. Allow to cool slightly before serving u2014 or dont if you cant wait, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons salted butter, cut into pieces, 34 cup vegetable shortening or lard, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 6 to 7 cups peeled and sliced Granny Smith apples, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup quick oats, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup pecans, chopped, 12 jar or more caramel topping], title: Caramel Apple Pie, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 51783: {instructions: Add the desired amounts of milk, oats, yogurt, chia seeds and banana to a jar or container and give them a good stir. Refrigerate overnight or for at least 5 hours.nIn the morning, add additional liquid if youd like. Once you achieve the desired consistency, top with fruit, nuts, nut butter, seeds, protein powder, granola, coconut, spices, zest or vanilla extract., ingredients: [13 to 12 cup liquid such as dairy milk, almond, cashew or coconut milk, 13 to 12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 13 to 12 cup yogurt, optional, 1 teaspoon chia seeds, optional but highly recommended, 12 banana, mashed, optional, Serving suggestions: fruit fresh or dried, nuts, nut butter, seeds, protein powder, granola, coconut, spices, citrus zest and vanilla extract], title: Overnight Oats, picturelink: d.50.dYGTP3o3kQN4OT76TT3g7lwJO}, 51784: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a soup pot over medium heat. Add oil. When oil is hot, add onion. Saute onions 5 minutes. Add broth, tomatoes, black beans and pumpkin puree. Stir to combine ingredients and bring soup to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low and stir in cream, curry, cumin, cayenne and salt, to taste. Simmer 5 minutes, adjust seasonings and serve garnished with chopped chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 cups canned or packaged vegetable stock, found on soup aisle, One 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, One 15ounce can black beans, drained, Two 15ounce cans pumpkin puree found often on the baking aisle, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 palm full, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 palm full, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, eyeball it in the palm of your hand, Coarse salt, 20 blades fresh chives, chopped or snipped, for garnish], title: Pumpkin and Black Bean Soup, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 51785: {instructions: In a mortar and pestle, pulverize garlic, anchovies, tomato pulp, and pepper. Add lemon juice gradually and mix thoroughly to a soft paste. Set aside.nIn chicken fryer pan with deep sides, saute onion in olive oil until translucent. Add mussels and 12 cup of the wine. Bring to a boil, cover, and simmer until mussels open, about 10 to 15 minutes. Do not allow to dry out. Add more wine, if needed. Take out mussels, arrange on a serving platter.nTo pan juices add more wine, if needed, add the garlic paste. Stir thoroughly. Pour over mussels. Decorate with basil leaves and serve with hunks of good Italian peasant bread for sopping up juice., ingredients: [1 to 3 cloves garlic, smashed with back of knife, 6 anchovy fillets, Pulp of 3 or 4 tomatoes, Black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 medium onion, thinly sliced, Olive oil, for sauteeing, 4 pounds mussels, debearded and scrubbed, 12 cup white wine, plus 12 cup, 2 or 3 leaves basil], title: Berthas Favorite Mussels, picturelink: null}, 51786: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a pot of water to boil for the pasta. Salt the water then add the pasta and cook to al dente or, with a bite to it.nWhile pasta cooks, heat a medium heavy bottomed pot over medium heat. Add the extravirgin olive oil and butter. When the butter melts into the oil, add the thyme and grate the onion directly into the pot with a hand held grater or Microplane. Cook the grated onion in butter and oil 1 to 2 minutes, then add flour and cook together 1 to 2 more minutes. Whisk in stock, then combine with butternut squash until warmed through and smooth. Stir in cream or halfandhalf and bring sauce to a bubble. Stir in cheeses in a figure 8 motion and season the completed sauce with salt, nutmeg and pepper. Taste to adjust seasonings.nDrain cooked pasta well and combine with sauce. Serve alongside chicken sammies and top with thyme leaves picked from remaining sprigs Boo would also have a little extra sprinkle of that cheese, please, ingredients: [1 pound macaroni with lines, such as tubatini or mini penne rigate, Salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 medium onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, plus a few sprigs for garnish, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 10 ounce box frozen cooked butter nut squash, defrosted, 1 cup cream or halfandhalf, 2 cups 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, grated, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, eyeball it, Black pepper], title: Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 51787: {instructions: In a very small saucepan over moderate heat bring water with granulated sugar to a boil. Add zest and simmer, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Drain zest in a fine sieve a small bowl toss to coat with superfine sugar., ingredients: [34 cup water, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 navel orange, zest removed with a vegetable peeler and cut into 12  inch long strips, 3 tablespoons superfine sugar], title: Candied Orange Peel, picturelink: null}, 51788: {instructions: In a small bowl, squeeze lemons, and set aside. Pull off tough outer leaves of artichokes, and discard. Trim tops and bottoms of artichokes, and discard. Slice in half lengthwise, and remove any fuzzy choke from heart of artichokes. Slice as thinly as possible, and toss immediately in lemon juice to prevent discoloration.nBrush any dirt off mushrooms. Trim base of stems. Thinly slice lengthwise, and place in a medium bowl. Remove artichokes from lemon juice with a slotted spoon and combine with mushrooms. Toss with olive oil, salt, pepper, and half the cheese. Place on 4 salad plates, and top with remaining cheese., ingredients: [2 lemons, halved, 6 to 8 baby artichokes, 4 to 5 medium cremini mushrooms, 4 to 5 medium button mushrooms, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces ParmigiannoReggiano, thinly shaved], title: Baby Artichoke, Cremini and Button Mushroom Salad, picturelink: null}, 51789: {instructions: Heat in oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl mix chopped peanuts, granulated sugar and cinnamon set aside.nIn another small bowl, stir peanut butter and powdered sugar until completely blended. Shape mixture into 24 1inch balls.nCut roll of cookie dough into 12 slices. Cut each slice in half crosswise to make 24 pieces flatten slightly. Shape 1 cookie dough piece around 1 peanut butter ball, covering completely. Repeat with remaining dough and balls.nRoll each covered ball in peanut mixture gently pat mixture completely onto balls. On ungreased large cookie sheets, place balls 2 inches apart. Spray bottom of drinking glass with CRISCOr Original NoStick Cooking Spray: press into remaining peanut mixture. Flatten each ball to 12inch thickness with bottom of glass. Sprinkle any remaining peanut mixture evenly on tops of cookies gently press into dough.nBake 7 to 12 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Cool 1 minute remove from cookie sheets to cooling rack. Store tightly covered.nHigh altitude 35006500 ft: No change.nFisher is a registered trademark of John B. Sanfilippo and Son, Inc. Elk Grove Village, IL 600076057 U.S.A.nrJIF is a trademark of The J.M. Smucker CompanynC and H is a registered trademark of C and H Sugar Company, Crockett, CAnDomino is the registered trademark of American Sugar Refining, Inc. Yonkers, NY 10750nrCRISCO is a trademark of The J.M. Smucker Company, ingredients: [14 cup Fisherr Dry Roasted Peanuts, finely chopped, 14 cup Dominor or C and Hr Granulated Sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup JIFr Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 cup Dominor or C and Hr Powdered Sugar, 1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyr Create n Baker refrigerated peanut butter cookies, well chilled], title: Winner: DoubleDelight Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 51790: {instructions: Place the bread crumbs, Parmesan, nutmeg, and a pinch of salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the eggs and carefully mix together with your hands until it forms a soft doughlike consistency. Allow the dough to rest for approximately 20 minutes in a cool place. Once ready, place through a potato ricer to create short noodlestyle pasta shapes.nBring the chicken stock to a boil. Add the pasta to the chicken stock. Once the passatelli have risen to the surface, they are ready to eat. Serve with a fresh tomato and basil sauce, ingredients: [3 12 ounces 80 grams bread crumbs, 4 ounces 100 grams freshly grated Parmesan, Large pinch grated nutmeg, Salt, 2 large eggs, 6 cups chicken stock, Tomato and basil sauce, store bought or home made, as accompaniment], title: Passatelli, picturelink: null}, 51791: {instructions: In large mixing bowl, cream the butter with the sugars until smooth. Add the vanilla, eggs, baking soda and salt and beat until light and fluffy.nMix in the flour thoroughly until the dough is stiff and shape into a ball. Divide the ball into 4 parts and wrap separately in plastic wrap. Chill 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and divide each part in half.nKnead each piece slightly and shape it into a roll 2 inches in diameter.nWorking with two rolls at a time, place rolls lengthwise on an 11 by 16inch rimless baking sheet and flatten with palms of hands. Roll two strips of dough out right on the baking sheet to make two strips 3inches wide and 16 inches long about 2 inches apart. With a straightedged knife, score into elongate triangles. Leave the dough in place and press a piece of almond onto the edge of the short side of each triangle where the trunk of the tree should be.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove from the oven and with a straight edged knife cut in triangles while still warm to separate them along the scored lines but leave them in place. Trim the uneven edges to straighten while cookies are still warm.nMix the ingredients for the white icing and the green icing in separate small bowls. Drizzle the icings decoratively over the Christmas trees and while the icing is still wet, sprinkle with the colored sugar or nonpareils., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup slivered almonds, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 to 4 tablespoons cream or milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 to 4 tablespoons green Creme de Menthe or water, Few drops green food coloring if using water, Colored sugar or nonpareils], title: Brown Sugar Christmas Trees, picturelink: null}, 51792: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the butter, egg yolk, lemon juice, mustard, bread crumbs, green onions, parsely, and garlic. Pulse for 1 to 2 minutes to throughly combine into a paste. Pour the butter mixture onto a piece of plastic wrap, roll the wrap as you would a cigar, into a cylindrical shape, and refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours until hardened.nCut the halibut into four to six equal steak portions.nBrush the soaked wood with oil and place into the oven on a baking sheet for 10 minutes to begin to season the wood. Brush the fish with oil ands season with salt and pepper.nRemove the hardened butter from the refrigerator, unwrap, and cut into 14inch thick slices. Place 1 or 2 slices on top of each piece of fish. Place each halibut steak on top of a hot cedar plank and put the planks into a roasting pan large enough to hold them all side by side. Put the roasting pan into the oven and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the fish is cooked to the desired degree of doneness and the butter has melted into a browned crust. Remove from the oven and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped green onions scallions, 2 tablespoons parsley, 1 clove garlic, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 to 2 pounds halibut fillet, all skin and bones removed, Salt and pepper, 4 untreated cedar wood planks or shingles, 4inches by 6inches by 12inch, soaked in warm water for 30 minutes], title: Cedar Planked Green Onion Halibut, picturelink: null}, 51793: {instructions: Place the rice in a large bowl and rinse under cold running water for 5 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat the oil in a medium heavy saucepan over medium low heat. Add the onion and saute until soft, but not brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 1 more minute to release the aromas. Add the peas, carrots and string beans, and cook slightly, about 2 minutes. Add boiling water and rice, cover tightly and simmer for 1520 minutes, or until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender. Stir with a fork and serve hot., ingredients: [2 cups long grain rice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 pound green peas, 3 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 12 pound string beans, cut into small pieces, 2 cups boiling water], title: Arroz a la Jardinera, picturelink: null}, 51794: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill on mediumlow heat. Using a fork, mix together the feta, 13 cup warm water, 14 teaspoon of the Italian seasoning, the lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a small mixing bowl until the mixture comes together and the feta is in small chunks. Set aside.n2. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sirloin, the remaining 14 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and cook until the meat is no longer pink and begins to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain any liquid off and set aside.n3. Spread the feta mixture on the pitas and top with the cooked meat. Place a large piece of nonstick foil directly onto the preheated grill. Place the pitas on the foil, cover and grill until the bottoms begin to char and the cheese melts, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and sprinkle with the sliced mint, olives, tomatoes and onions. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup feta cheese, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, Zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces ground sirloin, Four 6inch pitas, 2 tablespoons sliced fresh mint about 2 sprigs, 10 pitted black olives, halved, 1 plum tomato, cut into 14inch slices, 14 small red onion, thinly sliced], title: Mediterranean Pita Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 51795: {instructions: Fill shaker with ice. Add Smirnoff Raspberry Flavored Vodka, lime juice, and lemonlime soda. Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with lime slice., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Smirnoff Raspberry Flavored Vodka, 1 splashes lime juice, 2 oz. lemonlime soda, 1 slices limes], title: Raspberry Gimlet, picturelink: null}, 51796: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until crispy, 6 to 8 minutes remove to a plate. When cool, crumble and set aside for garnish.nAdd the onions and garlic to the pot, and cook in the rendered bacon grease until softened, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the flour and some salt and pepper, and stir until combined. Cook for 3 minutes, so the raw flour taste cooks out. Add the chicken broth and heavy cream, whisking to remove any flour lumps. Add the potatoes and cook over medium heat until tender, about 10 minutes.nWith a potato masher, break up the cooked potatoesu00bfthis will yield a thick and chunky consistency. Whisk in sour cream and then the shredded cheddar let it melt through.nServe garnished with crispy crumbled bacon and sliced scallions., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, chopped, 2 medium yellow onions, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 pounds russet potatoes, chopped, 1 cup sour cream, 3 cups shredded cheddar, 4 scallions, sliced, for garnish], title: Loaded Potato Soup, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 51797: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 9inch round fluted tart pan with removable bottom with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Add vanilla. Sift flour into small bowl add to shortening mixture. Mix on low speed until mixed.nTRANSFER to lightly floured surface shape into disk. Press onto bottom and up sides of prepared pan make sure the finished edge is flat. Chill until firm.nPLACE a square of aluminum foil over crust fill shell with 2 cups dried beans or rice to keep crust flat. Bake 20 minutes. Remove foil and beans bake about 20 minutes longer or until lightly browned. Cool.nHEAT 34 cup cream and 1 tablespoon shortening in microwave in medium bowl until boiling about 90 seconds. Add chocolate chips whisk until smooth. Set aside.nRESERVE 12 cup chocolate mixture. Pour remainder into cooled crust. Refrigerate 1 hour. Remove from refrigerator. Beat cream cheese in large bowl with electric mixer until fluffy.nADD remaining 12 cup cream, 1 cup whipped topping, coffee crystals, cocoa powder and powdered sugar. Beat on high 2 minutes or until coffee has dissolved, scraping down sides occasionally.nSTIR in 12 cup toffee bits. Spread over chocolate layer. Refrigerate 2 hours or overnight, if desired. Spread remaining whipped topping over coffee layer sprinkle with remaining 14 cup toffee bits.nCUT tart into 8 slices place slices on serving plates. Place remaining chocolate mixture in small resealable plastic food storage bag. Microwave until warm. Cut small corner off bag squeeze to drizzle over tart slices serve., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, TART SHELL:, 34 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, chilled, 12 cup sugar, 12 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 34 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, FILLING:, 1 14 cups heavy cream, divided, 1 tbsp. Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 1 12 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 8 oz. pkg. cream cheese, softened, 1 8 oz. container frozen whipped topping, thawed, 4 tsps. FOLGERSu00ae Instant Coffee Crystals, 1 tbsp. cocoa powder, 12 cup powdered sugar, 34 cup toffee bits, divided], title: Coffee Toffee Tart, picturelink: null}, 51798: {instructions: Pour the olive oil into a large heavy bottomed pot with the garlic. Place over a medium flame and let the garlic brown. Be careful not to let it burn. Put the tomatoes through a blender to liquefy. Add to the browned garlic along with the parsley, oregano, salt and pepper. Bring the tomato mixture to a boil, reduce to a simmer and carefully drop the meatballs into the sauce. Let simmer for 1 hour.nAdd the peas and the cooked pasta and serve hot with grated cheese. Serve with Italian bread, if desired.nPut the ground beef into a large mixing bowl. Add the eggs, garlic, parsley, salt, cheese and pepper and mix by hand until well combined. Form the mixture into 1 inch balls  a small ice cream scoop works well for this. Place the meatballs close together on a baking sheet as you make them. When finished, drop them into the simmering sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 3 28ounce cans peeled pear tomatoes, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Meatballs, recipe follows, 1 10ounce package frozen sweet peas, thawed, 1 pound ditalini pasta, cooked al dente, Grated Romano, for garnish, Italian bread, for serving, 4 pounds ground beef, 2 eggs, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup Romano, grated, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Zuppa di Polpettini, picturelink: null}, 51799: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8inch square baking pan with canola oil. Beat the egg whites and granulated sugar with a mixer until stiff peaks form, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk both flours, the almonds and baking powder in a bowl. Beat the egg yolks in a large bowl. Whisk 12 cup oil, the orange and lemon juices and the marmalade into the yolks until combined. Stir in the dry ingredients, then fold in the beaten egg whites until just combined. Add the raisins, if desired.nTransfer the batter to the prepared pan. Bake until the cake is golden and springs back when touched, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the syrup: Bring 34 cup water and the granulated sugar to a boil in a saucepan squeeze in the orange juice and add the peel. Simmer until syrupy, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly.nPour the syrup over the cake while both are still warm. Cool completely, then cover with plastic wrap and let soak overnight. Cut into squares and top with confectioners sugar andor almonds.nPhotograph by Roland Bello, ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, plus more for the pan, 3 large eggs, separated, 13 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups semolina flour, 14 cup ground almonds, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup orange marmalade, 14 cup golden raisins optional, Confectioners sugar andor chopped almonds, for topping, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 orange], title: Marmalade Cake, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 51800: {instructions: Combine all ingredients. Store in an airtight container away from light and heat for up to 4 months., ingredients: [6 tablespoons dried thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons fennel seed, 2 12 tablespoons dried summer savory leaves, 1 12 tablespoons dried rosemary leaves, 1 12 tablespoons crumbled bay leaves, 1 12 tablespoons dried lavender flowers], title: Herbes de Napa, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 51801: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain. Whisk the peanut butter, vinegar, 2 tablespoons each water and soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, the carrots and half of the jalapeno in a large bowl. Add the noodles and toss to coat.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons sesame oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites, ginger and garlic cook, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Add the pork and cook, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons soy sauce.nTransfer the pork mixture to the bowl with the noodles. Add half of the scallion greens and cilantro and toss to coat, adding enough of the reserved pasta water to loosen. Serve topped with the remaining jalapeno, scallion greens and cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces Chinese chow mein noodles or spaghetti, 13 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 2 carrots, shredded about 34 cup, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped remove seeds for less heat, 1 bunch scallions, chopped white and green parts separated, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces ground pork, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Peanut Noodles with Pork, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 51802: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut squash in half and scoop out seeds. Use a pastry brush to brush squash with olive oil and sprinkle with pumpkin pie spice set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, stir to combine remaining ingredients. Fill centers of squash with stuffing mixture.nPlace in a baking dish and cover with foil. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes.nRemove foil and continue baking another 15 to 20 minutes or until squash is fork tender.nCut each half acorn squash into half and serve hot., ingredients: [1 large acorn squash, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice recommended: McCormick, 1 cup brown ready rice recommended: Uncle Bens, 14 cup frozen raspberries, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon frozen orange juice concentrate, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup light raspberry and walnut vinaigrette], title: Acorn Squash with Raspberry Stuffing, picturelink: yNkfAMyIxg1Nh1PcxzMOq3tpcefwHbu}, 51803: {instructions: For the lamb chops:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOver high heat, preheat a large skillet with cooking oil. Liberally season the racks of lamb with salt and fresh ground pepper. Place the meat in the pan and sear all sides over high heat until evenly browned. Place the racks on a sheet pan and place in the oven to finish cooking. See Chefs Note 1. For medium rare, about 8 minutes medium, about 10 minutes and well done, about 15 minutes. These are general guidelines but the cooking times will vary depending on the size of the rack.nAfter they are finished cooking in the oven, remove the racks and allow them to rest approximately 10 minutes. Cutting from the meat side of the rack, so that you can better visualize the chop size, cut each chop individually.nFor the yogurt:nPlace the yogurt, lime juice and garlic in a blender and puree on high speed until blended. While blending, slowly incorporate the mint and season with salt, cayenne, and cumin.nFor assembly:nLiberally cover a nice serving platter with the yogurt sauce. Arrange the chops on the platter and decorate with extra mint leaves and pinches of paprika., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cooking oil, 1 rack of lamb choose the smallest racks possible Frenched and cleaned, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 lime, juiced, 3 cloves garlic, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, plus extra for garnish, Salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: Baby Lamb Chops with Mint Yogurt Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51804: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Rub on steak prior to cooking, ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 3 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried mustard, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon hot pepper flake], title: The Perfect Rub, picturelink: null}, 51805: {instructions: 1. In small saucepan cook vinegar over low heat about 5 minutes or until reduced to 2 tablespoons and syrupy. Set aside.n2. In small bowl stir together olive oil and garlic. Brush bell peppers, zucchini and eggplant with olive oil mixture.n3. Grill peppers and zucchini over medium heat for 5 minutes, turning occasionally. Add burgers and eggplant to grill. Grill for 4 to 6 minutes more or until burgers are heated through and vegetables are tender, turning occasionally. Remove from grill. Cut vegetables into 34 to 1inch pieces.n4. To serve, spoon vegetables on burgers. Drizzle with balsamic vinegar.nON THE GRILL:nUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [13 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 medium yellow bell pepper, 12 medium red bell pepper, 1 small zucchini, halved lengthwise, 1 baby eggplant or Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise, 4 Grillersu00ae Original or Grillersu00ae Vegan Veggie Burgers], title: Burgers with Chunky Grilled Vegetables, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}, 51806: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the cream cheese, Parmesan, jalapenos and egg to form a paste. Shape into balls using about 12 tablespoon of paste for each. Roll the balls in the breadcrumbs. Place on an ungreased baking sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 8 ounces Parmesan, grated about 2 cups, 4 tablespoons seeded and chopped jalapeno peppers, 1 large egg, beaten, 3 cups dry plain breadcrumbs], title: Jalapeno Bites, picturelink: 1AraMPbANt5LeJEuJqjZ1o5UJXnGN3O}, 51807: {instructions: Whisk together minced serrano, cilantro, lime juice, rice vinegar, oil, salt and pepper. Marinate pineapple chunks and jicama in lime  cilantro vinaigrette for 30 minutes. Arrange lettuce on chilled salad plates. Remove pineapple and jicama from marinade and place on lettuce. Top with avocado. Drizzle vinaigrette over salad., ingredients: [1 serrano chile pepper, seeded and minced, 12 cup cilantro, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 14 cup oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 cups fresh pineapple, cubed, 1 medium jicama, peeled and cut into matchsticks, 3 cups red leaf lettuce or frisee or arugula, rinsed and drained, 1 avocado, peeled and cubed], title: Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 51808: {instructions: Put the flour and salt and in a large mixing bowl. Gradually whisk in the milk. Whisk in the eggs, 1 at a time, and then whisk in the sugar, melted butter, and vanilla. Cover and let rest in the refrigerator for about 1 hour.nHeat an 8inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Melt a small pat of butter in the pat and swirl around so that it lightly coats the surface.nAdd 13 cup of the batter and move your wrist in a circular pattern to coat the pan with thin even layer of batter. Cook for about 1 minute or until the first side browns lightly, then flip and cook 45 seconds to 1 minute longer. Remove to a plate and repeat with remaining batter.nFill with jam, honey, sugar, chocolate hazelnut spread, peanut butter, bananas  anything sweet that you enjoy from your pantry., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoons salt, 1 cup milk preferably whole, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon melted butter, plus more for cooking crepes, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Jam, Honey, Sugar, Chocolate hazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, Peanut butter, Sliced bananas], title: Sweet Crepes, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 51809: {instructions: This dish takes only 5 minutes to prepare, so begin preheating the skillet 78 minutes before you are ready to sit down and eat.nHeat a medium sized skillet over medium heat. With the flat side of your knife, make a garlic paste with smashed garlic and salt. Melt butter into pan. Add garlic paste to the pan and the spinach in bunches, adding more spinach to the pan as it wilts down. When all of the spinach is wilted, add wine and turn to coat. Let wine cook down a minute or 2. Season spinach with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 1 12 pounds triple washed spinach, coarsely chopped, tough stems removed, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 pinches of salt, 12 cup dry white wine, Salt and pepper], title: Wilted Spinach with Butter and Wine, picturelink: null}, 51810: {instructions: Mix egg and water and slowly whisk in flour and cornmeal. Add parsley, garlic salt, onion salt, salt, and ground white pepper. Lay prepared fish in batter while oil is heating.nIn heavy skillet preferably cast iron or nonstick, heat oil over mediumhigh heat until a 12 teaspoon batter dropped into it sizzles and begins to brown. Fry fish for 3 minutes on each side. Remove and drain on paper towels.nGarnish with lemon slices and flatleaf parsley leaves.nServing suggestion: Southern tartar sauce chopped piccalilli mixed with mayonnaise and hot green pepper sauce., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 cup water, 34 cup flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, plus more leaves for garnish, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon onion salt, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 rainbow or brook trout, dressed and butterflied, 12 cup canola oil, Lemon slices, as a garnish], title: Cornmeal Battered Trout, picturelink: null}, 51811: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to mediumhigh heat. Brush the fish on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Fill the cavities of both fish with orange slices, tarragon and parsley and place on the grill. Grill the fish for 6 to 7 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill, place on a platter and drizzle immediately with the Sherry VinegarTarragon Vinaigrette.nCombine vinegar, shallot, mustard, tarragon, and salt and pepper in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified. Adjust seasoning., ingredients: [2 whole fish such as Orata, Branzino, scaled and gutted, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large orange cut into thin slices, 1 bunch tarragon, 1 bunch parsley, Sherry VinegarTarragon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup aged sherry vinegar, 1 small shallot, chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup Spanish olive oil], title: Grilled Whole Mediterranean Fish with Aged SherryVinegarTarragon Vinaigrette, picturelink: S1UHNaLrZ0Q3uOHZZMRWWedHQ6n3yee}, 51812: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nFor the marinade, whisk together the lemon juice, lemon zest, olive oil, mustard, garlic, 1 12 tablespoons salt and 12 tablespoon pepper in a small bowl and set aside.nPlace the salmon on a sheet pan that has been covered in aluminum foil, and drizzle the marinade over the salmon. Allow the salmon to sit for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the potatoes and 2 tablespoons salt in a large pot of water. Bring the water to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until the potatoes are barely tender when pierced with a knife. Drain the potatoes in a colander, then place the colander with the potatoes over the empty pot off the heat and cover with a clean, dry kitchen towel. Leave the potatoes to steam for 15 to 20 minutes, until tender but firm. When the potatoes are cool enough to handle, slice them in thick slices and set aside.nPlace the salmon in the oven and cook for 12 to 15 minutes, or until it is almost cooked through. Remove to a plate and allow it to rest for 15 minutes. Remove the skin and break into large pieces.nBlanch the haricots verts in a large pot of boiling salted water for 1 12 minutes only. Drain immediately and immerse in a bowl of ice water. Drain again and set aside.nFor the vinaigrette, combine the vinegar, mustard, salt, and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil to make an emulsion. Set aside.nArrange the salmon, potatoes, haricots verts, tomatoes, eggs, watercress, olives and anchovies, if used, on a large flat platter. Drizzle some vinaigrette over the fish and vegetables and serve the rest in a pitcher on the side., ingredients: [4 lemons, zested and juiced, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 4 garlic cloves, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 pounds skinon fresh salmon fillets, 3 pounds small Yukon gold potatoes, 1 12 pounds haricots verts, stems removed, 3 pounds ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges 6 small tomatoes, 12 hardcooked eggs, peeled and cut in 12, 1 bunch watercress or arugula, 12 pound large green olives, pitted, 1 can anchovies, optional, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil], title: Roasted Salmon Nicoise Platter, picturelink: 7MNTkPY6C5.SzWR4P449v2y5vFMmq}, 51813: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCream shortening and margarine until even consistency. Add sugar and vanilla, cream until even. Add egg yolks 1 at a time, creaming after each addition.nIn a separate bowl, mix the maraschino cherry juice and buttermilk.nIn a separate bowl, mix the flour, salt, and baking soda.nAdd half of the wet ingredients to the creamed mixture and then mix into the dry ingredients. Repeat with the other half of ingredients.nFold in coconut.nBeat egg whites to stiff peaks and fold into the mixture.nDivide mixture between 2 greased floured layer pans and bake for 45 minutes. Remove from oven and cool completely before icing.nBeat first 4 ingredients until light and creamy. Spread mixtureicing between layers and over entire surface. Press toasted nuts around the periphery of the cake and arrange the remaining nuts on the top., ingredients: [12 cup solid vegetable shortening, 12 cup margarine, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 5 eggs, separated, 12 cup maraschino cherry juice, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups coconut flakes, 4 ounces margarine, 4 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 8 ounces cream cheese, 32 cups pecans, broken and toasted], title: Italian Creme Cake, picturelink: null}, 51814: {instructions: Heat the milk and vanilla in a medium saucepan over medium heat until hot and steaming. Combine the sugar, cocoa powder, chocolate, crushed peppermint and salt in a bowl, then whisk into the milk. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, stirring, until the chocolate and peppermint melts and the cocoa thickens slightly, about 2 minutes. Divide among 4 mugs, top with dollops of whipped cream. Sprinkle with crushed peppermint and serve each with a peppermint stick., ingredients: [4 cups whole or lowfat milk, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 4 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons crushed peppermint sticks, plus more for serving, Pinch kosher salt, Unsweetened whipped cream, for serving, Peppermint sticks, for serving], title: Peppermint Hot Cocoa, picturelink: MCZSESBT0iyaR49Q91IMdW8UM1edhm.}, 51815: {instructions: Pour the heavy cream, vanilla and coffee beans into a saucepan and place over mediumlow heat. Bring the cream to a brief simmer do not boil or it will overflow within seconds. Remove from heat and strain to remove the beans.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and the sugar until the sugar dissolves and the mixture is lemoncolored, about 3 minutes. Temper the yolks by gradually whisking the hot cream into the yolk and sugar mixture do not add the hot cream too quickly or the eggs will cook. Stir in the brewed coffee and melted chocolate.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPour the eggcream mixture into 6 8ounce ramekins or cappuccino cups, filling 34 of the way full with mixture. Fill a large, shallow baking pan with 12inch of warm water. Carefully place the ramekins in the water bath and bake for about 35 minutes, the center should jiggle slightly. Remove the pan from the oven and let the ramekins cool in the water for 10 minutes. Then pop them in the refrigerator to chill for at least 2 hours., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup whole black coffee beans, 6 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons brewed espresso coffee, cold, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled], title: Mocha Pot De Creme, picturelink: yNQ9Bu.yI1rxTLW1jwZYp2glZic75i}, 51816: {instructions: In a large pot, saute celery, onion and leeks in clarified butter. Season with herbs and gently saute for 4 minutes. Add tomatoes. Add chicken stock and cover.nBoil for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and white pepper. Pass soup through sieve to break apart do not blend. Add hot pepper sauce to taste and chill. Serve cold., ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped celery, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped leeks, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 2 teaspoons finely chopped chives, 2 teaspoons finely chopped basil, 2 pounds tomatoes, sliced, 2 cups chicken stock, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, or to taste], title: Tearaway Soup, picturelink: null}, 51817: {instructions: Saute the onion in hot oil in skillet over medium high heat with the salt, pepper, and cayenne, cook stirring often, for about 10 to 12 minutes, or until the onions are golden. Add the sugar and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the vinegar and parsley and cook for 1 minute. Remove from heat, cool and serve.nCan be stored in airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [4 cups finely chopped Vidalia onions, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoon parsley], title: Vidalia Onion Marmalade, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 51818: {instructions: Heat a saute pan with the butter. Add the blanched sugar snaps and cook for 1 minute. Add the shallot and cook for 1 minute. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and remove from the heat., ingredients: [1 teaspoon butter, 3 cups sugar snaps, blanched, 1 shallot, finely diced, Salt and pepper], title: Sauteed Sugar Snaps, picturelink: null}, 51819: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 13 by 9inch baking dish with cooking spray.nFor the sauce: In a 2quart saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth. Gradually add the warm milk, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Simmer over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the sauce is thick and smooth, about 8 minutes do not allow the mixture to boil. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the farro: In a large bowl, add the cheeses and stir to combine. Remove 12 cup of the mixture and reserve. In a large stock pot, add the chicken broth and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the farro, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the faro is tender, about 25 minutes. Drain, if necessary. Add the farro, thyme, and sauce to the bowl with the cheese. Stir until combined and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish and top with the reserved 12 cup of cheese. Sprinkle the top with bread crumbs and drizzle with olive oil.nBake until the top is golden brown and forms a crust, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups warm whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups grated Parmesan, 1 cup grated Gruyere, 12 cup fontina cheese, grated, 6 cups chicken broth, 2 cups faro or barley, rinsed and drained, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plain dried bread crumbs, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Cheesy Baked Farro, picturelink: null}, 51820: {instructions: Put the chickpea flour, ground coriander, ground cumin, fenugreek, cloves, a pinch each of salt and pepper, yogurt and 2 tablespoons water into a bowl and mix until well combined.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large pan over medium heat. Carefully dip the Homemade Paneer pieces into the batter and gently add to the pan. Cook until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Keep warm.nPlace a clean skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. When it is hot, add the mushrooms and fennel seeds and sear them until they are golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with some salt.nServe the paneer burgers on the buns and top with the seared mushrooms and slices of avocado and tomato.nPour the milk into a medium pot. Place on mediumhigh heat and, when it comes to a boil, turn the heat off and add the vinegar. Stir as the milk starts to curdle.nLine a large sieve with cheesecloth and, holding it over the sink, pour the milk curds into it, letting the whey drain into the sink. Place the sieve over a bowl and fold the ends of the cheesecloth over the cheese. Set weights on top to press out excess liquid and refrigerate for several hours or overnight, until its solid. Yield: 1 pound., ingredients: [1 cup chickpea flour, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon fenugreek leaves, crushed, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, Salt and pepper, 14 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup vegetable oil, 8 ounces Homemade Paneer, cut into 2 pieces, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 whole wheat buns, Slices of avocados, Slices of tomatoes, 1 liter whole milk, 14 cup white vinegar], title: Paneer Mushroom Burger, picturelink: null}, 51821: {instructions: Saute garlic and shallots in a saucepan deglaze the pan with champagne and reduce to half the original volume. Add risotto to pan and add 1 12 cups of hot lobster stock to start with. Continue stirring while you add the stock cup by cup. After you add 4 cups taste to see how much rice has cooked if you wish to go to this step and pull it off the heat and finish when ready to dine it will work just fine.nUsing a non stick saute pan, heat clarified butter. Place the scallops in the pan first and sear so they have a golden color, then add grouper cook grouper and scallops together until they are 34 done then add steamed seafood. Combine in the saucepan with rice and a little more stock. Be careful not to crush the seafood while stirring. Taste the rice and season. Risotto should be very creamy but still holding its shape. Add fresh tarragon at the end of the cooking and serve.nDrizzle with white truffle oil, and garnish with flowers and herbs., ingredients: [2 teaspoons garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons shallots, chopped, 1 cup champagne, 1.5 cups arborio rice, 4 12 to 6 12 cups hot lobster stock, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 12 U10 scallops, 12 ounces black grouper, 16 mussels, steamed, shells removed, 2 live Maine lobster, 1 14 pound each, steamed, shells removed, 2 stalks fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil, Fresh herbs, for garnish, Edible flowers, for garnish], title: Black Swan Seafood Risotto, picturelink: null}, 51822: {instructions: Combine 1 cup of the cream, the sugar and salt in a medium saucepot and warm over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the remaining cream and the milk and add the tea bags. Simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the tea changes the mixture to a light tan color. Depending on how strong you like your tea, you may want to soak the bags in the mixture overnight in the refrigerator. Chill the mixture thoroughly before churning.nTransfer into a freezersafe container. Microwave your desired amount of cookie butter until it is warm and pourable, about 20 seconds, and then swirl into the ice cream using a spatula. Freeze before serving., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 34 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup whole milk, 5 Earl Grey tea bags, Cookie butter, such as Speculoos or Biscoff], title: Tea and Biscuit Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 51823: {}, 51824: {instructions: For the fish: Gently rub the green onions over the Moi, then season with salt and pepper. In a large, hot saute pan, add the olive oil and gently place the fish in the pan. Sear over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes, turning over 2 to 3 times, until crisp and golden brown.nFor the Lomilomi: In a hot saucepan, add the olive oil and heat. When the olive oil is hot, add the onions and tomatoes and lightly sweat until the onions are soft and translucent. Next, add in shrimp, garlic, ferns, and ginger and continue to saute. Deglaze with the stock and reduce by half. Reduce the heat and whisk in the butter until melted. Finish with the lemon juice and green onions. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nPlace the arugula in the center of a plate. Place the fish on top of the arugula and top off with the sauce.nIn a large, hot saute pan, add the olive oil and arugula. Toss lightly and add in the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sliced green onions, 2 pounds whole Moi threadfin, cleaned and scored can substitute snapper or seabass, 2 tablespoons Hawaiian red salt can substitute kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 ounces olive oil, 1 medium Maui onion, small diced, 2 ripe tomatoes, small diced, 1 cup whole freshwater shrimp can substitute any type of shrimp or squids, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup sliced fiddlehead ferns, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup fish stock, vegetable stock, or clam juice, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 lemons, juiced, 3 green onions, sliced fine, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Braised Arugula, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound baby arugula, cleaned, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Pan Seared AliI Moi, Braised arugula, Warm Lomilomi Sauce with Fiddlehead Fern and Freshwater Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 51825: {instructions: Melt butter and add enough flour to make a reasonably thick roux enough to absorb all of the butter. Add milk and 6 tablespoons Parmesan. Add egg to thicken sauce, but do not allow to boil.nRemove from heat. Fold in whipped cream. Add salt and pepper to taste.nFor each Hot Brown, place 2 slices of toast on a metal or flameproof dish. Cover the toast with mushrooms and thinly sliced tomatoes, then cover with a liberal amount of turkey. Pour a generous amount of sauce over the turkey and toast. Sprinkle with additional Parmesan. Place entire dish under a broiler until the sauce is speckled brown and bubbly. Remove from broiler, cross 2 pieces of bacon on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces butter, Flour to make a roux about 6 tablespoons, 3 to 3 12 cups milk, 1 beaten egg, 6 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, plus extra for topping, 1 ounce whipped cream optional, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup sauteed mushrooms, 1 whole tomato, sliced, Slices roast turkey, 8 to 12 slices of toast may be trimmed, 8 to 12 strips fried bacon], title: Kentucky Hot Brown, picturelink: p4.kRdQ0mtU78F4AYB7vmLyz.k33542}, 51826: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernFor the bouillabaisse: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the fish carcasses in a roasting pan and roast for 30 minutes.nAdd the roughly chopped carrot, celery and onion to a blender. Add the tomatoes, bell pepper, garlic, anchovy paste and Calabrian chile paste and process until pureed. Pour the vegetable puree into a large pot with 2 cups of water and bring to a simmer. Add the roasted fish carcasses and reserved shrimp shells to the pot and simmer for 40 minutes. Strain the puree and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBring 1 quart of water to a boil in a medium pot. Add the pasta, saffron and some salt and pepper and cook the pasta according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of canola oil in a large castiron skillet over high heat. Place the fish filets skinside down in the skillet and press down for 10 seconds. Place the skillet in the oven and bake until the center is just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven, flip the fish and allow to rest for 1 minute in the skillet.nGently cook the diced carrot, onion, celery and fennel in a large saucepan over medium heat until translucent. Add the shrimp, clams and mussels. Add the red wine and scrape the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to release any brown bits. Add the reserved vegetable puree, cover and continue to cook until the clams and mussels open. Immediately remove from the heat and discard any clams or mussels that havent opened up. Add the parsley, basil, chives and pasta.nFor the uni toast: Combine the egg yolks, lemon juice and sea salt in a medium bowl. With an immersion blender running, slowly add the grapeseed oil to make an emulsion. Lightly toast the slices of sourdough bread, top with uni and drizzle with some of the lemon emulsion.nTo serve: Divide the bouillabaisse among bowls. Place a sea bass filet in the middle of each and garnish with 1 uni toast, some petite carrot fern, petite sea grass and black pepper., ingredients: [Two 2 12 to 3pound striped bass, cut into 6ounce filets, carcasses reserved, 2 carrots, 1 roughly chopped and 1 finely diced, 1 head celery, 1 stalk roughly chopped and the remainder finely diced, 4 yellow onions, 1 roughly chopped and 3 finely diced, 4 heirloom tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 14 cup anchovy paste, 1 tablespoon Calabrian chile paste, 1 pound 1620 shrimp, peeled and deveined, heads and tails left on, shells reserved, 1 cup acini di pepe or other small pasta, 1 tablespoon saffron, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 bulb fennel, finely diced, 24 savory clams or other West Coast variety, 24 mussels, 12 cup red wine, 1 bunch parsley, roughly chopped, 1 bunch Thai basil, roughly chopped, 1 bunch chives, roughly chopped, 2 egg yolks, 4 lemons, juiced, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 cups grapeseed oil, 8 slices sourdough bread, 1 tray uni, Micro carrot fern, for garnish, Petite sea grass, for garnish, Freshly ground black pepper, for garnish], title: Malibu Bouillabaisse, picturelink: kkmphhWMt2ApYe4Gj.p46KCgthmmp6}, 51827: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nPut the peppers on a broiler pan and broil them until they are black on all sides. Remove them from the broiler, put them in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let them sit for at least 15 minutes, then remove the plastic wrap and let them cool. Using your fingers scrape off all the black char from the outside of the peppers use a paper towel if needed to assist with this. Remove the stem and seeds and cut the peppers into 12inch wide strips.nWhile the peppers are cooling, heat a small skillet over mediumhigh heat and coat the bottom with olive oil. Add the chorizo and cook until it is crispy on all sides. Remove from the pan to a cutting board and finely chop.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons of olive oil, the garlic, and pimenton. Season with salt, to taste. In a large bowl toss together the roasted peppers, chorizo, almonds, arugula, and a little of the vinaigrette. Add the vinaigrette in stages to make sure the veggies are well coated but not overdressed. Taste to check the seasoning. Arrange on a pretty serving dish and sprinkle with shaved manchego and scallions. OLE, ingredients: [4 red bell peppers, 2 small links chorizo or a 4inch piece of large chorizo, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 garlic cloves, smashed and chopped, 1 teaspoon pimenton smoked paprika, Kosher salt, 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, 2 cups baby arugula, 14 cup shaved manchego, 3 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Roasted Red Peppers with Chorizo, Manchego, and Almonds Spain, picturelink: null}, 51828: {instructions: Combine the sugar and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 1 minute transfer to a blender and let cool completely.nAdd the mango nectar, cubed mango, lime juice and a pinch of salt to the blender and puree until smooth. Press through a finemesh sieve into an 8inchsquare stainlesssteel or glass baking dish.nFreeze until ice crystals begin forming around the edges, about 45 minutes. Use a fork to scrape the crystals toward the center of the pan, then continue freezing, scraping every 30 minutes, until frozen, about 4 hours. Serve topped with chile powder.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 2 cups mango nectar, 1 ripe mango, peeled and cubed, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt, Ancho chile powder, for topping], title: MangoChile Granita, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 51829: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the squash with olive oil, cinnamon, crushed red pepper and salt. Put the squash on a sheet tray and put in the oven. Roast the squash until very soft, about 30 minutes.nToss the haricots verts with olive oil, crushed red pepper and salt. Put on a sheet tray and roast in the oven for 15 to 17 minutes. Repeat this process with the mushrooms and roast for 12 to 14 minutes.nPlace the pepitas on a sheet tray and roast for 7 to 8 minutes.nWhen all the veggies are roasted, combine all them. Garnish with the toasted pepitas and chives., ingredients: [4 cups 12inchdiced kabocha squash, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, 1 pound haricots verts, stem end removed, 1 pound oyster mushrooms, pulled into bitesize pieces, 12 cup pepitas green pumpkin seeds, for garnish, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely diced, for garnish], title: Roasted Kabocha Squash, Haricots Verts, Mushrooms and Pepitas, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 51830: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. With a very sharp knife, cut a crosshatch pattern into the pork skin, being careful not to cut through the meat. Rub the pork all over with 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and place skinside up in a small roasting pan or rimmed baking sheet.n2. Roast until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F, approximately 1 hour 30 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board to rest. Cut off the skin and approximately 12inch of fat and return to the roasting pan. Roast the skin in the oven until crispy, another 15 minutes.n3. While pork rests and the skin is crisping, make the salad. Slice the radishes thinly and add to a bowl. Trim and string the snap peas and add to the bowl. Season with 14 teaspoon each coarse sea salt and pepper. Dress with the olive oil and lemon juice. Adjust seasonings to taste.n4. Pull the cracklings from the oven and drain on a paper towellined plate. Slice the pork roast and serve with the cracklings, salad and pan drippings from the roast., ingredients: [One 2 12 to 3pound boneless skin on pork loin end roast or without if skin is unavailable, see note below, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 radishes, 12 ounces sugar snap peas, Coarse sea salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Weeknight Roast Pork Loin with Snap Pea and Radish Salad, picturelink: null}, 51831: {instructions: For the duck breasts: Sprinkle each duck breast liberally with salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a large castiron skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the duck skinside down and reduce the heat to low, cooking as the fat slowly renders and the skin becomes crispy, 8 to 10 minutes.nOnce the skin is crispy and golden brown, flip and continue cooking until a thermometer reads 128 to 130 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the breast for mediumrare doneness, 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate or cutting board and allow to rest about 5 minutes. It will carryover cook to about 135 degrees F. Dont tent with foil in order to ensure the duck skin will stay crispy.nFor the fig sauce: Pour off all but 1 or 2 tablespoons of fat from the skillet, reserving the excess for another use. Over medium heat, add the shallots and cook until softened. Add the sherry and reduce by half. Next, add the chicken broth, fig jam and balsamic vinegar, and continue simmering until the sauce has thickened and is syrupy, another 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat, season with salt and pepper and whisk in the butter. Garnish with chopped chives.nServe the sauce alongside thinly sliced duck breast., ingredients: [Four 6ounce boneless duck breasts, skin scored in crosshatches, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 shallot, minced, 34 cup dry sherry, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup fig jam, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, Fresh chives, chopped, for garnish], title: Seared Duck Breast with Fig Sauce, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 51832: {instructions: Brush each pepper with a bit of oil. Roast in the oven, grill on the stove top or barbecue until peppers are totally black and well charred. Cool and peel. Slice and seed the peppers. Puree seeded peppers in a blender with oil and garlic. Heat and serve over pasta or rice., ingredients: [3 large red peppers, Oil to brush on peppers, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 to 4 cloves of garlic], title: Sweet Pepper Sensation, picturelink: null}, 51833: {instructions: Special equipment: four 2cup ovenproof bowlsnLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the pastry dough with a floured rolling pin. Transfer to the lined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate while preparing the pie filling.nCombine the broth, peppercorns, thyme sprigs, bay leaves and quartered onion in a large pot over high heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and simmer for 30 minutes. Add the chicken breasts. Raise the heat and return to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the chicken is just cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a plate to cool. Strain the stock and set aside 2 12 cups reserve the remaining stock for another use. When the chicken is cool to the touch, cut it into bitesize chunks and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the pearl onions and carrots and cook, stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and peas and cook another 5 minutes. Stir in the 5 tablespoons flour and cook 1 minute more. Add the reserved stock and the milk, stirring constantly. Cook until the sauce begins to thicken, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the chicken, chopped thyme, salt and pepper.nRemove the pastry from the refrigerator and cut into 4 circles using one of the 2cup ovenproof bowls as a guide.nSpoon the filling into four 2cup ovenproof bowls, then place 1 dough circle on each pot pie, pressing around the edges to seal the pastry to the bowl. Cut a vent in the center of each. Using a pastry brush, brush the outer surface of each pie with egg wash. Bake until the pastry is puffed and dark golden brown, about 35 minutes., ingredients: [5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling out the puff pastry, 1 sheet puff pastry, such as Dufour, thawed according to package instructions if frozen, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 3 sprigs fresh thyme plus 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 large yellow onion, quartered, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup fresh pearl onions, peeled, 2 medium carrots, peeled and diced, 1 cup sliced white mushrooms, 1 cup fresh or thawed frozen peas, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg], title: Katie Lees Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: bzXhIdsSjbXmP.s.Cn4DnHGfhqGgRe}, 51834: {instructions: In a large saucepan filled with 12 gallon of water, bring water to a simmer. Add all Brine ingredients and stir. Allow to come to a boil, then cool broth. Add turkey and place in refrigerator for 2 to 4 hours.nPlace bacon strips onto cookie sheet. Place in oven for 12 to 14 minutes. Remove from the oven and drain on paper towels.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees FnRemove turkey from brine and place into a roasting pan. Pat dry turkey. Combine mayonnaise, olive oil, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, Italian seasoning, salt and black pepper. Rub this mixture all over the turkey breast and under the skin. Place in the oven and roast for about 1 12 hours or until the turkey reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Make sure to let the turkey rest before slicing.nSlice the turkey and assemble the sandwiches by topping 1 piece of bread with the Cilantro Mayonnaise Sauce, turkey, bacon, another piece of bread, Cilantro Mayonnaise Sauce, turkey, tomato, lettuce, avocado, and a final piece of bread spread with the Cilantro Mayonnaise Sauce. Repeat with remaining bread and ingredients.nCombine all the ingredients and mix well., ingredients: [12 gallon water, 2 cups salt, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, 6 leaves sage, 1 sprig rosemary, 1 sprig thyme, 6 pound turkey breast, rinsed, 12 bag ice cubes, 6 to 8 slices bacon, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 12 pieces wheat bread, Cilantro Mayonnaise Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tomato, sliced, Lettuce leaves, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and sliced, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Pinch coarse black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Turkey Club, picturelink: 0l1CIKjxnyE1FDZcdMHyEtFx.d6vW}, 51835: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, combine the 12 cup of the sugar, 12 cup water, lemon juice, cinnamon sticks and candied ginger. Stir over medium heat until the sugar dissolves and the syrup comes to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Strain and transfer to a small bowl. Can be made 2 days in advance. Pour 14 cup of the cinnamon syrup into a large pitcher. Place the remaining syrup into a shallow bowl.nGrind the gingersnaps and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar in a mini processor to fine crumbs. Alternatively, the cookies can be placed in a resealable plastic bag and crushed with a rolling pin or the bottom of a small saucepan. Pour the crumbs into a second shallow bowl.nDip the rim of each martini glass into the cinnamon syrup. Dip the moistened rims into the cookie crumbs several times to coat.nStir the apple juice concentrate and sparkling apple cider into the pitcher. Pour into the prepared glasses and garnish with apple slices., ingredients: [12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 12 a large lemon, 4 cinnamon sticks, halved, One 14inchthick piece candied ginger, 6 gingersnaps cookies about 1 12 ounces, broken coarsely, 13 cup frozen apple juice concentrate, thawed, One 25.4ounce bottle sparkling apple cider, chilled, 1 small Granny Smith apple, halved, cored and cut into 6 wedges], title: Spiced Virgin Apple Martinis, picturelink: 7GpvKxUlnnbin8WEmMudRZn4hphQG}, 51836: {instructions: Mix 3 parts fresh heavy cream to 1 part fresh buttermilk in a clean jar or crock. Cover with cloth. Store in a warm area for 24 hours. Stir. Mixture should be thick and creamy. Refrigerate, ingredients: [], title: Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 51837: {instructions: Check to see that one rack is in bottom third of oven and heat oven to 425 degrees F.nMeasure milk in a 2cup measure, add sugar and egg yolk, stir to mix well. Stir in dried fruit. Let stand until ready to use.nPut flour, baking powder, spice, and salt into a large bowl, stir to mix well. Add butter and cut in with pastry blender or rub in with fingers, until mixture looks like fine granules.nStir milk mixture and pour over flour mixture. Stir with a fork until a soft dough forms. Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface and give 10 kneads. If very sticky, let stand 3 or 4 minutes or add a little more flour. Cut off about onefourth of the dough. Put remaining dougn on an ungreased cookie sheet at least 16 inches long. Using both rolling pin and fingers, pat and roll dough into a flat triangle about 12 inches long and 9 inches wide across the bottom. With scissors, make about ten diagonal cuts down each long side of the triangle, cutting to within about 1 inch of the center.nShape a small piece of reserved dough into a trunk at bottom of tree and remaining dough into a pot. Dough may now be covered with plastic wrap and refrigerated for a couple of hours or frozen for up to 2 weeks.nBake tree 10 minutes. Beat egg white with a fork until broken up. Brush over hot bread, sprinkle with sugar. Bake 5 to 8 minutes longer, until light brown. With two spatulas, carefully transfer tree to a wire rack. If possible, cool at least 2 hours before serving. Let guests break off small pieces., ingredients: [23 cup milk, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, yolk and white separated, 34 cup 4 ounces diced dried fruit mix or make your own, mixing raisins, currants, snipped dried apricots, apples, pruneswhatevers on hand, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice or ground cinnamon, or 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, and 34 teaspoon ground cloves or ground allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold, unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Granulated sugar or homemade vanilla pearl sugar], title: Quick Christmas Tree Bread, picturelink: null}, 51838: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the oil a large, heavy bottomed Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until beginning to smoke. Season the brisket generously with the paprika, salt, and pepper. Place fat side down in the Dutch oven and cook until brown on all sides, about 8 to10 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate and set aside.nDiscard about half the fat, then add the onions and cook over medium heat until browned and tender, about 10 minutes. Pour in the vermouth and cook until reduced by about half. Nestle the brisket into the onions fat side up, add the broth bring to a simmer and bake, covered, until the brisket is fork tender, about 1 12 to 2 hours. Uncover, scatter the carrots around the brisket and cook until the carrots are tender, about 30 minutes more.nTransfer the brisket to a cutting board, cut the fat off the top and thinly slice the meat across the grain. Return the meat to the braising liquid and serve immediately or, cool to room temperature in the sauce, cover and refrigerate overnight. When ready to serve reheat in the sauce.nCopyright c 2005 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 3 12 pound firstcut brisket, with fat cap do not trim, 3 tablespoons sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus for brisket, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 medium yellow onions, cut into thin wedges with root end attached, 1 12 cups sweet vermouth, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 8 medium carrots, peeled, and cut into thirds 14 ounces], title: Brisket, picturelink: null}, 51839: {instructions: Mix warm water with sugar to dissolve. Add yeast and let stand for 10 minutes. Mixture should get foamy or the yeast is dead. Mix in lard. In a food processor, add flour and yeast mixture. While blade is spinning, pour in water until a ball forms. If dough is too sticky, add more flour. If dough appears dry and doesnt form a ball, add more water. As soon as a ball forms, take dough out and knead by hand on a floured surface. For 10 minutes roll dough into one long log about 2 inches thick. Cut into 2inch pieces.nIn a large bowl, mix the ginger, shrimp, garlic chives, eggs and sesame oil. Season well with salt and pepper. Make thick circles of the dough and place stuffing in the middle. Encircle stuffing with the dough and seal with a little twist. Let rest in a warm place for 30 minutes. In a hot saute pan coated well with oil, place shrimp buns flat side down and cook until the bottom is browned. Have pan cover ready and add 1 cup of chicken stock, cover immediately. Be careful, the liquid will splatter The stock will steam the buns. Check them in 5 minutes as more stock may be needed. The trick here is that once the buns are firm and fully cooked the stock will evaporate and the bottoms will crispup again., ingredients: [34 cup warm water, 18 cup sugar, 12 tablespoon dry yeast, 12 tablespoon melted lard, 2 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons water, 12 tablespoon ginger, 2 cups rock shrimp, rinsed, drained and chopped, 2 cups chopped garlic chives regular chives can be substituted, 2 eggs, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, Salt and white pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock may substitute water], title: Yummy Garlic and Chive Shrimp Buns, picturelink: null}, 51840: {instructions: Preheat oven to 550 degrees. Cut the mushroom caps in half, then cut them across into 18inch wide slices. Set aside. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper and grease the paper with olive oil. Cut off the thin tail section of each cod fillet and place 1 fillet on each baking sheet, on the diagonal, if necessary, to make them fit. Season the cod with salt and pepper and sprinkle with the rosemary and thyme. Make alternating rows of chorizo, tomato, and mushroom slices across each fillet until the cod is completely covered. Scatter the garlic over the fish, then sprinkle it generously with cayenne. Sprinkle the parsley and scallions over the fillets and season with salt. Place the lemon slices down the center of each fillet and drizzle olive oil over all. The recipe can be made to this point up to 2 hours ahead: refrigerate. Roast the cod for about 25 minutes until cooked through, spooning the oil that accumulates on the baking sheet over the fish from time to time. Halfway through the cooking, switch the positions of the baking sheets in the oven. To check for doneness, insert a skewer into the center of the fish for 5 seconds. The fish is done when the skewer goes in easily and then feels hot when touched to your lip. Spoon the oil on the baking sheet over the fish and squeeze the juice of 12 lemon over each fillet. Slide the cod, with the parchment, onto 2 large serving platters., ingredients: [4 small portobello or large button mushrooms 2 inches diameter, stemmed, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for greasing parchment, 2 whole 3pound cod fillets, Fine sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 ounces dry, spicy chorizo sausage, quartered lengthwise, then cut across into very thin slices, 4 plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise, then cut across into 18inch wide slices, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, Cayenne, to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 3 scallions, trimmed and very thinly sliced, 2 lemons, 1 thinly sliced and 1 halved], title: Roasted Cod Spiked with Chorizo, Tomatoes and Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 51841: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a paring knife, poke 3 small slits into each potato. Bake in the oven for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the oven and turn the oven temperature up to 425 degrees F. Let the potatoes cool for 5 minutes.nUsing a fork punch some holes in the top of each potato. Press inward on the ends of each potato so that the tops break open. Divide the apple sauerkraut evenly between the potatoes and then top them with the sausage and Cheddar. Arrange the potatoes on a sheet pan and bake until the cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, washed and scrubbed, 1 cup leftover apple sauerkraut from the Turkey Sausage with Apple Sauerkraut recipe, 2 leftover cooked sausages from the Turkey Sausage with Apple Sauerkraut recipe, finely chopped, 12 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Sausage and Cheddar Baked Potatoes, picturelink: Al0spcioRHspo96flzyoWz5ilRq2FC}, 51842: {instructions: With a whisk, beat eggs and milk together and add the salt. Gradually, a tablespoonful at a time, whisk in flour and beat until smooth. Heat a 6inch skillet and butter it lightly. Pour in enough batter to make a thin pancake. If batter is too thick, add water to thin Pour out excess back into the batter and dont worry if a tab forms on the side of the pan.nCook the blintz on one side only until the top blisters and it looks dry around the edges. Turn the blintz upside down onto a clean towel. Rebutter the skillet if need be, every 2 or 3 blintzes, and proceed until all the batter has been used up.nMake assorted fillings, roll up and fry, or bake or freeze for another day., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 4 large eggs lightly beaten, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Blintzes, picturelink: null}, 51843: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the butter in an 8by8by2inch square baking pan and set it over low heat to melt. When melted, sprinkle the brown sugar over the butter. Arrange the pineapple rings in a single layer on top of the sugar, making 3 rows. Cut the maraschino cherries in half, and place one half, cutside up, in the center of each pineapple ring. Set the pan aside.nSift the flour, baking powder and salt, then sift once more. Set aside. Using an electric mixer, mix together the shortening, granulated sugar, egg and vanilla. Blend in the flour mixture alternately with the milk, beginning and ending with flour. Stir only enough after each addition to combine.nPour the batter carefully into the pineapplelined baking pan and bake for 40 minutes. Test for doneness by inserting a toothpick in the center or pressing the cake lightly with a fingertip if the impression springs back, the cake is done. Run a knife around the edges of the pan and place a serving dish on top. Invert the cake onto the serving dish. Leave the pan inverted over the cake for several moments to allow the syrup to soak into the cake., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 9 slices canned pineapple in juice, drained, 5 maraschino cherries, 1 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup solid vegetable shortening, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 23 cup milk], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: fwjxxoNuMCivESQ6xk5uzeXVXcDzku}, 51844: {instructions: To make chipotle vinaigrette, add first 5 ingredients into a food processor and puree until smooth. With the processor running, add the olive oil in a steady stream to emulsify the vinaigrette. Add salt and taste to adjust seasoning.nToss all of the vegetables together. Add the salt, pepper, sugar and chipotle vinaigrette. Toss to combine.nLet cole slaw sit refrigerated overnight.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason salmon with oil, salt and pepper. Brush with the barbecue sauce.nPlace salmon on an oiled baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from oven and brush once more with barbecue sauce. Serve with chipotle cole slaw., ingredients: [14 cup champagne wine vinegar, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 13 tablespoons chipotle pepper in adobo, pureed, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 12 cups olive oil, 12 head green cabbage, shredded, 12 head red cabbage, shredded, 12 red pepper, julienned, 1 large carrot, julienned, 14 red onion, sliced, 1 jalapeno, julienned, 14 fennel bulb, julienned optional, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 teaspoons sugar, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, Olive oil, as needed, Salt and pepper, 12 cup barbecue sauce any kind], title: Barbecued Salmon with Chipotle Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 51845: {instructions: Chocolate Wafers: Set 2 racks in the middle and upper third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. In a food processor or the bowl of an electric mixer, thoroughly mix together the flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and sugar. While pulsing on low speed, add the butter, then the egg. Process or beat until the dough is thoroughly blended and massed together. Drop rounded teaspoons of batter onto nonstick or parchmentlined cookie sheets at 2inch intervals. With moistened fingers, round out the cookies and flatten them a little. Bake for 9 minutes, turning the pans once for even baking, until the cookies are set. Set the cookie sheets on a rack to cool.nIn a mixing bowl, whip the cream to soft peaks, about 1 12 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla, and continue whipping until stiff but smooth, about 1 minute. Spread the wafers evenly with the whipped cream, about a 14 inch thick, and set in stacks of 8. Turn the stacks on their sides and line them up, one after the other, like the wheels on an eighteenwheeler, 4 rows deep. Frost the top and sides with the remaining whipped cream to form a loaf. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours, until firm. To serve, dust lightly with cocoa or cookie crumbs. Slice with a serrated knife dipped in hot water., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, or 12 teaspoon vanilla and 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 48 chocolate wafers, recipe follows, Cocoa or cookie crumbs for dusting, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened Dutchprocessed cocoa, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter at room temperature, 1 large egg], title: 50s ChocolateWafer Whipped Cream Roll, picturelink: null}, 51846: {instructions: With a wooden spoon, blend the brown sugar, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder, white pepper, salt, dry mustard, black pepper, seafood seasoning and ginger powder until mixed. Then bag until usage., ingredients: [3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons cayenne powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons white pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, such as Colemans, 1 tablespoon course black pepper, 5 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon ginger powder], title: Rib Rub, picturelink: null}, 51847: {instructions: To the soup base, add the coconut milk and lime leaves. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt, pepper, lime juice and sugar. Add the dumplings and simmer until done, about 3 minutes.nDivide the softened glass noodles on four soup bowls. Place two dumplings crisscross on top of the noodles, leaning to the side of the bowl. Divide the soup onto the four bowls. Garnish each bowl with julienne of carrots, leeks, Thai chiles and lime leaf. Serve immediately.nIn a saucepan, combine the lobster stock, chili paste, lemon grass, Thai basil leaves and Thai bird chile and bring to a boil. Reduce until only 2 cups remain.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the ground chicken, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, fish sauce, potato starch and black pepper. Mix until well blended. Divide into 8 portions. Wrap each portion around the end of each sugarcane stick. Reserve., ingredients: [2 cups Soup Base, recipe follows, 1 cup coconut milk, 6 Kaffir lime leaves, Salt and pepper, Lime juice, to taste, About 1 tablespoon palm sugar, to taste, Sugarcane Chicken Dumplings, recipe follows, 1 ounce glass noodles, soaked in water until softened, 14 cup carrots, cut into julienne, 14 cup leeks, cut into julienne, 4 Thai chiles, stems removed, split in half lengthwise, seeded, 4 Kaffir lime leaves, cut in a thin chiffonade, 2 12 cups lobster stock, 1 tablespoon chili paste, 1 lemon grass, cut into 2 inch sticks, 10 fresh Thai basil leaves, 1 Thai bird chile, 4 ounces ground lean chicken, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon mushroom soy sauce, 12 teaspoon fish sauce, 2 teaspoons potato starch, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 8 4inch sugarcane sticks], title: Thai Coconut Soup with Lemon Grass and Sugarcane Chicken Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 51848: {instructions: Place the almonds in a food processor fixed with a steel blade and pulse until they are a fine meal. Place them in a medium bowl and knead together with the confectioners sugar and 12 cup of the orange blossom water. The mixture should have the consistency of a dense dough.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment and lightly butter the parchment. Shape the almond confections into little mounded fingers and place in neat rows on the parchment. Bake just until barely golden, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool on the sheet pans.nWhen the hamalia are completely cooled, dip them in a bowl of the remaining orange blossom water and then in confectionerss sugar to form a hard packd crust. Store in cookie tins in a cool, dry place for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 cups blanched almonds, 1 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for dipping, 1 12 cups orange blossom water], title: Almond Confections from Skopelos Hamalia, picturelink: null}, 51849: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nButter the bread slices on 1 side with butter and place them butter side down. Spread 4 slices with peanut butter and top with the banana slices. Spread the remaining slices with jelly and put them, jelly side down, on top of the bananas. Press them gently to flatten them slightly.nPlace each sandwich on a preheated panini press and grill until the bread is toasted, about 5 minutes. Alternately, preheat a dry cast iron or non stick pan. Place the sandwich in the pan and weight it down with another pan or a clean brick wrapped in foil. Grill 5 minutes, turn the sandwich over, reweight it, and grill for another 5 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 slices good quality white bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup peanut butter, smooth or crunchy, 12 cup grape jelly, 2 ripe bananas, sliced], title: Grilled Peanut Butter, Jelly and Banana Sandwich, picturelink: BzHggTnPtAeILoAZjhp5Dy0Q250N0Ue}, 51850: {instructions: STEP ONE: Make the brining solution. For each pound of shrimp, combine 2 quarts water, 14 cup salt and 14 cup sugar in a large mixing bowl. Whisk together until the salt and sugar dissolve.nSTEP TWO: Soak the shrimp. Place the peeled and deveined shrimp in the brine solution, and allow them to sit untouched for 30 minutes at room temperature.nSTEP THREE: Drain, dry and cook. Drain the shrimp in a colander and gently pat them dry with paper towels. Proceed with your favorite recipe: panfry, grill or saute. The shrimp always turn out moist and delicious., ingredients: [], title: How to Turn Out Tender Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 51851: {instructions: Stir the brine ingredients together until salt and sugar are dissolved. Peel and devein the shrimp reserving the shells and place in brine for 1 to 2 hours refrigerated. Drain, rinse and set aside.nIn a heavy saute pan heat 2 tablespoons of the butter and 1 tablespoon of oil over moderately high heat. Coarsely chop the reserved shells and add to the pan along with the shallots and stir until lightly colored. Add the vinegar and stock and reduce over high heat until sauce thickens slightly, about 4 minutes. Strain, pressing down on the solids and return to pan with the cream. Reduce again to a light sauce consistency. Stir in fruit, herbs and season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside and keep warm can be made ahead and gently reheated.nWipe out pan, add remaining butter and oil and quickly saute shrimp until pink and barely cooked through. Arrange on warm plates, spoon warm sauce over and garnish with herb sprigs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup kosher salt, 13 cup brown sugar, 1 quart cold water, 1 pound large 1620 size white shrimp, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup minced shallots or green onion, 12 cup fruit vinegar, such as pear, 1 cup rich chicken stock, 13 cup heavy cream or creme fraiche, 14 cup diced fresh fruit such as pears or whatever the vinegar is made of, optional, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh herbs, of your choice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Garnish: Fresh chervil or tarragon sprigs], title: Shrimp with Vinegar Cream, picturelink: null}, 51852: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring 1 cup sugar and 2 cups water to a boil. Let cool slightly then measure out 2 cups. Combine the 2 cups with the lemon juice and chill.nMeanwhile in a saucepan, place the blackberries with 1 tablespoon of water and 3 tablespoons of sugar. Bring to a boil then turn the heat down to a simmer, stirring often to reduce to a thick puree. Strain, if desired and chill the puree.nSpin the chilled sorbet mixture in your ice cream maker then place in a frozen bowl. Fold in the chilled blackberry puree lightly to swirl it. Freeze until ready to enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, plus 3 tablespoons, 2 cups water, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 cups lemon juice, 1 halfpint blackberries], title: Blackberry and Lemon Swirl Sorbet, picturelink: null}, 51853: {instructions: Combine the orange juice, soy sauce, and hot red pepper flakes in a small bowl and set aside.nSnap off the tough ends of the asparagus. If the asparagus are thin, cut them on the diagonal into 2inch pieces. If the asparagus are average or thicker, cut the spears in half lengthwise and then on the diagonal in 2inch pieces.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large nonstick skillet set over high heat. When the oil is shimmering but not smoking, add the asparagus and stirfry for 2 minutes. Push the asparagus to the sides of the pan and place the garlic and ginger in the center. Drizzle the remaining 1 teaspoon oil over the garlic and ginger. Cook until fragrant, about 20 seconds. Add the orange juice mixture, toss to coat well, and cover. Cook until the asparagus are tender, 2 to 3 minutes, depending on the thickness of the spears.nRemove the cover and add the basil. Stirfry until the sauce has reduced to a thick glaze, about 30 seconds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup orange juice, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, or more to taste, 1 12 pounds asparagus, 4 teaspoons roasted peanut oil, 2 medium garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh gingerroot, 12 cup packed fresh basil leaves], title: StirFried Asparagus and Basil with Spicy Orange Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51854: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the cake, begin by greasing a 15 by 10inch cake pan.nCream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Then whip the eggs separately until they triple in volume and are pale yellow. Add the eggs to the butter mixture. Sift together the allpurpose flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and baking soda. Gradually add the dry ingredients alternating the Guinness to the creamed mixture. Place the batter in the pan and bake for approximately 20 to 25 minutes.nTo make the cherry compote, wash, stem, and pit the cherries. Combine the water, brandy, lime juice, and black pepper in a saucepan. Thoroughly mix the sugar and cornstarch then add the mixture to the saucepan. Bring to a boil, add the cherries and simmer, stirring frequently for 10 minutes, or until the cherries are soft. Then chill.nTo make the simple syrup, place the sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and let cool. Take 1 cup of simple sugar and add 1 cup of Guinness stout, and 13 cup Irish whiskey and stir.nTo make the zabaglione, begin by beating the egg yolks and sugar in a stainless steel or copper bowl until light and fluffy. Add the Irish whiskey and place over the simmering water and whip consistently until the mixture is hot enough to coat a spoon. Immediately remove from the heat and place over the ice water until it is cold. Whip heavy cream and 1 teaspoon sugar until a medium peak forms and gently fold into zabaglione, to taste.nTo assemble, first cut the cake into cubes and gently place in a desired glass. Moisten with the Guinness syrup, then spoon the compote on top of the cubed cake. Add a layer of the zabaglione and repeat the layers until the glass is full. Add a chocolate covered pretzel rod for garnish and serve., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 1 12 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, 2 cups all purpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 14 ounces Guinness stout, 2 pounds fresh cherries, 12 cup water, 34 cup cherry brandy recommended: Kirschwasser, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 cup Guinness stout, 13 cup Irish whiskey, 12 egg yolks, 2 cups sugar, plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cups Irish whiskey, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Guinness Stout Parfait, picturelink: P1.0.pMQw.8qGQ2GFyFgDiTuVGoyuDO}, 51855: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a skillet and brown the sausage over medium heat. Add about 2 tablespoons of water to the skillet, cover with a lid, and cook for about 20 minutes, turning once during the process. Roughly chop the sausage links.nPreheat a large skillet or flat grill over mediumhigh heat and melt margarine. Add the cooked potatoes and saute until golden brown. Add onions, green peppers, tomatoes, browned sausage, and jalapeno peppers. Saute together for 5 minutes. Mix in beaten eggs until the eggs are cooked.nDivide jumbot in half in the skillet or grill, and add 8 ounces of the cheddar cheese to 1 half of jumbot. Take the other half of jumbot and lay it on top of cheese. Sprinkle remaining cheese on top., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 8 ounces hot sausage link, 2 tablespoons water, One 4ounce stick margarine, 6 cups peeled, chopped, boiled potatoes, 1 12 cups chopped onions, 1 12 cups chopped green peppers, 1 12 cups chopped tomatoes, 1 cup jalapeno peppers, 9 eggs, beaten, 10 ounces shredded Cheddar, Serving suggestion: serve with Italian toast], title: Dor Stop Restaurant  Italian Jumbot Recipe, picturelink: YLG2RTJOUncQaXrcOZANXm3YLB7OW}, 51856: {instructions: Put juice, banana, strawberries and vanilla extract in the blender. Blend for 20 to 30 seconds on puree settings until smooth. Add yogurt and ice. Blend about 30 seconds or until the yogurt is well blended and ice is slightly crunchy. Serve in tall glasses and garnish with a big red strawberry, ingredients: [1 12 cups Tropicana Orange Strawberry Banana Juice, 34 of a ripe banana, 34 cup of strawberries, 1 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups frozen lowfat vanilla yogurt, 34 cup ice cubes, Whole strawberries for garnish], title: Little Reds Favorite Fruit Frappe, picturelink: null}, 51857: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, add the olive oil. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Season with freshly ground black pepper. Add the cooked lobster meat and saute quickly, just to heat up the meat.nRemove the pan from the heat and carefully add the vodka. Return the pan to the heat, ignite the alcohol, and cook until the alcohol burns off and the flames die out. Keep the pan moving throughout this process so nothing burns. Season with salt and serve., ingredients: [1 cup vodka, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 1 12pound lobsters, cooked, meat removed from the shell, and cut into 1 12inch pieces], title: Lobster Flambe, picturelink: null}, 51858: {instructions: Cook macaroni according to package directions drain well.nPlace ricotta and cream cheese in a bowl and mash together. Stir in 1 cup shredded cheese, egg, chopped basil and garlic. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg set aside.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn large pot of boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, or barely tender. Drain well, making sure to empty shells of any remaining water set aside to cool briefly.nSpread about 12 cup marinara sauce over bottom of large baking dish. Spoon ricotta mixture evenly into shells and arrange in dish. Pour remaining sauce over top. Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover dish, sprinkle with remaining shredded cheese and bake for an additional 10 minutes.nRemove from oven and garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [1 cup fatfree ricotta cheese, 2 ounces 13lessfat cream cheese, softened, 8 ounces Cabot 50 Reduced Fat Cheddar, grated  divided about 2 cups, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 16 large fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 16 large dried pasta shells, 1 26ounce jar low sodium marinara sauce, Fresh basil leaves garnish], title: MakeAhead Stuffed Shells with Cabot White Cheddar Cheese, picturelink: null}, 51859: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the tomato sauce: Heat a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the olive oil. Add the lamb, onions and peppers, and cook until the lamb is browned and the vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, and then add the tomato sauce, wine, chicken stock, rosemary, thyme, herbs de Provence and nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper. Simmer while you prepare the cheese filling.nFor the cheese filling: In a large bowl, combine the ricotta with the mozzarella and pecorino. Add the egg and yolks and stir well to combine. Stir in the spinach and season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble: Remove the sauce from the heat and spread some on the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish. Lay 2 pasta sheets over the sauce, top with some cheese filling and then some more sauce. Layer on 2 more pasta sheets and repeat until all of the cheese filling and sauce are used, finishing with the sauce. You may or may not use all of the pasta sheets. Sprinkle the top with some grated pecorino.nCover the lasagna with foil and bake in the oven for about 1 hour. Then uncover and bake until the pasta is cooked and the cheese on top is golden and bubbly, about 20 minutes more. Let sit a few minutes before slicing and serving.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, One 28ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 tablespoons chicken stock, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon herbs de Provence, Pinch ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups ricotta, 12 cup grated mozzarella, 12 cup grated pecorino cheese, plus more for topping lasagna, 1 egg plus 2 egg yolks, beaten, 2 cups baby spinach, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds fresh lasagna pasta sheets], title: Lousagna, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 51860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, sweat garlic and shallots in olive oil until shallots are softened, about 4 to 5 minutes.nDeglaze pan with orange juice and soy sauce. Bring to a boil. Transfer mixture to blender. Add miso, wasabi and mirin. Blend until smooth.nSeason tuna steaks with salt and pepper. Sear tuna on grill, about 1 to 2 minutes per side for rare. Slice tuna and plate immediately on bed of white sticky rice and finely sliced radicchio and romaine. Drizzle with ponzu sauce., ingredients: [3 large cloves garlic, minced, 3 shallots, diced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 4 tablespoons miso, 2 tablespoons wasabi powder, 1 tablespoon mirin, or to taste, Eight 12inch thick yellowfin tuna steaks about 4 to 6 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, White sticky rice, for serving, Sliced radicchio, for serving, Sliced romaine lettuce, for serving], title: Robs Point Loma Ponzu Tuna, picturelink: ys4uBLX8bLjdMWipPaY0TLqjlkfjjTm}, 51861: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine 18 muffin cups with paper liners. Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and ginger in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the mixture and add the milk, eggs, and melted butter. Stir quickly just to combine. Add the cranberries, figs, hazelnuts, and both sugars and stir just to distribute the fruits, nuts, and sugar evenly throughout the batter.nSpoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each one to the top. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until browned on the top and a toothpick inserted in the center of the muffins comes out clean., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 14 cups whole milk, 2 extralarge eggs, 12 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped fresh cranberries, 12 cup mediumdiced Calimyrna figs, 34 cup coarsely chopped hazelnuts, toasted and skinned, 34 cup brown sugar, packed, 34 cup granulated sugar], title: Cranberry Harvest Muffins, picturelink: UPHo5Yhb4ZeVSjHXgHfhczVvCooxuHi}, 51862: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bagnIn a bowl, mix the cream cheese and vanilla extract until smooth. Mix in the guava paste, then transfer the mixture to a piping bag.nWith a small serrated knife, create a pocket inside each brioche slice by inserting the knife in the middle of the crust on the bottom side, making sure not to cut through to the other end of the slice. Pipe about 4 tablespoons of the filling into each pocket.nHeat a griddle over medium heat.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together the cream, granulated sugar, cinnamon, salt and eggs. Dip a piece or 2 of the stuffed brioche in the custard mixture and allow to soak for 30 seconds on each side.nAdd 1 tablespoon of butter to the griddle per brioche slice. When melted, gently transfer the soaked slices from the custard to the griddle. Cook until the bread is golden, the custard is cooked and the filling is warm, about 2 minutes each side. Soak and cook the remaining stuffed slices, adding the remaining butter to the griddle.nServe with powdered sugar and maple syrup., ingredients: [12 cup cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup diced guava paste, 4 thick slices brioche about 2 inches thick, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 4 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Powdered sugar, for serving, Maple syrup, for serving], title: GuavaandCheeseStuffed French Toast, picturelink: null}, 51863: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat, 2 to 3 minutes, then set aside to cool 5 minutes. Whisk the brown sugar, granulated sugar, vanilla and eggs in a large bowl until smooth. Pour in the butter from the skillet and whisk until combined. Do not wipe out the skillet.nWhisk the flour, cocoa powder, salt and baking soda in a medium bowl. Stir the flour mixture into the egg mixture with a rubber spatula until just incorporated, being careful not to overmix. Stir in all but 14 cup of the pecans.nScrape the dough into the buttered skillet, gently spreading it to the edges and making the top even. Sprinkle the remaining 14 cup pecans on top and press lightly with the rubber spatula to make them stick to the dough. Bake until the top is cracked, the edges are slightly browned and crisp and the center is still soft when gently pressed, 40 to 45 minutes. Cool in the skillet on a wire rack for 15 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve warm with ice cream if desired., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups pecan halves 8 ounces, roughly chopped, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, optional], title: Chocolate Pecan Skillet Cookie, picturelink: VE2.GWTkrvxqX0Q203zWZz35HiPteFC}, 51864: {instructions: Put a large pot of water on to boil for pasta.nPlace sweet hot mustard in a bowl. Whisk in Tamari sauce. Add stock and sesame oil to the broth and soy. Set aside.nSlice the pork chop very thinly against the grain.nWhen water for pasta boils, heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high to high heat. To the skillet, add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream. Add crushed pepper flakes to the oil, then the thinly sliced pork. Season pork with salt and pepper. Cook pork 2 minutes to caramelize the meat, then turn and stirfry. Add salt to pasta water, then carrots. Blanch carrots for a minute, then remove with a slotted spoon. Add fresh linguini to boiling water. Transfer carrots to pork stirfry. Add mushrooms, ginger, red bell pepper, scallions and bean sprouts. Toss and stirfry veggies with pork for 2 minutes. Cook pasta to al dente. Drain and add to the pork and veggies. Pour Tamari and broth mixture over the noodles and pork. Toss and allow the noodles to completely soak up the liquids, a minute or so. Remove from heat. Serve large bowls of noodles, pork and veggies with a garnish of toasted sesame seeds or black sesame seeds. Break out the chopsticks, ingredients: [1 rounded tablespoon sweethot mustard, 14 cup tamari, dark, sweet soy sauce, eyeball the amount, 12 cup vegetable or chicken stock, or about half of one 14 ounce container, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, from Asian foods aisle, a serious drizzle, 2 boneless centercut pork loin chop, 8 ounces each, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and black pepper, 1 carrot, cut into matchsticks, 1 package 16 ounces fresh linguini, 12 to 16 shiitake mushrooms, thinly sliced, 3 inches fresh ginger root, finely chopped or grated, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced, 5 scallions, thinly sliced on an angle, 2 cups fresh bean spouts, 4 handfuls, 3 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds or black sesame seeds, for garnish], title: AsianStyle Pork and Vegetable Noodles, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 51865: {instructions: Chill 4 glasses.nCombine the coconut milk ice cubes, cream of coconut, simple syrup, tequila, orange liqueur, coconut soda, coconut water, coconut extract and lime juice in a blender and pulse until the ice is crushed and the mixture is combined. It should be super frosty. Add more ice if needed, then taste and add a little extra tequila if desired.nRim the chilled glasses with coarse salt. Divide the coconut mixture among the glasses, and top each with a lime wedge and cherry., ingredients: [About 1 12 cups coconut milk ice cubes or regular ice cubes see Cooks Note, 12 cup cream of coconut, 12 cup simple syrup, 12 cup silver tequila or coconutflavored tequila, if you can find it, 13 cup orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 14 cup coconut soda or seltzer, such as LaCroix, 14 cup coconut water, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 2 limes, juiced, plus lime wedges, for serving, Coarse salt, for rimming the glasses, Cherries, for serving], title: Frosty Coconut Margaritas, picturelink: DQG6PbndSKjHVvxrnPmoTVf3J5.qWrG}, 51866: {instructions: Place the chopped chocolate in a large bowl. In a saucepan, bring the cream to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Quickly pour the hot cream over the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute then whisk together until the chocolate is melted. Whisk in the mascarpone, then strain into a bowl big enough to whip the mixture in the next day. Cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.nRemove the chocolate mixture from the refrigerator and whip until fluffy and slightly stiffened, being careful not to overwhip like heavy cream, the mixture can turn to butter if whipped too long. Refrigerate.nCombine the espresso and coffee liqueur in a shallow dish. I wear rubber gloves for the next step to keep my fingers from getting stained. Pick up 1 ladyfinger, then place it in the espresso for just as long as it takes you to pick up the next 1 and place it in the espresso about 10 seconds. Fish the first 1 out and place it in the bottom of a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Repeat with the remaining ladyfingers, arranging them in rows in the bottom of the dish and continuously adding and removing the ladyfingers from the espresso mixture. This will allow them to soak for the perfect amount of time without getting soggythey should be wet on the outside but still have an unsoaked core at the center.nWhen you have made a complete layer of ladyfingers, spread half of the chocolate mixture over the ladyfingers and cover lightly with some of the chocolate shavings. Repeat, making 1 more complete layer of ladyfingers, chocolate, and shavings. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve, at least 2 hours.nServe cold, dishing out spoonfuls with a large serving spoon. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, if desired., ingredients: [10 ounces bestquality semisweet chocolate 8 ounces coarsely chopped and 2 ounces peeled into shavings, 2 cups heavy cream, 8 ounces mascarpone, 2 cups espresso or very strong coffee, cooled, 13 cup coffee liqueur recommended: Kahlua, About 44 ladyfingers available at supermarkets and Italian bakeries, Powdered sugar], title: Chocolate Tiramisu, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 51867: {instructions: Special equipment: RIZO Micom Rice Cooker and WarmernAdd 12 the olive oil to a saute pan over medium heat. Add the garlic, jalapenos and onions and saute for about 3 to 4 minutes, do not brown. Add the chili powder, cumin, oregano, bay leaf, beans and tomatoes and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes until all ingredients are warm, then set aside.nAdd the other 12 of the olive oil to a sauce pot and saute the rice until warm, about 30 to 60 seconds. Transfer the rice to the inner cooking pan of the RIZO Micom Rice Cooker and Warmer and place inside the cooker. Pour the heated chicken stock over the rice and then place the sauteed ingredients on top of the rice. Close the lid and press the risotto button to start. When the rice is finished it will automatically switch to warm mode. Press the RESET button. Add the salt, pepper, butter and cheese, mix all and serve immediately. Garnish with cilantro, scallion flowers and maduros., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped jalapeno, 12 cup chopped onions, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup cooked black beans, 12 cup chopped plum tomatoes, 1 cup Arborio rice, 2 cups chicken stock, heated, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon grated cotija cheese, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish, Scallion flowers, for garnish, Maduros, for garnish], title: Black Bean Risotto, picturelink: null}, 51868: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the oven 6 inches below the broiler and preheat the broiler.nPut the peppers on a baking sheet and put it under the broiler. Roast, turning the peppers with tongs a quarter turn every couple of minutes, until charred on all sides, 8 to 10 minutes total. Transfer the peppers to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let the peppers steam for 10 minutes to loosen the skins.nUsing a paper towel, rub the charred skins off the peppers. Carefully remove the cores, stems, and seeds, and slice the pieces lengthwise into thin strips. Reserve any liquid the peppers release.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the asparagus and cook for 1 minute drain and rinse under cold water. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned and cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer the sausage to a plate with a slotted spoon.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and salt it generously. Cook the pasta until al dente according to the package instructions. Drain and return the pasta to the warm pot.nAdd 3 tablespoons olive oil to the skillet, add the eggplant, season with salt and pepper, and cook until brown and just tender, 5 to 6 minutes.nAdd 1 tablespoon of olive oil and the garlic to the skillet and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the roasted peppers with any reserved liquid, asparagus, sausage, and vinegar and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes more.nTransfer the sausage mixture to the warm rigatoni and add the Parmesan, parsley, and remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and stir to combine.nTaste the pasta and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Transfer to a large bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers, 1 bunch asparagus, woody ends trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound spicy Italian chicken sausage, casings removed, 8 ounces dried rigatoni, 1 baby eggplant about 6 ounces stemmed and cut into 12inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Rigatoni with Spicy Chicken Sausage, Asparagus, Eggplant, and Roasted Peppers, picturelink: jQVIFdcuESMLF5W6ThUvEdFGNHPhGHy}, 51869: {instructions: Set toaster oven to highest setting.nBreak string cheese into thirds and put in a blender or food processorblend at high speed until cheese takes on a shredded or grated consistency. Or just tear string cheese into pieces and roughly chop. Set aside.nPlace tortilla on a microwavesafe plate and microwave for 10 seconds, or until just warm. Evenly spread sauce onto the center of the tortilla, and sprinkle with a dash of each of the spices. Top with spinach, stewed tomatoes, Parmstyle topping, chopped turkey pepperoni, and shreddedgrated string cheese.nWrap tortilla up like a burrito, folding the sides in first, and then rolling it up from the bottom. Place wrap on a microwavesafe plate, seam side down, and warm in the microwave for 30 seconds.nTransfer wrap to the toaster oven and cook until hot on the inside and slightly crisp on the outside, about 3 minutes. Dig in, ingredients: [1 stick light string cheese, 1 mediumlarge highfiber flour tortilla with about 110 calories, 2 tablespoons pizza sauce, Dash Italian seasoning, Dash garlic powder, Dash onion powder, 14 cup chopped spinach leaves, 14 cup canned stewed tomatoes, roughly chopped, patted dry, 1 teaspoon reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping, 6 pieces turkey pepperoni, chopped], title: Pepperoni Pizza Wrap, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 51870: {instructions: For the glaze: In a small saucepan, bring the vinegar, maple syrup, mustard and garlic to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until thick, about 12 minutes. Set aside to cool for 5 minutes.nFor the salmon: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange the salmon on the baking sheet. Drizzle both sides of the salmon with the olive oil and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Roast until the salmon is cooked through and flakes easily with a fork, 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside to cool for 10 minutes.nFor the vegetables: In a medium skillet, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and cook until the shallots are softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the edamame and snap peas and cook until warmed through, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nDivide the vegetable mixture among 4 serving plates. Top with a piece of salmon and drizzle with the glaze., ingredients: [34 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed or chopped, Four 6ounce centercut salmon fillets, skinned, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large or 2 small shallots, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed or chopped, 2 12 cups frozen shelled edamame 12 ounces, thawed, 2 cups sugar snap peas 6 ounces, halved], title: BalsamicGlazed Salmon, picturelink: O0LbjldaXbLgICLOCOfCy3W4.9061K}, 51871: {instructions: For the Oysters: Dredge oysters in cornmeal. Heat oil in a large skillet until almost smoking. Saute oysters on each side for 1 minute. Spoon 2 teaspoons of butter sauce into each reserved shell. Top with an oyster and a heaping teaspoon of caviarnFor the Aged Sherry Sauce: Place shallots and sherry vinegar in a small saucepan and reduce to 1 tablespoon over high heat. Whisk in the butter, piece by piece. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [12 oysters, shucked and 12 shell reserved, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, seasoned with salt and pepper, 1 cup peanut oil, 2 12 ounces osetra caviar, 2 shallots, peeled and finely diced, 1 cup aged sherry vinegar, 2 sticks, very cold butter, cut into pieces, Salt and pepper], title: Pan Fried Oysters with Aged Sherry Sauce and Osetra Caviar, picturelink: null}, 51872: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCook garlic in butter in a large heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, 1 minute. Add tomatoes with puree and half of basil and simmer sauce over moderate heat, uncovered, stirring, 20 minutes. Stir in orange juice and salt and pepper, to taste.nWhile sauce is cooking, stir together ricotta, Parmesan, remaining basil, oregano, and salt and pepper to taste. Separate wonton skins and add to a saucepan of salted boiling water, then immediately transfer with a slotted spoon to a shallow dish filled with cold water.nSpread 12 cup tomato sauce evenly in bottom of a buttered 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Arrange 4 wonton skins, drained briefly on a kitchen towel, in 1 layer on top of sauce. Divide half of ricotta mixture evenly among squares in pan and top with 4 more squares, drained briefly. Spoon remaining ricotta mixture evenly on top of squares in pan and top with remaining 4 squares.nSpoon several tablespoons sauce over each stack and bake, uncovered, in the middle of the oven until bubbling and heated through, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 34 cups canned crushed tomatoes with puree 14 ounces, 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, or to taste, 34 cup wholemilk ricotta, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 wonton skins small type, Fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Lazy Lasagne with TomatoBasil Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51873: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed pot, heat olive oil and then add the onions. Gently fry until soft and translucent. Add the pumpkin, bay leaves and 1 cup of the vegetable stock. Bring to a simmer and cover. Steam over low heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Add a tablespoon of remaining stock to the pumpkin base and mash it down into a puree using the back of a wooden spoon or spatula.nIn a large, heavybottomed pan, heat some olive oil and add the rice. Add the remaining stock and cook for 12 minutes with the lid on until the stock has been absorbed, the rice is al dente, and has a lovely creamy consistency. Add the pumpkin puree into the risotto pan and stir together.nFinally, add freshly grated Parmesan and butter to the pan and stir well. Season with sea salt and pepper.nServe the risotto on individual plates and spoon the Amarone Wine Sauce over top.nIn a mediumsized pan, heat the Amarone wine, a pinch of salt, sugar, bay leaf, and cinnamon. Stir well and heat over a low flame until the sugar is dissolved.nIn a small bowl, mix together the water and flour. Gradually add the flour and water mixture to the pan, continually stirring, until the sauce has the desired consistency and flour is cooked the sauce should be clear., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 34 to 1 pound pumpkin, peeled and chopped into bitesized pieces, 2 fresh bay leaves, 3 cups vegetable stock, plus 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon butter, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Amarone sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups Amarone wine, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup water], title: Pumpkin Risotto with Amarone Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51874: {instructions: Rinse turkey with cool water, and dry with paper towels. Let stand for 2 hours at room temperature. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F with a rack on the bottom. Combine melted butter and white wine in a bowl. Fold a large piece of cheesecloth into quarters and cut into a 17inch, 4 layer square. Immerse cheesecloth in the butter and wine let soak. Place turkey, breast side up, on a roasting rack in a heavy metal roasting pan. If the turkey comes with a popup timer, remove it using an instantread thermometer later will give a more accurate indication of doneness. Fold wing tips under turkey. Sprinkle 12 teaspoon salt and pepper inside turkey. Fill large cavity with as much stuffing as it will hold comfortably do not pack tightly. Cook remaining stuffing in a buttered baking dish at 375 degrees F. Tie legs together loosely with kitchen string a bow will be easy to untie later. Fold neck flap under and secure with toothpicks. Rub turkey with the softened butter and sprinkle with remaining 1 12 teaspoons salt and pepper. Lift cheesecloth out of liquid and squeeze it slightly, leaving it very damp reserve remaining liquid. Spread it evenly over the breast and about halfway down the sides of the turkey it can cover some of the leg area. Place turkey, legs first, in oven. Cook for 30 minutes. Using a pastry brush, baste cheesecloth and exposed parts of turkey with butterandwine mixture. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue to cook for 2 12 more hours, basting every 30 minutes and watching pan juices if the pan gets too full, spoon out juices, reserving them for gravy. After the third hour of cooking, carefully remove and discard cheesecloth. Turn roasting pan so that the breast is facing the back of the oven. Baste turkey with pan juices. If there are not enough juices, continue to use the butterandwine mixture. The skin will get fragile as it browns, so baste carefully. Cook 1 more hour, basting after 30 minutes. After the fourth hour of cooking, insert an instantread thermometer into the thickest part of the thigh, avoiding any bones. The temperature should reach 180 degrees stuffing should be between 140 degrees and 160 degrees and the turkey should be golden brown. The breast does not need to be checked for temperature. If legs are not yet fully cooked, baste turkey, return to oven, and cook another 20 to 30 minutes. When fully cooked, transfer turkey to a serving platter and let rest for about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, make gravy. Pour all of the pan juices into a glass measuring cup. Let stand until fat rises to the surface, about 10 minutes, then skim it off. Meanwhile, place roasting pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 cup dry white or red wine, or water, to the pan. Using a wooden spoon, scrape the pan until liquid boils and all the crisp bits are unstuck from pan. Add giblet stock to pan. Stir well and bring back to the boil. Cook until liquid has reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Add the defatted pan juices and cook over mediumhigh heat 10 minutes more. You will have about 2 12 cups of gravy. Season, to taste, strain into a warm gravy boat, and serve with turkey.nMelt butter in a large skillet. Add onions and celery and cook over medium heat until onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add sage, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine, and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Add 12 cup stock and stir well. Cook for about 5 minutes, until liquid has reduced by half. Transfer onion mixture to a large mixing bowl. Add bread cubes, parsley, eggs, and remaining 5 12 cups stock mix to combine.nYield: 12 cupsnTrim any fat or membrane from giblets. The liver should not have the gallbladder, a small green sac, attached. If it is, trim it off carefully, removing part of the liver if necessary. Do not pierce the sac the liquid it contains is very bitter. Rinse giblets and neck and pat dry. In a medium saucepan, melt 3 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add chopped onions, celery and leaves, and leek. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and cook another 5 minutes. Add 4 cups water, bay leaf, gizzard, heart, and neck do not add liver it needs to be cooked separately or it makes the stock bitter. Bring to a boil, then reduce to simmer. Cook for 45 minutes, or until gizzard is tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. Meanwhile, chop the liver finely. Melt remaining tablespoon of butter in a small skillet over mediumlow heat. Add liver and cook, stirring constantly, 4 to 6 minutes, until liver no longer releases any blood and is fully cooked. Set aside. After the 45 minutes of simmering, the liquid should reduce to about 2 12 cups. If it has not, increase the heat and cook another 10 to 15 minutes. Strain broth. Chop gizzard and heart very fine and add to strained broth along with chopped liver. Pick meat off neck and add to broth. Set broth aside until needed for gravy.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [1 20 to 21 pound fresh whole turkey, giblets and neck removed from cavity and reserved, 1 12 cups unsalted butter 3 sticks, melted, plus 4 tablespoons at room temperature, 3 12 cups dry white wine, plus 1 cup for gravy optional, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Classic Stuffing, recipe follows, Giblet Stock, recipe follows, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 onions 2 pounds, cut into 14inch dice, 16 celery stalks, cut into 14inch dice, 10 large fresh sage leaves, chopped, or 2 teaspoons crushed dried sage, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups homemade chicken stock or lowsodium canned chicken broth, skimmed of fat recipe follows, 2 loaves stale white bread about 36 slices, crust on, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 bunches fresh flatleaf parsley, coarsely chopped about 3 cups, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Giblets, heart, gizzard, liver and neck reserved from turkey, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, 1 celery stalk with leaves, stalk cut into 14inch dice, leaves roughly chopped, 1 small leek, white and pale green parts well washed and cut into 14inch dice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf], title: Turkey 101, picturelink: null}, 51875: {instructions: Whip the heavy cream in a bowl with a handheld electric mixer until it holds stiff peaks. Set in the fridge.nIn a large bowl, cream together the mascarpone, sugar, vanilla and 1 12 tablespoons amaretto, by hand, using a spatula or wooden spoon. Fold in the whipped cream and set aside.nAdd the coffee and remaining 1 12 tablespoons amaretto to a shallow bowl and set aside.nDip 2 of the ladyfinger halves in the coffee mixture and lay them in the bottom of a 4ounce glass. Spoon some of the cream mixture over them, sprinkle with some cocoa powder and repeat with another layer of dipped cookie halves, cream and cocoa powder. Repeat the same process with the remaining ingredients in another glass, cover with some plastic wrap and pop them in the fridge to set for a few hours.nWhen ready to serve, sprinkle the tiramisu with the broken amaretti cookies and a little extra cocoa powder., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup 2 ounces mascarpone cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons amaretto or other almond liqueur, 14 cup really strong coffee or espresso, cooled, 4 savoiardi Italian lady fingers, each cut in half, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for garnish, Amaretti cookies, broken into pieces, for garnish], title: Amaretto Tiramisu for Two, picturelink: FjMNEvbpqNU6Kiw2afVlAsMQscZD1ne}, 51876: {instructions: In a large saute pan heat the olive oil. Add the pancetta and cook until lightly crisp.nSplit the pumpkin in half, scoop out the seeds and bake cutside down at 350 degrees for about 30 minutes, or until tender but not mushy. Then cut the rind away from the flesh.nCut the flesh into 1inch cubes and put 2 cups of cubes in a bowl.nTo pancetta add the shallots and celery. Cook until vegetables are translucent, about 5 minutes.nToast the bread cubes at 350 degrees on an oiled sheet pan until light brown, about 20 minutes.nTo pumpkin cubes add toasted bread cubes. Add the garlic to pancetta pan. To bowl of cubes add the mixture of herbs, figs, the toasted pumpkin seeds, butter, salt and pepper, chicken stock and pancetta mixture. Stir to combine.nTransfer mixture to a roasting pan, cover, and bake at 375 degrees for 15 minutes, uncover and bake for another 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound of pancetta, Small pumpkin, about 1 12 pounds, 4 large shallots, peeled and sliced, 14 cup celery, diced, 5 cups of 12inch bread cubes, crust included, 3 tablespoons garlic, minced, 12 cup mixture of herbs parsley, thyme, rosemary, 14 cup dried figs, halved, 14 cup shelled and lightly toasted pumpkin seeds, 3 tablespoons of butter, Salt and pepper, 14 cup chicken stock], title: Pumpkin and Pancetta Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 51877: {instructions: In a bowl mix together the KELLOGGSu00ae CORN FLAKESu00ae, pecans, fresh parsley and a few twists of cracked black pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh, and add canola oil. Season the pork chops with salt and press into the corn flake mixture. Gently press down to coat the pork well. Add the pork chops to the hot skillet and cook about 3 minutes per side. Remove and set aside to rest.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, and honey. Slice the biscuits in half, slather with the honeymustard mixture, and add the pork, lettuce, and tomato. Top with the other half of the biscuit. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup KELLOGGSu00ae CORN FLAKESu00ae, crushed, 12 cup pecans, crushed, 4 boneless pork chops, Kosher salt, to taste, 12 cup prepared mayonnaise, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 4 easy bake biscuits, baked according to package directions, 14 head iceberg lettuce, leaves removed, 1 large tomato, sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons canola oil], title: Corn Flakes Encrusted Pork Cutlet Sandwich on a Buttermilk Biscuit, picturelink: SVO6zIfqqcADM2W0zr4phrAJmTUnLi}, 51878: {instructions: Whisk together the buttermilk, mayonnaise, chives, vinegar, sugar, lemon juice and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. Combine the walnuts, celery and apples in a separate large bowl. Pour threequarters of the dressing over the celeryapple mixture and toss to coat. Let stand for 5 minutes at room temperature, then toss again. Adjust the seasoning as desired. Add the remaining dressing and toss again. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup plus 2 teaspoons lowfat mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup toasted walnuts, roughly chopped, 8 ribs celery, sliced about 14 inch thick on the bias, 2 Gala apples, skin on, cored and diced], title: Moms Waldorf Salad, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 51879: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nFor the glaze: In a small saucepot add canola oil and saute onions and garlic until translucent. Then add chipotle and arbol chilies and continue to cook until chiles start to toast. Then add cracked black pepper and deglaze with Worcestershire sauce and orange juice. Reduce orange juice until starts to thicken. Then add in your favorite barbecue sauce and reduce to low heat. Continue cooking for about 15 minutes. Season with hot sauce, lemon juice and to taste with salt. Strain barbecue sauce and set aside.nFor the porkloin: On a large sheet pan rub the porkloin with olive oil and season with salt and cracked pepper. Roast in a 350 degree oven basting with the citrus glaze about every 15 minutes until the internal temperature is about 140 degrees. Let meat set up for about 5 minutes and slice., ingredients: [2 ounces canola oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 chipotle pepper, chopped, 1 arbol chile, steam removed, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups orange juice, 2 cups barbecue sauce, 6 dashes hot sauce, 2 lemons juiced, Kosher salt to taste, 3 pounds pork loin, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper], title: Citrus Glazed Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 51880: {instructions: Preheat the oil to 375 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, and lemon. Whisk well. Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together. Fold the flour mixture into the egg mixture. Stir until smooth. Hold your finger over the funnel opening, fill with 34 cup of the filling. Place your hand over the oil and carefully remove your finger. Scribble and crisscross the filling into the hot oil. Fry until golden on both sides. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Dust with cinnamon sugar mix. Repeat the process until all of the batter is used., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 2 14 cups milk, 12 teaspoon pure lemon extract, 4 cups flour, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Oil for frying, Cinnamon powdered sugar for dusting], title: Funnel Cakes, picturelink: null}, 51881: {instructions: Cut the fruit into large chunks. Process the apples and pears in a food processor, working in batches, until finely grated. Transfer the fruit to the slow cooker.nSprinkle in the brown sugar, apple juice, molasses, allspice, cloves and salt, and add the cinnamon sticks. Cover and cook 4 to 6 hours on high heat.nRemove the lid and reserve the cinnamon sticks. Carefully return the fruit, in batches, to the food processor and process until smooth. Transfer the processed fruit back to the slow cooker along with the cinnamon sticks. Continue cooking on high until thick and spreadable, another 2 to 4 hours. Allow the mixture to cool before transferring to sealed airtight containers.nRefrigerate up to 2 weeks or freeze up to 3 months., ingredients: [6 McIntosh apples, peeled and cored, 6 Bartlett pears, peeled and cored, 34 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup apple juice or cider, 14 cup molasses, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Two 3inch cinnamon sticks], title: Slow Cooker Spiced Apple and Pear Butter, picturelink: null}, 51882: {instructions: Remove the peel and pith from oranges with a pairing knife, cut each section into quarters.nIn a heavy saucepan over medium heat combine oranges, cranberries, sugar, water, and ground ginger. Cook for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat and stir in lemon and lime juice. Cover sauce and chill before serving. Can be made up to 3 days prior to serving., ingredients: [2 large navel oranges, 1 12ounce package fresh cranberries, picked over, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon fresh lime juice], title: CitrusCranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 51883: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Toss the squash on the baking sheet with the thyme, 3 tablespoons of the oil, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper until the squash is well coated. Roast until very tender, about 30 minutes, stirring halfway through the cooking time.nMeanwhile, put the pistachios on a small baking sheet and toast until fragrant, about 5 minutes set aside to cool.nBring 4 cups of water to a boil in a medium saucepan and stir in the quinoa. Simmer, uncovered, until the quinoa is tender, about 10 minutes. Drain the quinoa and transfer to a medium bowl. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, the toasted pistachios, roasted squash and vinegar, toss well and adjust the seasoning with additional salt and pepper. Sprinkle with thyme leaves. Serve warm or at room temperature.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [3 cups chopped unpeeled acorn squash, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, roughly chopped, plus more for serving, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup shelled pistachios, 1 12 cups quinoa, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar], title: Quinoa with Roasted Squash and Pistachios, picturelink: UPhvbVv8hhlGd4OcIEWes3KXOOV5eAq}, 51884: {instructions: Baste raw bass pieces with Guajillo Chile Marinade and set aside. Heat coconut reduction sauce and set aside, keep warm. Brush scallops with blackened galangal powder blend and sear quickly, set aside and keep warm. Heat saute pan with little oil at medium low heat. When oil is hot, add bass, careful not to burn fish. Chile marinade contains a lot of sugar so watch your temperature, keep it low. Blacken tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of neutral oil. Add spinach and enoki mushrooms. Cook down until spinach has wilted and sauce is hot. Check on bass and turn when ready. Plate the dish when fish is done. Place coconut reduction sauce on large plate to cover completely. Place spinach mushroom mixture in center of plate. Place largest piece of bass on top of spinach. Place scallops on top of bass. Cover scallops with smoked salmon slices salmon is chilled or at room temperature, do not cook. Cover salmon with second piece of bass and use rosemary sprig to hold it all in one place. Add avocado around the outside of fish and garnish with tobiko.nPlace dry chiles in large stockpot and cover with rice vinegar. Place sugar on top and bring to simmer, allow to cook until chiles are tender. Place chiles in blender and puree. Use liquid as needed for puree. Add Ginger Oil to 2 quarts of the puree and mix well.nMix and bring to a boil, then leave at room temperature for 2 hours. Strain.nPlace coconut milk and lemon grass in large pan and bring to simmer, do not boil. Reduce heat by 65 to 70 percent and cool. Add remaining ingredients working in slowly and tasting so as not to overseason. Chill and hold. Use heavy cream if sauce breaks., ingredients: [One 6ounce sea bass cut into 2 thin slices, 2 tablespoons Guajillo Chile Marinade, recipe follows, 14 cup Coconut Lemon Grass Reduction Sauce, recipe follows, 10 to 20 scallops sliced into 2 thin pieces, 1 teaspoon blackened seasoning, galangal powder blend, Neutral oil, 13 cup currant, stemmed or yellow and red pear tomatoes, 12 ounce baby spinach, fresh, 1 ounce enoki mushrooms, One 1ounce thinly sliced smoked salmon, 1 sprig rosemary, 4inches in length, 14 avocado, diced, 1 teaspoon orange tobiko Japanese flying fish roe, 1 14 pounds dry guajillo chiles, cleaned, 1 to 2 quarts rice vinegar, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 ounces sriracha chili paste Thai chili paste, 1 pint Ginger Oil, recipe follows, 8 ounces ginger, bruised, 1 cup olive oil, 1 quart coconut milk, 3 12 stalks lemon grass, trimmed cleaned and bruised, 1 ounce chipotle puree, 4 ounces sugar, 1 cup lime juice, 14 cup rice vinegar, Heavy cream, as needed if sauce breaks], title: Sea Bass Napoleon with Galangal Blackened Scallops and Smoked Salmon, Blackened Tomatoes and Coconut Lemon Grass Reduction, picturelink: null}, 51885: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWarm the tortillas in a microwave to make them pliable. Spread each tortilla with 1 tablespoon of peanut butter. Divide the apple filling between the 4 tortillas. Fold in sides and then roll up each tortilla. Transfer to an ungreased baking sheet and make a couple of slashes in the top to allow the steam to vent. Sprinkle the tops of tortillas with 1 tablespoon sugar and bake until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and put the tortillas on a serving platter.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the cream cheese, milk, powdered sugar, and pumpkin pie spice. Brush on the apple pies and serve., ingredients: [4 wholewheat flour tortillas, 14 cup peanut butter, 12 21ounce can apple pie filling, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, room temperature, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice], title: Warm Apple Pies, picturelink: null}, 51886: {instructions: Microwave 4 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate with 14 cup water on 50 percent power until melted, 2 minutes, stirring halfway through. Divide among 4 small mugs and top each with a spoonful of condensed milk and a shot of hot espresso.nPhotographs by Marko MetzingerStudio D, ingredients: [], title: Layered Mocha, picturelink: EzdYe5Whds4iscT4kAjyoVeR3dbF6dW}, 51887: {instructions: Soak the mushrooms in hot water for 30 minutes drain. Remove the stems, then dice the caps and place in a food processor. Add the chicken, ham, ginger, 2 teaspoons salt, rice wine, sesame oil, soy sauce, cornstarch and egg white pulse 3 or 4 times to form a coarse paste. Stir in the scallions and jicama. Cover and chill for 30 minutes.nCut the top 3 or 4 inches off the cabbage and separate the leaves reserve the bottom for another use. Place a heaping tablespoon of filling in the center of each leaf and roll up to enclose the filling. Place seamside down on a plate.nHeat 14 inch of oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the rolls and fry until the chicken is cooked through and the cabbage is golden, about 2 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels, then serve with soy sauce.nPhotograph by Sang An, ingredients: [4 dried Chinese black mushrooms, 1 skinless, boneless chicken breast, diced, 2 ounces boiled ham, finely diced, 1 teaspoon minced peeled ginger, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, plus more for dipping, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 large egg white, 4 scallions, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 14 cup finely diced jicama, 1 large head napa cabbage, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: ChickenandMushroom Rolls, picturelink: YIm19UUwzM9pO0dAR98sX8bEm8pCS6.}, 51888: {instructions: Cook the rice according to package instructions.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the oil. Add the onions, zucchini and red pepper flakes. Cook until the vegetables just begin to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the ham and let cook another 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCrack the eggs into a bowl and beat them, adding a pinch of salt and pepper. Push the vegetables to the side of the skillet, add the eggs and cook until just set. Mix the eggs and vegetables together.nAdd the rice to the skillet with the vegetables and egg and cook, stirring frequently, until the rice is hot. Reserve 1 cup of the cooked rice for the Round 2 Recipe Stuffed Cabbage Rolls, or another use. Transfer to a serving dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup white rice, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 medium zucchini, diced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 4ounce slab deli ham, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs], title: Hearty Skillet Rice, picturelink: lMssCYPNT5G4QKGsVJbU2CNMxehSa2}, 51889: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a baking pan, toast almonds in one layer in middle of oven 10 to 15 minutes, or until lightly colored. Cut bell peppers into 2inchlong strips.nIn a 12inch heavy skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook half of peppers, stirring frequently, until crisptender, about 12 minutes. Transfer cooked peppers to a serving bowl. Cook remaining peppers in remaining tablespoon oil in same manner and transfer to bowl.nIn a 4quart kettle half filled with boiling salted water, cook beans until crisptender, about 6 minutes for green beans or about 3 minutes for haricots. Drain beans in colander and transfer to bowl. Toss vegetables with almonds and salt and pepper, to taste.nWine Suggestions: Kendall Jackson Chardonnay Hahn Estates or Glass Mountain Merlot Rosemount Shiraz, ingredients: [12 cup sliced almonds, 3 red bell peppers about 2 pounds, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 14 pounds green beans or haricots verts], title: Green Beans and Red Peppers with Almonds, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 51890: {instructions: Char the skins of sweet and hot peppers to black under a broiler with oven door slightly ajar, to prevent steam build up or place directly over stovetop flame. Cover the charred peppers and cool, peel, and seed. Reserve.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut head garlic to expose the cloves, dress in extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Press the garlic into the chopped rosemary and coat the cut cloves. Wrap the garlic up in foil and roast 40 to 45 minutes, until soft but still moist.nHalve the eggplant lengthwise and brush with extravirgin olive oil. Season the eggplant with salt and pepper and place cutside down on baking sheet and roast to very tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Cool the eggplant until easy to handle, then scoop the flesh away from skins and add to a food processor with roasted garlic and roasted sweet and hot peppers, then puree.nIn saucepan, heat the stock and tomatoes. If the tomatoes are whole, break them up. Stir in the eggplantpepper mixture and add basil and oregano, salt, and pepper, to taste.nSimmer sauce to combine flavors then cool and store for makeahead meal.nReheat over medium heat.nBoil long, curly pasta in salted water to al dente, toss the pasta with sauce and serve with cheese and a sprinkle fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 large red bell peppers, 1 large Fresno chile pepper or Holland chile pepper, 1 large head garlic, Sprig fresh rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 mediumlarge firm eggplant, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing eggplant, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 28ounce can Italian tomatoes, 2 fresh basil leaves, torn, Sprig fresh oregano, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 pound long fusilli pasta, Grated Pecorino cheese, Fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and chopped], title: Roasted Pepper and Eggplant Marinara, picturelink: U28B6mUGa0HQDi1A1Rm0REh5DYIuRJ6}, 51891: {instructions: Grate the cheddar cheese while very chilled, but then let the grated cheese get back to room temperature. In the bowl of a food processor, whirl the cheese, butter, mustard, sherry and cayenne pepper until smooth and creamynTransfer to a mixing bowl, cover and refrigerate until needed. You can do 2 weeks before serving. Remove from refrigerator 1 hour before serving fold in the nuts and repack into four 1 cup ramekins of crocks. Dust with chives for garnishnServe with crackers, or a crunchy vegetable like celery or fennel or jicama., ingredients: [1 pound sharp cheddar cheese, preferably white, 1 stick softened sweet butter, 2 teaspoonfuls or so of Dijon mustard or to taste, Cayenne pepper to taste, 14 cup or so of dry sherry, 1 to 1 12 cups chopped toasted pecans, Garnish: finely sliced chives], title: Cheddar Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 51892: {instructions: Pour the milk into a pan over moderate heat and whisk in the egg yolk. Stir in the vanilla rennet and remove from the heat and pour into a large bowl to set for about 10 minutes. When it starts to set, place in the refrigerator to chill. Pour the cold water into a saucepan over moderate heat and add both the sugars. Stir to dissolve and add the cinnamon stick. Mixture should clear in about 8 minutes.nRemove the set junket from the refrigerator and place on low heat. Very slowly, a little at a time, pour in the cinnamonflavored syrup with the cinnamon stick. This will separate the rennet into little pieces. Cook for 1 12 hours over low heat. When cooked, it will curd tightly, remove from the heat and allow to cool. Place in the refrigerator to thoroughly chill, ice cold in fact.nServe in bowls., ingredients: [4 cups milk, 1 egg yolk, 2 packets vanilla rennet, 1 cup cold water, 1 pound granulated sugar, 2 pounds brown sugar, 1 stick cinnamon], title: Chongos, picturelink: null}, 51893: {instructions: In a pot, combine the cider vinegar, brown sugar and chiligarlic sauce and whisk together. Bring the sauce to a simmer and reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer the sauce, uncovered, until it is reduced to a syrup about 1 12 cups finished volume. Season with 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper, or to taste. Cool the sauce before using.nIn a large pot, heat the oil to 250 degrees F. Pat the chicken wings dry with paper towels and then gently lower them into the oil. Cook the wings until they float, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the wings from the oil, drain and cool. Do not discard the oil. Refrigerate the wings until serving.nTo serve, reheat the oil to 350 degrees F. Fry the preblanched wings until crispy and browned, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the wings from the oil and allow them to drain. Transfer the wings to a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Pour the sauce over the wings and toss to coat., ingredients: [4 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup chiligarlic sauce, such as sambal, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 gallon canola oil, 24 chicken wings], title: SweetandSour Wings, picturelink: null}, 51894: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the shrimp with the olive oil, garlic and oregano, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper. Let marinate 1 hour. Place the canola oil in a small saucepan and heat to 350 degrees, add the garlic slices and fry until lightly golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Preheat grill. Remove shrimp from marinade and grill for 2 to 3 minutes on each side until cooked through. Place on a platter and top with garlic chips., ingredients: [16 large shrimp, shelled, deveined, 12 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons fresh flat leaf parsley, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 2 cups canola oil, 6 cloves garlic, finely sliced], title: Grilled Shrimp with Oregano and Garlic Chips, picturelink: null}, 51895: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to package directions until al dente. Heat the tomato sauce with the cheese in a pot until the cheese has melted. Toss the pasta and tomato sauce together with the basil. Mix the bread crumbs with the melted butter.nTwirl small forkfuls of the pasta onto metal forks. Place them on a baking sheet and sprinkle some of the buttered bread crumbs onto each one. Put the pan under the broiler and broil for about 3 to 5 minutes, or until the bread crumbs are lightly browned. Make sure the handles of the forks are not directly under the heat source. Let cool for a minute and serve., ingredients: [1 pound angel hair pasta, 1 26ounce jar vodka pasta sauce, 1 cup grated pepper jack cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons melted butter], title: Spaghetti with a Twist, picturelink: BuHRzREAm9lraxLYXZ4zwE1WWymju.}, 51896: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a stand mixer, combine the butter, sugar and 13 of the vanilla beans seeds. Divide the mixture in half and remove one half from the mixing bowl. To the remaining half, add the cocoa powder, scant 3 cups of the cake flour and another 13 of the vanilla beans seeds while mixer is on. Mix and remove from the bowl. Place the other half back in the mixing bowl and add the remaining 3 cups cake flour, the remaining 13 vanilla beans seeds and the cinnamon. Place both doughs in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nRemove the 2 doughs from the refrigerator. It may be necessary to beat the dough with a rolling pin to soften the butter and make the dough more pliable. Roll the chocolate dough into a rope about 34inch in diameter. Roll the white dough about 2 inches in diameter and the same length as the chocolate rope. Trim one side of the dough to create a straight edge. Using a pastry brush, spread a little water on top of the white dough. The moisture will help the dough stick together. Place the chocolate rope on top and roll the white dough around it. Trim a straight edge where the doughs meet. Close the seam with a little more water. If the dough is too soft, place in the refrigerator or freezer until firm.nBarely wet the surface of the rolled dough and roll it in granulated sugar. Using a sharp chefs knife, make 12inch slices. Place the slices on a parchmentlined sheet pan and bake at 375 degrees F for 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound plus 3 12 tablespoons butter, 2 12 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 14 cup cocoa powder, 6 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Chocolate Diamonds, picturelink: null}, 51897: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small saucepan, heat the milk, 12 cup water, sugar and honey to 105 to 110 degrees F. Add to the bowl of a stand mixer. Sprinkle the yeast over the water mixture and wait for at least 10 to 15 minutes until the yeast blooms.nIn a separate saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and garlic and cook until the butter is melted and the garlic is fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.nCombine the allpurpose flour and bread flour in a mixing bowl.nAdd the flour mixture to the bowl with the blooming yeast, and then add in the melted butter and garlic mixture. Mix on medium speed until the dough has come together and is smooth and elastic in texture and pulling away from the sides of the bowl, 5 to 7 minutes.nLine 2 baking sheets with silicone mats.Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured cutting board and form into a ball. Cut into 4 equal pieces, and then cut those in half to form 8 equal pieces. Using your hands, roll each piece into a ball and place onto a prepared baking sheet. Cover with a dish cloth and let them rest in a warm place for 12 to 15 minutes.nOnce rested, lightly dust your work surface again and roll the balls into 7inch logs. Place onto the other prepared baking sheet, cover, place back in the warm spot and let rest for an additional 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place one oven rack high and one low. Line 2 more baking sheets with silicone mats or parchment paper.nIn a large pot, bring 8 cups water to a boil, and then add the baking soda. In batches, place the dough in the water and cook for 30 seconds on each side.nUsing a slotted spatula, remove the logs and place onto the prepared baking sheets. Sprinkle the logs with pretzel salt as they come out of the water, to ensure the salt sticks. Then cut 3 diagonal slits on top of the bread, not too deep.nBake for 10 to 13 minutes, rotating between the top and bottom racks of the oven halfway through the cooking., ingredients: [12 ounces pasteurized cheese food, such as Velveeta, chopped, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon diced pickled cherry peppers in jar, 1 tablespoon diced pickled jalapenos, 1 tablespoon pickled jalapeno juice, 8 natural casing allbeef franks, 8 Pretzel Hot Dog Buns, recipe follows, 14 cup pickled jalapenos, chopped for garnish, optional, For the cheese sauce: Add the cheese cubes, milk, pickled cherry and jalapeno peppers and jalapeno juice to a small saucepot and cook over low heat until melted and combined, 10 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally., For the franks: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the franks on the grill pan, making sure to turn and char on all sides. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes., For the sandwich build: Split the Pretzel Hot Dog Buns in half, nestle the grilled franks in their pretzel blankets, pour over some spicy cheese sauce and top with some pickled jalapenos if you like. Enjoy, 1 cup milk, 14 cup light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 packet active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 small cloves garlic, grated, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup bread flour, 12 cup baking soda, Pretzel salt or coarse ground sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Pretzel Buns with Grilled Dogs and Spicy Cheese Sauce, picturelink: qkIDoDcqTupAltJsyZHaS1ojPAJPFVm}, 51898: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShake the olive brine extra cold with large ice in a cocktail shaker. In a chilled Nick and Nora glass, drop in a dash of vermouth and coat the inside of the glass to season it. Strain the olive brine into the glass. Fill with frozen gin of choice. Add 1 olive on a crystal pick and serve., ingredients: [1 olive plus 12 ounce olive brine, 1 dash dry vermouth, 3 ounces gin, such as Plymouth, frozen], title: Classic Martini, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 51899: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with the ice. Add the pineapple juice and rum and shake. Strain into a 20ounce beer mug or Pilsner glass. Top off with the beer and stir briefly. Garnish with the pineapple spear and slice., ingredients: [2 cups ice, 1 12 ounces pineapple juice, 1 12 ounces coconutflavored rum, 12 ounces lager or light beer, Pineapple spear and pineapple slice, for garnish], title: Beer Colada, picturelink: qFHaaKERjhQfM4LlNyfcaAJFMdKg3NK}}