{5100: {instructions: Remove the outer dry husks of the tomatillos to reveal the bright green skin. Rinse in slightly warm water to remove the sticky film covering them. Chop into bitesize chunks.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When the oil begins to swirl, add the chopped tomatillos in a single layer. Cook until the bottom edges become golden, flip, then repeat process a few times until most of the tomatillos reveal a golden brown side, about 3 minutes between tosses. Remove with a slotted spatula to a plate or bowl and season with salt and pepper. Toss in or drizzle over Sunnys Cilantro Vinaigrette.nBlend all the ingredients in a mini food processor or blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound tomatillos, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sunnys Cilantro Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons honey Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Tomatillos with Sunnys Cilantro Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 5101: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh.nRub the corn and jalapeno with the oil and grill, turning occasionally, until tender and charred in spots, about 6 minutes for the jalapeno and 12 minutes for the corn. Cut the kernels from the corn cobs and place them in a large bowl. Add the avocado and romaine to the bowl.nStem and seed the grilled jalapeno. Combine the jalapeno, mayonnaise, buttermilk, parsley, chives, lemon juice, dill, anchovy, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt in a blender and blend until smooth.nAdd just enough of the dressing to coat the salad season with salt. Toss gently to combine., ingredients: [3 ears corn, 1 small jalapeno, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large avocado, peeled, pitted and chopped, 1 romaine heart, chopped, 34 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup buttermilk, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 anchovy fillet, 1 small clove garlic, roughly chopped, Kosher salt], title: Avocado and Grilled Corn Salad with Green Goddess Dressing, picturelink: n9xn6z4PPJboIDlB0oGLlcl7JMnvpwG}, 5102: {instructions: Cook rice according to package directions.nPreheat extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over medium high heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Brown and cook chicken, 5 minutes on each side. Remove chicken to a plate and cover. Reduce heat a bit. Add vinegar and water, scrape up pan drippings. Stir in tomato paste, cream, halfandhalf or sour cream and tarragon. Remove from heat.nToss nuts and parsley with cooked rice. Slice chicken on an angle and arrange on a bed of rice. Top with sauce and serve. Garnish plate with edible flowers and tarragon., ingredients: [1 package, 5 to 7 ounces, white and wild rice recommended: Uncle Bens or Near East brands cooked to package directions  either chicken or herb flavors are fine, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, Salt and pepper, 4 pieces, 8 ounces each, boneless, skinless chicken breast, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, eyeball it, 14 cup water, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, plus extra for garnish, 12 cup heavy cream, halfandhalf or 13 cup sour cream, 14 cup, 1 2ounce package chopped walnuts, available on baking aisle, toasted, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Edible flowers available in produce section with herbs for garnish], title: Chicken in Tarragon Cream Sauce, White and Wild Rice with Walnuts, picturelink: u3pYM4dxtVBq3qoO8JaZsBWbWSsPtQS}, 5103: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Combine butter, 14 cup cream and brown sugar in small heavy saucepan. Cook over low heat just until butter is melted, stirring occasionally. Pour into two 8 or 9inch round cake pans sprinkle evenly with chopped pecans. PREPARE cake as directed, using water, oil, and eggs. Carefully spoon batter over pecan mixture. BAKE 35 to 45 minutes or until cake springs back when touched lightly in center. Cool 5 minutes remove from pans. Cool 1 hour or until completely cooled. BEAT 1 34 cups cream in small bowl until soft peaks form. Add powdered sugar and vanilla beat until stiff peaks form. PLACE 1 layer on serving plate, praline side up. Spread with half of whipped cream. Top with second layer, praline side up spread top with remaining whipped cream. Garnish with whole pecans and chocolate curls. Store in refrigerator. High Altitude above 3500 ft.: SEE cake package for directions. Immediately remove from pans., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 34 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 1 19.25 oz pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Devils Food Cake, 1 14 cups water, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 3 large eggs, 1 34 cups heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 14 tsp. vanilla extract, 16 whole pecans optional, 16 chocolate curls optional], title: Chocolate Praline Layer Cake, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 5104: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a 9 by 13 by 2inch cake pan. Line it with parchment paper, then grease and flour the pan.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until light yellow, about 2 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the vanilla, eggs, and peanut butter and mix until all ingredients are combined.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and salt. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture to the peanut butter mixture. Mix just until combined.nSpread 23 of the dough into the prepared cake pan and spread over the bottom with a knife or offset spatula. Spread the jam evenly over the dough. Drop small globs of the remaining dough evenly over the jam. Dont worry if all the jam isnt covered it will spread in the oven. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts and bake for 45 minutes, until golden brown. Cool and cut into squares., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups 18 ounces creamy peanut butter recommended: Skippy, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 cups 18 ounces raspberry jam or other jam, 23 cups salted peanuts, coarsely chopped], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Bars, picturelink: .3o5NmwbYoSnxUyEXn1vghLefZODHSG}, 5105: {instructions: Special equipment: 6cup jumbo muffin tinnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the muffin tin with cupcake liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, and salt together in a medium bowl.nIn another medium bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer until light and foamy, about 2 minutes. While beating, gradually pour in the butter and then the vanilla.nWhile mixing slowly, add half the dry ingredients, then add all the milk, and follow with the rest of the dry ingredients. Take care not to over mix the batter. Divide the batter evenly in the prepared tin.nBake until a tester inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Cool cupcakes on a rack in the tin for 10 minutes, then remove. Cool on the rack completely.nFor icing: Mix the confectioners sugar and lime zest in a medium bowl. Add the lime juice and mix with an electric mixer to make a firm but pourable icing. If needed, add up to 1 teaspoon more juice, but take care if the icing is too loose it doesnt set properly. Add food color to make a pale pastel green icing.nTo assemble: Remove cupcake from its liner. Cut and remove a strawberry coned shaped portion of cupcake from the top of each cupcake, leaving about 12 to 1inch of cake in the bottom. Stuff each cake with a strawberry and cover with a little bit of cake. Spoon and spread icing over the top of the cupcakes. Sprinkle with green sanding sugar. Top with small mint leaves or candied leaves., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 23 cup sugar, 34 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 1 13 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 12 tablespoons finely grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 drop green food coloring, 6 large ripe strawberries, hulled, Green sanding sugar, Fresh mint leaves or candied leaves], title: StrawberryLime Stuffed Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 5106: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray an 8inchsquare baking dish with cooking spray and line the bottom and sides with parchment paper. Spray the parchment with cooking spray.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat add the brown sugar and stir until melted. Let cool 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Toast the pecans in a medium skillet over medium heat, 6 to 8 minutes remove to a plate. Stir the eggs, one at a time, into the cooled buttersugar mixture, then stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and stir until combined. Fold in the toffee and toasted pecans the batter will be very thick.nSpread the batter in the prepared baking dish. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes, lift out of the pan and cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Paul Sirisalee, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 14 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch of salt, 34 cup pecans, chopped, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup toffee pieces], title: Chewy Toffee Bars, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 5107: {instructions: For the chicken: Put a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the grapeseed oil. When it starts to get hot, add the garlic, ginger and onions, and cook until the onions are golden, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste, cumin, garam masala, brown sugar, chili flakes, salt and turmeric, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the chicken and stir well to coat. Stir in the yogurt and 12 cup water and cook until the chicken is done, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and then shred the meat using a fork or your fingers.nFor the parathas: Combine the flour, coriander, cumin, salt and 12 to 1 cup water in a large bowl and mix with your hands until it begins to form a ball. If it there is excess flour and it seems dry, add more water. Knead until it has a smooth consistency, like pizza dough. The dough should be soft and smooth. Divide the dough into 12 equal pieces and roll each into a smooth ball. Pat a ball into a disc and then place on a floured surface and roll it out into a very thin circle, about 6 inches in diameter, like a tortilla.nPlace 12 cup butter chicken filling onto the disc, and then roll out a second ball and place it over the butter chicken. Lightly go over the paratha with the rolling pin to seal it, taking care not to push the filling out of the edges. Continue to roll and fill the remaining discs.nPlace a nonstick pan over mediumlow heat and gently place a paratha into it. Brush the top with a little of the flaxseed oil and let it cook until the dough begins to bubble and turn brown, about 1 minute. Flip the paratha, oil it lightly and continue to cook it until its golden and crispy. Brush the top with a little more of the oil. Repeat the process for the remaining parathas. Serve with Sweet Tomato Chutney.nPut the sugar, salt, cardamom and tomatoes into a saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil.nReduce the heat to low and simmer gently until it has reduced and thickened significantly, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool slightly and stir in the cilantro and onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 2 large chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, cut into 1inch chunks, 14 cup lowfat yogurt, 2 cups whole wheat flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, A pinch of salt, Flaxseed oil, for brushing, Sweet Tomato Chutney, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoons salt, 4 to 6 cardamom pods, cracked, 2 large tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon minced red onion], title: Butter Chicken Parathas with Sweet Tomato Chutney, picturelink: null}, 5108: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 to 16 icepop sticksnSlice 2 thick pieces discs of watermelon from the middle of the fruit and remove the rind from both pieces. Cut each into 6 to 8 slices wedges, depending on the size of the watermelon.nPour the tequila into a large bowl and soak the watermelon slices in the alcohol for 15 minutes, making sure each slice is completely submerged. One by one, slide an icepop stick at least halfway into each slice.nSpread the slices on a parchmentlined baking sheet so they arent touching. Freeze until completely frozen, 3 to 4 hours., ingredients: [1 large seedless watermelon, 4 cups tequila], title: Watermelon Ice Pops, picturelink: iADJqvyaTpgd.uExJf4hNq0MgZbZYm}, 5109: {instructions: Slice the carrots and put them in a saucepan covered with water. Boil until very soft, then run through a food mill to puree. Stir the sugar into the puree in a saucepan. Add the lemon zest and lemon juice, bring to a boil, and cook until glassy and jammy. Remove the pan from the heat and stir through the chopped almonds and the Cognac. Cool., ingredients: [1 pound500 g carrots, peeled, Water, as needed, 2 cups400 g sugar, Zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 2 lemons, 10 whole almonds, chopped, 2 tablespoons Cognac], title: Carrot Confiture, picturelink: null}, 5110: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrush 1 tablespoon of melted butter over the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8 by 2inch baking dish. Mix the nuts, brown sugar, sugar, cinnamon, and cloves in a small bowl. Roll out the thawed dough on a lightly floured surface to a 12 by 9inch rectangle. Brush 1 tablespoon of butter over the dough. Sprinkle the nut mixture over the dough, leaving a 12inch border along the top and bottom sides. Starting at 1 long side, roll up the dough jellyroll style, forming a log. Pinch the seam to seal. Cut the log into 9 equal pieces. Arrange the rolls, cut side down, in the prepared baking dish, spacing evenly. Cover the dish with plastic wrap. Let the rolls rise in a warm draftfree area until puffed, about 45 minutes.nPosition the rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.nBake the cinnamon rolls uncovered until the tops are golden brown, about 25 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk the powdered sugar, mascarpone cheese, and buttermilk in a medium bowl until smooth and creamy.nBrush the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter over the baked cinnamon rolls and then drizzle the cheese mixture over top. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, melted, 13 cup hazelnuts, toasted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 1pound loaf purchased frozen white bread dough, thawed recommended: Bridgeford, 34 cup powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 1 tablespoon buttermilk], title: Hazelnut Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 5111: {instructions: , ingredients: [1 cup acerola], title: Title, picturelink: null}, 5112: {instructions: Prepare grill or heat cast iron grill pan over moderately high heat until it is hot. Brush each swordfish steak with 1 12 tablespoons olive oil and grill them, patted dry, for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, or until they are just cooked through. While the fish is cooking, in a small bowl stir together the olives, the roasted red pepper, the parsely, the capers, the anchovy, the garlic paste, the scallion, the vinegar, the remaining 3 12 tablespoons oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Transfer the swordfish to plates, spoon the sauce over it, and serve it with the lemon wedges., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, Two 1inchthick swordfish steaks, 14 cup finely chopped pitted Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, 14 cup finely chopped drained bottled roasted red pepper, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, preferably flatleafed, 1 tablespoon drained bottled capers, chopped fine, 1 flat anchovy fillet, minced, 1 small garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoon minced scallion, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic or redwine vinegar, Lemon wedges as an accompaniment], title: Grilled Swordfish with Nicoise Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 5113: {instructions: In a large serving bowl, combine the tomatoes, garlic, olive oil, vinegar, red pepper flakes and basil, season with salt. Add the pasta and mozzarella and stir to combine., ingredients: [4 ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup basil chiffonade, Salt, 1 pound penne, cooked al dente, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, cubed], title: Penne with Summer Tomato Sauce with Fresh Mozzarella and Basil, picturelink: null}, 5114: {instructions: Halibut: Marinate the halibut overnight in a coconut milk, honey, white miso mixture. Remove the fish from the marinade and drain the excess marinade. Pour a little vegetable oil in a pan and sear the fillet until golden brown on each side. When ready, finish the fillet by placing it in a preheated 350 degree F oven and baking for 10 minutes.nVegetables: In a hot saute pan, coated with vegetable oil, saute the sweet potatoes until golden brown. Add the mushrooms and saute them for 2 minutes. Stir in the spinach. Combine the black vinegar and sesame seed oil in a small bowl. Add the sauce, to taste, and stir into the sweet potato mixture. Season, to taste, then set it aside until ready to serve.nMix all of the juices together. Reduce the mixture by 34 and finish with butter and chives.nPlace the vegetable mixture in the center of the plate. Place the fillet on top and pour the sauce around the vegetables., ingredients: [6 6ounce Alaskan halibut fillets, 1 cup coconut milk, 12 cup honey, 12 pound white miso, Vegetable oil, 2 large sweet potatoes, parboiled, cooled and diced in small pieces, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 2 pounds spinach, cleaned and stemmed, 3 ounces sweet black vinegar, 1 ounce sesame seed oil, 2 cups fresh carrot juice, 1 cup fresh apple juice, 12 cup fresh ginger juice, 2 ounces butter, 3 tablespoons chopped chives], title: White Miso Marinated Halibut with Shiitake, Spinach, Sweet Potatoes, and Carrot Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5115: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil over high heat. Drop in the egg noodles and stir so they dont stick. Cook until just past al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain and return to the pot.nAdd the parsley and butter, then season with salt and toss well to combine. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with Beef Bourguignon, if desired., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound dried egg noodles, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Buttered Egg Noodles, picturelink: null}, 5116: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan with paper liners.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the GlutenFree Flour Blend, quinoa flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon and salt. In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs, oil and vanilla. Add the wet ingredients to the flour mixture and whisk to combine. Add the carrots, apple, pineapple, raisins, coconut and sunflower seeds stir to coat.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups, filling each about threequarters full. Sprinkle the tops evenly with sesame seeds. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Let the muffins cool completely in the muffin pan set on a rack.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt., ingredients: [12 cup 142 grams GlutenFree Flour Blend, recipe follows, or storebought blend, such as Cooking for Isaiah by Silvana Nardone GlutenFree MultiPurpose Flour, 12 cup 55 grams quinoa flour or amaranth flour, 12 cup maple sugar or coconut sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup unflavored coconut oil, liquefied, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup grated carrots, 12 apple, peeled, cored and chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh pineapple, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 14 cup sunflower seeds, Sesame seeds, for sprinkling, 3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Seeded Morning Glory Muffins, picturelink: gMbE6IPC4JjRbzZayQmqXCEkpO2XWXC}, 5117: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPound out chicken breast to about 14inch. Combine equal amounts of spinach, ham and Swiss cheese and form a ball about the size of a grapefruit. Carefully wrap the flattened chicken breast around the ball mixture and put on sheet tray. Freeze rolundo until solid.nOnce frozen, roll in flour, shaking off excess. Beat egg in a shallow dish and dredge chicken, shaking off excess. Coat with seasoned bread crumbs and refreeze. When needed, remove from freezer and let rolundo thaw slightly. Once softened, cut into 1inch medallions, top off with butter and bake for about 15 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked., ingredients: [1 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast, 12 cup diced smoked ham, 12 cup shredded swiss cheese, 12 cup chiffonaded spinach, 12 cup flour, 1 egg, 12 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Chicken Rolundo, picturelink: null}, 5118: {instructions: For the dough: Add the water to a bowl. Then add the yeast a little at a time and break up the cube of yeast with your hands. Let the yeast fully dissolve in the warm water and let stand for 2 minutes.nAdd the flour on a smooth work surface and create a well in the center of the flour. Slowly add the yeastwater mixture, olive oil, and salt until the flour has absorbed the liquid. Knead the dough until the mixture becomes an even dough consistency. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb any excess liquid.nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions to make individualsize pizzas. Place on a lightlyfloured surface or pan and cover with a cloth. Let rest for about an hour at room temperature or until the dough has doubled in size. Yield: 4 servingsnFor the grape and pine nut pizza: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stretch out the dough and roll out on a lightlyfloured surface. Place the grapes cutside down on the dough. Add the pine nuts and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for approximately 15 minutes.nFor the apple and Gorgonzola pizza: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stretch out the dough and roll out on a lightlyfloured surface. Top the dough with apples, Gorgonzola cheese, walnuts, and drizzle with honey. Bake for approximately 15 minutes.nFor the mascarpone and chocolatehazelnut pizza: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stretch out the dough and roll out on a lightlyfloured surface. Spread the mascarpone cheese on 12 the pizza dough and on the 12 spread the chocolatehazelnut spread. Fold over. Pinch and roll the opposite ends together. Lightly brush the dough with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Bake for approximately 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups500 ml lukewarm water, 1 cube or 2 tablespoons30 ml fresh yeast, 4 cups1 L allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons30 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon5 ml salt, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, 10 grapes, halved, 14 cup50 ml pine nuts, Sugar, for sprinkling, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, 1 apple, peeled, cored and sliced, 2 ounces75 g Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, 12 cup125 ml walnuts, Honey, for drizzling, 1 recipe Pizza Dough, 3 tablespoons45 ml mascarpone cheese, or as much as you like, 3 tablespoons45 ml chocolatehazelnut spread, or as much as you like recommended: Nutella, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing dough, Salt], title: Dessert Pizza with Variations: Grape and Pine Nut, Apple and Gorgonzola, Mascarpone and ChocolateHazelnut Spread, picturelink: null}, 5119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F or preheat grill over high heat.nToss the peppers with some oil, place on a baking sheet, and roast in the oven until blackened. Turn them over, blacken on the second side, and remove to cool. Alternatively, blacken on a grill in the same manner. Gently remove the skins and seeds do not rinse with water. Place in a food processor bowl and pulse to puree. Scrape down sides and pulse a few more times.nAdd to the processor bowl 1 egg, 2 12 teaspoons olive oil, and salt pulse to combine. Add in 12 ounces of the semolina and pulse to combine. A dough ball should start to form after 6 to 7 pulses. If the mixture is too wet, add more semolina until a dough ball forms. Process for 1 minute and turn the dough out onto a lightly semolinafloured cutting board. Sprinkle with a little more semolina and knead for 2 to 3 minutes. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and allow to rest at room temperature for 30 to 45 minutes.nPrepare a work area for rolling out the pasta: a large cutting board, allpurpose bench flour, large sheets of plastic wrap, dough blade or knife, small amount of water, and a pastry brush.nCut a 12inch thick piece of the dough from the ball and shape into an oval, making sure that the dough isnt wider than the width of the pasta roller. Process through the pasta machine by folding the dough into thirds, feed through the rollers on level 1, and repeat until the dough is smooth, elastic, and in an even shape. Add more flour or a sprinkle of water, if necessary, to adjust the consistency of the dough. Continue rolling out through level 9, without folding, and cutting the sheets into 12 to 14inch long pieces as needed. Wrap carefully and individually in plastic wrap its okay to layer. Repeat until the dough is used up.nCombine the cheeses with the pepper and whisk in 2 eggs. On a clean, lightly semolinafloured surface lay out a sheet of pasta. With a round tablespoon measure, lightly press some cheese mixture into the measuring spoon and thonk with your finger gently onto the sheet, spacing them 1 12 inches apart. Lightly brush beaten eggs around the cheese. If the dough is wide enough you can fold it over the cheese, or if its thinner in width, center the cheese spacing and add a top sheet. Start at the center and gently compress around the cheese to push out any air. Cut between the raviolis with a bench scraper, knife, or pizza cutter. Dust raviolis lightly with semolina flour and set on a cookie rack repeat until all the raviolis have been made. Reserve the extra cheese for garnish.nBring a large pot of water to boil over high heat and add 1 tablespoon kosher salt. When ready, add the raviolis gently into boiling water, pressing into the water as needed, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the water, drain, and add to the Chardonnay Cream Sauce. Place into a serving dish and drizzle some of the Basil Oil. Sprinkle with a bit of the remaining cheese, the minced parsley, and serve immediately.nIn a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter and when foamy, add the shallots and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Add the chardonnay and the salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Allow to simmer for 10 minutes. Add the cream and combine well. Simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes the mixture will thicken slightly. Hold warm until service. Adjust seasonings as needed.nPrepare an ice bath of ice and water. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat, add the basil leaves, and cook for 10 seconds. Remove immediately to the ice bath. When cool, transfer to a salad spinner or strainer and remove water.nAdd the leaves and oil into a blender and pulse to puree. Scrape down the sides and pulse a few more times. Strain the mixture through 4 layers of rinsed cheesecloth into a sterile canning jar 16ounce size is good. This process will take about an hour.nRefrigerate unused portion for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 large red bell peppers, 2 12 teaspoons olive oil, plus more for roasting, 3 eggs, divided, plus 1 beaten for egg wash, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for cooking pasta, 12 to 16 ounces fine semolina flour, plus more for bench flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, for bench flour, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup grated Asiago, 12 cup grated pecorino, 1 cup ricotta, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, Chardonnay Cream Sauce, recipe follows, Basil Oil, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon minced Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 34 cup minced shallots, 1 34 cups dry chardonnay, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, 5 cups packed basil leaves, stems trimmed, Ice, 2 cups olive oil not extravirgin, Cheesecloth], title: Three Cheese Red Bell Pepper Ravioli, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 5120: {instructions: Heat 12 tablespoon sesame oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the grated ginger cook until slightly softened, 1 minute. Add the quinoa cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted, 2 minutes. Add 1 14 cups water and 14 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low. Cover and cook until the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 12 minutes.nAdd the bok choy, minced jalapeno and half of the scallions to the quinoa. Cook, covered, until the bok choy wilts, about 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring 34 cup water, the sliced ginger and sliced jalapeno to a boil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the salmon. Cover and cook until just cooked through, 5 minutes. Transfer to a plate using a slotted spatula. Stir the soy sauce, lemon juice, remaining scallions and 1 tablespoon sesame oil into the poaching liquid.nFluff the quinoa season with salt. Serve with the salmon drizzle with the soy sauce mixture and top with the cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon grated peeled ginger, plus 1 inch thinly sliced, 1 cup quinoa, rinsed, Kosher salt, 3 heads baby bok choy about 12 ounces, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 red jalapeno pepper, seeded 12 minced, 12 thinly sliced, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 4 6ounce skinless centercut salmon fillets preferably wild, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup fresh cilantro, torn], title: Salmon with SesameGinger Quinoa, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 5121: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 parfait or sundae glassesnIn a small bowl, whisk the ricotta cheese and yogurt together until smooth. In each parfait glass, layer 2 tablespoons of the ricotta mixture, 1 tablespoon raspberry jam and 14 cup of granola. Repeat the layers. Spread the remaining ricotta mixture on top and garnish with toasted almonds before serving.nCooks Note: To toast the sliced almonds, arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven for 6 to 8 minutes until lightly golden. Cool completely before using., ingredients: [1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup raspberry jam, divided, 2 cups granola, divided, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted,  see Cooks Note], title: Ricotta Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 5122: {instructions: Combine the rhubarb, orange juice, sugar, and orange zest in a saucepan. Cover, bring to a boil over medium high heat, then turn to low and cook for 8 minutes or until the rhubarb is very soft. Stir in the blueberries and chill for later, or spoon into 4 dessert bowls. Arrange the orange sections in a flower shape on top of the sauce and garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 pound rhubarb, trimmed and cut into thin slices, 14 cup orange juice, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, 2 large naval oranges, peeled and cut into sections, Mint sprigs for garnish], title: Poached Rhubarb Sauce with Blueberries Over Orange Sections, picturelink: null}, 5123: {instructions: To prepare the seviche, in a mediumsized bowl combine the tuna, lime juice, lemon juice, serrano pepper, and salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Make sure the ingredients cover the tuna, and let it stand for 1 hour, occasionally folding ingredients with a rubber spatula.nTo begin the salsa, combine the watermelon, avocado, red onion, garlic, parsley, cilantro, lime, peppers, salt, pepper, oil, and tequila in a mediumsized bowl. Toss all ingredients together gently. Let it stand for 30 minutes.nTo warm the tortillas, season a hot grill or nonstick pan with a touch of oil, salt, and freshly ground black pepper to season the grill, take a thick cloth pour tablespoon of vegetable oil on cloth and rub cloth on grill, then sprinkle grills with salt and pepper. Put the tortillas on the grill until they are warmed through on both sides.nTo plate, spoon 2 tablespoons of the tuna on the tortilla, followed by 1 tablespoon of salsa, cheddar cheese, sour cream, and lettuce and caramelized onions., ingredients: [8 ounces sushi grade tuna steak, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup lime juice, 12 teaspoon serrano pepper, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup 12inch cubed seedless watermelon, 12 cup cubed ripe avocado, 12 cup chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup chopped parsley leaves, 13 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 13 cup lime juice, 1 teaspoon finely chopped serrano pepper, 1 teaspoon finely minced jalapeno pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 ounces premium tequila, 1 package flour tortillas, 13 cup grated white cheddar, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce, 13 cup caramelized red onions pinch salt, pepper and 1 tablespoon butter], title: Tuna Taco Seviche Style with AvocadoWatermelon Salsa, picturelink: null}, 5124: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons canola oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground pork and chicken liver and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes. Add the onion, bell pepper, celery and garlic, and continue to saute for 5 minutes.nBring 2 cups water and a pinch of salt to a boil in a small saucepan. Add rice, cover, and bring back to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, combine the cranberries, bourbon and sugar in pan. Bring to a boil and cook, uncovered, over medium heat until the berries are soft and the sugar is dissolved, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool bit, then pour into a blender and puree until smooth.nHeat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the quail with salt, pepper, cayenne, chili powder and smoked paprika. Swirl some canola oil in the skillet and then add the quail. Cook on one side for about 5 minutes flip and cook for another 5 minutesthe quail wont be fully cooked yet, but thats okay. Set aside.nMix the cooked rice into the ground pork mixture and season with salt, pepper and cayenneu00bfnow you have boudin.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nStuff each quail with boudin and place back in the castiron skillet. Roast until cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes.nServe the stuffed quail atop cranberrybourbon sauce., ingredients: [Canola oil, 1 pound ground pork, 2 ounces chicken liver, chopped, 1 onion, diced, 12 bell pepper, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup rice, 1 pint cranberries, 1 cup bourbon whiskey, 3 tablespoons sugar, 8 whole quail, Kosher salt and black pepper, Cayenne, Chili powder, Smoked paprika], title: BoudinStuffed Quail with CranberryBourbon Sauce, picturelink: T1Z9zTq4PiDnTaVMkBd2WgKzA5m4HPG}, 5125: {instructions: Coat each cupcake with chocolate frosting and partially insert a peanut butter filled cookie into the top. Frost the remaining cookie with vanilla frosting. Draw a spooky expression on each ghost with the decorators icing.nFirst, make the spiders by combining the chocolate chips and milk in a glass bowl. Microwave on high for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring frequently, until smooth. Stir in the nuts and chow mien noodles. Drop by teaspoons onto waxed paper. Stick on extra noodles for spider legs and chill. Frost the cupcakes white, then top each with a spider.nYield: 24 cupcakes, ingredients: [24 cupcakes, Chocolate frosting, 24 peanut butter filled cookies, Vanilla frosting, Tube of chocolate decorators icing, 2 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 14 cup milk, 12 cup chopped peanuts, 34 cup dry chow mien noodles, 24 cupcakes, White frosting], title: Ghost and Spider Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 5126: {instructions: In a pot, heat the extravirgin olive oil and butter. Throw in a sprig of nepitella. Add the fresh porcini to the pot, and let cook for a minute so that the mushrooms absorb all the flavors.nAdd a ladle of vegetable broth and allow the porcini to cook for another minute, or until the broth has been absorbed. Season with salt and black pepper, and pour in the remaining broth. Bring the soup to a boil, and then lower the heat. Let the soup simmer for 30 minutes.nBefore plating, add the Parmigiano cheese and 2 eggs. Stir very well for a minute and serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Sprig of nepitella, 4 large fresh porcini mushrooms, cleaned and roughly chopped, 5 cups vegetable broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, 2 eggs], title: Zuppa di Porcini: Porcini Soup, picturelink: null}, 5127: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPat the chickens dry with paper towels. Season the cavities with salt and pepper. In a large bowl combine the onion, lemon, garlic, 1 bunch thyme, bay leaves, and 3 tablespoons olive oil season it with salt and pepper and mix it well. Stuff each bird with half the mixture. Using 2 3foot pieces of kitchen twine, tie up each chicken: Tuck the wing tips between the wings and the body. Put the mid point of the twine under the chicken, bring the ends up and around the wings, and pull them tight against the body. Bring the ends of the twine up underneath the legs, wrap the string around them, pull the legs together, and tie them tightly. Place the chickens breast side up in a roasting pan, drizzle over some olive oil, and season them with salt and pepper. Toss the mushrooms around the chicken, scatter over the remaining thyme, drizzle over some more olive oil and season everything with salt and pepper. Roast the chickens for 1 to 1 12 hours baste them with the pan juices every 20 minutes. The chicken is done when a thermometer reads 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh the legs should wiggle easily in their sockets. Remove the chickens from the pan, cover them with foil, and let them stand for 10 minutes to rest. Serve 1 chicken with the roasted mushrooms and pan juices. Refrigerate the other chicken for another meal., ingredients: [2 2 to 2 12 pound organic freerange chickens, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 red onion, quartered, 1 lemon, halved, 1 head garlic, halved, 2 bunches fresh thyme, 4 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 pounds mixed mushrooms such as button, cremini, shiitake, or oyster], title: Roast Chicken Times Two, picturelink: null}, 5128: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F.nSet the lamb leg in a large roasting pan, and season it well with sea salt and black pepper. Sprinkle the meat with the oregano and pour the lemon juice and wine over top. Drizzle the lamb with the olive oil and roast until the exterior is browned, about 20 minutes.nAdd the water to the bottom of the pan and cover the lamb loosely with foil. Reduce the oven temperature to 315 degrees F, and roast the lamb for another 1 12 hours.nAt this point, arrange the potato chunks and lemon quarters around the lamb and return the pan to the oven for another 2 hours, turning the potatoes at least once and basting the lamb with the pan juices. The lamb should be very tender. Remove the meat from the pan and set it aside to rest before slicing.nIncrease the ovens heat to 425 degrees F.nAdd the olives to the potatoes and return the pan to the oven until the potatoes are golden, about 20 minutes. Serve the vegetables with the lamb and with some pan juices spooned over the top., ingredients: [1 4 12 pound leg of lamb on the bone, trimmed, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 small handful fresh oregano leaves, 2 lemons, 1 juiced and 1 quartered, 3 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup water, 4 large roasting potatoes, preferably Desiree, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 cup large green olives], title: SlowCooked Greek Lamb, picturelink: null}, 5129: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine all the dry ingredients and cubed butter. Using the paddle attachment, blend the ingredients at low speed until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add the chilled heavy cream to the butter and flour mixture and mix until the dough just comes together. Allow the dough to rest for 5 minutes. Finish mixing the dough by hand until it forms a solid mass. Roll the dough until it is about 1inch thick. Cut the dough into the desired shortcake shape. Place the shortcakes on a parchment lined baking sheet. Chill. Remove the shortcakes from the refrigerator. Brush tops with heavy cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden. Garnish with figs., ingredients: [3 14 cups flour, 12 cups sugar, 2 12 tablespoons baking powder, 6 ounces very cold butter, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 1 14 cups cold heavy cream, Sugar in the raw, 12 fresh figs, chopped], title: Fig Shortcakes, picturelink: null}, 5130: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F.nBEAT together sugar, brown sugar, shortening and peanut butter until blended. Add eggs, milk and vanilla. Beat well. Stir together flour, baking soda and salt. Add to peanut butter mixture. Beat well. Shape into 1inch balls. Roll in sugar. Place on ungreased cookie sheet.nBAKE 7 minutes. Remove from oven. Using the back of a teaspoon, make a rounded indentation in top of each cookie. Fill each with about 12 teaspoon jelly. Bake an additional 2 minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, plus extra for rolling dough, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 1 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 2 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 3 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 2 tsps. baking soda, 1 tsp. salt, 34 cup Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Jelly, or any Smuckersu00ae Jam, Jelly or preserves of your choice], title: JIFandreg Peanut Butter and Jelly Cookies, picturelink: hQS3H1.WiUWPdSj8vUgKFX0maLp0fFm}, 5131: {instructions: Whisk together yolks with cream, add remaining ingredients. Set aside. Saute apple slices in 3 tablespoons butter until just tender, about 3 to 4 minutes, sprinkle with sugar and grated lemon zest. Cut Brioche into 2inch slices. Cut each slice sideways 23 of the way through to create a pocket. Spread mascarpone mixture on top and bottom of pocket. Put 16 of the apples in pocket and press to close. Submerge each slice stuffed brioche in the custard. Saute in butter in a medium skillet over medium high heat until browned on both sides. Place in 400 degree oven for 3 minutes. Serve with powdered sugar and maple syrup., ingredients: [BRIOCHE, 1 loaf brioche, 1 12 pound apples, peeled, cored and sliced into 1212inch slices, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 cups mascarpone, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar for dusting, Maple syrup, CUSTARD, 5 egg yolks, 3 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoon Calvados, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 teaspoon ground clove], title: Brioche French Toast with Apples and Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 5132: {instructions: Special equipment: a julienne peeler or spiral slicernFor the bolognese: In a stockpot, combine the ground turkey, tomato sauce, tomato paste, chili powder, salt, Italian seasoning, pepper, garlic, bay leaf, carrot, onion and 12 cup water. Do not brown the turkey everything goes in at once. Cover, bring to a simmer and simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until just slightly thickened, about 1 hour. Remove the bay leaf and stir in the parsley.nFor the voodles: Cut the zucchini into noodles using a julienne peeler or a spiral slicer.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat spray with cooking spray or drizzle with a little olive oil. Add the voodles and saute about 1 minute. Season with a little salt and pepper. Using a ladle, add the sauce and toss to coat.nAdd a few tablespoons of grated Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground turkey I like ground skinless dark meat, One 16ounce can tomato sauce, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 bay leaf, 1 large carrot, finely chopped, 12 yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, About 8 zucchini I use 1 to 2 zucchini per person, depending on their size, Nonstick cooking spray or a drizzle of olive oil, for the skillet, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Turkey Bolognese with Voodles, picturelink: zJ5OD8LBf1oUAD7PN3sqtwL1U630WGq}, 5133: {instructions: Dip cupcake into the icing let excess to drip back into bowl. Place cupcake on a rack over paper towels to catch any drips. Cut a length of the licorice, about 1 12 inches long, press the ends together to form a ring. Press ring into the icing to make a nest. Fill nest with coconut grass and place eggs in the nest.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 12cup cupcake tins with paper liners. To avoid cupcakes sticking if they overflow slightly, lightly spray the tops of the pans. Put tins on a baking sheet. Set aside.nProcess sugar and butter in a food processor until very creamy, scraping sides as needed, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggs and yolks, one at a time, pulsing after each addition. Add the milk, water, and vanilla and process to blend.nWhisk both flours, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl. Add the dry ingredients, in 3 batches to the wet, pulsing, and then scraping batter off the sides of the processor as needed after each addition. Process until the batter is very smooth, about 2 minutes.nEvenly pour the batter into the prepared cups, filling them 34 of the way full. Bake until the cakes are just firm and spring back when gently pressed, and the tops are golden, 18 to 25 minutes. Cool slightly in tin, and turn out of tin when cool enough to handle. Cool cupcakes completely on a rack before frosting.nPut the sugar in an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. With the mixer on the lowest speed, slowly add the water, the corn syrup and vanilla extract. When the sugar is sufficiently moistened it wont fly out of the mixer, raise the speed to high, and beat for 2 minutes until completely smooth and glossy.nDivide and color, as desired. Store at room temperature, covered with plastic wrap directly on the surface of the icing, to prevent forming a skin.nFor cupcakes: Dip the surface of the cupcake into the icing, allowing excess to drip into bowl. Clean any excess from the sides. Alternately, use a knife or a spreader to apply. Whisk as needed to keep icing glossy and smooth while using.nFor Light Blue Icing: Combine 2 to 3 drops of blue food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing.nFor Deep Yellow Icing: Combine 4 to 5 drops of yellow food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing.nFor Purple Icing: Combine 4 drops of red and 5 drops of blue food coloring to 1 cup of Basic Glaze Icing.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place a mesh rack on top, if available.nPut coconut in a shallow bowl. While tossing with a large spoon, add food coloring drop by drop until the desired color is reached. A little more green than yellow makes a pretty grass color. Add a few tablespoons water to moisten the mixture and help disperse the color evenly. If the color is too dark, add additional water, as needed, to dilute to the desired color. Drain the coconut in a sieve or strainer.nSpread the coconut in an even layer on the rack, or directly on the lined baking sheet. Place in the oven until dry, about 10 to 15 minutes. Use immediately, or store in covered container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 Vanilla Cupcake, recipe follows, Basic Glaze Icing, tinted purple, recipe follows, 1 yellow twisted licorice, Green Coconut Grass, recipe follows, 10 jelly beans 5 peach, 5 pink, 2 23 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 23 cup milk, 23 cup water, 2 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 23 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups cake flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Three 1 pound boxes confectioners sugar, 1 cup water, 5 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Food coloring, as desired see suggested colors below, 2 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 1 to 2 teaspoons liquid green food coloring, 12 to 1 teaspoon liquid yellow food coloring], title: Jelly Bean Egg Nest, picturelink: null}, 5134: {instructions: Special equipment: Candy thermometernPlace a large piece of parchment paper on a flat surface, preferably granite or wood.nPut all the ingredients in a large pot and attach a candy thermometer to the side. You need to be sure the thermometer goes deep into the mixture. Turn the heat to medium high.nFill a bowl thats larger than the pot halfway with ice water and set it aside.nStir the mixture with a wooden spoon. When everything has melted together, start checking the temperature. When the thermometer reaches exactly 236 degrees F, remove the pot from the heat and stick it in the bowl of cold water to stop the cooking process. Stir for 45 seconds while the pot is in the ice bath to evenly cool the entire mixture.nWith a large spoon, start dropping puddles of the mixture onto the parchment. Make sure youre getting some pecans in every spoonful. If you feel like it, sprinkle just a bit of salt on top. Let them cool all the way. If youre in a humid environment, they might stay sticky, but put them in front of a fan and they should get dry.nStore them carefully in a tin, and dont stack them very highthree layers max, separated by wax paper.nFind this recipe and more in Duff Bakes: Think and Bake Like a Pro at Home 27.50, William Morrow., ingredients: [1 12 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup lightly packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus another teaspoon for sprinkling, 1 12 cups chopped roasted pecans, 12 cup skim milk, 1 stick 12 cup butter, 2 teaspoons bourbon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Pralines, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 5135: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, lightly brown the moose and pork sausage over medium heat. Add the celery, onions and garlic and continue to cook until the onions are translucent. Pour off any excess fat and stir in the tomato paste, dried basil, chili flakes, salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll out the dough to 14 inch thick and cut into 3inch squares. Place a heaping tablespoon of the meat filling in the center of each one and place a bit of the mozzarella on top. Brush the edges with the egg wash and fold over, forming a triangle. Press down on the edges with a fork and place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush the tops with the egg wash and poke a little hole in the top of each one to let the steam escape.nBake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [1 pound ground moose or buffalo works, too, 8 ounces pork sausage, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons dried basil, Pinch dried chili flakes, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, 1 box frozen puff pastry dough, lightly thawed, 1 pound shredded mozzarella cheese, 1 egg whisked with 1 tablespoon water], title: Moose Pockets, picturelink: null}, 5136: {instructions: Special equipment: madeleine moldsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the madeleine molds and dust them with flour.nAdd the flour and baking powder to a medium bowl and whisk well.nAdd the eggs and the salt in the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment and whip at high speed until they triple in volume, about 3 minutes. Pour in the sugar and then the vanilla seeds. Continue beating for a few moments, and then add the lemon zest and juice Slow down the mixer to mediumlow and gradually add the flour mixture. When all the flour has been incorporated, add the melted butter.nAs soon as the butter has been absorbed by the mixture, turn off the mixer and pour the batter into a large measuring cup. Pour the batter into the molds, filling each mold twothirds of the way full.nBake the madeleines until the edges are golden brown, 13 to 14 minutes. Remove from the oven and unmold immediately. Cool on racks and dust with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus 2 tablespoons for greasing pan, 34 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 4 large farm fresh eggs, Pinch fine salt, 23 cups sugar, Zest of 1 large lemon, Juice of 12 a lemon, 1 vanilla bean, seeded, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Madeleines, picturelink: null}, 5137: {instructions: Toss flour and chicken in bag to coat. Cook chicken in oil in nonstick skillet 6 minutes, until browned, turning once. Transfer to plate.nCook onion in skillet 7 minutes. Add garlic, cinnamon, ginger, cumin, cayenne cook 1 minute. Stir in tomato, honey and salt. Add chicken simmer, covered, 10 minutes. Stir in peppers, raisins and chickpeas simmer, stirring, 15 minutes, until peppers are tender and chicken is no longer pink near the bone.nServe over orzo. Sprinkle with almonds and parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 pounds skinless chicken thighs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 red onions, quartered lengthwise, sliced crosswise, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 16ounce can tomato puree no salt added, 14 cup honey, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 sweet green peppers, cut in 12inch squares, 13 cup golden raisins, 1 can 15 ounces chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 12 ounces orzo pasta, cooked, 13 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Moroccan Chicken Stew, picturelink: 1QPiZe8y5On8qDC1yrXwknxOquP24C}, 5138: {instructions: Combine the cinnamon, shallots, lemongrass, cilantro stems, garlic and ginger in a large bowl. Finely grate the zest of the limes into the bowl reserve the limes separately and stir in the coconut milk. Reserve 1 12 cups of the coconut mixture separately, then add the chicken wings to the bowl with the remainder and toss to coat. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or preferably overnight.nMeanwhile, make the pickle: Combine the shallots, cucumber, carrot and 1 tablespoon salt in a medium bowl. Carefully pour 3 cups boiling water over the vegetables, then stir to mix evenly and let stand for 20 minutes. Drain the vegetables in a colander, pressing gently to remove excess liquid, then transfer to a bowl. Add the vinegar, sugar, chile and 1 teaspoon salt, stirring to dissolve the sugar and salt. Refrigerate until ready to use, at least 10 minutes and up to 1 hour.nBring 4 cups water to a boil in a large pot. Add the wings with their marinade, return to a boil, then reduce the heat to maintain a steady simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until a paring knife inserted in the middle of a wing comes out with no resistance, about 15 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the wings to a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet, season liberally with salt and let airdry while you make the dipping sauce.nFor the dipping sauce: Place the reserved 1 12 cups aromatics and coconut milk in a medium sauce pan over medium heat stir in 1 cup water and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced and thickened, about 20 minutes. Transfer the sauce to a blender, along with threequarters of the cilantro leaves and the juice of the reserved limes puree until smooth. Pour the coconut dipping sauce into a bowl, season with salt and pepper and let cool completely.nHeat 2 inches of oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 425 degrees F. Working in 2 batches, fry the wings, turning occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 2 minutes per batch. Transfer the wings with a slotted spoon to a clean rack set over a baking sheet and season with more salt. Make sure the oil returns to the proper temperature between batches.nTransfer the wings to a serving platter and sprinkle with cilantro. Serve immediately with coconut dipping sauce and cucumber and carrot pickles., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 shallots, roughly chopped, 2 lemongrass stalks, thinly sliced, 1 bunch cilantro, stems roughly chopped, leaves reserved, 1 head of garlic, cloves separated, peeled and crushed, One 8inch piece ginger about 6 ounces, thinly sliced, 2 limes, Two 13.5ounce cans unsweetened coconut milk, 4 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wingtips removed and discarded, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 shallots, thinly sliced crosswise and separated into rings, 1 cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 medium carrot, thinly sliced, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 red Thai chile, stemmed and thinly sliced], title: Indonesian Coconut Curry Chicken Wings, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 5139: {instructions: Peel the tomatoes, and cut them in half. Scoop out the seeds, juice and pulp and process with the skins. Chop the tomato flesh, and put it in a bowl. Rub the pulp and skins through the sieve to extract maximum juice and flavor. Pour half the resulting liquid on to the tomatoes. Taste the mixture, and then just enough salt and pepper to season. Season the remaining tomato liquid with salt and pepper to taste. Cut the bread into wedges, dip into the seasoned tomato liquid, and line small molds as if making individual summer puddings, or a large pudding basin. Spoon in the chopped tomato, and cover with a round of bread. Cover the puddings, weight them, and refrigerate for six to eight hours or overnight. To serve, turn out on to a chilled plate, decorate with herbs, and serve with a tomato vinaigrette made with extravirgin olive oil, sherry vinegar and some saved tomato pulp. Accompany, if you wish with a salad of steamed baby artichokes, leeks, asparagus, broccoli spears, and other summer vegetables, or simply with a sprig of mint and some miniature tomatoes., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet ripe tomatoes, 12 to 15 slices firm white bread with the crusts removed, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Extra virgin olive oil, Sherry Vinaigrette, Herbs], title: Tomato Pudding, picturelink: null}, 5140: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl.nPlace vinegar and sugar in a medium nonreactive saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat until the sugar is completely melted and the mixture is reduced by 12 and is thick. Carefully transfer the mixture to a blender and add the habanero and mint and blend until smooth. Season with salt. Let the glaze cool to room temperature.nPreheat grill to medium or heat grill pan over medium heat. Rub 1 side of each chicken with 2 tablespoons of the jerk rub and drizzle with canola oil. Grill, rubside down for 3 to 4 minutes or until a crust has formed, brush with some of the HabernoMint Glaze and turn the chicken over and continue grilling for 7 to 8 minutes or until just cooked through. Brush with more of the glaze and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ground coriander, 3 tablespoons ground ginger, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons habanero powder, 1 tablespoon dry thyme, 2 teaspoons coarse black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 2 teaspoons ground cloves, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups white wine vinegar, 3 cups sugar, 1 habanero chile, chopped, 12 cup coarsely chopped fresh mint leaves, Salt, Chicken, 2 pounds chicken thighs, legs and breasts, skin on and bone in, Canola oil], title: Grilled Jerk Rubbed Chicken with HabaneroMint Glaze, picturelink: nCjz7p9KKU7KUCYGyP7dm7exbkh3yi}, 5141: {instructions: In a large pot add the beans, garlic, rosemary, sage leaves, salt, and 4 tablespoons olive oil. Fill up the pot with enough water to cover the beans. Cover the pot with a lid and cook for approximately 2 hours. Drain. Let cool and serve with a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [1 pound500 g dried cannellini beans, 2 cloves garlic, halved, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 4 fresh sage leaves, Salt, 4 tablespoons60 ml extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, Water, as much as you need], title: Tuscan Beans, picturelink: null}, 5142: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking dish.nPlace the bread cubes on a large baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly brown, 30 minutes, turning once after 15 minutes. Set aside to cool. Raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nIn a medium skillet, saute the onions in the turkey fat until translucent and softened but not browned, about 5 minutes. In a very large bowl, crumble the Buttermilk Cornbread, toasted bread cubes and cracker crumbs. Add the onions and eggs and toss with a fork until mixed. Add 3 cups of the broth and mix it well, adding more as needed to make a very moist but not soupy dressing. Season with salt and pepper. Bake in the prepared pan until slightly browned, about 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPour 2 tablespoons of the oil into a wellseasoned 9inch castiron skillet and place over mediumhigh heat. Put the cornmeal in a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the cornmeal and add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. With a fork, stir in enough of the buttermilk to make a batter that is thick but can be easily poured into the hot skillet. You may not need all 3 cups.nCarefully pour the batter into the skillet. The oil will come up around the edges. Use the back of a spoon to smooth this over the top of the batter. Continue to heat on the stovetop for 1 minute, and then transfer the skillet to the oven and bake the cornbread until browned on top, about 20 minutes. Immediately turn the cornbread out onto a cooling rack to keep the crust crisp., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 12 loaf white bread, cut into small cubes and toasted, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons turkey fat or butter, skimmed from pan drippings, 12 Buttermilk Cornbread, recipe follows, 14 pound saltine crackers, or about 1 sleeve crumbled, 3 hardboiled large eggs, peeled and chopped, 4 cups turkey pan juices, chicken broth or lowsodium canned broth, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons corn oil or bacon drippings, 3 cups selfrising white cornmeal, 2 12 to 3 cups buttermilk, well shaken], title: Grandma Lizzies Cornbread Dressing, picturelink: SpOqtvsVIOBwW39YDC9c2HQUO2AdFu}, 5143: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees.nCore the tomatoes and then slice them across not through the stem in 12 inchthick slices. Arrange the slices in a single layer on a sheet pan. Drizzle the tomatoes with the olive oil and sprinkle with the oregano, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and the pepper.nBake the tomatoes for 10 minutes. Remove them from the oven, spread each slice with Pesto, and sprinkle with the Parmesan cheese. Return the tomatoes to the oven and continue baking for 7 to 10 minutes, until the Parmesan is melted and begins to brown. Using a flat metal spatula, put the tomatoes on a serving platter, sprinkle with extra salt, and serve hot, warm, or at room temperature.nPlace the walnuts, pine nuts, and garlic in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process for 30 seconds. Add the basil, salt, and pepper. With the processor running, slowly pour the olive oil into the bowl through the feed tube and process until the pesto is pureed. Add the Parmesan and puree for a minute. Use immediately or store the pesto in the refrigerator or freezer with a thin film of olive oil on top., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pounds large red tomatoes, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Pesto, storebought or homemade, recipe follows, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 14 cup walnuts, 14 cup pine nuts, 3 tablespoons diced garlic 9 cloves, 5 cups fresh basil leaves, packed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups good olive oil, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Tomatoes Roasted with Pesto, picturelink: hjXBLAMAfG0SB8Cu0EUGzRm4GYNODym}, 5144: {instructions: If desired, in a small bowl, soak the dried shrimp in hot water for 20 minutes, then drain and set aside.nFor the spicy ketchup sauce, if using: In a small bowl, combine the ketchup and chili sauce and set aside.nFor the fried rice: Heat a wok over high heat and add 1 tablespoon peanut oil. Add the eggs and scramble, then set aside on a plate.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon peanut oil to the wok. Add the ginger and stirfry for less than 1 minute. Then add the carrots and stirfry for 1 minute more. Add the pork, the soaked dried shrimp if using, and mushrooms and cook for 2 minutes. Then add the peas and cooked rice and toss together. Add the cooked egg back into the wok. Season the mixture with the light soy sauce, salt and pepper. At the very end add the sesame oil and spicy ketchup sauce if using. Check the seasoning and adjust to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with green onions and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small handful dried shrimp, optional, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon Sriracha chili sauce, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon peeled and grated ginger, 1 medium carrot, cut in 14inch dice, 4 ounces cooked Chinese pork char siu or ham, cut in 14inch dice, 3 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and diced, 1 cup frozen peas, 3 cups cooked jasmine rice, a day old, 1 to 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 to 2 green onions, sliced on a diagonal, for garnish], title: Yangzhou Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 5145: {instructions: For the salad:nIn a bowl toss together the mango strips, lemon juice, hot sauce, sugar, salt, and pepper. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 30 minutes.nFor the orzo:nAfter the orzo has finished cooking, transfer the pasta to a bowl while it is still warm. Add the roasted red peppers, sundried tomatoes, lemon zest, and garlic to the bowl, and toss to combine. Season the orzo with salt, and pepper, to taste and incorporate the chopped parsley, just before serving.nFor the steak:nHeat a castiron pan over high heat. Season the steaks with salt, and pepper, to taste.nAdd the flour to a plate and dredge the steaks, coating both sides in the flour and shaking off the excess. Melt the oil and butter in the pan, and add the sage. Lay the steaks in the hot pan and sear for 30 seconds on each side, and then remove the pan from the heat. Transfer the steaks to a warmed serving platter and serve with the orzo and mango salad., ingredients: [1 unripe mango, peeled and cut into strips, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, Pinch sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup orzo, prepared according to package instructions, 1 cup roasted red peppers, diced, 1 cup sundried tomatoes packed in oil, drained and diced, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 clove garlic, pureed very finely minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 4 12pound fast fry steaks beef fillet, flattened with a mallet, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 bunch fresh sage, stemmed, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fast Fry Steak with Sundried Tomato and Roasted Red Pepper Orzo and Mango Salad, picturelink: null}, 5146: {instructions: For the chocolate cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the cupcake pans with 24 liners. Bring a small pot of water to a boil.nIn a large mixing bowl of a stand mixer, whisk together the flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add the milk, butter, vanilla extract and eggs and mix for 2 minutes on medium speed. Whisk in 1 cup boiling water last. Batter will be very thin. Pour evenly into the prepared cupcake pans until about twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle of the cupcake comes out clean, 18 to 21 minutes. Cool completely on wire racks. Place the cupcakes in the freezer to speed up the cooling process.nFor the beer flavored ganache: In microwavesafe bowl, heat the cream on high until it begins to bubble, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the microwave and add the chocolate chips. Stir until the chocolate is completely melted and smooth. Add the cold butter and stir until butter is combined this will cool the ganache. Then, add the beer and stir until well incorporated. Set aside until ready to dip the cupcakes. If it hardens too much before you are able to dip the cupcakes, reheat slightly in the microwave for 15 seconds and stir well.nFor the chocolate beer frosting: Dissolve the salt in the beer and set aside. In a 5quart mixing bowl, cream the shortening until very creamy, about 1 minute. Add 2 cups powdered sugar and the cocoa powder to the bowl and mix well. Pour the salt and beer mixture into the bowl and mix until combined. Then add the remaining powdered sugar and beat until fluffy.nTo assemble: Dip the cooled chocolate cupcakes into the beer flavored ganache. Then pipe chocolate beer frosting on top of the ganache layer using a 1M Wilton tip, or any tip that will create ridges. Drizzle the cooled Beer Drizzle over the frosting.nPour the beer into small saucepan. Add the sugar and stir to combine. Heat over mediumhigh heat. Continue to stir to avoid burning. Reduce the beer and sugar until it begins to thicken slightly and resemble syrup, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool completely., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup milk, 12 cup butter, melted, 1 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons cold butter, cubed, 2 tablespoons beer, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup beer, 1 cup shortening, such as Crisco, 1 pound powdered sugar, sifted, 12 cup cocoa powder, sifted, Beer Drizzle, recipe follows, 12 cup beer, 14 cup sugar], title: Celebratory Chocolate Beer Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 5147: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine sour cream, green onions, mayonnaise, parsley, dill, and seasoned salt.nServe with bagel chips., ingredients: [1 16 ounce container sour cream, 1 cup finely chopped green onions, 34 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped dill, 3 tablespoons seasoned salt, 2 bags bagel chips], title: Bagel Chip Dip, picturelink: K.KkpVR69Zbin8ZnPJBcN7ymcoMQtNO}, 5148: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large pan on mediumhigh heat, add the oil. When the oil begins to swirl, add the beef, Worcestershire sauce, paprika, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until the meat is browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and saute for a few minutes to intensify the flavor. Add the stock and bring to a simmer. Season again and remove the mixture to a bowl with a slotted spoon, leaving the fat in the pan.nIn the same pan, add the onions and cook until almost tender. Then add the carrots, zucchini, bell peppers, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, tossing, until the vegetables are tender but still a bit crunchy, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat.nIn the bottom of a 13by9inch casserole dish in this order, layer half of the beef mixture, pressing it down to level it, and then sprinkle half of the cheese evenly over the beef. Pour the remaining half of the beef over the cheese and press down to level as well. Add the vegetables, followed by the remaining cheese press to level. Top with the tater tots in a neat row like little soldiers. Sprinkle the top with paprika and bake until the edges on the tots turn golden brown, 25 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds ground chuck 80 percent beef, 20 percent fat, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, plus more for sprinkling, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup beef stock, 1 cup chopped Vidalia onion, 2 carrots, peeled and grated, 2 zucchini, cut into thin strips, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into thin strips, 8 ounces shredded Havarti cheese, One 32ounce bag frozen tater tots, fried as instructed on the package], title: Sunnys Tater Tot Pie, picturelink: cNyfAVodxxs14FEBfnNT1pVtix5snJC}, 5149: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Cook the noodles until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 7 to 9 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nHeat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Add the onion, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the lamb, cumin, coriander, cinnamon, allspice, 1 teaspoon salt and the remaining 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, until cooked through, about 6 minutes. Add the tomato sauce and mint. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes.nFor the sauce: Simmer the milk and cream over medium heat in a medium heavybottomed saucepan. Reduce the heat to low. Add the cheese and whisk until the cheese is melted and the sauce is smooth. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the yogurt.nAdd the meat sauce to the pasta and toss well until the noodles are coated. Transfer the mixture to the baking dish. Spoon the cheese sauce evenly on top and bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with chopped mint if using, and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the baking dish, Kosher salt, 12 ounces egg noodles, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, chopped or smashed, 1 pound ground lamb, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, One 26ounce jar tomatobasil sauce 3 14 cups, 1 12 packed cups fresh mint leaves, chopped, 1 cup milk, at room temperature, 12 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 3 cups grated Parmesan about 6 ounces, 1 cup plain Greek yogurt, at room temperature, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, optional], title: Greek Noodle Casserole Pastitsio, picturelink: FzsqyqMqQj92crFLmYRbkN1rmDGXMy}, 5150: {instructions: Slice each jalapeno open lengthwise, then make a small crosswise cut at the stem end to form a T. Gently open the jalapenos and scrape out the seeds and membranes with a knife. Put the jalapenos, milk and 2 cups water in a large bowl and soak 15 minutes, stirring once or twice.nMeanwhile, mix the cheddar, cream cheese, pulled pork and chili powder in a bowl with your hands until combined. Drain the jalapenos and pat them dry. Stuff 1 to 2 tablespoons cheese filling into each pepper.nPut the flour in a shallow dish. Whisk the eggs and 12 teaspoon salt in another dish. Put the breadcrumbs in a third dish. One at a time, hold the peppers by the stems and dredge in flour, then dip in the beaten eggs, letting the excess drip off, and roll in the breadcrumbs dip in the eggs again and reroll in breadcrumbs. Transfer to a plate and refrigerate until the coating sets, about 20 minutes.nHeat about 1 inch of vegetable oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 300 degrees F. Fry the jalapenos in batches, turning, until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and serve with barbecue sauce.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [12 jalapeno peppers about 3 inches each, 2 cups milk, 1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, softened, 14 cup prepared pulled pork, 112 teaspoons chili powder, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt, 2 cups breadcrumbs, Vegetable oil, for frying, Barbecue sauce, for dipping], title: PorkBellied Poppers, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 5151: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut off the ends of the Brussels sprouts and pull off any yellow outer leaves. Mix them in a bowl with the olive oil, salt, and pepper. Transfer them to a sheet pan and roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until crisp outside and tender inside. Shake the pan from time to time to brown the Brussels sprouts evenly. Sprinkle with more kosher salt I like these salty like French fries and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: lwQj9Mhm3vtTE2HsXE0A6TAgQPG4zne}, 5152: {instructions: 1. HEAT Coffeemate, chunks and water in medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, until hot and chocolate is melted.n2. Stir in vanilla extract., ingredients: [1 cup Peppermint Mocha Flavor NESTLu00c9 COFFEEMATE Liquid Coffee Creamer, 34 cup NESTLu00c9 CHOCOLATIERu2122 53 Cacao Dark Chocolate Chunks, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Hot Peppermint Mocha, picturelink: 6o2pDB881xz2Upoe4i5N.j6xK5Sv6K}, 5153: {instructions: Put the raspberry concentrate in a glass. Top off with seltzer. Add ice and serve., ingredients: [14 cup frozen raspberry concentrate, thawed, 34 cup plain seltzer, chilled, Ice cubes], title: Raspberry Soda, picturelink: null}, 5154: {instructions: For the topping, heat the olive oil in a very large saute pan and cook the onions, thyme, salt, pepper, and garlic over low heat for 45 minutes, until the onions are sweet and cooked but not browned. Toss the onions from time to time. After 30 minutes, take out the garlic, chop it roughly, and add it back to the onions.nMeanwhile, for the dough, combine the water, yeast, honey, and olive oil in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook. If the bowl is cold, start with warmer water so its at least 100 degrees F when you add the yeast. Add 3 cups of the flour, then the salt, and mix on mediumlow speed. While mixing, add 1 more cup of flour, or just enough to make a soft dough. Mix the dough on mediumlow speed for about 10 minutes, until smooth, sprinkling it with flour to keep it from sticking to the bowl. When the dough is ready, turn it out onto a floured board and knead it by hand a dozen times. It should be smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a welloiled bowl and turn it to cover lightly with oil. Cover the bowl with a damp kitchen towel. Allow to rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nDivide the dough into 2 equal parts, rolling each 1 into a smooth ball. If youre only making 1 pissaladiere, place 1 ball on a baking sheet and cover it loosely with a damp towel. Allow the dough to rest for 10 minutes. If youre not using the other dough, wrap it well and refrigerate or freeze it for the next time. Roll the dough lightly with a rolling pin, then stretch it to a 10 by 15inch rectangle and place it on a baking sheet sprinkled with cornmeal.nSpoon the onion topping onto the dough, leaving a 34inch border all around. Artfully arrange the anchovies and olives on top, brush the edge of the dough with olive oil, and bake for 15 minutes, or until the crust is crisp. Serve hot on a cutting board., ingredients: [14 cup good olive oil, plus extra for brushing, 2 pounds yellow onions, halved and sliced 14inch thick, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 whole cloves garlic, 1 14 cups warm 100 to 110 degrees F water, 2 envelopes dry yeast, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Cornmeal, for baking, 12 to 18 anchovy fillets, 12 French black olives, preferably oilcured, pitted], title: Pissaladiere, picturelink: null}, 5155: {instructions: Spread dulce de leche on small butter crackers. Sandwich with vanilla ice cream.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Salted Caramels, picturelink: 7YxWz87uuruMS9fLALBt.OWmB7Zy9vq}, 5156: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 12inch oil in a large skillet over medium to medium high heat. To test oil, add a piece of bread to the pan. It should turn golden brown in a tencount. Adjust heat, as necessary.nPlace potatoes in a large bowl. Using a hand grater, grate the carrot and onion into the bowl. Add eggs to the bowl. Add salt and baking powder, then sprinkle in meal or flour. Combine vegetables and meal with a wooden spoon.nDrop mixture into oil in 3inch mounds, press down gently with spatula to form patties. Fry in batches of 4 to 6 patties depending on the size of your skillet, 1inch apart, until golden, about 3 minutes on each side. Put chunky applesauce and the cinnamon stick in a saucepan over medium heat and warm for 3 to 4 minutes. Drain latkes on paper towels or parchment lined tray. Serve with warm applesauce and sour cream., ingredients: [1 24ounce bag shredded potatoes for hash browns, 1 large carrot, peeled, 1 medium onion, peeled, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 tablespoons matzo meal, cracker meal or allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups chunky apple sauce, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 cup sour cream], title: Quick Potato and Carrot Latkes, picturelink: Ispv9zvupkbG47Hen7VFJALF7nkcCwi}, 5157: {instructions: Beat 1 12 sticks melted butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar and 34 cup granulated sugar until fluffy beat in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 2 eggs. Whisk 2 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt, then stir into the butter mixture. Add 2 cups white chocolate chips, 1 cup chopped macadamia nuts, 12 cup chopped almonds and 34 cup shredded coconut. Scoop into medium balls, sprinkle with coconut and chill. Bake 12 to 15 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Tropical Chewies, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 5158: {instructions: Combine Homemade Sweetened Condensed Milk, sweetened condensed milk, and evaporated milk and reserve in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter and flour a 10 by 3inch round cake pan.nPut the eggs, vanilla, salt, and sugar into a 5quart mixer bowl. Place the bottom of the bowl directly into a larger bowl of hot tap water and whisk the egg mixture until warm to the touch. Remove the bowl from the water and put it on the mixer with the whisk attachment. Beat at medium speed until the egg mixture almost starts to flow over the edge of the bowl.nMeanwhile, using a sieve, sift the flour twice, then put it back into the sieve. Remove the bowl from the mixer and sift the flour for a third time into the whipped egg mixture while folding very gently yet thoroughly. Pour the finished batter into the prepared cake pan and bake until cake bounces back when pressed in center, about 40 to 50 minutes. Remove the cake from the oven and cool completely.nWhen the cake is cool, remove it from the pan and trim off the browned top, bottom, and side surfaces of the cake. Clean the cake pan and line it with two long, crisscrossed pieces of plastic wrap. Return the cake to the pan and slowly pour the Tres Leches Milk over the cake. Fold the ends of the plastic wrap over the top of the cake to enclose it completely refrigerate overnight.nJust before serving, unwrap the cake and turn it upside down onto a 10inch plate with upturned edges to catch any excess milk. Pipe the whipped cream on top of the cake and serve ice cold accompanied by a fruit sauce or two such as passionfruit, mango, or raspberry.nPour the milks into a medium heavy saucepan and bring them to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the sugar and continue simmering until reduced to 2 cups. Strain into a container and refrigerate as long as a week., ingredients: [2 cups chilled Homemade Sweetened Condensed Milk, recipe follows, 2 14ounce cans sweetened condensed milk, 2 12ounce cans evaporated milk, 9 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 12 cups cake flour, Whipped cream, for serving, Fruit sauces, for serving, 2 cups nonfat milk, 2 cups whole milk, 3 tablespoons sugar], title: Tres Leches, picturelink: null}, 5159: {instructions: Special equipment: sipping strawnIn a pitcher, combine limeade, soda, and sports drink. Add 5 drops of food coloring, or until desired color green, and stir. Add ice and pour ghoulade to each glass. Place whipped cream in a piping bag and pipe it on top of each glass. Garnish with a fun straw or candy stick., ingredients: [2 6ounce cans limeade, frozen concentrate, thawed, 3 cups lemonlime soda, 3 12 cups green sports drink, Green food coloring, Ice, Whipped cream, for topping, Candy sticks or sipping straw, optional], title: Green Ghoulade, picturelink: null}, 5160: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine flour, 3 cups water, and yeast. Knead vigorously on a lightly floured surface dough should be sticky and wet. After 10 minutes, add salt. Kneed until dough begins to pull away from the working surface and develops a smooth, light sheen, 5 to 7 minutes more.nLightly coat the interior of a large mixing bowl with olive oil make sure the bowl is at least 3 times larger than the dough. Set dough in bowl, and let rise until it triples in volume, 2 to 2 12 hours.nHeat the oven to 500 degrees F with a baking stone or a baking cloche.nMeanwhile, divide dough in 12, and form 2 ovals or rounds. Allow to rest on generously floured parchment paper or dish towel. Let dough double in size, about 45 minutes.nInvert dough onto heated baking stone or cloche, then score deeply with a razor or a sharp knife, making three slashes, each about 2 inches long. If you have a baking cloche, cover it immediately with the bell. If using a baking stone, you need to add moisture to the oven for at least 20 minutes of the baking process place a pie pan filled with ice cubes on the floor of the oven to produce steam, and refill with more ice as necessary. Bake dough for 20 minutes.nRemove the bell or moisture source, and lower temperature to 425 degrees. Bake until crust is a rich brown, about 25 minutes more., ingredients: [2 pounds 8 cups unbleached unbromated allpurpose flour, 14ounce package instant dry yeast, 2 tablespoons salt, Olive oil, for bowl], title: Pugliese Bread, picturelink: null}, 5161: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Line an 8inch pie pan with one of the store bought pastry dough and set aside. In a large bowl, combine the sugar, salt, cinnamon, lemon zest, apples, and tomatoes cut into half moons and seeds removed. Toss well to coat the ingredients. Add the lemon juice to prevent discoloration of the apples. Mound the apple, tomato mixture into the pie dough, mounding it slightly in the center. Dot with the butter. Add the second pastry dough on top and crimp the edges to seal. Brush the top of the pastry with the milk and sprinkle the toasted fennel and ground cardamom on top. Bake the pie for 10 minutes at 450 degrees, and then turn the heat down to 350 degrees. Bake for another 35 minutes, until the crust is golden. Let cool on a rack. Serve warm with ice cream or just alone., ingredients: [2 12inch frozen pie crusts, defrosted, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 2 cups peeled, cored, halved half moon shaped, and thinly sliced tart apples, 2 cups thinly sliced, halved half moon shaped, green tomatoes, with any large seeds removed, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 cup unsalted butter, chilled and cubed, 1 tablespoon milk, to brush crust, 1 tablespoon toasted fennel, 1 tablespoon ground cardamom], title: Green Tomato and Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 5162: {instructions: Heat the EVOO in a soup pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Melt the butter into the oil. Add the mushrooms and cook until browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the shallots and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Add the sherry and bay leaf and cook for a few more minutes. Stir in the chicken stock, lentils and 3 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes.nStir in the spinach to wilt it, and add the lemon zest, nutmeg, and salt and pepper to taste.nWarm the bread on a griddle and brush with melted butter. Ladle the soup into bowls and top with a dollop of yogurt, if desired. Serve with the bread.nCooks Note: You can make the soup ahead of time and store it in the refrigerator. Reheat over medium heat, and add the spinach, lemon zest and nutmeg before serving. You can substitute pita chips for the bread., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 3 tablespoons butter, plus more for brushing, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, chopped, 4 shallots, chopped, 2 large cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup dry sherry, 1 fresh bay leaf, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups Puy green lentils, 1 bunch spinach from the farmers market, cleaned, Lemon zest, Freshly grated nutmeg, Naan or pita bread, for serving, Greek yogurt, creme fraiche or sour cream, for serving, optional], title: Lentil Stoup with Mushrooms, picturelink: W0SRULDm3mumvHOoSNSHGl7f76jRPS}, 5163: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCut an X into the round end of each chestnut, place on a rimmed baking sheet, put in the oven and add 14 cup water to the pan. Roast for 10 minutes the shells should peel back where cut. Remove from the oven, let cool for a minute or two, and then peel while the chestnuts are still warm. Chop coarsely.nDecrease the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Spread the breadcrumbs on a baking sheet and bake until dry and golden, about 15 minutes. Put in a large bowl with the chestnuts and cornbread.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter, and then add the celery, onions, and chopped liver, and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 8 minutes. Add to the bowl with the chestnuts.nStir in the chicken stock, parsley, sage, salt, pepper and eggs. Spoon into a buttered 3quart baking dish and bake, covered, for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until browned, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound fresh chestnuts, 8 cups coarse fresh breadcrumbs, from crusty bread, 4 cups diced cornbread, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for baking dish, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 1 extralarge yellow onion, chopped, 1 turkey liver, cleaned and finely chopped, 1 cup chicken or turkey stock, preferably homemade or lowsodium store bought, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Chestnut Stuffing, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 5164: {instructions: Discard the small, tough muscle from the side of each scallop and in a bowl let the scallops soak in the milk, covered and chilled, for 1 hour. While the scallops are soaking, in a large saucepan steam the spinach in the water clinging to its leaves, covered, over moderately high heat for 3 to 4 minutes, or until it is wilted. Drain the spinach in a colander, squeeze it dry in a kitchen towel, and coarsely chop it. Drain the scallops and pat them dry. In a small skillet cook the spinach in 2 tablespoons of the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until it is hot and season it with the nutmeg and salt and pepper to taste. Spread the spinach on a heated platter and keep it warm, covered.nDivide the oil and four tablespoons of the remaining butter between two heavy skillets and heat the fat over moderately high heat until it is golden. While the fat is heating, working in batches, dredge the scallops in the flour and in a large sieve shake off the excess. Divide the scallops between the skillets, in the hot fat saute them, stirring and separating them with a fork, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until they are opaque and light golden, and transfer them with a slotted spoon to the bed of spinach. Season the scallops with the lemon juice and salt and pepper and sprinkle them with the parsley.nIn a small saucepan heat the remaining five tablespoons butter over moderately high heat until it is golden brown and has a nutlike fragrance and pour the brown butter carefully over the scallops., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bay scallops preferably Nantucket, rinsed and drained, 1 cup milk, 2 pounds spinach, coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well and drained, 12 cup 1 stick plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, About 12 cup allpurpose flour for dredging the scallops, Juice of 12 lemon, 13 cup minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Scallops a la Meuniere Sauteed Scallops with Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 5165: {instructions: Special equipment: two 6cavity mini Bundt pansnFor the lemon curd: In a medium saucepan over low heat, combine the sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, egg yolks and whole eggs, and whisk to combine. Cook, stirring frequently, until the temperature reaches about 168 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 6 to 10 minutes the curd should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, a piece at a time, whisking each addition until fully combined.nTransfer the curd to a bowl and place a piece of plastic wrap directly on the curd to prevent a skin from forming. Let cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nFor the Bundt cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrind the pistachios to a powder in a small food processor or grinder.nBrush two 6cavity mini Bundt pans with butter and dust with the pistachio powder.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until completely combined. Beat in the pistachio cream and sour cream.nReduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture in two additions. Spoon about 14 cup of the batter into each Bundt mold and smooth batter on top.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 minutes. Invert the cakes onto a wire rack and let cool.nFill each cake center with 2 tablespoons of the chilled lemon curd., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 4 large egg yolks, 3 large whole eggs, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup pistachios, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, plus for buttering pans, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 large whole eggs, 3 tablespoons pistachio cream or 2 tablespoons pistachio paste, 34 cup sour cream], title: Individual Pistachio Bundt Cakes with Lemon Curd Filling, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 5166: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the beef, pork, veal, egg, onion, parsley, garlic, oregano, salt, and pepper and mix until well combined. Scoop the mixture into mini muffin tins. Bake until browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Serve on split biscuits with sauce and cheese.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine flour, 12 cup Parmesan, sugar, baking powder, salt, and pepper. Whisk until well blended. Add butter and combine with fingertips until a coarse meal forms. Mix in parsley. Gradually add milk, tossing with a fork until moist clumps form. Add extra milk if mixture is dry. Put dough on a floured work surface, folding 8 to 10 times until it becomes firm. Let rest for 10 minutes under a damp towel. Roll out on lightly floured work surface. Using a 2inchdiameter biscuit ring, cut out biscuits and put on a parchment lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with remaining 12 cup cheese and bake until biscuits are puffed and golden, about 15 minutes.nIn a medium pan over high heat, saute onion and garlic in olive oil until softened, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes and allow to simmer until slightly reduced and thickened, about 25 minutes. Stir in fresh basil just before serving., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground veal, 1 egg, 12 small onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Parmesan Parsley Biscuits, recipe follows, Spaghetti Sauce, recipe follows, Provolone cheese, thinly sliced, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley or chives, 1 cup whole milk, chilled, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Two 14ounce cans diced tomatoes, 20 fresh basil leaves, chopped], title: Meatball Sandwiches, picturelink: j0a4NvfJWvd.CJVtpZJHU61zkHJBw6}, 5167: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blendernFor the chicken breasts: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the Bloody Mary mix, Worcestershire sauce, butter and chipotle peppers in adobo sauce in a 13by9by2inch baking pan and blend until smooth with an immersion blender. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Sprinkle evenly with the fish and taco seasonings and pour the lime juice on top. Cook, uncovered, until the chicken starts to fall apart, about 1 hour.nWhen the chicken is cool enough to handle, shred it and return it to the cooking liquid so it is absorbed by the meat.nFor the jalapenocilantro crema: Add the mayonnaise, sour cream, garlic, lime juice, olive oil, onion powder, pepper, salt, cilantro and jalapenos to a 4quart food storage container and blend until smooth with an immersion blender. Cover and refrigerate until needed.nFor serving: Split the ciabatta rolls, brush the insides with some olive oil and toast on a heated skillet or griddle until crisp and light brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. On a baking sheet, place 8 ounces chicken on the bottom of each roll. Top each with some of the mozzarella. Broil until the cheese melts and bubbles, about 1 minute. Spoon some of the jalapenocilantro crema on top of the chicken and top with the other halves of the rolls., ingredients: [1 cup Bloody Mary mix, such as Zing Zang, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced and room temperature, One 3ounce can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 2 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning, such as Paul Prudhommes Blackened Redfish Magic, 1 tablespoon taco seasoning, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup mayonnaise, such as Dukes, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 jalapenos, seeded and chopped, 5 to 6 ciabatta rolls, for serving, Olive oil, for toasting, 1 pound shredded mozzarella], title: Hot Lap Sandwich, picturelink: .jtq1DqYVuoZHwN.mEdccGrrho.M0e}, 5168: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the grits, bring the water and milk to a boil in a pan, whisk in the grits, and then reduce the heat and cook for an hour. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nFor the poached eggs, bring a pan of water to a gentle simmer and add salt and vinegar. Using a spoon, swirl the water in a circle and crack the eggs into the center of the water. Simmer for about 2 minutes. Set aside.nFor the gravy, to a preheated skillet, add a slice of ham and warm it through. Then remove the ham to a plate. Into the same skillet add the coffee and pork stock and reduce.nTo a bowl or plate add a serving of grits, the ham, a poached egg and sprinkle with chives. Drizzle the redeye gravy over the grits and serve., ingredients: [3 cups water, 1 cup milk, 1 cup course, stoneground grits, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Salt, Vinegar, 4 to 6 eggs, 1 per serving, 1 slice salted and smoked Virginia ham, per serving, 6 ounces cold day old coffee, Splash pork stock, Chopped chives], title: Grits, Country Ham and RedEye Gravy, picturelink: yfDonmksvNGUaS6LgbuHWMbiNMOdgbm}, 5169: {instructions: Special equipment: cookie cutter 3inchnMelt butter in saute pan, add in corn, red bell pepper and onion. Let saute until onion is translucent and corn has released some of its sugars. Add in 12 of the basil leaves and a couple of twists of black pepper. Add in 14 cup heavy cream and reduce by half. Set aside to cool.nWhen cool, smash up a bit with a fork, stir in ricotta and cream cheese. Place wonton wrappers down three at a time works and in the center of each, place 1 12 t filling. Brush exposed wrapper with egg yolk, carefully place a second wrapper on top and carefully seal edges, making sure to get out any air bubbles. Cut with star cutter, work fingers around edges to make sure seal is tight. Set aside on floured baking sheet and continue to assemble.nWhen finished, boil water and gently add raviolis a few at a time, cooking for 2 minutes or until they float. Carefully remove and drain.nFor Sauce: In clean saute pan, melt remaining 4 tablespoons butter, when melted, add in remaining basil, saute until crisp and butter is just very lightly browning. Add in remaining cream and reduce to thickened. Salt and pepper to taste, serve over raviolis immediately.nGarnish with Parmesan., ingredients: [2 ears Fresh sweet corn, shucked and removed from the cob, 3 tablespoons Red bell pepper, minced, 3 tablespoons sweet onion, diced, 10 each Fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, Freshly cracked pepper, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 pinch nutmeg, ground, 6 ounces ricotta cheese, room temp, 6 ounces cream cheese, room temp, 1 package wonton wrappers, 2 egg yolks, beaten, 3 tablespoons Parmesan, grated], title: Corn Star Raviolis in Sweet Basil Cream Sauce, picturelink: yo17yoQqjxUNfbd9awkNYZIi5nrOpG}, 5170: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat clarified butter in a 10 12inch cast iron skillet over medium heat until very hot, but not smoking. Place 1 sprig of thyme in center of pan. Arrange the potatoes in an overlapping spiral to fill pan be careful the fat may spatter. Season with salt and pepper. Brush bottom of a medium saute pan with clarified butter. Place over potatoes to weight them down. Cook until golden brown, about 8 minutes.nCarefully pour off excess butter, if there is any, and reserve. Turn galette out onto a baking pan. Place a sprig of thyme in center of pan. Return galette to pan, browned side up. Season with salt and pepper. Cover with saute pan transfer to oven and bake until second side is brown and potatoes are cooked through 20 to 30 minutes more. Remove saute pan 5 minutes before finished baking. Carefully slide out onto cutting board. Cut into wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons clarified butter, plus more for bottom of pan, 2 large sprigs thyme, plus more for garnish, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and very thinly sliced about 116inchthick, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Galette, picturelink: null}, 5171: {instructions: Lightly steam onions, celery, and bell peppers and let cool. Place the cooled vegetables into a mixing bowl and add the pork, sirloin, ketchup, eggs, half and half and mix well. Mix in the oatmeal and spice mix. Place the meat into a loaf pan lined with bacon strips. Place in refrigerator overnight so that the meat loaf firms up. When ready for use, remove from the refrigerator cover the top of the loaf pan with aluminum foil place in a preheated 350 degree oven on top of a roasting pan. Do this to prevent the overspill from making a mess out of your oven and cook until the inside temperature with a thermometer reaches 165 degrees about 1 12 hours. 15 minutes before it is done, remove the foil  this will allow the top to brown. Remove from the oven and pour out excess oil and let it sit for 20 minutes. Turn the loaf pan upside down to remove the meatloaf. Slice with a sharp knife, ingredients: [12 cup onions small diced, 12 cup celery small diced, 12 cup red bell peppers small diced, 1 pound ground pork, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 34 cup tomato ketchup, 3 eggs whole, 34 cup half and half, 114 cups oatmeal, 20 slices smoked bacon, 1 12 teaspoons salt kosher, coarse, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon ground coriander seed, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon ground cumin seed], title: CountryStyle Meat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 5172: {instructions: For the sauce: Put the gochugaru, soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, mirin, sesame oil, sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk to combine, cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nFor the broth: Put the dried anchovies, garlic, daikon, kombu, onion and 2 quarts water in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook for 25 minutes. Strain into a bowl or saucepan and discard the solids.nFor the toppings: Arrange the Spam, cocktail sausages, bacon, tofu, tteok, pork and beans, kimchi and sliced onion in a large, lowsided skillet. Add the sauce to the middle of the pot dont stir. Heat on high heat for 5 minutes. Add enough broth to cover all the ingredients you may not use all the broth, bring to a boil and boil on high heat for 5 minutes. Mix the sauce gently into the broth so it is well incorporated. Lower to medium heat and add the remaining broth. Simmer for 10 more minutes, then add the ramen and cook until the noodles are just tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and top with mozzarella, scallions and watercress. Serve with steamed rice., ingredients: [12 cup gochugaru Korean red chile flakes, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup fish sauce, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons mirin, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dried anchovies, 5 cloves garlic, One 2inch piece daikon radish, One 2inch piece kombu, 12 onion, 6 ounces sliced Spam, 10 cocktail sausages, 6 strips bacon, cut in half, 8 ounces firm tofu, sliced, 8 ounces tteok Korean cylindrical rice cakes, 8 ounces canned pork and beans, 1 cup kimchi, 12 onion, sliced, One 4.5ounce package dried ramen noodles, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 cups watercress about 1 bunch, Steamed rice, for serving], title: Budae Jjigae Korean Army Stew, picturelink: t2lA69w6T6ZQSSdkx7pDLhe56IZIDu}, 5173: {instructions: Mix all ingredients for dressing together and let it set overnight. Do not refrigerate.nMarinate the asparagus in the dressing for 10 minutes.nWrap 2 to 3 asparagus with prosciutto.nServe on a bed of lettuce with tomato wedges, if using, and spoon dressing on top., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped basil leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped rosemary leaves, 8 to 12 stalks asparagus, blanched, 8 to 12 thin slices prosciutto, 1 head lettuce, optional, Tomato wedges, optional], title: Asparagus Wrapped Prosciutto, picturelink: null}, 5174: {instructions: Wash the spinach and cut off the stems. Spin the excess water out. Drop the spinach into a large pot on the stove to wilt, about 3 minutes. There will be enough water still clinging to the leaves to steam it. When the spinach is cooked, drain, and plunge it into an icebath to seize the color. Remove the spinach and squeeze dry in a tea towel. Chop the spinach. Heat half the butter in a frying pan, and gently saute the shallot. Add the spinach, and season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. When hot, turn off the heat, and set aside. Put the yolks in a metal bowl and set over a pot of gently simmering water make sure the water does not touch the bottom of the bowl. Season the eggs with salt, and pepper, and whisk until thick and frothy. Remove the bowl from the heat. In a separate bowl, beat the whites to stiff peaks, and fold into the yolk mixture. Heat the remaining butter in a large frying pan for the omelet. Cooks Note: a nostick pan will simplify your life. Pour the egg into the pan and cook until the bottom is set, and golden, and the top is still fluffy and soft, about 3 to 5 minutes. Scatter the spinach mixture all over the omelet, then the cheese. Cover the pan for a few minutes to soften the cheese. Uncover, and fold the omelet in half, and slide it onto a plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound spinach, washed and stemmed, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 shallot, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 4 eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons finely grated fresh Parmesan cheese or Gruyere], title: Souffleed Spinach Omelet, picturelink: null}, 5175: {instructions: Combine the sourdough bread crumbs and Dungeness crab meat, set aside. Combine remaining ingredients, except olive oil, and mix thoroughly. Gently fold in the crab and bread crumb mixture. Shape into patties approximately 12inch thick. Heat olive oil in a nonstick saute pan. Cook crab cakes over medium heat to a golden brown about 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside.nCombine all ingredients except flower confetti and refrigerate.nWhisk together all ingredients and refrigerate.nPlace 14 cup of the salad mixture in the center of each of 4 plates. Place a crab cake on top of each salad. Drizzle each plate with Tarragon Vinaigrette and sprinkle with a garnish of flower petal confetti., ingredients: [2 ounces sourdough bread crumbs, 6 ounces Dungeness crab meat, 1 whole egg, slightly beaten, 1 tablespoon Maui onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon parsley, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Olive oil, for sauteing, 1 cup Japanese cucumber, peeled and julienned, 14 cup Maui onion, julienned, 1 cup machj lettuce or other seasonal soft lettuce, 3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, Flower petal confetti optional garnish, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon dry tarragon, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: California Crab Stack on Japanese Pickled CucumberMache Salad Dressed with Tarragon Dijon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 5176: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPat the brisket dry and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over mediumhigh heat in a Dutch oven or braising pot. Sear the brisket until it is browned, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer the brisket to a plate.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the pot and cook the onion, stirring a few times, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the tomato sauce, broth, brown sugar, 13 cup of the vinegar, the raisins, peppercorns, and allspice and stir to combine well. Bring mixture to a boil, return brisket and any accumulated juices to the pot, spoon some of the tomatovinegar mixture over the brisket, cover tightly, and transfer to the oven. Cook until the brisket is fork tender, 2 12 to 3 hours.nRemove the brisket from the oven, transfer the meat to a cutting board, and let rest for 10 to 20 minutes or, if serving later, cover and refrigerate the meat and sauce for several hours or overnight. When you are ready to serve, cut the meat against the grain into 14 inch thick slices. Stir the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar into the warm sauce. Return the sliced brisket to the sauce until heated through, then serve.nYield: 10 servings, serving size: 4ounces brisket plus 3 tablespoons of sauce, ingredients: [1 3pound beef brisket, firstcut or flathalf cut, trimmed of any excess fat, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, cut in 12, then thinly sliced into 12 moons, 3 cloves garlic, chopped about 1 tablespoon, One 15 oz. can tomato sauce, preferably no salt added, 14 cup lowsodium chicken broth or water, 3 tablespoons firmly packed dark brown sugar, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 13 cup raisins, 5 black peppercorns, 1 allspice berry], title: Sweet and Sour Brisket, picturelink: x0kjcfHitKAlno1xnBy1vEf63MnaFka}, 5177: {instructions: Preheat a convection oven to 200 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip egg whites until frothy. Slowly add the granulated sugar. Whip until very stiff peaks form. Remove bowl from mixer and fold in the confectioners sugar with a rubber spatula.nFill 2 6dome flexible baking sheets with meringue, forming a shell 38inch thick. Bake in convection oven for 2 hours or until dry. Alternatively, bake on the bottom rack of a gas oven with only a pilot light overnight or until dry. Transfer to a wire rack until completely cooled. Gently remove meringues from molds. To allow for some breakage, you will have extra meringues.nDip 1 meringue shell in whipped cream. Place on a plate and fill with a scoop of sorbet. Dip another meringue shell in whipped cream and place on top of sorbet. Garnish with passion fruit seeds. Repeat process with remaining meringue shells. Serve immediately.nPassion Fruit Sorbet:n1 cup sugarn1 cup passion fruit pureenIn a small saucepan, combine sugar and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat, let cool, and then stir in passion fruit puree. Transfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers instructions.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 14 cup sugar, 2 14 cups sifted confectioners sugar, Passion Fruit Sorbet, recipe follows, 34 cup heavy cream, whipped to soft peaks, 2 passion fruits, halved and seeded], title: Passion Fruit Pavlova, picturelink: YhHIzxDnJg8hYqTokolqaCeYRECi7Km}, 5178: {instructions: Heat 3 12 tablespoons mustard oil in a small nonstick pan over a medium heat until smoking. Remove the pan from the heat, and set aside for 20 to 30 seconds.nAdd the cardamom pods, cloves, bay leaves, and panch phoran, and fry over a low heat, stirring well, until the mixture starts to darken in color.nAdd the onion, and fry for 2 to 3 minutes, or until softened. Add the green chiles, ginger paste, and garlic paste, and continue to cook, stirring well, for another minute.nAdd the coriander, cumin, turmeric, chile powder, paprika, if using, and salt, to taste, and stir well to combine, and then add the water. Bring the mixture to a boil, and then turn down the heat and simmer the mixture for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the volume of liquid has reduced. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 12 tablespoons oil in a separate frying pan over a high heat, add the sea bream pieces, and fry for 1 to 2 minutes, turning once, until the fish pieces are golden brown on all sides. Add the fish to the spice mixture, adding more water as necessary to thin the sauce. Bring the mixture to a simmer, and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Serve immediately with basmati rice., ingredients: [5 tablespoons mustard oil or vegetable oil, divided, 4 green cardamom pods, crushed, 4 cloves, 3 small bay leaves, 1 teaspoon panch phoran, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 to 3 green chiles, pricked with a fork, 2 rounded tablespoons ginger paste make your own by crushing or blending fresh ginger to a rough paste, adding water, if necessary, to loosen, 2 large cloves garlic, blended to a paste with 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon red chile powder, Pinch paprika, optional, Kosher salt, 14 ounces water, 1 pound 5 ounces sea bream, cleaned, pin bones removed, flesh cut into 1inch pieces, 10 ounces basmati rice, cooked according to packet instructions, for serving], title: Bengali Fish Stew, picturelink: null}, 5179: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine honey and ginger until well blended. Coat papaya flesh but not skin with honey mixture.nSpray a nonstick cookie sheet with canola oil cooking spray. Place papayas skin side down on cookie sheet. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [13 cup honey, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, finely chopped, 2 medium papayas, quartered and seeded skin on, 1 long spray canola oil cooking spray], title: Toasted Ginger Papaya, picturelink: null}, 5180: {instructions: For the meatballs: Boil the chopped eggplant in salted boiling water for 4 minutes. Drain well and let cool. Squeeze out any excess water from the eggplant.nIn a bowl, add the bread and milk. Allow the bread to sit and absorb the milk for a few minutes. Squeeze out as much of the milk from the bread as possible.nIn another mixing bowl, add the eggplant and break up the bread into the bowl. Add the eggs, Pecorino, Parmigiano cheese, and salt. Then add the bread crumbs and flour. Cooks Note: If your mixture has a lot of moisture you may need to add more bread crumbs and flour. Mix well until all the ingredients are evenly distributed. With your hands, shape the meatballs into the size of golf balls. Dredge the meatballs in the flour.nFor the tomato sauce: In a large saucepan heat up olive oil. Saute the onions and add the tomato puree and salt. Bring the mixture to a light boil, then turn the heat to medium. Add the meatballs to the sauce and allow to cook for approximately 15 minutes. Plate and add the Parmigiano cheese., ingredients: [1 large eggplant, chopped, 2 slices stale bread, crust removed, 1 cup 250 ml milk, 2 eggs, 1 cup250 ml freshly grated Pecorino cheese, 1 cup250 ml freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, Salt, 12 cup125 ml bread crumbs, 12 cup125 ml flour, plus extra for dredging, 12 cup125 ml extravirgin olive oil, Red onion, chopped, 1 12 pounds700 g tomato puree, Salt, Freshly grated Parmigiano cheese, for sprinkling], title: Eggplant Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 5181: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan until smoking. Add the tortillas and fry until crisp, remove to a plate. Add the onions and garlic to the pan and cook until soft. Remove. Add the pumpkin seeds to the pan and cook until golden. Add the stock, peppers, mango, tomatillos and raisins and cook for 30 minutes over mediumhigh heat. Place the mixture and the fried tortillas in a food processor and process until smooth. Heat the oil in a medium saucepan until smoking. Add the tortillas and fry until crisp, remove to a plate. Add the onions and garlic to the pan and cook until soft. Remove with Add the pumpkin seeds to the pan and cook until golden. Add the stock, peppers, mango tomatillos and raisins and cook for 30 minutes over mediumhigh heat. Place the mixture and the fried tortillas in a food processor and process until smooth.nPour the mixture into a clean medium saucepan and cook for 20 to 30 minutes. Add the chocolate, honey, cloves and salt and pepper and cook for 5 minutes. Brush tuna with oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat grill pan over high heat. Sear tuna on both sides for 1 to 2 minutes. Serve raremedium rare.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub the chayote with 1 tablespoon of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and roast until just cooked through, about 30 to 40 minutes. Remove, let cool slightly and slice in half vertically. Scoop out the flesh of the chayote and remove to a plate. Reserve the shells.nHeat the remaining oil in a large saute pan. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the pepper and zucchini and cook for 5 minutes. Add the lima beans and corn and cook an additional 5 minutes. Stir in reserved chayote flesh. Add the butter, lime juice and cilantro and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nScoop the mixture into the roasted chayote shells., ingredients: [14 cup pure olive oil, 2 yellow corn tortillas, coarsely chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup pumpkin seeds, 3 cups lobster stock or clam stock, 2 roasted yellow peppers, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 ripe mango, peeled, and chopped, 2 tomatillos, husked and chopped, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 12ounce chopped white chocolate, 1 tablespoon honey, Pinch cloves, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 4 tuna fillets, 6 ounces each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 chayote, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 red pepper, finely diced, 1 zucchini, finely diced, 1 cup frozen lima beans, thawed, 1 cup fresh for frozen corn, thawed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Tuna with Yellow Mole Sauce and Chayote Succotash, picturelink: null}, 5182: {instructions: In a shallow nonreactive dish whisk together all marinade ingredients. Add chicken breasts and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for up to 3 hours. Remove chicken from marinade and grill until tender and cooked through., ingredients: [1 cup Gallo Chablis, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo puree, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts], title: Grilled Chicken Marinade, picturelink: null}, 5183: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a deep pot halfway full with oil. Heat to 360 degrees F. Coat the alligator meat with the fish batter. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes, until gator floats in oil. Remove and add salt and pepper to taste. Serve as an appetizer with remoulade sauce, mustard sauce, or cocktail sauce for dipping., ingredients: [12 pound alligator meat, cut into 12inch cubes, Fish batter, for coating see Cooks Note, Cooking oil, for frying, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: various dipping sauces such as remoulade, mustard, or cocktail], title: Fried Alligator Nuggets, picturelink: SKwlEIFAFdRxwX3MRsRjBliaEZddDCG}, 5184: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, garlic, salt, and pepper in a medium size bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil. Mix the lettuce and radicchio in a salad bowl. Just before serving pour on the dressing and toss.nDivide the salad among 4 salad plates. Place 3 apples slices on one side of each salad, and one quarter of the fennel on the other side. Sprinkle the pecans all over the salads.nServe immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 garlic clove, pressed or minced, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cups tornup green leaf lettuce, washed and spun dry, 1 cup tornup radicchio, washed and spun dry, 12 large Granny Smith apple, cut into 12 thin slices, 23 cup thinly sliced fennel, 12 cup chopped toasted pecans], title: Green Leaf Salad with Fennel, Apple, and Pecans, picturelink: null}, 5185: {instructions: Melt the chocolate in a double boiler or in a large bowl set over simmering water or in the microwave for a few minutes on HIGH stirring every minute. Stir in the caramel sauce and milk until blended and smooth.nRemove from the heat and transfer to a serving bowl. Arrange the fruit, cake, and other goodies around the chocolate mixture and start dunking, ingredients: [1 16ounce bag semisweet chocolate morsels, 1 cup storebought caramel sauce, 12 cup milk preferably not skim, Assortment of dunking ingredients:, Sliced bananas, Sliced apples, Sliced peaches, Angel food cake, cut into cubes, Marshmallows, Graham crackers], title: Chocolate Caramel Fondue, picturelink: Q.V7fAEaipHf3bW0l6PgqXFUV7Moi2}, 5186: {instructions: In a small bowl or measuring cup combine the chocolate chips and the oil. Heat in the microwave on high for 3 minutes.nMicrowaves may vary in power so cooking time may vary., ingredients: [1 cup chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons canola oil], title: Writing Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 5187: {instructions: Put 1 12 cups of the milk, the sugar, and the cocoa in a nonreactive saucepan. Bring to a simmer, over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, whisk the remaining 12 cup of the milk, cornstarch, salt, egg yolks, and vanilla in a bowl. Gradually whisk the hot milk into the egg mixture.nReturn to the saucepan to a mediumhigh heat, and cook, whisking constantly, until the pudding comes to a full boil. Reduce the heat to maintain a simmer, and continue whisking until thick, about 2 or 3 minutes more.nPour the pudding into 6 small cups. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or ideally overnight until set.nJust before serving pour the cream into a chilled bowl. Whip the confectioners sugar into the cream with a whisk or a hand held mixer, and continue beating until soft peaks form. Take care not to over beat the cream or it will be grainy. Serve each pudding with a dollop of whipped cream on top.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup natural cocoa powder, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup whipping cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar], title: Easy Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: null}, 5188: {instructions: Split lobsters in half and clean, take claws and crack the shell. Mix in a bowl all of the following: bread crumbs, garlic, oregano, parsley, salt, pepper, and paprika. Mix well then add olive oil until it has the consistency of sand. Place lobsters in a roasting pan, flesh side up. Spread some butter onto the flesh of the lobster. Take the bread mixture and place on top of lobster. When stuffed sprinkle with wine and then do the same with the chicken stock. Place in preheated 350 degree oven for 12 to14 minutes. Then place under broiler for 3 to 4 minutes until lightly brown. Remove from the oven and serve.nIf you like you can use vegetable broth instead of chicken., ingredients: [4 whole lobsters 2 to 2 12 pounds, 4 cups plain bread crumbs, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 tablespoons chopped oregano, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 3 teaspoons paprika, 1 cup olive oil, Butter, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken broth], title: Stuffed Broiled Lobster, picturelink: null}, 5189: {instructions: In a heavy skillet cook the shallot in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the wine, and simmer the mixture until the wine is reduced by half. Add the broth and the morels, sliced crosswise, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 10 minutes, or until the morels are tender. Add the cream and the goat cheese and cook the mixture over low heat, stirring, until the cheese is melted. Stir in the asparagus, the chives, and salt and pepper to taste and keep the sauce warm. In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the fettuccine until it is al dente, drain it well, and in a bowl toss the pasta with the sauce., ingredients: [12 cup minced shallot, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 pound fresh morels, washed well, patted dry, and trimmed, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces mild goat cheese such as Montrachet, crumbled about 1 12 cups, 34 pound asparagus, trimmed, cut into 12inch pieces, and cooked in boiling salted water for 2 to 3 minutes, or until tender, 14 cup minced fresh chives, 34 pound fettuccine], title: Fettuccine with Morels, Asparagus, and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 5190: {instructions: Preheat the grill or a grill pan.nPeel the onion and slice it into 13inch thick rounds. Brush the onion slices with oil and grill over medium heat, until the onions soften and get grill marks, about 6 minutes on each side. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 large red onion, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Red Onion, picturelink: uvw1q1uNkga8DG9ZQHeBgClmM6GZ8u}, 5191: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, completely mix the cranberries, condensed milk and orange juice. Fold in the whipped topping.nPour the filling into the prepared graham cracker crust and refrigerate 4 hours to overnight. Serve chilled., ingredients: [One 14ounce can wholeberry cranberry sauce, drained, 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup orange juice no pulp if possible, 8 ounces whipped topping in a tub, 1 prepared graham cracker crust], title: Sunnys Nunya Business Cranberry Fluff Pie, picturelink: Y.AmE0AHilvnr7pAmSnc1qMZmPScXq}, 5192: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl.nPreheat grill to mediumhigh. Reserve 12 cup of the MapleHorseradish Glaze and set aside. Brush pork chops on both sides with olive oil and season with salt. Rub 1 tablespoon of the rub onto 1 side of each pork chop. Grill, rubside down until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Brush each chop with some of the MapleHorseradish glaze and turn over. Continue grilling for 3 to 4 minutes for medium doneness, brushing with some of the glaze. Remove the chops to a platter and brush with the reserved glaze.n2 sweet potatoes, cooked 34 of the way Spicy Maple GlazenSlice the potatoes, crosswise, into 1inch thick slices. Brush with maple glaze and grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 cup maple syrup, 14 cup grated fresh horseradish, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 12 cup ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoon dry oregano, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, or 1 jar of Bobby Flays Dry Rub for Steak and Ribs, 4 rib pork chops, 6 ounces each and 1inch thick, Olive oil, 14 cup spice rub], title: Spice Rubbed Pork Chops with Horseradish Maple Glaze and Maple Glazed Grilled Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 5193: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoast scored chestnuts 45 minutes. Remove from oven and peel outer hull and the light brown inner skin. Chop the chestnuts roughly and place in a 6quart saucepan. Add milk and stock and bring to a boil. Cover and cook just below boiling for 1 hour. Uncover, add rice and cook for 25 minutes, or until rice is al dente. Season with salt. Stir in butter and chives and serve hot., ingredients: [34 pound chestnuts, each scored with an AX across the point, 2 cups milk, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup Italian rice Vialone Nano, Salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bunch chives, finely sliced], title: Minestra di Castagna, picturelink: null}, 5194: {instructions: For the Filling: Mix cheeses, eggs, parsley and black pepper until well blended. Set aside while making the dough.nFor the Dough: Mix eggs, flour, olive oil and a pinch of salt to form a ball. Add extra flour if needed to make dough workable. Cut into four equal portions and put under a large glass bowl to rest for about 15 minutes. Roll out one portion at a time to measure about 12 inches in diameter and 18inch thick, similar in size to a large pizza. Carefully spoon filling onto 12 of the dough circle. Create a half moon shape by spreading the filling evenly out, within 1inch of the edge. Carefully fold over the other half of the dough and crimp the edges to seal. When complete it should look like a half moon shaped pillow. Continue making fiadones with remaining dough and filling. Finally, brush the top with an egg wash of 1 egg yolk and 1 tablespoon of water. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 45 minutes. DO NOT OPEN OVEN BEFORE 40 minutes. At 45 minutes turn oven off but do not remove for 10 more minutes, or it will sink. Slice into finger shaped pieces and serve with red wine.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 unsalted basket cheese coarsely grated available at Italian markets at Easter, 1 12 cups finely grated locatelli pecorino cheese, 7 eggs, 1 cup chopped parsley, Lots of coarse ground black pepper, 6 eggs, 4 cups flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch salt, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon water], title: Easter Fiadone, picturelink: null}, 5195: {instructions: Add the chopped rosemary and sundried tomatoes to the dry ingredients of White Soda Bread recipe and continue as in basic recipe. Shape into loaf or scones. Bake loaf as in basic recipe, bake scones for 20 minutes in a 450 degree oven.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees.nIn a mixing bowl sift together 1 pound flour, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon baking soda. Make a well in the center. Pour most of the milk into the well. Using one hand, mix in the flour from sides of the bowl, adding more milk if necessary. The dough should be softish, not too wet and sticky. When it all comes together, turn the dough onto a wellfloured counter. Wash and dry hands. Knead lightly for 1 second, just to tidy it up, flip over. Pat dough into a round about 112 inches deep and cut a cross into dough over the sides of the bread to let the fairies out. Bake in preheated 450 degree oven for 15 minutes, then turn down the oven to 400 degrees for another 30 minutes or until cooked. If in doubt, tap the bottom of the bread, it should sound hollow.nRecipe courtesy Darina Allen ., ingredients: [1 recipe White Soda Bread, recipe follows, 112 tablespoons chopped rosemary, 2 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 pound white unbleached flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 to 14 ounces buttermilk], title: Rosemary and Sundried Tomatoes BreadScones, picturelink: null}, 5196: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker glass filled with ice, combine the vodka, Pineapple Reduction, pickling liquid, ginger sake and 4 Pickled Strawberries. Shake, then pour into a collins glass and top with soda. Garnish with 1 sliced Pickled Strawberry and serve.nCombine the liqueur, vinegar, lemon juice and strawberry juice in a medium bowl and whisk to combine. In a glass jar or resealable container, add the strawberries and enough pickling liquid to cover the strawberries completely. Let them pickle in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes or overnight.nIn a mediumsize saucepan on medium heat, bring the pineapple juice to a boil and then reduce to a simmer and cook until a golden syrup develops. Strain through a fine sieve cool and transfer to a reusable bottle., ingredients: [Ice, as needed, 2 ounces vodka, such as Zubrowka, 34 ounce Pineapple Reduction, recipe follows, 34 ounce strawberry pickling liquid, from Pickled Strawberries, recipe follows, 34 ounce ginger sake, Soda water, for topping, 5 Pickled Strawberries, recipe follows, 17 ounces orangeflavored liqueur, such as Cointreau, 12 ounces rice vinegar, 2 ounces fresh lemon juice, 2 ounces strawberry juice, 1 pound strawberries, cleaned and hulled, 2 pineapples, juiced], title: Aarti Party aka Savory Sling, picturelink: null}, 5197: {instructions: Toss 2 cups halved strawberries and 1 sliced shallot with 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar and a pinch of salt let sit 10 minutes. Remove the berries and shallot with a slotted spoon. Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, and salt and pepper into the vinegar mixture. Toss with 6 cups mesclun greens and the berry mixture. Top with hazelnuts and goat cheese.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Pickled Strawberry Salad, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 5198: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSprinkle half the toasted coconut in an 8 by 12inch nonmetal pan. Pour in the marshmallow batter and smooth the top of the mixture with damp hands. Sprinkle on the remaining toasted coconut. Allow to dry uncovered at room temperature overnight.nRemove the marshmallows from the pan and cut into squares. Roll the sides of each piece carefully in confectioners sugar. Store uncovered at room temperature.nCombine the gelatin and 12 cup of cold water in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and allow to sit while you make the syrup.nMeanwhile, combine the sugar, corn syrup, salt, and 12 cup water in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Raise the heat to high and cook until the syrup reaches 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat.nWith the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the sugar syrup into the dissolved gelatin. Put the mixer on high speed and whip until the mixture is very thick, about 15 minutes. Add the vanilla and mix thoroughly., ingredients: [7 ounces sweetened shredded coconut, toasted, 1 recipe Homemade Marshmallow batter, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, 3 packages unflavored gelatin, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Toasted Coconut Marshmallows, picturelink: 1iMMvOLPUT3pIRJz9lZdpB.sJ7x5H.6}, 5199: {instructions: Special equipment: Handoperated meat grindernFor the red chile tomato sauce: Heat the oil in a 12inch highsided saute pan over high heat. Cook the onions and jalapenos until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds, and then stir in the chili powder and coriander and cook 1 minute. Pour in 1 cup water and cook until reduced. Mix in the chipotles and tomatoes and bring a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and cook until the sauce is slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Season with salt, black pepper and honey, if using. Whisk in the crema, followed by the cilantro, and adjust the seasoning, if needed.nFor the mexican meatballs: Grind the cubed meats using a handoperated meat grinder fit with a medium dye. Combine the ground meats with the garlic and egg in a large bowl, and then add in 14 cup of the cilantro, the cheese, New Mexico chili powder, Mexican oregano, cumin and cayenne pepper. Gently mix together until combined. Begin mixing in the breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the mixture holds together. Mix in some salt and black pepper, and form the meat into 2inch balls. Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Cook the meatballs, turning occasionally, until brown all over, 3 to 4 minutes. Pour in the chicken stock and cook until the liquid is mostly reduced and the meatballs are just cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes longer. Transfer to a serving platter and top with the Red Chile Tomato Sauce, queso fresco and additional cilantro leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 to 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, processed until smooth, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes and their juice, processed until smooth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Clover honey, to taste, optional, 1 to 2 tablespoons Mexican crema, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 13 pound chorizo, very cold, cubed, 13 pound chuck, very cold, cubed, 13 pound pork butt, very cold, cubed, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro, plus extra for garnish, 14 cup freshly grated Cotija cheese, 1 tablespoon New Mexico chili powder, 2 teaspoons Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 34 cups chicken stock, Queso fresco, for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Mexican Meatballs with Red Chile Tomato Sauce and Queso Fresco, picturelink: 7nXfIWAZYyDP37k.SiQ2vTbFW.AfEO}, 5200: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread pecans in a single layer on a small baking sheet. Bake until golden and aromatic, 8 to 12 minutes. Shake the pan halfway through baking to make sure nuts toast evenly. Cool and coarsely chop set aside.nCombine cranberries, apples, orange zest and juice, sugar, water, vinegar, onion, apricots, ginger, red pepper flakes, and nutmeg, in a large saucepan. Place over medium heat and cook, stirring frequently, for 30 minutes. Stir in pecans. Cool to room temperature, and serve, or store refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup 3 ounces pecans, 12 ounces 4 cups fresh or frozen cranberries, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped, Zest and juice of 2 oranges about 12 cup juice, 1 12 cups lightbrown sugar, 34 cup water, 23 cup applecider vinegar, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 12 cup dried apricots, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped crystallized ginger, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Cranberry Chutney, picturelink: null}, 5201: {instructions: Put 12 teaspoon lemon juice and 1 tablespoon gin in each glass. Add ice and a few lemon slices. Fill the glasses halfway with white wine, then top with seltzer. Gently stir.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: LemonWine Spritzers, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 5202: {instructions: Trim the ends off the eggplant and cut it into 12inch dice. Place the eggplant in a colander set over a plate or in the sink and sprinkle generously with salt. Let stand for 1 hour. Quickly rinse the eggplant pieces. Place the pieces in paper towels and squeeze until dry.nIn a large deep skillet over medium heat, heat about 12inch corn oil. To test the oil, carefully place a small piece of eggplant in it. If it sizzles and cooks rapidly, the temperature is hot enough. Add enough eggplant to make single layer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until crisp and browned. Remove the eggplant pieces with a slotted spoon. Drain well on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining eggplant. Set aside.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, cook the olive oil with the garlic and green onions for 30 seconds, or until fragrant. Add the swordfish cubes, salt, and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the swordfish is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add the vinegar and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and oregano. Bring to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes, or until slightly thickened.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of cold water to a boil. Add salt and the cavatelli. Cook, stirring occasionally, until al dente, tender yet firm to the bite. Drain well.nIn a large heated serving bowl, combine the cavatelli, sauce, and eggplant. Toss well. Stir in the cheese. Sprinkle with oregano or parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large or 2 small eggplants about 112 pounds, Coarse salt, to taste, Corn or other vegetable oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large garlic clove, very finely chopped, 2 green onions, finely chopped, 8 ounces swordfish, 12inch thick, skin removed and cut into 12inch pieces, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 2 cups peeled, seed, and chopped fresh tomatoes or chopped canned Italian tomatoes with their juice, 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves or a pinch of dried oregano, 1 pound cavatelli, 13 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, Fresh oregano or fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Cavatelli with Swordfish and Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 5203: {instructions: 1. Press coarsely cracked pepper on both sides of beef steak. Heat large nonstick skillet over medium heat until hot. Place steaks in skillet cook 10 to 13 minutes for medium rare 145 degrees F to medium 160 degrees F doneness, turning occasionally. Remove to platter, season with salt, as desired. Keep warm.n2. Heat oil in same skillet over medium heat until hot. Add mushrooms and garlic cook and stir 3 to 5 minutes or until mushrooms are tender and browned. Add beef broth, Champagne and thyme to skillet stirring until browned bits attached to bottom of pan are dissolved. Bring to a boil cook 4 to 8 minutes or until mixture is reduced to 1 cup. Combine cornstarch and water stir into mushroom mixture. Bring to a boil cook and stir 1 to 2 minutes or until sauce thickens, stirring occasionally. Season with salt, as desired.n3. Serve steaks with sauce., ingredients: [4 beef tenderloin steaks filet mignon, cut 1 inch thick about 6 ounces each, 1 teaspoon coarse grind black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 112 cups assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake, cremini or button, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup reduced sodium beef broth, 12 cup brut Champagne or sparkling wine, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme or 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water], title: BistroStyle Filet Mignon with Champagne Pan Sauce, picturelink: 05fQ7561vvxuc2GtT6IB.jMLjuSeMii}, 5204: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSimmer the cream in a small saucepan. Remove from the heat. Add the chocolate and whisk until smooth. Set aside.nSpray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Place 6 of the Maria crackers on the baking sheet and top each with half a marshmallow. Bake until the marshmallow starts to brown, about 5 minutes. Carefully arrange the crackers on a serving dish.nTop each with 1 tablespoon chocolate ganache and another Maria cracker. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 1 3.2ounce disk Mexican chocolate, chopped, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 Maria crackers, or 6 whole graham crackers 12 halves, 6 marshmallows, halved crosswise], title: Mexa Smores, picturelink: UXmIuZAS7Wzoez0KGvqodDSihr5APu}, 5205: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the poppy seeds, sesame seeds, garlic powder, onion powder and salt in a small bowl.nBrush the baguette slices on both sides with olive oil and spread out on a rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with the seed mixture. Bake until lightly browned and crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, with a rubber spatula, mix the flaked whitefish, creme fraiche and dill in a small bowl.nTop each crostini with a spoonful of the whitefish salad and garnish with 2 caperberry halves., ingredients: [1 teaspoon poppy seeds, 1 teaspoon white sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 20 slices baguette, 14inch thick about 12 baguette, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces smoked whitefish, flaked, 6 tablespoons creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 20 caperberries, halved], title: Crostini with Smoked Whitefish, picturelink: 9LO4Mv8kVH2nehg9WUhFuk87Y8pSQCW}, 5206: {instructions: Special equipment: a small food processor or blender, optionalnCombine the shallots, parsley, capers and lemon juice in a small food processor and mix until smooth.nCombine the eggs, crab base, seafood seasoning, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, salt and pepper along with the shallot mixture in a large bowl. Whisk until smooth, and then add the mayonnaise and mix again until smooth.nPut the jumbo and lump crabmeat in a separate bowl and pick through for any missed shells. Add the crabmeat to the egg mixture and gently fold, being careful not to break up any lumps, until the crabmeat is completely coated.nAdd the breadcrumbs and sift with a rubber spatula until evenly distributed, again, being careful not to break up any lumps.nCover and refrigerate for 20 minutes, then fold one last time.nHeat the broiler. Grease a baking sheet. Loosely shape sixteen 6ounce crab cakes and place them on the baking sheet.nBroil the crab cakes until golden brown and they measure 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 7 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [3 ounces shallots, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon capers, Juice from 12 lemon, 4 large eggs, 2 tablespoons crab base, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 cups mayonnaise, 2 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat, 2 pounds super lump crabmeat, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, Oil, for greasing the baking sheet], title: Swallow at the Hollow Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 5207: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nArrange bread on a baking sheet and toast until crusty all over, 10 minutes.nHeat about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Add anchovy paste and stir. Then add the shrimp and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add garlic, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper and capers, cook for another 3 to 4 minutes more. Add wine and reduce a minute. Add stock and heat through. Then add the lemon juice, butter and parsley and stir, cooking for another minute.nPlace bread into bowls and drizzle with remaining extravirgin olive oil then top with shrimp and pan juices. Place a bowl out to collect tails.nCombine the tapenade and pesto and pour over arranged slices of tomatoes and red onions. Serve with shrimp bread bowls., ingredients: [1 loaf semolina or chewy bread, torn into large pieces, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deviened, 6 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons capers, 12 cup dry white wine, eyeball it, 1 cup seafood stock, clam juice or chicken stock, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons cold butter, A generous handful fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 14 cup storebought olive tapenade, 14 cup storebought pesto, 6 plum tomatoes, sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced], title: Shrimp and Bread Bowls and OlivePesto Dressed Tomatoes, picturelink: dz74muVdsDuMiiao54O0yY4ALIu6EC}, 5208: {instructions: In a saucepan add 12inch water to the pan. Immerse sausages in water and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove sausage and dry the pan. Return to the heat and add the olive oil on medium heat. When hot return the sausage to the pan with garlic cloves and saute until medium brown all over. Remove garlic to a bowl. Remove sausage to a plate to cool. Use a fork to mash the garlic with salt and pepper. Stir in mustard and set aside.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut each piece of dough into 2 and roll out until 14inch thick. Cut 6 pieces of dough about 3 inches wide and 12inch shorter then the length of sausage, just enough to wrap around sausage with the ends peeking out. Spread bottom of each dough with a tablespoon of garlicmustard paste. Set sausage on top, moisten 1 dough edge with a wet finger so it sticks together and roll. Press the seam firmly and set them on a lightly floured sheet pan, seam side down. Brush with olive oil. Bake until brown all around.nRemove and let cool for 5 minutes. Cut into 34inch long pieces and serve., ingredients: [6 spicy Italian sausages, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for brushing, 15 whole garlic cloves, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 3 4ounce pieces pizza dough, store bought], title: Spicy Sausage in Carrozza, picturelink: null}, 5209: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray.nPut the chickpeas on a clean kitchen towel or several paper towels and dry thoroughly. In a medium bowl, toss the chickpeas with olive oil to coat. Sprinkle with the smoked salt and toss again. Transfer in an even layer to the prepared baking sheet.nBake, shaking the pan halfway through the baking time, until the chickpeas are crunchy, 50 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool at least 1 hour the chickpeas will become crunchier as they cool. These are best eaten within 1 day.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons smoked sea salt], title: Crispy Chickpeas, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 5210: {instructions: Special equipment: Espresso machine 2 large mixing bowls Electric hand mixer Wiremesh sieve 12cup muffin tin Muffin liners Medium bowl Pastry bag optionalnESPRESSO GLAZE: Add 2 tablespoons of raw sugar to the hot espresso, and stir to dissolve. Add 1 tablespoon of rum and mix. Cover and refrigerate until cool.nCUPCAKE MIXTURE: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F, and position a rack in the center of the oven. In a large bowl beat the eggs with a hand mixer until theyre foamy. Continue to beat the eggs while adding 1 cup of raw sugar in a slow and steady stream. Add 1 tablespoon of rum, and continuously beat the egg mixture for 6 minutes, until pale and shiny. In another large bowl, use a wire mesh sieve to sift together the allpurpose flour and sea salt. Fold one third of the fl our mixture into the egg mixture. Repeat two more times until all the flour is incorporated into the egg mixture. Delicately fold in the melted unsalted butter. Divide the batter equally among 12 lined muffin cups. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the cupcakes are slightly golden around the edges and an inserted toothpick comes out clean. Remove the cupcakes from the oven, and cool them on a rack. When the cupcakes have cooled slightly, brush each one generously with the espresso glaze.nESPRESSO MASCARPONE ICING: In a medium sized bowl combine the mascarpone, icing sugar, and the rest of the espresso glaze. Beat with a hand mixer until the icing is stiff. Using a pastry bag with a round nozzle or a butter knife, ice each cupcake with about 14 cup of the icing. Garnish each cupcake with 1 teaspoon of shaved dark chocolate. Place in the fridge for 1 hour to set., ingredients: [1 cup  2 tbsp raw sugar, 13 cup hot brewed espresso, 2 tbsp rum, 6 eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 tsp sea salt, 13 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups mascarpone cheese 32 oz, 34 cup icing sugar, 2 oz 70 per cent dark chocolate, shaved], title: Tiramisu Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 5211: {instructions: In a hot frying pan over medium heat, cook the bison burger to desirable temperature, best mediumrare. Add the mortadella and salami and top with the cheese. Cover to melt the cheese, about 30 seconds. Toast the bun and spread it with butter. Remove the burger form the pan and put it on the bottom of the bun. Top with hot chopped peppers, lettuce, tomato and pickles. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and cover with the top of the bun. Serve., ingredients: [13 pound bison ground meat, formed into a patty, 1 slice Italian mortadella, 2 slices Genoa salami, 1 slice provolone, White or wheat hamburger bun, Butter, for bun, 1 tablespoon hot chopped peppers, Lettuce, Tomato, Pickles, 1ounce Cabernet vinaigrette 1 part extravirgin olive oil, 3 parts Cabernet vinegar, diced shallots, salt and pepper, to taste], title: The Italian Stallion, picturelink: null}, 5212: {instructions: Cut the top third off the oranges and scoop out all the pulp reserve the tops for this recipe and reserve the pulp for another use, if desired. Mix together the brown sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl. For each orange, flatten the dough for 2 biscuits and top them with 2 tablespoons of the brown sugar mixture. Roll the biscuits up into a ball and place them into the oranges. Note: The dough should fill the orange about 23 of the way full, leaving room at the top for the bun to expand. Add more or less dough according to the size of your orange.nAdd 2 tablespoons milk to each orange and put the tops back on. Wrap them individually in 3 layers of foil. Put them into the glowing embers of the campfire to cook for 7 to 10 minutes, turning halfway through the cooking time. Be sure to protect your hands from the fire at all times., ingredients: [5 oranges, 10 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 12ounce package refrigerated buttermilk biscuit dough, 10 tablespoons milk], title: Phoenix Orange Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: null}, 5213: {instructions: Melt the butter add all the flour at one time and cook until a sandy texture is achieved. Slowly add the halfandhalf, mixing well, and bringing to a boil after each addition. Add the onion with the bay leaf and clove, and simmer for 45 minutes.nStrain before using., ingredients: [1 yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon pureed garlic, 1 yellow peppers, diced, 12 cup white wine, 2 cups bechamel, recipe follows, 1 cup cream, 8 ounces brined smoked salmon, 4 tablespoons capers, plus 2 tablespoons, fried for garnish, Salt and pepper, 1 12 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped dill, Serving suggestions: over cooked pasta, Saute the onions, garlic, and yellow peppers. Deglaze the pan with white wine, add the bechamel, cream, smoked salmon, and 4 tablespoons capers. Slowly bring to a boil., Season to taste., Add the lime juice and fresh dill just before serving over pasta. Garnish with deep fried capers., 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 quart halfandhalf, at about 150 degrees F, 1 onion whole, with a bay leaf attached with 2 cloves], title: Smoked Salmon with Fresh Dill and Capers, picturelink: null}, 5214: {instructions: Place the bacon in a medium saute pan over medium heat and cook until lightly golden brown and the fat has been rendered. Increase the heat to high and add the garlic, olive oil, and squid, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the squid for 2 to 3 minutes or until just cooked through. Stir in the herbs and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces slab bacon, cut into lardons, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds fresh squid, cleaned and sliced into rings, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves], title: Squid with Bacon and Garlic Oil, picturelink: null}, 5215: {instructions: In a large resealable plastic bag, combine marinade and pork chops. Marinate for at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours, refrigerated.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Remove pork chops from bag, and discard marinade. Grill pork chops until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 5 to 6 minutes per side., ingredients: [14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 23 cup maple syrup, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup harissa sauce, 8 loin pork chops 12inch thick], title: Maple Dijon Marinated Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 5216: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the honey, coconut oil, cocoa powder and salt in a medium saucepan. Stir over medium heat until the coconut oil is completely melted and the mixture is smooth and warm, 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the peanut butter and stir until completely melted, another 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the oats. Cover with a lid for 5 minutes. Remove the lid and stir in the raisins, 13 cup of the coconut and the flaxseeds, wheat germ or chia seeds.nUse a round tablespoon to scoop, then level, the mixture. Sprinkle with some of the remaining coconut and press lightly onto the cookie. Use a small offset spatula to gently coax the cookie onto a parchmentlined baking sheet, coconutside down. The mixture will be a little delicate and sticky at this point. Lightly flatten the cookie with the spatula or your fingers. Repeat this process with the remaining cookie mixture, to make about 20 cookies total.nRefrigerate the cookies on the baking sheet until they are completely chilled, at least 30 minutes. These cookies are best served very chilled., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 14 cup coconut oil, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup crunchy peanut butter, 34 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 13 cup golden raisins, 1 cup unsweetened shredded coconut, 2 tablespoons flaxseeds, wheat germ or chia seeds], title: Peanut Butter NoBake Cookies with Oats and Flaxseeds, picturelink: JVct5roFn2vH7heRifQSCH2iJ0QuxjO}, 5217: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling water, boil the stone crab claws for 8 minutes. Bring the internal temperature of the claws down to 70 degrees F by immersing them in a pot of 50 degree F water for another 8 minutes. Refrigerate with plenty of ice.nCrack the claws and serve., ingredients: [8 12ounce stone crab claws], title: Everglades City Stone Crab, picturelink: gMaqbqjfFxkgbofY.V386idb7L4e.fe}, 5218: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out to a rectangle measuring a little larger than 20 x 10 inches when relaxed. Brush off any excess flour. Square off the edges with a pizza cutter. Cut the rectangle into 10 5 inch squares. Spread each with remonce andor the filling. Form the pastries. Place on a sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Proof, in a warm draft free place, covered with a dish towel, until they are a little puffy and a finger pressed lightly into the dough leaves a slight indentation. Brush lightly with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar or topping. Bake about 20 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on a rack. While still warm, brush lightly with warm apricot glaze or drizzle with icing.nPinwheels: Spread with remonce. Sprinkle on some extra cinnamon sugar. Brush the of the square with egg wash. Cut a slit from each corner almost into the center, stopping just short of the center. Fold every other tip into the center, overlapping them, and press firmly. Place on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Proof, covered, about 12 hour. Press the center down with your finger where the tips overlap and fill with 12 rounded teaspoon jam or filling.nEggwash, sprinkle with coarse sugar, and bake about 20 minutes, or until nicely colored.nEnvelopes: Spread square with remonce. Sprinkle with finely chopped chocolate mixed with sugar. Turn the square so that a point is at the top. Put and elongated mound of about 2 tablespoons of cheese filling from top to bottom. Egg wash the side corners. Fold one corner over the filling and press firmly. Fold the other end over the top and press very firmly to seal. Place on lined baking sheet and proof, covered, about 12 hour. Brush with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar and chopped chocolate. Bake about 20 minutes, or until nicely browned. Or spread with lemon curd and then cheese filling and garnish before baking with toasted sliced almonds.nCheese pockets: Spread the square with remonce. Place a rounded tablespoon of cheese filling in the middle of the square. Brush the corners with egg wash. Fold two opposite sides up and press firmly, as in the envelopes above. Bring the bottom corner up and press firmly over the fold. Lastly, bring the top corner up and across the fold and pinch it to seal. Proof, covered, as above. Egg wash and sprinkle the top with streusel. Bake about 25 minutes, until nicely browned.nTurnovers: Spread with remonce. Place a big dollop of chunky homemade applesauce or pear sauce on one side of the square. Egg wash the edges and fold over into a triangle. Press around the edge with a fork to seal. Proof, etc. Before baking, egg wash and sprinkle with coarse or pearl sugar.nWhisk together the flour and sugar. Drizzle in the melted butter as you mix with your fingertips or a rubber spatula.nBlend the sugar with the softened cream cheese until thoroughly combined. Dont overbeat or aerate. Mix in the yolk. Chill until firm.nMix to combine. You can use any spice or combination of spices.nPlace the apricot jam and water in a small saucepot and warm over medium high heat until it dissolves. Just before boiling, remove from heat. Dilute with a little more water if necessary until it is thin enough to brush evenly. Apply immediately with a soft, flat pastry brush.nWhisk a very small amount of milk into the sugar until all the lumps are gone. Continue to add milk, a few drops at a time, until it ribbons off the whisk. Drizzle it over the warm pastry using your fingertips, a fork, or the whisk.nYield: 12 cupnCream the butter, sugar and cinnamon, if added. Keep refrigerated. Let soften at room temperature to spreadable consistency before using., ingredients: [12 recipe danish dough, Egg wash one egg, lightly beaten with 2 teaspoons milk, Remonce cinnamon and plain, Jam raspberry and apricot, Cheese filling, Homemade chunky apple or pear sauce or cranberry conserve, Cinnamon sugar, Lekvar, Chopped chocolate mixed with sugar, Lemon curd puff tart recipe, with 23 cup sugar instead of 12, Pastry cream, Streusel, Toasted sliced almonds, 14 cup flour, 14 cup sugar, About 2 tablespoons melted butter, 12 ounces cream cheese, softened, 34 cup sugar, 1 yolk, slightly beaten, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 14 cup apricot jam, 1 teaspoon water approximately, 12 cup confectioners sugar, About 1 tablespoon milk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick, butter, softened 12 cup sugar, 14 to 12 teaspoon cinnamon optional], title: Assorted Individual Danish, picturelink: null}, 5219: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, sugar, garlic, salt, and pepper. Add the greens and green onions and toss to coat well. Top with eggs and capers.nFor perfectly hardcooked eggs, place eggs in a large pot with cold water to cover. Bring just to a boil then remove from heat. Cover pot and let stand 15 minutes. Rinse under cold water and peel., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads bitter greens such as frisee, radicchio, endive, and dandelion, torn into bitesize pieces, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 3 hardcooked eggs, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon capers], title: Bitter Green and Egg Salad, picturelink: null}, 5220: {instructions: Combine the lemon zest, oil, rosemary and garlic on a large, shallow platter or a tray large enough to hold the swordfish steaks in a single layer. Add the swordfish, sprinkle with salt and pepper and turn to coat with the marinade. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours.nBrush the grill or broiler pan with a thin film of oil. Just before serving time, preheat the grill or broiler. Transfer the swordfish to grill or broiler pan, reserve the marinade left on the platter. If broiling, adjust the oven rack so that the tops of the fish are about 3 inches from the heat source. Grill or broil until lightly browned, 5 to 8 minutes, depending on the intensity of the heat. Using a spatula, carefully turn each steak. Spoon any marinade and pieces of lemon zest and rosemary onto the tops of the steaks. Broil until lightly browned and the center of the fish is opaque when tested with the tip of a knife, about 5 to 8 minutes. Serve garnished with capers and lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon snipped fresh rosemary, or 1 teaspoon dried leaves, 1 garlic clove, crushed through a press, 4 swordfish steaks, 34inch thick about 12 pound each, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained, Lemon wedges for garnish, 4 strips 12 by 3inches lemon zest], title: Swordfish Marinated in Lemon, Rosemary and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 5221: {instructions: Combine first 6 ingredients in food processor, blend 2 minutes, then add eggs 1 at a time until smooth. Pour into buttered 8inch souffle dish. may be made up to 3 days ahead.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake souffle for 1 hour and 15 minutes, then add topping and continue baking for an additional 15 minutes. Combined cooking time of 1 12 hours.nToss the corn flakes, brown sugar, and butter together until all is coated., ingredients: [1 pound butternut squash, steamed and diced, 1 pound carrot, steamed and diced, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter, diced, 23 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons flour, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 7 large eggs or 6 jumbo, Souffle Topping, recipe follows, 1 12 cups corn flakes crunched up, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup butter, softened], title: Butternut Squash Souffle, picturelink: null}, 5222: {instructions: In a shallow pan, over high heat, combine all the ingredients for the court bouillon and bring to a simmer. Season generously with salt.nPlace 4 of the snapper fillets into the court bouillon, making sure that they are fully submerged. The liquid should remain just below a simmer. Cook the fish for about 8 minutes until cooked through and remove to a plate. Repeat this with the rest of the fillets. Serve with the purple potatoes, pickled pink onions and the key lime sauce.nPlace the potatoes in a medium pot and fill with cold water to cover. Season the water with salt and bring to a boil. Cook until the potatoes are tender but not falling apart, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and toss lightly with 2 tablespoons butter.nMeanwhile, bring another pot of water to a boil and season with salt.nIn a medium saute pan, over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of butter and shallots. Cook the shallots until soft but not brown. Season with pepper.nPlace the tatsoi or other leafy green into the boiling water and cook for about 20 seconds. Drain well. Add the tatsoi to the shallots and butter and toss.nIn a saute pan, over medium heat, add the oil. Add the onions and toss to coat with oil. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 2 minutes. Add the sugar and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the orange juice, zest, and red wine vinegar and cook until nearly all the liquid has reduced. Season with salt and white pepper. Set aside until ready to serve.nIn a small saucepan, away from the heat, add rum, limes, shallots, and garlic. Place the saucepan over medium heat and allow the rum to flame until it self extinguishes. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the turmeric, annatto seeds, sriracha and cream and simmer to reduce, about 5 minutes. Season with salt. Strain the sauce and keep warm. If the sauce is too thin, it can be thickened with a little cornstarch before straining., ingredients: [12 onion, 12 lemon, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup white wine, 6 cups water, 10 black peppercorns, Salt, 4 pounds Floridian red snapper fillets, trimmed and portioned into 8 servings, Key Lime Sauce, recipe follows, Pickled Pink Onions, recipe follows, Purple Potatoes, recipe follows, 8 medium sized purple Peruvian purple potatoes, sliced into 14inch rings, Salt and white pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon diced shallots, 12 pound tatsoi, spinach, mizuna, pea tendrils, or any other leafy green, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 red onion, sliced, 12 tablespoon sugar, 14 cup orange juice, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 4 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and white pepper, 12 cup light rum, 4 Key limes, quartered, 1 shallot, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup white wine, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon annatto seeds, 1 tablespoon sriracha sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, Salt, Cornstarch, if needed to thicken sauce], title: Red Snapper Art Deco: Florida Red Snapper, Purple Potatoes, and Pickled Pink Onions in a Key Lime Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5223: {instructions: Combine the levain and water in a 2quart clear plastic container with a lid. Break up the levain well with a wooden spoon or squeeze through your fingers until it is broken up. Stir until the levain is partly dissolved and the mixture is slightly frothy. Add the flour and stir with a wooden spoon until very thick and sticky. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula. Cover with plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degree place for 24 hours.nFinal dough: 2 cups 16 fluid ounces spring water 5 12 to 6 12 cups 27 to 32 ounces organic white flour with germ 1 tablespoon 34 ounce fine sea salt.nCombine the poolish and water in a 6quart bowl. Break up the poolish well with a wooden spoon and stir until the poolish becomes loose and the mixture slightly frothy. Add 2 cups 10 ounces of the flour and the salt stir until well combined. Add just enough of the remaining flour to make a thick mass that is difficult to stir. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead, adding remaining flour when needed, until dough is firm and smooth, 15 to 17 minutes total. The dough is ready when a little dough pulled from the mass springs back quickly.nShape the dough into a ball and let it rest on a lightly floured surface while you scrape, clean, and lightly oil the largest bowl. Place the dough in the bowl and turn once to coat with oil. Take the doughs temperature: the ideal is 78 degrees. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degree draftfree place until doubled in volume.nDeflate the dough by pushing down in the center and pulling up the sides. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degree draftfree place for 30 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a lightly floured board and knead briefly. Shape into a tight ball. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap, and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degree draftfree place for 30 minutes.nDivide the dough into 2 equal portions. Flatten each with the heel of your hand on a lightly floured board. The dough may be very soft and loose at this point. Shape into 12inchlong torpedoes. You may also choose to shape the dough into rounds.nPlace the torpedoes, seam side up in a wellfloured couche. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap. Put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degrees draftfree place until increased in volume about 1 12 times, or until a slight indentation remains when the dough is pressed with a fingertip. Place rounds on a cornmealdusted surface to rise.nPreheat the oven and baking stone to 450 degrees, 45 minutes to 1 hour before baking. The oven rack must be in the center of the oven. If it is in the lower 13 of the oven the bottom of the breads may burn, and if it is in the upper 13, the top crusts may burn.nGently roll one loaf from the couche onto a lightly floured peel so that it sits seam side down. Using a very sharp, serrated knife or a singleedged razor blade, score the loaf by making quick shallow cuts 14 to 12inch deep along the surface. Using the peel, slide the loaf onto the hearth. Quickly repeat the process with the second loaf. Quickly spray the inner walls and floor of the oven with cold water form a spritzer bottle. If theres an electric light bulb in the oven, avoid spraying it directly it may burst. Spray for several seconds until steam has filled the oven. Quickly close the door to trap the steam and bake 3 minutes. Spray again in the same way, closing the door immediately so that steam doesnt escape. Bake until loaves begin to color, about 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 425 degrees and bake until loaves are a rich caramel color and the crust is firm, 15 to 20 minutes.nTo test for doneness, remove and hold the loaves upside down. Strike the bottoms firmly with your finger. If the sound is hollow, the breads are done. If it doesnt sound hollow, bake 5 minutes longer. Cool completely on a wire rack.nAdd the flour directly into the container with the full batch of roomtemperature, batterlike ripe chef. Stir vigorously to add fresh oxygen to the mixture. This will form a stiff consistency more like a stiff dough than a batter. This firm texture is important for ripening levain, because a dense rather than loose levain creates delicious sour bread without an overpowering tangy bite. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly, and let stand in a cool to moderate about 70 degrees draftfree place for 8 to 10 hours.nThe levain should have doubled in volume. The texture will be somewhat light, with many tiny bubbles throughout. Do not let the levain stand for longer than 10 hours, or the yeast will become exhausted and not raise the final dough. This recipe yields 18 ounces of levain.nDay 1: Combine the flour and water in a tall 2 to 3quart clear plastic container with a lid. Stir well to make a thick, soft dough. The exact consistency of the dough will vary with the brand of flour or water at this point to adjust the texture. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula, cover tightly with lid and let stand in a moderate about 70 degree place for 24 hours.nDay 2: 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons 4 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water.nThe chef should have almost doubled in volume. You will see tiny bubbles on the surface, and you might notice a slight musty smell. Add the flour and water to the mixture and stir vigorously to distribute the fresh ingredients and add fresh oxygen to the chef. The texture will still be like a soft dough. You may add a little more flour or water to make this texture, if necessary. Scrape down the sides, cover and place in a moderate 70 degree draftfree place for 24 hours.nDay 3: 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons 4 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water.nIt will have almost doubled in volume and be quite bubbly. Add the flour and water, and stir well to make a thick batter. You may have to add a little more water if your flours absorption level is high. With a marker pen, mark the level of the chef on the side of the container. Scrape down the sides, cover tightly, and let stand in a moderate 70 degree draftfree place for 24 hours.nIt should now be loose in texture, like a pancake batter. It will have doubled in volume from the last addition of flour and water. The chef may rise and fall, but as long as it doubles at some point during this last period, its fine. You now have a fully ripe chef ready to transform into a levain. If you dont want to make the levain immediately, the chef can be refrigerated for up to 3 days., ingredients: [23 cup 8 ounces levain proof, recipe follows, 1 cup 8 fluid ounces spring water, 1 12 cups 8 ounces organic white flour with germ, 1 14 cups 6ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour, Full batch chef, procedure and recipe follows, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons 4 ounces 20 percent bran wheat flour, 12 cup 4 fluid ounces spring water], title: San Francisco Sourdough, picturelink: null}, 5224: {instructions: Pour Prosecco into a clear glass without ice. Add vodka and cinnamon schnapps, and stir to mix gold flakes evenly through the drink., ingredients: [12 ounces Prosecco, chilled, 2 ounces vodka, chilled, 1 12 ounces cinnamon schnapps Recommended: Goldschlager], title: Prosecco Gold Rush, picturelink: 80X9xoAfxMOtvITHMwkRNz0qZM6rPse}, 5225: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine bananas, sugar and cinnamon. Mix well and set aside.nUnroll pie crusts onto a flat surface.nUsing a ring mold, make circles in the dough. Put the banana mixture on the pie dough and place another round on top. Pinch around the edges of each section to seal. Transfer the empanadas to the prepared baking sheet and make slits in the top of each to allow steam to escape. Place the baking sheet into the preheated oven and bake until crust is golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place the empanadas on a platter. Serve with ice cream or sprinkle with powdered sugar, if using., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 cups sliced bananas, 2 tablespoons light or dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 9inch refrigerated pie crusts, Ice cream or powdered sugar, if desired], title: Banana Empanadas, picturelink: dPxh9JkpcKLwZoqMtjypGX1Xt0ZEf4.}, 5226: {instructions: In a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, cook the diced onions and canola oil until the onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Place the ground sausage, beef, breadcrumbs, cream, cheese, mustard, oregano, thyme, eggs and some salt and pepper in large mixing bowl. Add the sauteed onions to the bowl and mix the ingredients by hand, until completely incorporated.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nForm the meatball mixture by hand into balls slightly larger than a golf ball, repeat for the remaining meat. Place all the meatballs on a sheet pan and cook until fully cooked throughout, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nDrain all excess grease and let the meatballs cool. Serve alone with some marinara sauce, with spaghetti and marinara or in a meatball sub sandwich., ingredients: [1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 5 pounds Italian ground sausage, 5 pounds ground beef, 8020 blend, 2 cups breadcrumbs, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup shredded asiago cheese, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 4 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: marinara sauce, spaghetti andor sub roll], title: Sammys Italian Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 5227: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChill all ingredients before mixing.nWhen cold, combine the lemonlime soda, lime juice, sugar, cherries with their juice and lime slices in a large pitcher and stir. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nServe with a ladle, getting cherries and limes in each serving., ingredients: [2liter bottle lemonlime soda, 1 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 1 cup sugar, One 10ounce jar maraschino cherries, with juice, Thin lime slices], title: Cherry Limeade, picturelink: ZYsfVuAbRD96qpMKKrvudtdzrIFY1jW}, 5228: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a heavy baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nFor the dressing: In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, mustard, thyme, salt, pepper and lemon zest until smooth. Remove 3 tablespoons of the dressing and reserve.nFor the salad: Add the potatoes to the bowl and toss until coated with dressing. Arrange the potatoes in an even layer on the prepared baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Roast until golden and tender, about 40 minutes.nIn a large bowl, toss together the reserved 3 tablespoons dressing, bell peppers and arugula. Arrange on a platter. Place the roasted potatoes on top and sprinkle with the gorgonzola cheese and chopped walnuts if using., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice about 1 large lemon, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Zest of 1 large lemon, 1 12 pounds baby red skinned potatoes, halved, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 yellow or red bell pepper, cored, seeded and cut into thin strips, 4 cups arugula about 4 ounces, 14 cup 2 ounces crumbled gorgonzola cheese, optional, 14 cup chopped walnuts, toasted, optional], title: LemonMustard Potato Salad, picturelink: 7GpvKxUlnnbin8WEmMudRZn4hphQG}, 5229: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nCut a small slice off both ends of each lemon, and then cut in half crosswise. Arrange the lemons, flesh side up, in a flameproof nonreactive baking dish, and season with salt. Broil 6 inches or more from the heat until browned and soft, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. Squeeze the lemon halves over a sieve suspended over a bowl. Push and stir the pulp through the sieve with a rubber spatula or wooden spoon to get as much juice out as possible. Discard the lemon peels.nReduce oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nSeason chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the chicken, lower the heat to medium, and cook, turning once, until brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Remove chicken to a plate or baking sheet.nReturn the pan to mediumhigh heat, add the potatoes, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring and tossing, until brown all over, about 10 minutes. Drain off the excess oil. Arrange the chicken breasts on top of the potatoes and place in the oven until potatoes and chicken are cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken to a platter and put the pan with the potatoes over mediumhigh heat. Toss well so the pan juices are absorbed into the potatoes. Scrape the potatoes out of the pan onto the platter around the chicken.nReturn the pan to mediumhigh heat, add the garlic and rosemary, and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add 1 cup of chicken broth and reserved lemon juice. Stir and scrape up all the browned bits that cling to the bottom and sides of the pan, and then add the remaining 1 cup broth. Bring to a simmer stir in parsley and season to taste with salt and pepper. If the sauce tastes too lemony, stir in the optional butter. Pour the sauce over the chicken and potatoes and serve immediately, garnished with rosemary sprigs, ingredients: [5 large lemons, Gray salt, 6 boneless chicken breast halves, skin on, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds small new potatoes, such as red bliss, halved, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 cups doublestrength chicken stock, or 4 cups canned lowsalt chicken broth boiled until reduced by half, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, optional, Rosemary sprigs, for garnish], title: Chicken with Roasted Lemon and Rosemary Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5230: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or silicone baking mat.nCreate a double boiler by putting a glass bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water, making sure the bowl doesnt touch the water. Add the chocolate and orange extract and stir until melted and smooth. Do not overheat white chocolate or it will seize.nRemove the bowl from the pan and wipe the condensation from the bottom. Put about 2 tablespoons of the chocolate in a small bowl and tint it with the food coloring.nAdd the puffed rice and raisins to the large bowl of chocolate and stir until well combined. Pour the mixture onto the baking sheet and with an offset spatula, spread it to an even thickness, about 14inch. Tap the pan firmly several times on the counter to settle the chocolate. With a small spoon or fork, drizzle stripes of orange tinted chocolate over the surface of the bark.nRefrigerate the chocolate for 1 hour to completely set before breaking it into large pieces. Serve immediately or wrap in cellophane bags tied with festive ribbon and keep on hand as a quick hostess gift, ingredients: [1 pound good quality white chocolate, chopped recommended: Callebaut, 1 teaspoon pure orange extract, Orange paste food coloring, 1 cup crisped rice cereal, 12 cup golden raisins], title: Crunchy White ChocolateOrange Bark, picturelink: YTSHl3fLGzrwZhuAn7sMUQEdjWujF6}, 5231: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with 18 to 19 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a medium bowl.nPlace the strawberries in a food processor and process until pureed. Measure out 12 cup of the puree, and reserve the extra for the frosting.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, mix the strawberry puree, eggs, Champagne, butter, and vegetable oil on medium speed until incorporated, about 2 minutes. Turn the mixer to mediumlow speed, and add the dry ingredients a little bit at a time, making sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl if necessary. Mix until just combined.nFill the cupcake liners 34 of the way full, and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the heavy whipping cream on high speed until soft peaks form, about 4 minutes. While whipping the cream, place a washcloth over the mixer to prevent splatters on countertop.nWhile the cream is whipping, melt the marshmallows in a heatproof bowl in the microwave on high for 15 seconds. Stir with a rubber spatula, and plop the melted marshmallows into the whipping cream once the soft peaks are reached. Continue to whip until stiff peaks are formed. Turn the speed to medium and add the sugar and 14 cup reserved strawberry puree. Whip until all the ingredients are incorporated, about 30 seconds.nTo assemble: With a pastry brush, brush the tops of the cooled cupcakes with the Champagne Simple Syrup. Place the frosting in a piping bag with a tip of your choice, and pipe a large dollop or multiple swirls on the tops of the cupcakes.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stir the Champagne and sugar together with a wooden spoon until the sugar has completely dissolved. Reduce the heat to medium, and continue to cook until the mixture has reduced to about half and can line the back of the spoon, about 5 minutes.nAllow to cool slightly., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup fresh strawberries, 3 eggs, 1 cup extradry champagne, 12 cup butter, melted, 12 cup vegetable oil, 4 cups heavy whipping cream, 8 large marshmallows, 23 cups powdered sugar, Champagne Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 12 cup extra dry champagne, 12 cup sugar], title: Pretty in Pink Strawberry Champagne Cupcakes, picturelink: yY47bosSHvLfDxAXPMxTmBGxs4bQW}, 5232: {instructions: Oatmeal Ice Cream:nCombine milk, cream, cinnamon sticks, liquid glucose, and 12 the amount of sugar into a pot and bring up to a simmer.nStir in the steel cut oats, quick oats and the butter continue stirring on a low heat for 5 minutes or until it begins to thicken.nCombine your yolks and the remaining sugar in a bowl and whisk until well combined. Temper the egg mixture into the hot liquid let the ice cream base cook until it coats the back of the spoon.nQuickly strain through a chinois so that the oatmeal does not solidify. Put into a water bath to chill.nWhen the base is cold pour into the ice cream machine and spin.nRoasted Strawberries:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nClean and cut the strawberries depending on the size of them in quarters or halves, as long as they are all the same size in the end.nSprinkle 14 cup of sugar over the cut strawberries and a pinch or salt.nRub a sheet pan or cookie sheet, with butter until nicely covered. Place the buttered sheet pan in the oven for 2 to 3 minutes so it gets very hot. Carefully pull the sheet pan out of the oven and pour the strawberries on the hot sheet pan be careful of the splatter. Place the sheet pan with the strawberries back in the oven for 3 minutes. After the 3 minutes pull out of the oven let cool slightly and enjoy.nOatmeal Streusel:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut your cold butter into small dice and set aside in the refrigerator.nCombine all the ingredients, oats, sugar, flour, salt, cinnamon. Put the dry ingredients in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment on a mediumslow speed. Mix until all the ingredients are evenly dispersed. Add the cold butter and drop the diced butter into the mixer only a few cubes at a time. While the machine is running do not walk away from it, you do not want the mixture to over mix. You will know that the streusel is done when it has just come together and the color will change from pale light brown to medium tan.nGrease a 12 sheet pan or cookie sheet with cooking spray then a piece of parchment paper.nSprinkle the streusel onto the cookie sheet.nBake for 5 to 10 minutes depending on the how crunchy or chewy you like it to be.nAssembly:nIn a sundae glass of your choice first layer the bottom with roasted strawberries, then oatmeal streusel then a scoop of the oatmeal ice cream. Repeat layers and garnish with a cinnamon stick and fresh strawberries., ingredients: [2 quarts milk, 2 quarts heavy cream, 2 cinnamon sticks, 3 12 ounces liquid glucose, 8 ounces light brown sugar, 12 ounces steel oats, 4 ounces quick oats, 1 ounce butter, 30 egg yolks, 3 pints strawberries, 14 cup sugar, Pinch salt, Butter, to coat the pan, 1 12 cups quick cooking oats recommended: Quaker Quick Oats, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 ounces cold butter, Cinnamon sticks, for garnish], title: Strawberry Crisp Sundae, picturelink: null}, 5233: {instructions: In a medium skillet over medium heat, add the butter. When it is melted, add the onions and cook until they begin to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the hot dogs and cook to heat them through.nWhisk the eggs and season with salt and pepper. Lower the heat in the skillet, pour in the eggs, and sprinkle the cheese on top. Cook, stirring often, until the eggs are cooked to your liking. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Reserved diced 12 medium onion from Corn Salsa recipe, Reserved 2 hot dogs from Corn Dogs recipe, sliced into 12inch thick slices, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Cheesy Hot Dog Scramble, picturelink: eo4rEu4UOOydFOSaKwRqpA0hUVvApvO}, 5234: {instructions: In a saucepan set over moderate heat, warm the oil until it is hot, add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until golden. Add the gingerroot, cinnamon stick, and cardamom, and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until rice is coated with oil. Add the water and salt, bring to a boil, and simmer, covered, 20 minutes. Stir in raisins and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Remove cinnamon stick before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon minced gingerroot, 1 cinnamon stick, 5 green cardamom pods, 2 12 cups Basmati or other long grain rice, 4 12 cups water, Salt, to taste, 12 to 1 cup golden raisins, if desired], title: Ranis Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 5235: {instructions: Place all the ingredients in the container of a blender, blend for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the blender with a rubber spatula and process for 30 seconds longer. The mustard should be a little thicker than heavy cream. Store in glass jar, wellsealed, in the refrigerator and let the flavors marry for at least a day before using. The longer it sits, the better it tastes it also will get thicker and more yellow., ingredients: [12 cup dry mustard, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, Pinch ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 14 cup boiling water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Swedish Sweet Mustard, picturelink: null}, 5236: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush 12 slices of baguette with half of the olive oil and lay them directly on the middle rack of the oven. Toast for 5 minutes, or until light golden brown. Put the remaining olive oil in a small saute pan and warm over mediumhigh. Add the grapes and saute for 2 to 3 minutes or until soft and warmed through. Remove from the heat. Sprinkle the balsamic vinegar over the grapes and add a few grindings of pepper.nTop each baguette slice with one leaf of basil and spread the goat cheese evenly among the toasted slices. Cut each slice of prosciutto in half and drape over the cheese. Top each of the baguettes with three of the sauteed grapes.nMay be served warm or made in advance and served at room temperature., ingredients: [1 Baguette, Cut into 14inch Slices, 4 Tablespoons Olive Oil, 36 Green, Red, andor Black Grapes, 1 Tablespoon Balsamic Vinegar, Freshly Ground Pepper, 1 Bunch of Fresh Basil, 4 Ounces Soft Goat Cheese, 6 Slices of Prosciutto], title: Grape and Prosciutto Appetizer, picturelink: null}, 5237: {instructions: For the lamb: trim all fat from the lamb and cut into 2inch cubes. Combine remaining marinade ingredients in a large resealable plastic bag and mix well.nAdd the lamb cubes to the bag, tossing to coat. Seal bag and marinate in the refrigerator at least 2 hours, preferably overnight, rotating the bag occasionally to continually coat the lamb.nPreheat an outdoor grill to medium heat. Remove lamb from refrigerator about 30 minutes before grilling to bring the meat to room temperature.nTo assemble the kabobs: fill skewers, alternating peppers, lamb, tomatoes, onions and mushrooms until all ingredients are used.nGrill skewers, rotating to char lamb on all sides, until cooked to desired doneness, about 7 to 8 minutes for mediumrare., ingredients: [1 boneless leg of lamb about 5 pounds, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup honey, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large white onion, finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 large white onions, cut into 2inch squares, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 2inch squares, 1 orange bell pepper, cut into 2inch squares, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 2inch squares, 1 yellow bell pepper, cut into 2inch squares, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, stemmed, 1 8ounce package white button mushrooms, Wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes], title: Marinated Grilled Lamb Kabobs, picturelink: null}, 5238: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Wash the sweet potatoes, scrubbing them well to remove any dirt or soil. With a fork, prick the sweet potatoes. Place on the oven rack bake about 45 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center goes in easily. Remove the potatoes from the oven.nCarefully cut off 13 of each potato lengthwise. Scoop out and remove the pulp from the potato, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Scoop out all pulp from the potato tops, and discard the tops.nIn a large bowl, mix well the potato pulp, butter, salt, smoked chicken and cayenne. Fill the potato shells with the hot mixture, mounding it slightly. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, 4 tablespoons butter or margarine, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped smoked chicken, 1 teaspoon cayenne], title: Stuffed Southwestern Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 5239: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice and add the mezcal, lime juice and simple syrup. Shake vigorously for 10 seconds, then strain into a rocks glass over ice. Dip the pineapple wedges in chile powder and garnish the glass., ingredients: [2 ounces mezcal, 1 ounce fresh lime juice, 1 ounce simple syrup, 3 pineapple wedges, Chile powder, for garnish], title: Pineapple Chile Margarita, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 5240: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut off the very top of the pineapple and discard. Place pineapple in a roasting pan. Roast the whole pineapple for about 1 hour, then remove from the oven and, as soon as it is cool enough to handle, cut it first into 8 thick rounds, crosswise. Cut these slices in half and arrange on a patter. Squeeze the lime juice over the pineapple, dust with cayenne pepper, and sprinkle with a little chopped parsley. Pineapple will dry out if it is not roasted whole. Diners should pick up the half rounds of pineapple with their hands and nibble the tender flesh from the inside of the rind., ingredients: [1 ripe pineapple, 1 lime, cut into quarters, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley], title: Baked Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 5241: {instructions: Prepare quickcooking rice according to package instructions. Reserve 1 cup of cooked rice for later in the week.nCut chicken breasts into 12 to 1inch pieces. Transfer chicken to a medium saucepan. Add chick peas, reserved roasted vegetables, yogurt, curry powder, and cumin and mix well to combine. Set pan over mediumlow heat and cook 3 to 5 minutes to heat through. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve alongside rice., ingredients: [3 cups quickcooking rice, 2 roasted chicken breast halves, about 1 pound, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 1 cup reserved roasted vegetables from Roasted Vegetable Stew, 1 cup yogurt, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Chicken Curry with Chickpeas, picturelink: qGyYKsHrHeMuovuopvA.x.3TS1DWQ1G}, 5242: {instructions: Place banana, Juicy Juiceu00ae, Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Drink, yogurt and strawberries in blender cover. Blend until smooth. Divide shake between 2 chilled glasses and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small ripe banana, 1 cup Berry Flavor Nestleu00ae Juicy Juiceu00ae All Natural 100 Juice, chilled, 1 packet Classic French Vanilla Flavor Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Complete Nutritional Drink, u00bd cup vanilla or berryflavored lowfat yogurt, u00bd cup fresh or frozen strawberries or other berries], title: Berry Banana Breakfast Smoothie Sponsored, picturelink: QUSCzqsDsAoAxtjiriMEtVT5oAtH0gm}, 5243: {instructions: Light broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil set aside. Rinse wings with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Place wings on baking sheet skinside up. Broil wings for 8 to 10 minutes while preparing sauce. NOTE: this step can be omitted, but produces a better tasting wing.nPlace wings in the crock of 4 quart slow cooker. In a bowl, stir to combine remaining ingredients. Pour over wings and stir to coat. Place lid on slow cooker and cook on high setting for 2 12 to 3 12 hours., ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings, 14 cup ketchup, 1 18ounce jar apricotpineapple preserves recommended: Smuckers, 2 tablespoons citrus herb seasoning, 2 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chili seasoning, 1 jalapeno, finely diced], title: Hot and Sticky Wings, picturelink: Ek0iBD91Tg09gYSDigjfsObU0.m5zuG}, 5244: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine oats, raisins, almonds, and dried cranberries, walnuts, salt and honey. Stir until well incorporated.nIn a small sacue pot add sugar and water and simmer until slight caramel color comes to the liquid. Add butter in small pieces and sitr well with a wire wisk. When butter is well incorporated pour caramel sauce over oats. Stir well and spread over a sheet pan and allow to cool., ingredients: [2 pounds of rolled oats, 34 cup of raisins, 12 cup of almonds, 12 cup of crushed walnuts, 2 cups of sugar, 1 cup of water, 12 stick of butter, 14 cup of honey, 1 tablespoon of salt, 12 cup of dried cranberries], title: Homemade Granola, picturelink: null}, 5245: {instructions: Rinse, dry, shell, and devein the shrimp if necessary, but leave the tails on. Split the shrimp along the inner curve, but do not cut all the way through. Spread each shrimp out flat and tap with the broad of a cleaver or knife. Cutting along the inner curve prevents the shrimp from curling out of shape during the cooking.nMake the marinade by combining in a bowl the ginger, garlic, and oil. Season shrimp with the marinade, cover and chill 30 minutes.nMake the batter by measuring out the dry ingredients into a mixing bowl and then adding the liquid ones, singly and little by little, stirring until the mixture is a smooth, thick batter. Fold in the sesame seeds last. Place the batter by the shrimp near the stove.nHeat the wok or heavy, deep pot then add and heat the oil until a drop of batter foams instantly, about 375 degrees F. Lower the heat a little. Then hold 1 shrimp by its tail and dip it into the batter to coat evenly slip it into the hot oil. Repeat rapidly with the rest of the shrimp and deepfry them for 3 minutes. Turn the shrimp constantly, with a gentle motion, after theyre all in the oil. When they are golden brown, remove them with chopsticks, a skimmer, or a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.nArrange the shrimp on a serving platter and sprinkle a little roasted saltpepper on top. The shrimp may be done 10 to 15 minutes in advance and kept hot and crisp in a 200 degree F oven. Or decrease the frying time by 30 to 45 seconds then drain on paper towels. When ready to serve, refry until brown and crisp, about 30 seconds., ingredients: [1 dozen jumbo shrimp, MARINADE, 1 tablespoon finely minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, SESAME SEED BATTER, 1 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 1 12 cups water, 14 cup sesame seeds, 4 cups oil], title: Fantail Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 5246: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place peppers on oiled cookie sheet and place in oven. Roast peppers, turning occasionally, for 20 to 30 minutes, until the skins puffs up and is mostly blackened. Place in bowl and cover with plastic wrap to sweat.nWhile peppers are roasting, melt butter over low heat and cook onion gently with salt, pepper, and cumin for 1015 minutes, stirring occasionally, until translucent. Add garlic and cook until aroma is released. Sprinkle flour over and cook, stirring, another 5 minutes. Stir in stock or water and bring to the simmer. Turn off heat and set a food mill fitted with fine sieve over pot.nUnwrap the bowl of peppers they should be very soft. Pull out and discard cores. Place contents of bowl, juice and all, into food mill and pass peppers through. Remove mill from pot and clean out pepper skins and seeds by rotating blade backwards. Whisk contents of pot thoroughly and simmer 10 minutes for the flavors to come together. Whisk in milk, pass through food mill again into clean pot, heat gently and serve.nYou could also make this soup with red peppers. Better yet, make both and serve a ladle of each in the same bowl.nWhen you buy peppers for roasting, choose those with flat sides as the very curvy ones dont roast evenly. Roasting over a flame results in roasted peppers with a firmer texture, perfect for salads etc. Oven roasting result in a softer pepper using the food mill to puree eliminates the need to spend time peeling and seeding.nTo make this meal even faster, you can roast and puree the peppers a day or two before. Roasted pepper puree also freezes beautifully., ingredients: [5 to 6 yellow peppers, washed, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 medium yellow onions, chopped, about 2 cups, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon flour, preferably Wondra, 1 cup chicken stock, vegetable stock or water, 2 cups milk, warmed slightly], title: Roasted Yellow Pepper Soup, picturelink: null}, 5247: {instructions: Saute the chorizo in a skillet for a couple of minutes until it starts to give off its oil. Drain off some oil if there is a lot. To make the dough, place in a saucepan over medium heat the water, butter and salt. When the water comes to a boil and the butter has melted, add the flour all at once. Lower the heat and stir with a wooden spoon until the dough leaves the sides of the pan and forms a ball. Continue cooking and stirring for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and beat in the eggs 1 at a time. The dough will separate, then hold together again. This step may be done effortlessly in a food processor once the flour has been added and forms a ball, transfer the dough to the processor. Process for 15 seconds. Add both eggs and beat for 45 seconds. Combine the Bunuelo dough with the chorizo. This can also be done in the processor. May be prepared ahead. In a skillet heat the oil at least 12inch deep to about 380 degrees F. Drop the dough by teaspoonfuls into the oil and fry over medium hear, turning occasionally, until puffed and golden. Drain on paper towels. May be kept warm in 200 degree F oven up to 30 minutes., ingredients: [14 pound chorizo sausage, skinned and finely chopped, Bunuelo Dough, Oil, for frying, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons butter, 38 teaspoon salt, 1 cup flour, 2 eggs], title: Chorizo Puffs BunUelos de Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 5248: {instructions: Place the flour, pepper, garlic salt and salt in a large plastic resealable bag, and shake to mix. Set aside 5 tablespoons of the flour mixture for later use. Add the chicken to the resealable bag and shake until evenly coated.nFill a castiron frying pan halfway with vegetable oil and heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nAdd the chicken and fry until both sides are fully browned and reach an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 7 minutes for the white meat and 14 minutes for the dark meat. Drain the fried chicken on a papertowellined plate.nDrain the oil from the frying pan, leaving behind the brown bits. Add the onions and saute over mediumhigh heat until they begin to brown, about 3 minutes. Add 3 cups of water and the reserved flour, and whisk until the gravy thickens, about 15 minutes.nPlate the chicken and pour some gravy over the top to serve., ingredients: [1 pound selfrising flour, 1 tablespoon pepper, 1 tablespoon garlic salt, 1 tablespoon salt, 5 pieces bonein chicken, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 small yellow onion, chopped], title: Fried Chicken and Gravy, picturelink: Zs1g0XEQz74Xct37WKBlRbeo7c54hO}, 5249: {instructions: For the chocolate hazelnut center: Melt the hazelnut praline paste and dark chocolate over a double boiler. Stir in the feuilletine. Stir over an ice bath until cool. Once cooled, scoop out 1 tablespoon of the mixture and roll into spheres. Reserve on a sheet pan until the marzipan is ready.nFor the marzipan: Mix the almond paste and glucose in mixer with a paddle attachment. Slowly add the powdered sugar until the consistency of stiff cookie dough. Remove from the bowl and continue mixing by hand until uniform consistency.nTo assemble: Roll out a small amount of marzipan into a flat disc. Place a sphere of chocolate hazelnut in the middle of the marzipan disc. Fold up he marzipan over the chocolate, covering the center completely., ingredients: [6 ounces hazelnut praline paste, 4 ounces dark chocolate, 58 percent, 1 ounce feuilletine, 8 ounces almond paste, 2 ounces glucose, 6 ounces powdered sugar, sifted], title: Chocolate Praline Brains, picturelink: null}, 5250: {instructions: Bring a large quantity of salted water to a boil. Fill another bowl with water and add ice. Add the parsley to the boiling water and blanch until softened, about 2 minutes. Transfer to the ice water. When cold, drain and squeeze the parsley well to remove as much water as possible. Transfer to a blender and add the salt and sugar. Start the machine, and add the oil in a thin, steady stream. Blend until the blender jar feels slightly warm, 3 to 5 minutes.nTo make the parsnips, combine them and the garlic in a large saucepan, then add water to cover and a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer until the point of a knife inserted into the parsnips meets no resistance, about 25 minutes. Drain, transfer to a food processor, and puree. Add the honey and butter and season with salt and pepper to taste. Pulse to blend. Keep warm.nTo make the venison, combine the fennel, coriander, cardamom, and black pepper on a large plate and mix. Season the venison with the salt to taste and roll it lightly in the spice mixture to coat evenly.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. Add the oil and swirl to coat the pan. Add the venison and sear it, turning once, about 8 minutes for mediumrare. Allow the meat to rest for 5 minutes, then slice into 6 pieces each.nPLATING: Divide the puree among 4 serving plates. Surround each portion with 3 upright pieces of the venison, drizzle over the parsley oil, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cups canola oil, 4 cups peeled parsnips cut into 1inch dice about 1 12 pounds parsnips, 5 garlic cloves, peeled, Salt, 1 tablespoon lychee honey or other honey, 4 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ground fennel, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cardamom, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 venison tenderloins about 8 ounces each, membrane removed, frozen, Salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 tablespoons Parsley Oil], title: Spiced Venison with Parsnip Puree and Parsley Oil, picturelink: null}, 5251: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nUsing a reamer, juice the blood oranges into a strainer placed over a bowl. With the back of the spoon work the pulp against the strainer to extract all of the juice, about 14 cup.nIn a small pitcher combine the blood orange juice, lemon juice, bitters, and the chilled cava. Give it a little stir. Pour into a chilled champagne flute. Garnish with a thin slice of blood orange., ingredients: [2 blood oranges, plus 1 thin slice, for garnish, Splash of fresh lemon juice, Splash of bitters, 12 cup chilled cava], title: Cava Cocktail, picturelink: P5788Kb3QqZZf69s5EYiS2gWF2G6Tse}, 5252: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine half the barbeque sauce with half the pomegranate juice and add the agave, to taste. Bring to a simmer over mediumlow heat and reduce until thick, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line the bottom of a braising or roasting pan with the orange slices.nBrush the reduced sauce onto the short ribs and sear in a saute pan over high heat until the sugars are nice and caramelized. Place the meat into the braising pan with the orange slices. Pour in the remaining barbeque sauce and pomegranate juice and enough water to cover the meat completely. Cover with aluminum foil and cook until the meat is tender and falling off the bone, up to 4 hours, checking often., ingredients: [12 gallon pomegranate juice, 12 gallon barbeque sauce, your choice, Agave nectar, 6 oranges, sliced, 6 6ounce beef short ribs], title: Braised Beef Short Ribs in a Pomegranate Barbeque Sauce, picturelink: uSizfBu9ogMNxx3KRoaNTnO6..Ui4mG}, 5253: {instructions: In a large bowl sift dry ingredients together. In another bowl mix the brown sugar, corn oil, water, maple syrup, applesauce, cider vinegar and vanilla. Add the dry ingredients to the wet and mix for 2 minutes.nBake in floured and oiled 10inch cake pan at 350 degrees 275 convection for 30 to 40 minutes.nCool and frost with Nondairy German Chocolate Frosting, ingredients: [2 13 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 23 cup cocoa powder, 23 cup maple or brown sugar, 23 cup unrefined corn oil, 1 cup water, 34 cup and 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 23 cup applesauce, 1 14 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 12 teaspoons vanilla], title: NonDairy Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 5254: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the macaroni and cook for 8 to 9 minutes, until al dente. Drain.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan heat the milk with the thyme sprigs and 2 garlic cloves. Melt the butter in a large, deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Whisk in the flour and cook for about 1 minute, stirring constantly, to keep lumps from forming. Strain the solids out of the milk and whisk it into the butter and flour mixture. Continue to whisk vigorously, and cook until the mixture is nice and smooth. Stir in the 4 cups of the cheese and continue to cook and stir to melt the cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cooked macaroni and the parsley and fold that all in to coat the macaroni with the cheese mixture. Scrape into a 3quart baking dish and sprinkle with the remaining 1 12 cups cheese. Bake for 30 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.nWhile that bakes, heat a saute pan. Add the bacon, render the fat and cook until crispy. Add onion, garlic and thyme leaves and cook for about 5 minutes to soften the onion. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, scatter the bacon mixture over the mac and cheese. Use a big spoon to scoop out servings, making sure you get some of the smoking bacon mixture on each spoonful., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 4 cups milk, 2 or 3 sprigs thyme, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and divided, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 12 cups shredded sharp white Cheddar, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 4 slices bacon, cut crosswise into thin strips, 1 large onion, diced, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, Leaves from 14 bunch fresh thyme], title: Mac N Cheese with Bacon and Cheese, picturelink: UERE1LvI0w9xRVudQCFU5TSF9uFVW5O}, 5255: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo skewersnPeel and core the pineapple, reserve the core. Cut the pineapple into about 1 12inch chunks and roughly chop the core. Set the pineapple chunks aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine the pineapple core, 34 cup of water, allspice, ginger, cinnamon, and star anise. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, stir together the sugar, corn syrup, and just enough water so that it resembles wet sand. Place the pan over medium to mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring, until the mixture begins to boil. Stop stirring and continue to cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and carefully add in the spice mixture. Stir the caramel, return it to medium heat, and simmer until reduced to a glaze, about 8 minutes. Set the caramel aside and let cool slightly. Strain the caramel into a bowl and discard the solids.nAdd the pineapple chunks to the caramel and toss to combine. Marinate at room temperature for an hour or refrigerate overnight.nPut the toasted coconut on a plate. Using a fork, remove the pineapple chunks from the caramel. Working with one chunk at a time, roll the pineapple in the coconut, pressing it on. Thread the coconutcoated pineapple chunks onto the ends of the skewers, about 1 or 2 per skewer. Transfer to a serving platter and strew the mint over the top. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pineapple about 5 pounds, trimmed, 34 cup water, plus more as needed, 6 whole allspice, 4 thin ginger, One 3inch long cinnamon stick, 1 whole star anise, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, Toasted sweetened coconut flakes, as needed, Thinly sliced fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Pineapple Skewers with Coconut and Mint, picturelink: null}, 5256: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nRinse the chicken inside and out and pat dry. Generously sprinkle salt and pepper inside the cavity, and then add the rosemary, thyme, onion, garlic and lemon. Once the herbs are inside the cavity, truss the chicken.nPlace the chicken in a roasting pan and rub olive oil over the skin. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, and then place in the oven for 15 minutes.nAfter 15 minutes, take the chicken out and add the potatoes, shallots and carrots to the pan. Roast until the juices run clear, another 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest on a carving board for about 10 minutes.nWhile the chicken is resting, remove the vegetables from the pan and drain most of the chicken fat. On medium heat, add the escarole to the pan and saute until wilted halfway. Combine the Dijon mustard, vegetables and escarole into a serving dish. Carve the chicken, place on top and serve., ingredients: [1 whole chicken 3 12 to 4 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 onion, cut in half, 12 head garlic, 12 lemon, cut in half, Olive oil, 6 small Yukon gold potatoes, cut in half, 6 whole shallots, peeled, 2 carrots, peeled and cut on the bias, 2 heads escarole, rinsed, and cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard], title: Roast Chicken with Potatoes and Vegetables, picturelink: E.NCDOh56l5QjBzjNoiMXpcT3caX9i}, 5257: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to medium. Put orange juice in a medium saucepan and cook until reduced by half. Add the blackberries and cook for 2 minutes. Strain the mixture into a bowl. Place the blackberries in another bowl and set aside.nMix together all the spices and rub the skin side of the duck with some of the rub. Season breasts with salt and drizzle with oil. Grill, rub side down until a crust forms, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the breasts over and continue cooking to medium doneness, brushing with some of the orangeblackberry glaze every minute or so. Transfer to a large platter.nBrush the cut side of the peaches with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the peaches, cut side down until slightly charred about 2 minutes. Turn over and grill for another minute. Arrange cut side up around the duck, or on another platter. Spoon some goat cheese into the peach hollows, scatter the arugula and pecans over, and then some of the cooked blackberries. Serve the remaining berries with the duck and peaches, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups orange juice, 1 pint blackberries, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon chili de arbol, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoons fivespice powder, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 4 duck breasts, scored, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, Ripe peaches, halved and pitted, 8 ounces goat cheese, cut into pieces, softened, 2 cups baby arugula, 12 cup coarsely chopped pecans, toasted], title: Spice Rubbed Grilled Duck Breast with Grilled Peach and Goat Cheese Salad, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 5258: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 F degrees.nIn a bowl, combine the cream cheese and feta, mashing and stirring with a fork until well blended. Add the scallions and spinach and combine well. Spread the mixture evenly over 1 salmon fillet. The filling will be about 34inch thick. Top with the second salmon fillet. Brush both sides with olive oil, turning over carefully with a spatula, and place on a shallow baking pan. Bake for 20 minutes test for doneness with a toothpick. To serve, slice carefully with a sharp, serrated knife., ingredients: [3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 34 cup crumbled feta, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, including the crisp part of the green, 12 cup fresh spinach, chopped, 34 pound salmon fillets, cut into 2 pieces, Olive oil], title: FetaSpinach Salmon Roast, picturelink: null}, 5259: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace pita triangles on a large baking sheet and spray the surface with cooking spray. Season the tops with garlic salt. Bake 6 to 8 minutes, until golden brown and crisp.nMeanwhile, rinse and drain 1 can of the chickpeas. Place drained chickpeas in a blender and add red peppers, tahini, lemon juice, garlic, and cumin. Process until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl and top with parsley.nServe hummus with toasted pita triangles arranged alongside., ingredients: [4 wholewheat pita pockets, cut into triangles, Cooking spray, Garlic salt, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained, 1 cup sauteed red peppers, 14 cup tahini sesame paste, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Red Pepper Hummus with Toasted Pita Triangles, picturelink: zwlJbQVogWII5RK4qJ0K7SmalGJtPy}, 5260: {instructions: Special equipment: a 26by18by1inch baking sheetnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 26by18by1inch baking sheet with nonstick spray and line with parchment paper, leaving a 1inch overhang over the sides. Spray the parchment with nonstick spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and salt set aside.nIn a stand mixer, beat the butter and sugars together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the eggs 1 at a time, then the vanilla extract until completely incorporated. Add the flour mixture a cup at a time and beat until combined.nRemove the bowl from the stand and use a rubber spatula to fold in the chocolate chips and cherries. Press the dough evenly into the prepared pan and bake until cooked through, about 30 minutes. Cool on a rack to room temperature, about 20 minutes.nPour the Chocolate Ganache over the brownies and let cool. Cut into 32 rectangleshaped cookie bars.nPut the chocolate chips in a medium bowl and set aside. In a small saucepan, heat the heavy cream over medium heat until small bubbles form around the edge of the pan, about 3 minutes. Pour the heavy cream over the chocolate and stir until completely melted and smooth., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan and parchment, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups extradark chocolate chips, 1 12 cups chopped fresh cherries or substitute frozen or drained jarred, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, 6 ounces dark chocolate chips, 23 cup heavy cream], title: Big Slab Brownie Bars, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 5261: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the tops off the jalapeno peppers and clean out the core and seeds. Place them upright in an armadillo jalapeno cooker available online. Alternatively, cut holes to fit the jalapenos in the bottom of a disposable aluminum baking pan and invert it onto a baking sheet.nFor the huevo ranchero filling:nBeat the eggs and stir in the salsa, half the jack cheese, and salt and pepper, to taste. Fill 8 of the peppers 34 full and top with the remaining jack cheese and crushed chips.nFor the sausage pizza filling:nMix together the pizza sauce, crumbled sausage, and half the mozzarella. Fill 8 of the jalapenos and top with the remaining mozzarella.nFor the peanut butter filling:nPut the peanut butter into a plastic bag and cut off a corner to make a pastry bag. Squeeze the peanut butter into the remaining peppers making sure that they are filled all the way down. Top with a spoonful of jelly.nBake the poppers for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the peppers are soft., ingredients: [24 jalapeno peppers, 3 large eggs, 12 cup salsa, 12 cup grated jack cheese, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tortilla chips, crushed, 1 cup pizza sauce, 1 Italian sausage, cooked and crumbled, 12 cup grated mozzarella, 1 cup chunky peanut butter, 14 cup of your favorite jelly], title: Jalapeno Poppers Three Ways, picturelink: 9nBWRpuGPrrOMJK8Sznmp245LWM6G}, 5262: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn an 8quart soup pot, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the celery, carrots, garlic and shallots, and saute until just tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Deglaze with the sherry, and then add in the stock, bay leaves and thyme. Add in the chicken, bring to a simmer and cook until the chicken is cooked through, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the chicken and let it cool. Simmer the soup for 10 minutes more. Season, and remove the thyme and bay leaves.nShred the cooled chicken. Add any accumulated juices from the chicken plate back to the pot along with the lemon zest and juice. Add in the butter and adjust seasoning.nPortion the orzo and shredded chicken into 4 bowls. Ladle the soup over and garnish with the tarragon and a lemon wedge. Serve with a ton of butter crackers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 celery stalks, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 shallots, diced, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 gallon good chicken stock, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 2 chicken breasts, bonein, skin on, Zest of 2 lemons, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup orzo, cooked until al dente according to package directions, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, chopped, Lemon wedges, for garnishing, Butter crackers, such as Ritz, for garnishing], title: Chicken Lemon Orzo Soup, picturelink: mkuI1rTo8Wx5XhJmINwMD4YmlBb4TSG}, 5263: {instructions: Make the sauce: In a food processor or using an immersion blender, puree the tomatoes to a smooth, creamy consistency. If you would like a more country feel, you can wait and break them up in the pan later with a wooden spoon.nIn a large saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the onion and saute 5 to 6 minutes, or until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, until you see the color start changing. If youu00bfd like to make the sauce spicy, add the red pepper flakes.nAdd the tomatoes and season with kosher salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer for about 30 minutes. If you did not puree the tomatoes, use a wooden spoon to break them into pieces while they cook. Strive for balance in the consistency of the sauce. It has to be fluid, but it should not look overly wet. Add the torn basil and remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, fry the eggplant: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pour 2 inches of canola oil into a large heavybottomed pot or highsided skillet. Heat over high heat until a deepfry thermometer reads 360 degrees F. You can also test by adding a small piece of bread to the oil. If it fries and browns, the oil is ready. In a shallow dish, whisk together the flour, 1 teaspoon sea salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Working in batches of approximately 8 slices each, dredge the eggplant slices in the flour mixture and add them to the hot oil. Fry for 1 to 2 minutes each, until browned. Using tongs, transfer the eggplant to a baking sheet lined with paper towels to let cool.nIn two 9by13inch baking dishes, place 1 layer of eggplant slices. Brush each with a thin layer of sauce, top with a layer of mozzarella, 2 tablespoons ParmigianoReggiano and a sprinkle of basil leaves. Repeat the layering two more times. Make a final layer of sauce, mozzarella and ParmigianoReggiano. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until bubbling and golden on top. Garnish with a final sprinkling of basil and ParmigianoReggiano and a small drizzle of olive oil.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes Pelati, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 red onion, medium diced, 6 cloves garlic, cut into chunks, 2 pinches of red pepper flakes optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup torn fresh basil, Canola oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 medium eggplants, cut into 14inchthick slices, 34 pound partskim mozzarella cheese, freshly shredded, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, plus more for garnish, 1 12 cups fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Eggplant Parmesan, picturelink: jEVrV9LgoJAmxoYTnjitTxL1GGLa}, 5264: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the radicchio and saute until wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the beans and broth, and cook until the beans are heated through, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Season the radicchio mixture, to taste, with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons of oil in a 14inch or 2 smaller nonstick frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the fillets with salt and pepper. Dredge the fillets in flour to coat completely. Shake of the excess flour and fry 3 fillets in each pan until they are golden brown and just cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.nSpoon the radicchio mixture over the center of the plates. Top with the fillets. Drizzle the vinaigrette over and serve immediately.nBlend the lemon juice, parsley, garlic, lemon zest, salt, and pepper in a blender. With the machine running, gradually blend in the oil. Season the vinaigrette, to taste, with more salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 large head radicchio about 12 ounces, coarsely chopped, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 13 cup fish broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 5 to 6ounce whitefish fillets, such as tilapia, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup lightly packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Whitefish with Lemon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 5265: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nClean the mushrooms by brushing the tops with a clean sponge. Dont wash them Remove and discard the stems and slice the caps 14 to 12 inch thick. In a large saute pan, heat the butter and 2 tablespoons of the olive oil until bubbly. Add the mushrooms, salt, and pepper to the pan, and saute for 3 minutes over medium heat, tossing frequently. Reduce the heat to low and saute for another 2 to 3 minutes, until cooked through.nMeanwhile, arrange the arugula on 4 lunch plates or on a platter and cover each portion with 2 slices of prosciutto. When the mushrooms are cooked, add the sherry vinegar and the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil to the hot pan. Spoon the mushrooms and sauce on top of the prosciutto. With a vegetable peeler, make large shavings of Parmesan cheese and place on top of the hot mushrooms. Sprinkle with the sundried tomatoes, parsley leaves, salt, and pepper, and serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound cremini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons good olive oil, divided, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 bunches of fresh arugula, washed and spun dry, 8 slices good Italian prosciutto, 2 tablespoons sherry wine vinegar, Chunk of Parmesan cheese, 8 sundried tomatoes in oil, drained and julienned, Fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Warm Mushroom Salad, picturelink: .QyS5xsszWkhZiRQJPJVVflvMEg9mIW}, 5266: {instructions: Bring 4 cups of water to boil and add rice and 2 teaspoons salt to the water. Return to a boil, reduce heat, cover and let cook without removing cover, for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let rest for 5 minutes.nWhile the rice is cooking, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large saute pan and saute the onion until it begins to turn translucent. Season salmon fillets with salt and pepper and sear each side, beginning the skin side first, leaving each side undisturbed for the first 2 minutes or so to allow the flavors to integrate into the surface of the fish and for the caramelization process to begin. Cook further until the fish flakes, approximately another 6 to 8 minutes, remove from heat and let rest.nHeat oil in deep fryer to 375 degrees F or according to the manufacturers directions for similar food.nMix rice, crab boil seasoning, mayonnaise, parsley and lemon juice. Fold in flaked salmon and form into 34inch diameter cocktail size balls.nTo make tempura, mix flour, cornstarch, baking powder, chopped chives in a bowl and add seltzer in a stream while whisking constantly. Season with salt and pepper. Place salmon balls on a slotted spoon and, holding over the bowl, ladle some tempura batter over each. Transfer to the deepfryer basket and fry until golden.nCombine all the Dipping Sauce ingredients and serve with the fritters., ingredients: [4 cups water, 2 cups rice, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon canola oil, plus 1 quart approximately, as needed for deepfrying, 1 large red onion, minced, 2 pounds salmon fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 18 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon chives, minced, fresh, 8 ounces cold seltzer, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon minced fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Salmon Rice Fritters, picturelink: cSTbbKHkN5PMJvHd9ieoj3HevTJS9re}, 5267: {instructions: Liberally season the prime rib with the salt and some pepper and refrigerate overnight.nAn hour before cooking, remove the roast from the refrigerator to allow it to come to room temperature.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the reserved ribs in a roasting pan bowedside up the ribs will be acting as the roasting rack. Scatter any fat and meat trimmings in the pan around the bones. Roast the bones and trimmings for about 30 minutes, or until the fat starts to render.nRemove the pan from the oven, put the rosemary sprigs on top of the bones, then top with the prime rib. Put the smashed garlic in the bottom of the pan with the trimmings. Baste the beef with the fat drippings and return the pan to the oven.nCook for 30 minutes and then baste the roast again.nReduce the heat to 350 degrees F and cook until the meat is medium rare an internal temperature of 125 degrees F to 130 degrees F, about 1 hour, 15 minutes, basting the roast every 30 minutes until it is done. Keep in mind that the roast will continue to cook while resting.nRemove the roast from the oven and put it on a cutting board to rest, uncovered, for 20 minutes. Slice the prime rib to the desired thickness and garnish with the arugula and olive oil.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 4bone prime rib, bones and excess fat removed and reserved, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled, smashed, 4 ounces arugula optional, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil optional], title: Prime Rib, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 5268: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dipping sauce:nIn a small bowl, mash the blue cheese into the buttermilk and sour cream. Mix in the sugar and the apple cider vinegar, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the seasoning:nMix the dry rub, salt, and cayenne together in a small bowl.nPreheat deepfryer with peanut oil to 350 degrees F.nFor the wings:nAdd the wings to a large mixing bowl and season with the lemonpepper seasoning and toss to coat. Allow to sit for a few minutes, so flavors can permeate into the chicken.nAdd the wings to the deepfryer and fry until cooked through and golden and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. You may need to do this in batches.nMeanwhile, while wings are frying, melt butter in small saucepan over mediumlow heat with the garlic. Transfer to a large bowl and whisk in the hot sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce until combined.nRemove wings from fryer and drain on a paper towel lined sheet tray. Immediately sprinkle with the seasoning.nAdd fried wings to the large bowl of sauce and toss until well combined and wings are well coated. Serve immediately after tossing the wings with the sauce. Serve with the blue cheese dipping sauce and celery and carrot sticks., ingredients: [14 cup Danish blue cheese, crumbled, 14 cup buttermilk, 13 cup sour cream, 14 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons Neelys Dry Rub, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Peanut oil, for frying, 3 pounds chicken wings, cut at joint, washed and dried, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemonpepper seasoning, 4 tablespoons salted butter, 1 clove minced garlic, 12 cup hot sauce recommend: Texas Petes, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Carrot and Celery Sticks, for serving], title: Pats Famous Hot Wings, picturelink: 9IKY5XxdsYs8KILYxVmbWL90rSiv4jy}, 5269: {instructions: Sprinkle the steak all over with 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper, and then with the rosemary and cumin. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes before cooking.nPlace a 5quart pot over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Once the oil is hot, add the steak, in batches if necessary, and brown on both sides, 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and set aside.nLower the heat to medium and add the onions, tomatoes, serranos, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Saute for about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms, garlic and another 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and saute for 2 minutes more. Return the steak with its juices to the pot, along with the broth, beans, bay leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and 1 cup water. Stir to combine. Allow to come up to a simmer, then turn the heat to very low, cover with a tightfitting lid, and simmer for 1 hour. Taste and add salt if necessary. Fish out and discard the serrano chiles.nDivide the steak and the mushroombean broth among 4 shallow bowls. Garnish with the chopped cilantro, sliced radishes and lime wedges. Serve with your favorite tortillas and enjoy, ingredients: [2 pounds flank steak, cut into 4 even pieces, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, rubbed between the palms of your hands to release the oils, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups chopped sweet onion, 1 cup chopped tomato, 2 serrano chiles, slit down the middle but kept whole, 3 cups sliced cremini mushrooms, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 3 cups beef broth, One 15ounce can pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 limes, cut into wedges, Tortillas, for serving], title: Carne en su Jugo, picturelink: GJel6ARl39sHuty.GFaH3WAkE2aj8hy}, 5270: {instructions: Follow the instructions on the package for the tofu purses and boil the individual packets for 5 minutes. Remove the packets from the boiling water and allow the packages to cool. Open the packages and remove the fried tofu pockets. Fold the mouths of the packages inward to about 14 depth of the pouch to make purses. Fill the purses with sushi rice and a variety of other vegetables and garnishes to suit your taste., ingredients: [1 package deep fried tofu purses, aka aburaagedofu available in Asian supermakets, 3 cups sushi rice, recipe follows, 3 cups enoki mushrooms, 3 cups scallions, sliced on the bias, 3 cups carrots, julienne, 3 cups sesame seeds, toasted], title: Tofu Purses, picturelink: null}, 5271: {instructions: Using a sharp knife, score the fish on each side. Season the inside with salt and pepper, and place 2 or 3 lemon slices inside the cavity of the fish. Rub the outside of each fish with the slice of ginger, and season the outside of the fish with salt and pepper. Wrap each fish with enough pancetta to cover the flesh, by laying the pancetta side by side in a shingled rectangle, and rolling the fish up in it.nPrepare an outdoor grill or preheat the broiler. If cooking outdoors, spray the grill with nonstick cooking spray. Grill the fillets over high heat, turning once, until the pancetta is crispy, about 4 to 6 minutes per side or until the fish is cooked through.nPlating: On a large oval plate, place a mound of the Three Cabbage Rice Salad and top with fish. Drizzle with a little reserved vinaigrette and sprinkle a dash of paprika on top.nIn a large bowl, combine the mustard, vinegar, chiles, cilantro, and whisk in the oil. Put aside a couple of tablespoons, for garnish.nAdd the cabbage and scallions and toss well. Season with the salt and pepper and allow to rest to flavor, about 3 minutes. Toss with rice and check for seasoning., ingredients: [4 whole freshwater fish, such as rainbow trout, 4 small fins removed from bottom, eviscerated, and scaled, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large lemons, thinly sliced, 12 pound pancetta, sliced into thin strips, like bacon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 thick slice ginger, Three Cabbage Rice Salad, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 13 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh jalapenos, 2 tablespoons cilantro, whole leaves, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 12 cup scallions, green parts only, cut 18inch thick, 1 cup red cabbage, cut into 18inch ribbons, 1 cup green cabbage, cut into 18inch ribbons, 1 cup Napa cabbage, cut into 18inch ribbons, 2 cups cooked basmati rice, cooked with 1 teaspoon paprika, and cooled to room temperature., Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Pancetta Wrapped River Fish with Three CabbageRice Salad, picturelink: null}, 5272: {instructions: In a 2quart pot, place the eggs. Cover with water by 2 inches and salt the water liberally. Bring the water to a boil and then cover, turn off the heat, and let sit for 8 minutes.nGrate the hard boiled eggs on a cheese grater. In a small bowl, combine the eggs, mayonnaise, and cheese. Adjust the seasoning of the egg mixture with hot sauce, salt, and pepper, to taste. Layer bread with egg mixture and serve as double decker sandwiches., ingredients: [6 eggs, 12 slices Argentine migas bread sliced white bread, a couple days old, crusts removed can be used, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons very soft Roquefort, Hot pepper sauce, Salt and pepper], title: Sandwiches de Miga: Eggs and Roquefort Argentine Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 5273: {instructions: Cook the ancho chiles, sesame seeds and cumin seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat, stirring, until the seeds are toasted and the anchos are pliable, 3 minutes. Transfer the anchos to a bowl transfer the seeds to a food processor. Cover the anchos with hot water and let soften, 5 to 10 minutes drain, then remove the stems and seeds. Add the anchos to the food processor. Add the Fresno chile, garlic, scallions, parsley and cilantro leaves, olive oil, raisins and 1 tablespoon salt to the food processor. Pulse to make a paste.nRemove the neck and giblets from the turkey set aside for the gravy. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels. Work your fingers between the skin and the meat on the breast and the top of the legs. Rub the chile paste under the skin and on the outside. Stuff the parsley and cilantro stems into the cavity. Season inside and out with 1 tablespoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Put the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan tuck the wings under the body. Cover with plastic wrap refrigerate at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nPosition an oven rack in the lowest position remove the other racks preheat to 350 degrees F. Uncover the turkey and let stand at room temperature 30 minutes. Roast until a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 2 12 to 3 hours, tenting any parts that brown too quickly with foil. Meanwhile, start your gravy or serve this turkey with defatted pan drippings.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving. Serve with the gravy or pan drippings.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 dried ancho chile peppers, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 red Fresno chile pepper, stemmed and quartered, 6 cloves garlic, halved, 1 bunch scallions, roughly chopped, 14 bunch fresh parsley, leaves and stems separated, 12 small bunch fresh cilantro, leaves and stems separated, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup raisins, Kosher salt, 1 12 to 14pound turkey, thawed if frozen, Freshly ground pepper], title: AnchoRubbed Turkey, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 5274: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 24 slot mini muffin pan 1 paint brushnFor ratatouille: Saute each vegetable in olive oil separately until tender. Return the vegetables to a large saucepan, adding garlic, tomatoes, tomato juice and remaining olive oil. Reduce by two thirds or until liquid is like a paste. Season with salt and pepper and add a handful of chopped herbs. Allow to cool completely. Herb phyllo crisp: Working with phyllo can be tricky for a first time user, but if youll remember a few simple steps you will always have success.na. Never buy just one box, since some sheets are torn or matted together.nb. Make sure the box is completely thawed out before attempting any dish.nc. Always cover sheets not being used with a damp cloth towel phyllo will dry out and turn to cracker mill right before your eyes.nUnfold phyllo sheets out of the box and cover with a wet cloth. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place chopped herbs in a workable container, pour melted butter into a workable container, have your paint brush ready, then clean your work space. The idea is to layer melted butter and chopped herbs in between layers of phyllo, brush with melted butter, sprinkle with chopped herbs and repeat for 3 layers. With a sharp knife, cut 6 even strips going vertically and then cut 4 even strips horizontally, making 24 even squares.nCarefully mold each square into each space of the muffin pan until all are completed. Place in the middle rack and bake for 2 to 3 12 minutes. They cook very quickly. Remove from pan. Repeat this step until you have enough phyllo crisps for your party.nFill herb phyllo crisps with room temperature ratatouille, a small spoon of goat cheese, and you are ready to serve., ingredients: [2 large zucchini, small dice, 1 medium eggplant, small dice, 2 red peppers, small dice, 1 onion, small dice, 1 yellow squash, small dice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 16 ounce can of whole tomatoes, crushed save juice, 1 cup of olive oil, 1 10ounce log of goat cheese, One box phyllo dough, 2 sticks melted butter, 1 bunch chopped chives, 1 bunch chopped parsley], title: Herb Phyllo Crisp, picturelink: null}, 5275: {instructions: In a medium glass bowl, whisk together the onions, cilantro, olive oil, lime juice, vinegar, chiles and garlic. Add the beans and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, One 15.5ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed and drained, One 15.5ounce can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Two Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 5276: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Eight 6inch wood skewersnCombine the allspice, thyme, cinnamon, cumin, nutmeg, cayenne, black pepper and salt in a bowl. Add the shrimp and toss thoroughly.nHeat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a small nonstick skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp in a single, uncrowded layer and cook until no longer translucent in the center, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate.nHeat the remaining 1 teaspoon oil in the skillet. Add the pineapple and cook until lightly browned, about 1 minute. Turn and cook until again lightly browned on the underside, 1 minute more. Remove from the heat.nThread each skewer in the following order: mint leaf, pineapple chunk, shrimp, pineapple chunk and mint leaf. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 18 to 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon salt, 8 jumbo shrimp, tail on and peeled, One 8ounce can pineapple chunks in pineapple juice, drained, 16 fresh mint leaves, 2 teaspoons canola oil], title: Caribbean Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 5277: {instructions: Place the duck breastside up on a cutting board. Remove and reserve the giblets and discard the liver. Break down the duck and score the breasts.nPuree the shallots, ginger and coriander in a mini food processor. Season the duck legs and the meat side of the breasts with salt, pepper and 2 tablespoons of the ginger mixture. Cover and refrigerate the duck and the remaining ginger mixture while you make the stock.nMake the duck stock: Trim the excess fat from the duck bones and chop into 6 to 8 pieces. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a Dutch oven or large pot over mediumhigh heat add the bones, reserved wings and giblets and brown, turning occasionally, about 25 minutes. Add the broth and enough water to cover the bones. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, about 3 hours, skimming as needed. Strain the duck stock and skim off any excess fat from the surface. The stock can be made a day ahead. Just cover and refrigerate.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the duck legs on a rack in a roasting pan with 14 inch water. Roast until brown and crisp, about 1 hour 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat add the reserved ginger mixture and cook, stirring, until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the port and scrape up any browned bits from the pan with a wooden spoon. Boil until the mixture looks like wet sand. Add 3 cups of the duck stock and the bay leaf and simmer until the liquid reduces by about threequarters, about 45 minutes. Strain into a separate saucepan. Add the figs and heat until plump, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the butter, season generously with salt and pepper and add the vinegar. Keep the sauce warm over low heat but do not boil.nScrape the ginger mixture off the breasts. Heat a medium skillet over high heat. Place the breasts, skinside down, in the skillet and cook until the fat begins to render and the skin is golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour off the fat. Reduce the heat to low and continue cooking, removing the fat as it renders, until the skin is tight and golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Increase the heat to mediumhigh, flip the breasts and cook until the meat is lightly browned but still mediumrare, 1 to 2 more minutes.nThinly slice the breasts and cut the legs in half. Divide the meat among plates and top with the sauce and figs.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [1 6pound duck, 2 medium shallots, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced, 1 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, cracked, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup ruby port, 1 bay leaf, 6 dried black figs, stemmed and halved, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar], title: Duck with Figs and Port, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 5278: {instructions: Position 1 rack in the top 13 and another in the bottom 13 of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nSift together the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl and set aside. Melt the chocolate and butter in the top of a double boiler over hot, simmering water. Remove from the heat but keep the chocolate mixture over a bowl of hot water to ensure that the mixture does not set.nIn a small bowl, combine the vanilla extract and the espresso powder and whisk until the espresso powder is dissolved. Stir the espresso mixture into the chocolate mixture.nCombine the eggs and both sugars in the 4 12 quart bowl of a heavyduty electric mixer. Set the bowl over a pan of hot, hot simmering water. Stir with a handheld wire whisk until warm to the touch. Attach the bowl to the mixer stand. Using the wire whip attachment, whip the mixture on high speed until pale, thickened and cool, about 5 minutes. Fold into the warm chocolate mixture. Fold in the flour. Stir in the chocolate chips and pecans.nDrop the dough by rounded tablespoons onto the 2 prepared pans leaving about 1 to12 inches between the cookies. Bake for 12 to14 minutes or until the cookies are set: switch the positions of the baking sheets halfway through the baking time for even baking.nCool the cookies on the baking sheets on wire racks for about 3 minutes, then transfer the cookies to wire racks to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 11 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, 3 large eggs, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 ounces about 2 cups chocolate chips, 1 34 cups chopped pecans], title: Double Chocolate Chip Cookies with Pecans, picturelink: null}, 5279: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nIn a small skillet cook the shallots in the butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until golden.nIn a large bowl combine the shallot mixture, hazelnuts, farfallini, tarragon and chives. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nTransfer the mixture to a buttered gratin dish, add a little broth to moisten and top with bread crumb mixture. Drizzle with remaining butter. Bake in the oven for 20 minutes, or until golden and just heated through., ingredients: [1 cup shallots, minced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups toasted hazelnuts, coarsely chopped, 34 pound farfallini, cooked and drained, 3 tablespoons fresh tarragon, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, minced, Salt and pepper to taste, Chicken broth, as needed, 14 cup buttered bread crumbs mixed with, 1 tablespoon melted butter], title: Farfallini with Toasted Hazelnut and Herb Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 5280: {instructions: Bring 4 cups water to a boil over high heat in a medium saucepan. Add the tea bags and remove from the heat. Let the tea bags steep for 5 minutes. Stir in the sugar while still warm so that the sugar will dissolve. Refrigerate until cold, at least 30 minutes.nnPut the cold tea, halfandhalf, berries and a few cups of ice cubes in a blender and blend until smooth. Divide the drink among 4 tall glasses., ingredients: [5 red tea bags or red zinger, 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar or honey or more if youprefer your tea drinks a bit sweeter, 14 cup halfandhalf or 1percent milk, One 10ounce bag frozen mixed berries, thawed, Ice cubes], title: SmoothTEA, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 5281: {instructions: In a large container, mix together the pineapple juice, orange juice, and honey. Marinate the quail in this mixture overnight, refrigerated.nStuff each marinated quail with a small rolled ball of the hot sausage. Dust each quail lightly with Everglades Seasoning, then wrap each quail with a strip of bacon and secure with a toothpick. Smoke the quail over indirect heat for 2 to 3 hours., ingredients: [2 cans pineapple juice, 1 can frozen orange juice, from concentrate, 1 cup honey, 6 quail, plucked and cleaned, 12 pound ground hot sausage, Everglades Seasoning, 6 strips bacon], title: Quail Stuffed with Sausage, picturelink: null}, 5282: {instructions: Slice spaghetti squash in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon and clean as you would a pumpkin. Completely submerge 1 half at a time, in a large pot of boiling water and cook for about 20 minutes until the inside is just tender to a fork and pulls apart in strands. Cooks Note: It is better to undercook if youre not sure. Remove, drain and cool with cold water or ice bath to stop the cooking.nScoop out the cooked squash from its skin with a spoon as you would an avocado and discard the skin. Use a fork to fluff and separate the squash into spaghetti like strands. You can also use your hands. Reserve the separated cooked squash and dip with a strainer into boiling water to reheat just before serving.nMelt half the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add cream and reduce for about 2 minutes, then add garlic and cheese and whisk quickly, heating through. Stir in the rest of the butter and parsley. Place spaghetti squash in a large serving bowl, and pour Alfredo sauce over squash. Garnish with basil and tomatoes. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [12 medium spaghetti squash, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Fresh basil leaves, Grape or cherry tomatoes, sliced in 12], title: Spaghetti Squash Alfredo, picturelink: null}, 5283: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil. Add the sauerkraut, onions, caraway seeds and a 12 cup of water cook, covered, until the liquid evaporates and the sauerkraut and onions are very tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool completely.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. Cut the kielbasa into 2 8inch lengths, then cut the pizza dough in 12. On a lightly floured surface, roll out each 12 of dough into a rectangle about 2 inches longer than the kielbasa and wide enough to wrap around it. Spoon 12 of the sauerkraut mixture down the center of each piece of dough, then place a kielbasa half on the sauerkraut. Fold up the dough to enclose the kielbasa completely, pinching the edges to seal. Transfer to an ungreased baking sheet. Bake until golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Cut into slices serve warm or at room temperature, with honey mustard on the side., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 1 1pound bag sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 pound lowfat turkey kielbasa, 1 10ounce can refrigerated pizza dough, 1 cup honey mustard], title: Saucisson en Croute, picturelink: null}, 5284: {instructions: Combine the paprika, cumin and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a small bowl. Rub one side of the fish fillets with the spice mixture.nWhisk the salsa verde, vinegar, sour cream, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the coleslaw mix and blackeyed peas and toss. Add the lettuce to the bowl but dont toss.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 fish fillets, spiceside down, and cook until nicely blackened, 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully turn the fillets and continue cooking until the fish is firm and flaky, 2 to 3 more minutes. Remove to a plate and keep warm. Repeat with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and 2 fish fillets.nToss the salad and season with salt and pepper. Serve the fish with the salad and cornbread.nPer serving: Calories 397 Total Fat 16 grams Saturated Fat 3 grams Protein 42 grams Total Carbohydrate 24 grams Fiber 8 grams Cholesterol 90 milligrams Sodium 440 milligramsnPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [1 tablespoon paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce tilapia fillets, 13 cup jarred salsa verde, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups shredded coleslaw mix one 14ounce bag, 1 15ounce can blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 6 cups chopped romaine lettuce about 1 small head lettuce, Cornbread, for serving optional], title: Blackened Tilapia With BlackEyed Pea Salad, picturelink: R.0qPcCDOlMmBclNFRDjMsSouYmR4K}, 5285: {instructions: In a large roasting pan, or the bottom of a smoker, place a single layer of soaked wood chips. Place a 2inch perforated pan or grill insert on top of the wood chips. Place the sliced tomatoes on top of the perforated pan or grill insert. Cover with foil, or the top of the smoker. Place on top of a burner, on medium heat. Smoke for 15 minutes. Remove tomato slices from pan and set aside.nIn a nonstick pan, cook the eggs sunnyside up. Put eggs on a cookie sheet and cover each with a layer of poblano peppers, grilled red onion, and smoked tomatoes. Cover with Monterey Jack. Cook in oven until cheese is melted. Transfer to platter and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup of wood chips for smoking, soaked in warm water for at least 20 minutes, 2 large, ripe tomatoes, sliced into 14 inch slices, 6 eggs, 2 poblano peppers roasted, seeded, and deveined, 1 red onion sliced in 18inch rings, grilled, 14 cup Monterey Jack, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro], title: Eggs Meigas Style, picturelink: null}, 5286: {instructions: For the veal: Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan until almost smoking. Sear the chops on both sides until golden brown. Place them in the oven and continue cooking for 5 to 7 minutes for medium doneness. Remove the chops to a plate.nRemove all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the pan and place over high heat on the stove. Add the shallot and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the stock and cook until reduced by half. Add the fresh thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the chops on a plate and pour the sauce over.nFor the peas and carrots: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt butter in a medium sauce pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the carrots and garlic and cook until the carrots are slightly softened. Add the stock and thyme, cover the pan and bring to a simmer. Place the carrots in the oven and cook for 15 minutes. Remove the lid and continue cooking for 10 to 15 minutes, add peas during the last 5 minutes of cooking.nSlice a slit horizontally in the side of each chop. Place 2 slices of fontina, 1 slice of pancetta and a quarter of the mushrooms in each opening. Season each chop on both sides with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the mushrooms into 14inch thick slices. Heat the oil in a large saute pan until almost smoking. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper and cook until golden brown. Add the garlic and thyme and continue cooking for 2 minutes. Set aside and let cool., ingredients: [4 10ounce veal chops, bone in, 8 thin slices Fontina, 4 slices thinly sliced pancetta, Sauteed mushrooms, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup veal or chicken stock, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound carrots, peeled and cut on the bias into 14 inch thick slices, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed or fresh peas, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms soaked in hot water for 30 minutes and chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely sliced, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme], title: Veal Chops Stuffed with Fontina, Pancetta, and Porcinis and served with Braised Peas and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 5287: {instructions: Crust:nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the flour, pretzels, salt, and butter until texture is crumbly. Add water, and mix well. Roll with rolling pin until you have a nice thin even crust, large enough for a deepdish pie plate. Place in pie plate crust is very fragile and will fall apart but pinches back together nicely flute edges, poke with fork and bake for 12 minutes. Cool completely.nFilling:nIn medium mixing bowl, combine cream cheese, powdered sugar, and 1 cup whipped topping. Spread cream cheese mixture on top of the cooled pretzel crust. Slice bananas on top of cheese mixture. Mix pudding and milk, pour immediately over bananas. Top with remaining 3 cups whipped topping. Refrigerate for 1 hour before serving and garnish with crushed pretzels., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup finely crushed pretzels, butter flavored pretzels suggested, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 9 tablespoons butter or butter flavored shortening, room temperature, 3 tablespoons ice cold water, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup whipped topping, plus 3 cups, 4 large bananas, sliced, 1 3ounce package instant vanilla pudding, 1 14 cups milk], title: Banana Cream Pie with a Pretzel Crust, picturelink: null}, 5288: {instructions: Boil the noodles according to package instructions. Drain in a colander in the sink and rinse under cold running water. Shake the colander to drain off excess water and pat the noodles dry with a towel. Heat 14 cup of the peanut oil in a large seasoned or nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the noodles, spreading them out to evenly cover the skillet, and fry, turning once, until golden brown and crispy, about 8 minutes. Break the noodles up, by stirring, near the end of the cooking. Transfer noodles to a paper towellined plate and season with salt to taste. Set aside. Discard any excess oil and wipe out the pan. Whisk together the chicken broth, oyster sauce, soy sauce, cornstarch, and sugar in a small bowl, and set aside. Season the chicken with the dark sesame oil, salt, and pepper, and set aside. Heat the skillet over high heat. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil until very hot. Add the ginger, garlic, and scallion and stirfry, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the chicken and stirfry, until lightly browned, about 1 12 minutes. Add the onion, celery, and mushrooms and stirfry, until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Add the water chestnuts and spread the ingredients to the outside of the pan to form a well in the center. Pour the chicken broth mixture into the well, bring to a boil, and stir to coat the chow mein mixture. Stir in the bean sprouts and remove from the heat. Season generously to taste with pepper. Transfer chicken chow mein to a warm platter and top with the fried noodles. Serve immediately with rice. Pass more soy sauce at the table.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [3 ounces dried chuka soba noodles, or other Chinese egg noodles, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons peanut oil, Kosher salt, 12 cup chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned, 3 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, plus more for the table, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 boneless, skinless chicken breast about 6 ounces, cut into thin 2inchlong strips, 1 teaspoon dark Asian sesame oil, 1 heaping tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 scallion, white and green minced, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 10 dried shittake mushrooms, rehydrated, drained, and thinly sliced, 13 cup thinly sliced canned water chestnuts, 6 ounces fresh mung bean sprouts, 3 cups cooked white rice, hot], title: Chicken Chow Mein, picturelink: null}, 5289: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the shallots, potatoes and zucchini. Drizzle with the olive oil and mix again. Add the sliced garlic, rosemary and salt and toss to coat vegetables.nTear off a piece of foil large enough to hold the vegetables. Place the vegetables on the foil and bring fold up the sides to form a room pouch. Place the foil pouch on a hot grill or in a preheated 425 degrees F oven and roast until potatoes are tender and caramelized, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [5 shallots, peeled and quartered, 12 baby new potatoes, quartered, 4 medium zucchini, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 sprigs rosemary, leaves removed, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Foil Wrapped Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 5290: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the bananas into 12inch wide pieces.nHeat the margarine in a large saucepan over low heat. Cook the bananas for 3 to 4 minutes, then add the brown sugar and liqueur. Saute for about 3 more minutes. Let it cool for about 15 minutes.nAdd the cream cheese to a large bowl. Fold in the banana mixture and set aside.nSlice the bread into 1inch thick pieces.nBatter:nMix all the ingredients with a burr mixer, or electric mixer in a medium shallow bowlnAdd the banana mixture, about 1 12 inches high on half of the bread slices, then top with a second piece of bread.nWrap in plastic wrap and let chill for about 15 minutes. Remove from the refrigerator and cut each sandwich, diagonally, into 2 pieces.nHeat a large skillet, coated with clarified margarine, over medium heat.nDunk the sandwiches into the French toast batter and panfry on all sides. Keep warm. Start making the compote.nPut the blueberries in a saute pan, over medium heat. Add 1 cup of water and 1 pound of brown sugar. Bring to a boil and add the cornstarch slurry. Cook until the sauce becomes thick and coats the back of a spoon.nAdd the strawberries and cook for about 1 minute. Do not overcook.nAfter the sauce and the stuffed French toast are cooked, put 1 triangle on a serving plate. Shingle a second triangle on top of the first and drizzle with some of the compote. Repeat with remaining French toast and serve.nGrab a fork and dig in., ingredients: [5 pounds bananas, turning brown, peeled, 2 ounces margarine, plus clarified margarine, for frying, 1 pound brown sugar, 2 ounces hazelnut liqueur, 1 12 pounds cream cheese, softened, Fresh challah bread, 1 gallon eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1ounce ground nutmeg, 2 ounces ground cinnamon, 1 cup sugar, 2 pounds frozen blueberries, 1 cup water, 1 pound brown sugar, 1 cup water cornstarch slurry 2 parts water, 1 part cornstarch, 2 pounds frozen strawberries], title: Yo Halla on the Square, picturelink: JUQc7oqazWdQBjp4UhrPZAys33xdN9y}, 5291: {instructions: Put the octopus in a pot with the wine and enough cold water to cover. Add the onions, carrots, celery, thyme, and bay leaf bring to a gentle simmer over medium heat and cook until opaque, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the octopus with a slotted spoon and cool. This may be done a day ahead and refrigerated in a covered bowl.nTransfer the octopus to a resealable plastic bag and add the garlic, olive oil, and lime juice seal and marinate in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Remove the octopus from the marinade and set aside.nPreheat a charcoal or gas grill until hot. Position the rack about 5 to 6 inches from the heat.nCombine the olive oil, vinegar, lime juice, mint leaves, and green olives in the jar of a blender and puree into a smooth emulsion. Alternatively, whisk these ingredients together in a small bowl for a chunkier texture. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and set aside. Toss the endive, radicchio, and chickpeas together in a salad bowl and set aside.nGrill the octopus for 4 to 5 minutes, turning once after 2 to 3 minutes, until it is browned in spots and nicely caramelized but not burned. Remove and cut into bitesize pieces. 0054oss with the greens and vinaigrette, divide among 4 plates, and serve., ingredients: [16 ounces cleaned octopus with heads removed about 1 12 to 1 34 pounds uncleaned, 2 cups fullbodied red wine, such as Chianti or Sangiovese, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup finely chopped carrot, 14 cup finely chopped celery, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 4 cloves unpeeled garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 lime, juiced, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 limes, juiced, 1 bunch mint, stems removed, leaves torn into pieces, 12 cup chopped green olives, preferably Cerignola available at specialty olive bars, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 endives with core removed, julienned, 3 cups julienned radicchio leaves, 2 cups cooked chickpeas or gigante beans], title: Grilled Octopus Salad Insalata di Polipo, picturelink: null}, 5292: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Using your fingertips, rub butter and shortening into dry ingredients until mixture looks like crumbs. The faster the better, you dont want the fats to melt.nMake a well in the center and pour in the chilled buttermilk. Stir just until the dough comes together. The dough will be very sticky.nTurn dough onto floured surface, dust top with flour and gently fold dough over on itself 5 or 6 times. Press into a 1inch thick round. Cut out biscuits with a 2inch cutter, being sure to push straight down through the dough. Place biscuits on baking sheet so that they just touch. Reform scrap dough, working it as little as possible and continue cutting. Biscuits from the second pass will not be quite as light as those from the first, but hey, thats life.nBake until biscuits are tall and light gold on top, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons shortening, 1 cup chilled buttermilk], title: Southern Biscuits, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 5293: {instructions: HEAT oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk together pumpkin, sweetened condensed milk, egg, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt in large bowl. Pour into crust.nBAKE 15 minutes. While pie is baking, combine brown sugar, flour and remaining 12 teaspoon cinnamon in small bowl cut in butter with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in nuts.nREMOVE pie from oven reduce oven to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle streusel mixture over pie.nBAKE 40 minutes or until set. Cool. Serve warm or at room temperature. Top with whipped cream, if desired., ingredients: [1 15 oz. can pumpkin 2 cups, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 large egg, 1 14 tsps. ground cinnamon, divided, 12 tsp. ground ginger, 12 tsp. ground nutmeg, 12 tsp. salt, 1 6 oz. prepared graham cracker pie crust, 14 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 tbsps. Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 2 tbsps. cold butter, 34 cup chopped walnuts, Whipped cream optional], title: Streusel Topped Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 5294: {instructions: Place all the crab boil mix ingredients, except the salt and lemon into a spice grinder and pulse several times.nFill a large pot with enough water to cover all ingredients. Use 12 tablespoon of this mixture plus 12 lemon wrapped in cheesecloth per quart of water used for low country boil. Add the boil mix, salt, lemon, and potatoes, and heat until boiling. Adjust the boil seasonings, to taste.nOnce boiling, add the sausage. Cook over medium heat for 15 minutes. Add corn and cook for 10 additional minutes. Add shrimp and cook no more than 3 minutes. Drain and serve.nServing Suggestion: Biscuits or Hot bread ., ingredients: [14 cup yellow mustard seeds, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons hot red pepper flakes, 6 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 14 cup salt, Lemons, halved and wrapped in cheesecloth, 3 pounds red bliss potatoes, scrubbed clean, 6 4inch pieces good quality smoked spicy sausage like andouille or kielbasa, 6 ears fresh corn on the cob, shucked, 3 pounds fresh shrimp 2630 count per pound, unpeeled], title: Low Country Boil, picturelink: null}, 5295: {instructions: Begin by preheating a large outdoor grill. Using a papertowel folded in 4, wipe down the grill with olive oil to clean it and also create a nonstick surface.nPrepare the compound butter by roughly chopping 12 the basil leaves and adding it along with the butter and salt and pepper, to taste, to a food processor. Pulse until fully combined and creamy.nUsing a chefs knife, make slits in each side of the fish, place a few slices of lemon and basil in each of the slits. Stuff the remaining herbs and lemon inside of the fish and head. Paint the whole fish with the basil butter and refrigerate the remaining butter to serve with the finished fish. Carefully place the fish on the grill and grill for 10 to 12 minutes until it lifts off easily  use 2 large spatulas. Turn the fish over and grill for 10 minutes more.nServe on a large platter family style and dot with the remaining basil butter. Sprinkle with sea salt and fresh basil leaves. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [Olive oil, for grill, 2 bunches fresh basil leaves, divided, 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 pound whole salmon, cleaned and scaled, 2 lemons, cut into wedges, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt], title: Whole Salmon Slashed and Stuffed with Basil Butter, picturelink: null}, 5296: {instructions: Vanilla Dough preparation:nBeat cake mix, oil, melted butter, egg, and vanilla in large bowl until dough forms. Stir in walnuts.nChocolate Dough preparation:nBeat cake mix, oil, melted butter, egg, and vanilla in large bowl until dough forms. Stir in walnuts.nCookie preparation:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nScoop 1 teaspoon of vanilla dough into ball. Scoop 1 teaspoon of chocolate dough into ball. Gently press dough balls together, then roll gently to form one ball. Place 20 balls on an ungreased baking sheet, spaced evenly apart. Bake for 10 minutes, or just until cookies begin to brown. Cool cookies on cookie sheets for 5 minutes. Transfer cookies to cooling racks and cool completely. Repeat with remaining chocolate and vanilla dough, forming about 6 dozen cookies total. Store in airtight container at room temperature up to 2 days, or freeze up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box white cake mix, 13 cup vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 egg, beaten to blend, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 cup chopped walnuts, lightly toasted, 1 18.25ounce box devils food cake mix, 13 cup vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 egg, beaten to blend, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup chopped walnuts, lightly toasted], title: Harvest Walnut Cookies, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 5297: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLayer 2 15inch sheets of heavy aluminum foil together and fold 14inch of the edges together to create 1 sheet. Repeat with another 2 pieces of foil, to create 2 double foiled sheets. Bend the edges of 1 of the sheets up 2 inches, to help keep the liquid in the foil.nOn a double sheet of foil, layer in this order, the oil, onions, jalapeno, red bell peppers, chicken, salt and pepper, garlic, cilantro, cheeses, lemon juice and tequila.nPut the second, double layered foil sheet on top of layered ingredients. Fold both double layered sheets of foil together in 14inch folds, 4 times. When all the sides are folded together, make sure that the pouch is not leaking. Refrigerate until ready to cook.nTo cook preheat the oven or grill to 250 degrees F. Remove the foil pouch from the refrigerator and put on the grill, being careful not to snag the foil pouch and tear it open. Grill for 10 minutes, then flip and cook for another 10 minutes.nRemove the pouch from the grill and slice the bag open. Garnish with the tomatoes, cilantro, and Parmesan and serve on warmed rolls., ingredients: [2 ounces olive oil, 1 cup julienned red onion, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno, 12 cup roasted and julienned red bell pepper, 1 roasted chicken, boned, skin discarded and shredded, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 5 ounces mozzarella, grated, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 ounces tequila, 14 cup diced Roma tomatoes, for garnish, 4 sourdough rolls, warmed], title: Lime Chicken Tequila Tailgate, picturelink: td3QwNBf7gQ2Qmp.E48i.MQLvZjgoa}, 5298: {instructions: For the lobster daikon radish sprout spring rolls: Place 1 piece of rice paper on the table. Then place all other ingredients in the center of the rice paper. Fold in the ends of the rice paper and roll up. Cut in half on the bias and serve with creamy coconut lime dressing.nFor the creamy coconut lime dressing: In a hot, small sauce pot, add canola, garlic, shallots, lemon grass and ginger. Saute until shallots are translucent but have no color. Deglaze with sushi vinegar and mirin and reduce by half. Add coconut milk and reduce by half until thick. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature and strain through a chinois. Finish by seasoning with fish sauce, sambal, cilantro and lime juice. Serve with lobster spring rolls., ingredients: [4 pieces rice paper, placed between 6 warm damp terry towels, 1 lobster 1 cull, blanched, cleaned, cut into strips, 14 package daikon radish sprouts, bottom cut off, 12 red pepper, long julienne, 12 yellow pepper, long julienne, 12 cucumber, long julienne, 14 carrot, long julienne, 2 ounces napa cabbage, chiffonade, 8 basil leaves, 8 mint leaves, 12 cilantro leaves, 2 ounces canola oil, 12ounce garlic, chopped, 1ounce shallot, chopped, 1ounce lemon grass, chopped, 1ounce ginger, chopped, 4 ounces sushi vinegar, 1ounce mirin, 8 ounces coconut milk, Fish sauce, to taste, 1 teaspoon sambal, garlicchili condiment, 18 bunch cilantro, chopped fine, 2 limes, juiced], title: LobsterDaikon Spring Rolls with Coconut Lime Dressing, picturelink: null}, 5299: {instructions: Spread bean dip on a flour tortilla, top with shredded cheddar and roll up. Brush with vegetable oil and bake 10 minutes at 400 degrees F. Serve with salsa., ingredients: [], title: Bean RollUps, picturelink: umO9MoHKsgbvI0V2bFWcoDWtOiMLyv.}, 5300: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the quail with salt and pepper to taste. Tie the legs of each quail together, and set the quail in a shallow roasting pan with the legs pointing up. Roast for 20 minutes.nIn the meantime, combine the remaining ingredients in a medium bowl. Place the mixture in a shallow baking dish and roast alongside the quail 1012 minutes, until the strawberries are just softened.nSpoon the strawberry chutney around the quail and serve., ingredients: [12 semiboneless quail ask the butcher to prepare them, Salt and pepper, 2 cups strawberries, hulled and quartered, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup coarsely chopped green onion, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar], title: Quail with Roasted Strawberry Chutney, picturelink: null}, 5301: {instructions: Combine the sugar, 14 cup water, ginger and lime zest in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar is melted. Remove it from the heat and refrigerate until cold.nStrain the mixtures into a large bowl and toss in the strawberries, kiwis, mango, oranges, pineapple and papaya to coat. Cover and refrigerate again until cold, at least 1 hour.nServe in small bowls and garnish with the chopped mint., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, One 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, Zest of 1 lime, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and halved or quartered, 2 kiwi, peeled, sliced and quartered, 1 mango, cut into chunks, 1 orange, segmented, 1 small pineapple, cut into chunks, 1 papaya, cut into chunks, Handful fresh mint, chopped, Read more at: http:www.foodnetwork.comrecipesbobbyflaytropicalfruitsaladwithgingersyrup.htmloclinkback], title: Tropical Fruit Salad with Ginger Syrup, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 5302: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 375 degrees F.n2. Wash the turkey, inside and out, and dry well. Coat inside and outside with olive oil. Season turkey on the outside with salt and pepper, pressing it in to adhere. Place 2 rosemary sprigs, 1 thyme sprig, 1 sage sprig, 1 oregano sprig and lemon halves inside the cavity of the turkey. Place cooling rack or roasting rack in bottom of large roasting pan. Place turkey on rack, and arrange carrots, celery and remaining herbs on bottom of pan around turkey. Pour 4 cups 1 carton chicken broth and water over vegetables and herbs.n3. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted deep into the thigh but away from the bone reads 165 degrees F and juices in the thigh run clear when pierced with a fork, about 2 to 2 12 hours, basting with pan broth every 30 minutes. Remove turkey from the pan and let rest for 15 minutes before carving. Strain and reserve pan juices, and discard vegetables.n4. While turkey is resting, make the gravy. In a medium heavy saucepan, cook flour and butter over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes, or until a blond roux is formed. Add pan juices and 4 cups 1 carton of chicken broth heat to boiling over high heat. Reduce the heat and let simmer until thickened and ready to serve.n5. Carve turkey as desired, and serve with gravy.nCopyright 2010 Michael ChiarellonRecipe provided by Chef Michael Chiarello  June 2010., ingredients: [1 12 to 14 lb whole turkey, 4 cups water, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup butter, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh sage, 2 sprigs oregano, 1 lemon, halved, 2 carrots, halved, 4 celery stalks, halved, 2 cartons 32 oz each Progressou00ae chicken broth], title: Chiarellos Herb Roasted Turkey, picturelink: EUdMa1m4wt9sOdRysJmOfuA31W0WWC}, 5303: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook the bucatoni.nSeparately, in a large saute pan, sweat the fennel and onions in 2 tablespoons of olive oil, cover and cook until almost translucent. When the pasta is almost ready 2 minutes from being cooked, mix in the chopped anchovies to the onion mixture. Cook until fish is warm, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the saffron, currants, pine nuts, sugar, and salt and pepper. Add the remaining anchovies and garnish with chopped parsley and mint.nStrain the pasta and stir in remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil. Stir in fennelanchovy mixture. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound dry bucatoni, 2 heads fennel, thinly sliced, 2 medium sweet white onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 15 large anchovy fillets in oil, 4 finely chopped, 1 tablespoon saffron threads, soaked in 2 tablespoons warm water, 2 tablespoons currants, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup chopped parsley and mint], title: Pasta with Anchovies: Pasta con le Alice, picturelink: null}, 5304: {instructions: 1. Blend together BACARDIu00ae Mixers Pina Colada mix, BACARDIu00ae Rum and ice for 45 to 60 seconds or until uniform.n2. Pour in glasses, top with Blue Curacao and garnish with pineapple and cherriesnServes 5 Cocktails., ingredients: [1 Can of frozen BACARDIu00ae Mixers Pina Colada, 12 cup of BACARDIu00ae Rum, 5 cups of ice, Blue Curacao to taste, Pineapple and cherries for garnishing], title: BACARDIandreg Mixers Blue Hawaiian, picturelink: 0EIrIUdbka3xCnzXms0m7p.9qs66cRW}, 5305: {instructions: Combine the yeast, semolina flour, and water by pulsing 10 seconds in a large heavyduty food processor about 11 cup capacity fitted with the metal chopping blade. Scrape down the side of the work bowl, recover, and let stand until foamy, about 15 minutes.nWith the machine running, add 1 12 cups of the allpurpose flour down the feed tube. Its easier if the flour is poured from a spouted measuring cup into a widemouth canning funnel inserted in the feed tube, or a stiff piece of paper rolled into a cone the opening at the bottom should be at least 1inch across.nUsing a plastic spatula scrape the work bowl and, if necessary, redistribute the dough so that it evenly surrounds the blade. Be careful of the blade. Add the salt and remaining flour, distribute evenly over the dough, and pulse for 10 seconds. Again scrape the work bowl and redistribute the dough.nPulse the dough for 20 seconds nonstop, shut the machine off, and let the dough rest covered in the work bowl for 5 minutes. Now pulse for another 20 seconds.nLeaving the blade in place, carefully redistribute the dough until its of uniform thickness. Recover the work bowl, keeping the pusher from the feed tube in. Note the level of the dough, estimate what it should be when doubled in bulk, and mark that level on the side of the work bowl.nLet the dough rise in the sealed work bowl until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour. Meanwhile, lightly coat an 8inch springform pan or 8inch pie pan lightly with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nWhen the dough has fully doubled, pulse quickly 4 to 5 times to punch down, then pulse for 20 seconds nonstop. Let the dough rest in the sealed work bowl for 5 minutes, then pulse for another 20 seconds. The dough will roll into a ball and leave the sides of the work bowl reasonably clean.nTurn the dough onto a lightly floured surface, shape into a ball, then roll in the flour to dust lightly. Place the loaf in the prepared pan, cover with a clean, dry dish towel, and set in a warm, dry spot until nearly doubled in bulk, this will take about 30 minutes.nWhen the dough has risen for 10 minutes, position 1 rack in the middle of the oven and slide a second rack in the slot just below. Place a large shallow baking pan on the lower rackI use a 15 12 by 10 12 by 1inch jelly roll panand halffill with water. Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nCenter the risen loaf on the middle rack and bake uncovered for 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. and continue to bake until richly browned and hollow sounding when thumped, about 20 to 25 minutes longer.nRemove the bread from the pan as soon as it comes from the oven, set rightside up on a wire rack, and cool to room temperature before cutting., ingredients: [1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 34 cup unsifted semolina durum flour, 1 cup very warm water 110 to 115 degrees F, 3 cups sifted unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Pao: Portuguese Farm Bread, picturelink: null}, 5306: {instructions: Char the bell pepper over an open burner flame or under the broiler with the oven door slightly cracked for the steam to escape until black, turning frequently. Place the charred pepper in a bowl until cool enough to handle, then peel the pepper, chop, and reserve.nMeanwhile, pat the meat dry and season liberally with salt and pepper, dredge in flour. Heat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the meat and brown on both sides. Remove the browned meat to a plate and add the remaining olive oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add the onions, carrots, garlic, paprika, caraway, marjoram and cook to soften 5 to 6 minutes. Add in the tomato paste and stir 1 minute. Stir in the beef stock and Worcestershire and bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and slide the meat and peppers into the pot. Cook 30 minutes, until beef is just tender.nMeanwhile, boil the potatoes and parsnips until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and return to the hot pot and mash with salt, pepper, butter, sour cream, egg, and herb of choice.nPlace the goulash into a casserole dish and top with potatoes. Cool the dish completely and store for makeahead meal.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nReheat and bake until heated through and potatoes are brown on top, 45 to 60 minutes. If you do not make this dish as a make ahead meal then brown potatoes under hot broiler on the middle rack of the oven 5 to 7 minutes until golden at edges., ingredients: [1 large red bell pepper, 2 pounds top sirloin or sirloin tips cut into bitesize pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for dredging, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion or 2 medium onions, chopped, 2 to 3 medium carrot, small dice, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, About 14 cup sweet paprika, 12 tablespoon caraway seeds, half a palmful, A couple sprigs fresh marjoram, leaves picked and chopped or about 2 teaspoons dried, 14 cup tomato paste, 3 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 pounds starchy potatoes, peeled and cubed or sliced 1inch thick, 2 to 3 parsnips, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons butter, 23 to 1 cup sour cream, 1 egg, A handful fresh dill, parsley or chives, finely chopped], title: HungarianStyle Shepherds Pie, picturelink: H6Qrqc3xHu1x2QMMVkinObdlypwUpy}, 5307: {instructions: Beat 2 sticks butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar and 34 cup granulated sugar until fluffy beat in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 2 eggs. Whisk 2 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt, then stir into the butter mixture. Add 2 cups chocolate chunks, 12 cup crushed pretzels and 12 cup peanuts. Press into a 9by13inch pan sprinkle with more pretzels. Bake 40 to 45 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: GameDay Bars, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 5308: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly butter a 9by13inch baking pan, preferably a lightcolored aluminum or steel pan. Dark pans cause overbrowning.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat, add the butter, and cook until the butter foams and turns amber brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Pour the butter into a large bowl and set aside until cool enough to touch.nMeanwhile, sift the flour, baking powder, nutmeg and salt together into a bowl.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer, or using a hand mixer, combine the brown sugar with the butter and mix until combined. Add the eggs and vanilla, and mix until smooth, thick and light, 3 to 5 minutes. You want to make sure the mixture is very light and airy, like frosting. Stir in the sifted flour mixture and mix by hand until incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared baking pan and spread it into an even layer, smoothing the top. Scatter the hazelnuts, pressing lightly to submerge them about halfway in the batter.nBake until the surface wrinkles evenly and turns nut brown, about 35 minutes. Let cool completely, at least 2 hours, before cutting into 2inch bars., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 cups lightly packed light brown sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup whole hazelnuts with or without skins], title: Toffee Bars, picturelink: hz70mjyVAIxelgRZgMOCTSHn3fcOvki}, 5309: {instructions: Cut the pork into 4 pieces and place in a deep pot. Add the water to the pot, cover, and cook over mediumhigh heat until the meat is tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the pork from the pot and chop into bitesized pieces.nWarm the flour or corn tortillas. Spread some of the beans on each tortilla and top with some of the pork. Squeeze a wedge of lime over each tortilla. Add the cilantro, onion, salsa, and avocado., ingredients: [1 3 pound boneless pork butt, 1 cup water, Flour or corn tortillas, 2 cups refried beans, 1 lime, cut into 6 wedges, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 cup salsa, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, and sliced], title: Carnitas, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 5310: {instructions: In a small bowl, gently stir together the honey, fruit spread and 12 teaspoon vanilla. Add the raspberries and toss to coat.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the pudding and the remaining 12 teaspoon vanilla extract.nTo assemble, place a wafer cookie onto a plate. Place with 1 heaping tablespoon pudding and 1 heaping tablespoon raspberries and top with a second wafer cookie. Top with another heaping tablespoon pudding, another heaping tablespoon raspberries and a third wafer cookie. Top with a small dollop of the pudding and garnish with a reserved raspberry. Repeat with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons raspberry fruit spread, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, divided, 1 pint fresh raspberries reserve 4 raspberries for garnish, 3 3.75ounce sugarfree prepared vanilla pudding cups, 2 3.5ounce boxes butter crisp wafer cookies recommended: Jules Destrooper], title: Vanilla Pudding Raspberry Napoleon, picturelink: uz.Yw3Pd7wX4D9JZApyiC85aA82NO}, 5311: {instructions: Special equipment: Two starshaped or round cookie cutters, one about 1 12 inches and one about 34 inchnFor the cookie batter: In the bowl of an electric mixer, whip the butter until smooth. Add the granulated sugar and continue mixing until the mixture becomes light and fluffy, 5 to 8 minutes.nIn another bowl, combine and mix the flour, almonds, cinnamon and nutmeg.nMix and roll the cookies: Because this dough has a good amount of butter, it needs resting time and it needs to be rolled fairly quickly. Lay three large pieces of wax paper in a single layer on a flat surface. Sprinkle each one with a light coating of flour. Remove the bowl from the mixer and, using a rubber spatula, blend the flour mixture in with the butter. When the ingredients are fully integrated, place one third of the batter on each of the pieces of wax paper. Coat with another light layer of flour and top with another piece of wax paper of the same length to make three dough sandwiches. Press these waxpaperanddoughsandwiches down with your hands until the dough is fairly thin. This will save a lot of time on rolling later on. Place two of them in the refrigerator and work with them one at a time. Roll the first batch into as neat a shape as possible. What matters most is avoiding creases or cracks and getting it to about 18 inch in thickness. When the first is rolled, refrigerate it and repeat the same process for the other two. Let them chill at least 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMake the cookie bottoms: Remove the first rolled sheet from the refrigerator and cut as many 1 12inch stars or rounds as you can. Reserve the scraps in the refrigerator. Arrange the stars neatly in a single layer on a greased baking sheet. Repeat with the other two sheets, reserving any scraps.nMake the cookie tops: Cut a star, with the smaller cutter, out of the center of half of all the cookies. Roll the scraps in between two of the pieces of wax paper and cut additional stars, if desired.nBake and assemble the cookie sandwiches: Bake the cookies until they are lightly brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the trays from the oven and allow them to cool slightly on the trays for a few minutes before gently transferring them to a flat surface. PnPlace the raspberry jam in a small pot and bring it to a light simmer. Remove from the heat to cool slightly. Spoon 14 to 12 teaspoon raspberry jam on each bottom and place a top star squarely on each. Dust with powdered sugar, if desired., ingredients: [2 12 sticks lightly salted butter, plus more for greasing the baking sheet, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 13 cups allpurpose flour, plus more flour for rolling the cookies, 12 cup slivered almonds, ground, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup seedless raspberry jam, Powdered sugar, for dusting cookies, optional], title: Linzer Star Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: mN4y5FbAAeDbNn.2vnfAQAlJhOKZTvS}, 5312: {instructions: Special equipment: a frying thermometernFor the rosemary garlic French fries: Leaving the skin on, cut the potatoes into fries that are 14inch thick and 14inch wide and as long as the potato. As soon as they are cut, transfer the fries into a deep container that will hold them all and run cold water over the top. Run the water until the water overflowing out of the container runs clear.nIn a 2gallon pot, heat the oil to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels. Strain the potatoes and pat dry.nIn batches, fry the french fries plus 4 to 6 garlic cloves until the fries are tender but do not have color, about 4 minutes. Transfer to the lined baking sheet and allow the oil to drain off. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nWhen ready to serve, heat the oil up to 350 degrees F. Fry the french fries and the garlic until the fries are golden brown and crispy, 7 to 8 minutes. With about 30 seconds left of cooking, add the rosemary sprigs. Transfer the fries and garlic to a bowl, season with salt and pepper and toss. Remove the rosemary sprigs.nFor the apple chutney: In a saute pan over high heat melt the butter. Add the onions and saute until caramelized and brown, about 15 minutes. Add the apples and saute until the apples are tender. Add the cinnamon and chopped thyme and saute for 1 minute.nAdd the vinegar and brown sugar and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook the chutney until the liquid reduces by half and glazes the apples, about 20 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nFor the ham steaks: Heat a skillet on high heat until smoking hot and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Season the ham steaks with pepper. Coat the skillet with the oil.nPlace the ham steaks in the skillet and cook until the first side is seared. Flip the steaks and add 1 cup water to the skillet. Cover and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow them to rest.nFor plating: Arrange the ham steaks in the center of 6 plates. Top the steaks with 3 to 4 ounces of the apple chutney, then top with piles of the rosemarygarlic fries., ingredients: [3 pounds russet potatoes, 1 gallon vegetable oil, for frying, 24 cloves garlic, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, cut into 18inch julienne strips, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cut into large dice, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, Salt and black pepper, Six 8ounce ham steaks, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 14 cup grape seed oil], title: Ham Steak and Frites, picturelink: null}, 5313: {instructions: To make the mimosa vinaigrette: In a jar with a tightfitting lid, add: the mandarin juice, Champagne vinegar, Dijon mustard, garlic, hot chile flakes, extravirgin olive oil, wildflower honey, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper. Close the jar tightly and shake vigorously for 30 seconds to emulsify.nTo make the zucchini blossoms: In a big bowl, combine the flour, onion powder, sea salt, honey brown beer, and egg. Whisk until smooth. Heat a 14inch of extravirgin olive oil in a frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add a few drops of the beer batter to the oil. When the batter starts to sizzle, the oil has reached the appropriate heat for frying, 375 degrees F. Dip the zucchini blossoms in the honey brown beer batter and then delicately fry them for a few seconds, until they are golden on all sides. Remove the zucchini blossoms from the pan with slotted spoons and strain them on a wire rack to remove any excess oil. Lightly sprinkle with sea salt. Serve immediately with the dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [4 mandarins, juiced with pulp, 2 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch minced garlic about 12 small clove, Pinch hot chile flakes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon wildflower honey, Pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup flour, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Sea salt, 8 zucchini blossoms, 1 cup honey brown beer, 1 egg, Extravirgin olive oil, for pan frying], title: Zucchini Blossoms with Mimosa Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 5314: {instructions: For the rice: Bring the water to a boil over high heat in a medium saucepan with a tight fitting lid. Stir in the wild rice and 1 teaspoon of the salt. Adjust the heat so the rice simmers gently, cover, and cook until tender but not mushy, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove rice from heat and let stand, covered 10 minutes. Drain remaining liquid and fluff with a fork.nMeanwhile, mix all the salsa ingredients in a bowl. Set aside, while making the beans so the flavors come together and the sauce gets juicy.nHeat the olive oil in a medium skillet, over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, and season with the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Cook until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the beans and mash them until the mixture is almost smooth but still dotted with bits of bean, adding water as needed to loosen the mash up a bit. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve the burritos, wrap all the tortillas in a slightly damp towel and microwave until piping hot and pliable, 1 to 2 minutes. Alternatively, heat a large skillet over high heat until very hot. Cook a tortilla, turning once, until slightly charred and puffy, about 15 seconds per side. Wrap in foil and repeat with the remaining tortillas. Keep covered while assembling each burrito.nTo form the burritos, spoon about a quarter of both the rice and beans and 34 cup of the salsa in the center of a tortilla. Top with some of the watercress, if using. Fold the closest edge of the tortilla over the filling, fold in the sides, and then roll the tortilla away from you to form a package. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and filling.nServe burritos with extra salsa, a dollop of sour cream, and lime, if desired., ingredients: [34 cup wild rice, 2 13 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 ripe medium tomatoes or 4 plum tomatoes, cored and diced, 1 Hass avocado, halved, seeded, and diced, 12 medium yellow onion, finely diced, 1 to 2 jalapenos, or 1 serrano chile, stemmed and minced with seeds for maximum heat, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 19ounce can pinto beans, rinsed and drained, 4 extralarge 12inch whole wheat flour tortillas, 1 bunch watercress, stemmed, optional, Sour cream, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: MissionStyle Wild Rice and Bean Burrito, picturelink: null}, 5315: {instructions: To make the meatballs: Saute the onions with olive oil over medium heat until very soft and browned, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the heat, finely chop and put in a mixing bowl to cool. When the onions are cooled, add the ground beef and chicken and mix well. Add the bread crumbs, and cream and continue to mix. Season with salt and pepper and form balls that are about 1 to 2 ounces. Put in the refrigerator and reserve for later.nTo make the sauce: In a thick bottom pot, saute the meatballs with olive oil until browned. The meatballs, dont need to be cooked through at this point, they should just be wellbrowned on the outside. Repeat this process until they are all seared. Remove them from the pot, and discard 12 of the fat from the pot. Turn the flame to a medium heat and add 12 of the flour. Stir with a metal or wooden utensil for about 10 minutes, until the flour and oil mixture begins to brown. Be careful not to let the mixture get too brown or it will taste bitter. Add all other ingredients and mix well. One at a time add the meatballs, and simmer in the sauce until they are cooked through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground chicken, 1 cup unflavored bread crumbs, 14 cup cream or milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 anchovy fillet, 1 teaspoon blue cheese, 8 cups beef or chicken broth, 1 cup sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Swedish Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 5316: {instructions: In a mixer with a paddle combine dry ingredients. In a separate bowl stir together wet ingredients then blend them into dry ingredients. Drop spoonfuls of batter, spaced far apart, onto nonstick sheet pans and bake at 350 degrees for 5 to 8 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup oats, 14 cup cream, 14 cup corn syrup, 1 cup melted butter, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract], title: Oatmeal Lace Cookies, picturelink: null}, 5317: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp and light golden, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on paper towels.nMelt the butter in the same skillet. Add the apples and sprinkle with the sugar and cook until tender and deep golden brown, stirring frequently, about 5 minutes. Transfer the apples and any juices from skillet to a small bowl.nSprinkle the pork chops with 1 teaspoon of the salt and 34 teaspoon of the pepper. Add the pork chops and 2 teaspoons of the oil into the same skillet and brown for 2 minutes per side. Transfer the chops to a plate and cover to keep warm.nAdd the remaining teaspoon of oil, cream, brandy, apple juice, thyme and onions to the same skillet and bring to a simmer. Return the apples and pork chops back into the pan and simmer until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Season the sauce with the remaining salt and pepper.nGarnish with the reserved pancetta bits., ingredients: [5 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 large Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, cut into 12inchthick slices about 3 cups, 12 teaspoon sugar, Four 8ounce bonein centercut pork chops each about 34inch thick, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 cup brandy, 14 cup unsweetened apple juice, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 medium onion, finely diced], title: Pork Chops with Apples and Pancetta, picturelink: Mgbz.7clQszRVpjXYE7A6SBMx7CXafy}, 5318: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F to warm the tortillas.nIn a small bowl, combine the chili powder, cumin and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir until well mixed.nDivide the ground beef into 4 equal sections, about 6 ounces each. Gently form the meat into thick disks, then place on a piece of wax paper. Press the patties until theyre about 12inch thick and 6 inches in diameter. Sprinkle each patty on both sides with the spice mix, using about 12 tablespoon per burger. Cut each patty in half, giving you 8 pieces.nHeat a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat for 3 minutes. When the pan is hot, add 1 tablespoon of the oil and place 4 of the patties into the pan. Cook until the meat is browned half of the way up the side, 2 12 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook on the other side. Place a halfslice of cheese torn into a few pieces so it fits on the burger to cover the patty and melt over the top. Cook until the patty is wellbrowned on the bottom, another 2 12 minutes. Remove the burgers from the pan to a plate, tented with foil, to allow the juices to redistribute, at least 5 minutes. Scrape out any crusty bits on the bottom of the pan and pour off the extra grease. Add the remaining tablespoon of oil and repeat the process for the remaining 4 patties.nPlace the taco shells on a sheet pan to warm in the oven for about 5 minutes. If using soft tacos, wrap the stack of 8 in foil and warm for 5 minutes.nLine the center of the taco shell with some lettuce and insert the burger. Slide 2 tomato slices alongside the patties and top with 1 teaspoon salsa and some sour cream, and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds ground round beef, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 slices American cheese, halved, 8 soft or hard corn tortillas, 1 cup shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 tomato, halved and thinly sliced, 14 cup salsa or taco sauce, Sour cream, for serving], title: Kids Can Make: Taco Cheeseburger, picturelink: tP5U4etMtEoVTlrgG8sa9nC08600dG}, 5319: {instructions: Combine oyster sauce, soy sauce, sugar, and stock in a small bowl.nIn a medium saute pan, heat the 3 tablespoons of oil and caramelize the garlic until golden brown. Add 1 cup of the oyster mixture and reduce to a glaze.nIn a deep fryer or heavybottomed pot, heat the peanut oil to 375 degrees F. Add the beans and fry for about 20 seconds. Remove from oil and drain on paper towels. Add beans to sauce and toss until beans are well coated. Transfer to plate. Garnish with Thai basil or scallions.nPrepare an ice bath. Separate the garlic into cloves and remove the ends of each clove. Fill a small saucepan with water. Salt lightly and bring to a boil. Carefully drop the whole cloves into the water and blanch for 30 seconds. Remove with a slotted spoon and immediately plunge into the ice water to stop the cooking process. Repeat the process. Drain the garlic and dry it well. The peels should slip off easily. Cut the garlic into slices and use as needed.nYield: 34 to 1 cup, ingredients: [14 cup oyster sauce, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Doubleblanched garlic, recipe follows, 16 ounces haricots verts, stems removed, 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 3 heads garlic, Kosher salt], title: Dry Fried String Beans, picturelink: null}, 5320: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut a lengthwise slit in each plantain and set on a baking sheet. Bake until the flesh is thoroughly soft and oozing through the slit, 4050 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, make the stuffing: Peel, core and finely chop 3 of the quinces. Peel and core the remaining 2 quinces and cut each into 8 wedges. Drop the wedges into a bowl of cold water to cover and squeeze in the lemon juice.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over moderate heat. Add the brown sugar and cook, stirring, until the sugar has melted. Add the finely chopped quinces, ginger, orange zest, cloves and cinnamon and stir to combine. Add 1 cup of water and continue cooking until most of the liquid is gone, about 15 minutes. Add the orange juice and rum and cook until almost all of the liquid is gone, about 5 minutes. Drain the quince wedges and add to the pan. Reduce the heat, cover and cook until the wedges are just soft, about 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the walnuts and let cool. The stuffing can be make a day in advance and refrigerated.nMake the dough in a food processor with a paddle attachment: Peel, trim and discard any tough ends from the plantains. Combine the plantains and salt and pulse until a smooth puree is formed, or mix until just blended. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate about 2 hours.nTo assemble: Roll 2 tablespoons of the dough between your palms to form a ball. Line the bottom of a tortilla press with a small plastic bag and place the ball of dough in the center. Place another plastic bag over the dough and press to form a 3 12inch circle. Place a quince wedge on half of the dough circle and top it with a teaspoon of the sauce. Fold over to enclose the quince and press the edges to seal. Place the stuffed empanadas on a platter and chill at least 30 minutes.nHeat the vegetable oil to 375 degrees F. Gently drop the empanadas into the hot oil and fry until golden, about 6 minutes. With a slotted spoon, remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve hot., ingredients: [3 large ripe plantains, unpeeled, 5 large ripe quince, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup dark rum, 12 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil for deep frying, Powdered sugar], title: Fried Quince Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 5321: {instructions: To prepare pate brisee, place all ingredients except water in a metal mixing bowl and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Mix with paddle attachment on mixer until butter is pea sized, and then add the water in one motion. Only mix the dough until just incorporated and remove bowl from mixer. Place dough on floured surface and mix by hand until all is incorporated. Form into a disk and refrigerate until ready to roll out, at least 1 hour. Roll dough on floured surface about 1inch larger than desired pan size to allow for shrinkage. Lightly form the dough in the pan and refrigerate for 30 minutes before baking.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine the shell with parchment paper and fill with weights or dried beans. Prebake the brisee dough until slightly browned, about 10 minutes. Once cooked, remove from oven, remove weights, allow to cool, and then raise the oven temperature to 375 degrees F.nSpread the bottom of the tart with the goat cheese, a spoonful of roasted tomatoes, and then a layer of Pesto.nAlternate the tomatoes, asparagus, onions, eggplant, and peppers then top with bread crumbs and Asiago. Salt and pepper each layer, drizzling a little oil on as well.nBake for 15 minutes and remove from oven. Allow to cool before serving, and for best results cut with a sharp serrated knife. Serve over field greens.nIn a food processor combine arugula, pine nuts, Parmesan, salt, and garlic and puree. With motor running add oil blending until incorporated. Store in the refrigerator with a piece of plastic wrap placed right on the surface of the pesto to prevent it from discoloring.nBring the water and salt to a boil. Blanch the basil leaves for 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of iced water and drain well. Dry for 1 hour. Blend basil and olive oil in blender or food processor. Process until well blended and strain., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 8 tablespoons cold, unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons ice water, ice removed, 4 ounces goat cheese, 1 cup chopped roasted tomatoes, 3 ounces pesto made from basil or arugula, recipe follows, 1 bunch grilled asparagus, 1 pound heirloom tomatoes, sliced or halved if using cherry tomatoes, 2 yellow onions, sliced and grilled, 1 eggplant, sliced into 14inch thick rounds and grilled, 1 sweet bell pepper, grilled, peeled, seeded and cut into 1inch thick slices, 1 cup bread crumbs, 2 ounces grated Asiago, 2 tablespoons basil oil, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, Field greens, as an accompaniment, 3 cups packed arugula or 2 cups loosely packed basil leaves, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 garlic clove chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 quarts water, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 cups basil leaves, packed, 1 cup olive oil], title: Tomato Tart, picturelink: null}, 5322: {instructions: Place the chicken breastside up in a highsided pot that fits the chicken snugly. Fill the pot with cold water to about 1 inch above the chicken and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat.nWhile waiting for the water to boil, cut the ginger into very thin rounds, peel and quarter 1 of the onions and add them and 1 tablespoon salt to the pot.nOnce the water reaches a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, skimming and discarding any scum that floats to the surface of the poaching liquid, until an instantread thermometer inserted between the breast and thigh of the chicken reads 165 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes. To take the temperature, use a pair of sturdy tongs to carefully lift the chicken out of the hot poaching liquid and insert the thermometer between the breast and thigh.nWhile the chicken is cooking, core the white and purple cabbages, very thinly slice them into ribbonlike strands and place the sliced cabbage in a large bowl set aside.nFill a second large bowl a little more than halfway with equal parts ice and water, and use the tongs to add the cooked chicken to it reserve the pot and poaching liquid. Leave the chicken in the ice water to cool completely, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, peel, halve and very thinly slice the remaining onion, and place it in a small bowl. Add the vinegar, oil, 1 teaspoon of the sugar, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper. Use your hands to gently massage the vinegar mixture into the onions until they begin to wilt slightly. Let the marinated onions sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes and up to overnight.nDiscard the ice water, but keep the chicken in the bowl. Remove and discard the skin. Shred the chicken into large bitesize pieces set aside.nAdd the chicken carcass to the poaching liquid, and return it to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes, skimming off any fat andor scum that floats to the surface. Strain the poaching liquid over a large bowl discard the solids. Let this flavorful broth cool completely, and reserve it for another purpose. It can be frozen in an airtight container for up to 3 months.nWhile the broth is cooking, make the dressing: Cook the remaining sugar and 14 cup water in a small saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has completely dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove to a small bowl and let cool slightly.nWhile the sugar mixture is cooling, finely grate the garlic, halve and juice the limes about 12 cup of juice total and slice the chiles into thin rounds. Whisk the fish sauce into the cooled sugar mixture add the garlic, lime juice and chiles.nTo assemble the salad, add the chicken, marinated onions and any residual liquid and lime dressing to the cabbage bowl. Tear the mint and basil leaves into the bowl, and gently toss to combine. Season with additional fish sauce if needed. Let the salad sit for 15 minutes so the flavors can marry, then transfer to a large platter. Place the peanuts and fried shallots in separate piles beside the salad. Just before serving, gently toss together the salad, peanuts and fried shallots and any liquid that has accumulated at the bottom of the platter the liquid has a lot of great flavor. Serve with the fried shrimp chips., ingredients: [One 5pound whole chicken, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, 2 medium red onions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 large head of white cabbage from about a 3pound head, 12 small head purple cabbage from about a 2pound head, 3 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup sugar, 6 cloves garlic, 6 limes, 2 red Thai bird chiles, 13 cup Asian fish sauce, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 cup fresh Thai basil leaves, 12 cup roasted salted peanuts, 12 cup storebought fried shallots or onions, Fried shrimp chips, for serving], title: Vietnamese Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 5323: {instructions: Fill a small plate or shallow bowl with lemon juice. In a second plat or bowl, spread some Tajin. Dip the rim of an 8 to 10ounce glass in the lemon juice, followed by a dip in the Tajin.nAdd a large scoop of ice to the glass, then add the tomato juice, vodka, hot sauce, Worcestershire, horseradish, olive juice and a squeeze of lemon and stir.nGarnish the cocktail with the olives, 2 dashes of Tajin, a few turns from a peppermill and a lemon wedge for extra citrus, and serve, ingredients: [Lemon juice, for rimming the glass, plus wedges for squeezing and garnish, Tajin seasoning, for rimming the glass, plus 2 shakes, 5 ounces premium tomato juice or make your own from gardenfresh tomatoesabout 1 pound for an 8ounce cocktail, 2 ounces premium vodka or any other spirit, 4 dashes hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 3 or 4 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon prepared horseradish not the creamy kind, 2 pimientostuffed olives, such as Mezzetta Spanish Queen Martini Olives, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons olive juice, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bloody Mary, picturelink: SshAB1uSc9MZ1j.ullbWjXmbmfHnNS}, 5324: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line 12 muffin cups with paper liners. Whisk together flour, hazelnuts, baking powder and salt in small bowl. Beat butter, sugar and vanilla in large bowl with electric mixer at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. With mixer on low speed, add half the flour mixture, milk and remaining flour mixture, mixing after each addition just until blended.nDIVIDE batter evenly among muffin cups. Bake 20 to 23 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan 5 minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool completely.nWHISK instant pudding and halfandhalf in large bowl. Chill for 30 minutes. Melt chocolate hazelnut spread and white baking chips in medium saucepan over low heat. Stir constantly until smooth. Remove from heat.nREMOVE paper liners from cupcakes. Cut cupcakes in half crosswise using a serrated knife. Spread about 1 tablespooon filling on bottom halves. Gently frost tops with chocolate hazelnut frosting. Place frosted tops over filling and press gently. Let rest for 30 minutes or until chocolate is set., ingredients: [em, Cupcakes:, em, 1 12 cups Pillsburyu00ae Softasilku00ae Enriched  Bleached Cake Flour, 14 cup finely ground hazelnuts, 1 12 tsps. baking powder, 12 tsp. salt, 12 cup butter, softened, 34 cup sugar, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 12 cup milk, Filling:, 1 4 serving size pkg. instant French vanilla pudding  pie filling mix, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, Chocolate Hazelnut Ganache:, 34 cup Jifu00ae Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread, 13 cup white baking chips], title: Hazelnut Boston Cream Cupcakes, picturelink: lr1u.kV2n4qv6w3f81ibLPZVpZd0.6}, 5325: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a medium skillet over medium high heat.nPlace potatoes in a medium pot. Cut larger potatoes in half. Leave smaller baby potatoes whole. Cover potatoes with water and top with a lid. Place over high heat. When the water boils, salt water and cook potatoes with the lid off pot for 10 to 11 minutes, until tender.nPlace a second low pot on the stove top over mediumhigh heat. Add apple sauce and canned cranberry sauce. Stir to combine and gently heat through, about 10 minutes.nToast 2 slices whole grain bread and butter heavily, 12 tablespoon per slice. Chop into small cubes and reserve.nAdd extravirgin olive oil and sausage meat to hot skillet. Brown and crumble the sausage with a wooden spoon or heat safe spatula. Add onions and celery to the skillet then season with poultry seasoning and salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add bread to the skillet and stir to combine. Dampen the stuffing with chicken stock and turn to combine. Turn off heat and cover pan loosely with foil to hold heat.nPreheat a second skillet over medium heat to prepare turkey and gravy.nDrain cooked potatoes and return to hot pot. Smash with sour cream, butter and crisped, chopped bacon. Season the smashed potatoes with salt and pepper. If they are too thick, thin them out with milk or a splash of broth.nAdd 2 tablespoons butter to preheated skillet and melt it. Whisk in flour and cook 1 minute. Whisk in 2 cups stock or broth. Add the poultry seasoning, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper to the gravy. Allow it to thicken slightly.nCut roasted turkey meat away from the breast bones of rotisserie turkey breast. If you are using deli turkey, remove from packaging and separate slices. Set turkey into gravy.nPlace a bread slice on dinner plate. Use a large ice cream scoop to place a mound of stuffing on the bread. Place turkey on top of stuffing. Serve smashed potatoes and cranberries on the side. Spoon the extra gravy over potatoes and turkey sandwiches. Sprinkle the plates with chopped parsley or chives and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds new potatoes or baby Yukon gold potatoes, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 strips par cooked bacon, crisped in microwave and chopped recommended: Ready Crisp, Salt and pepper, 1 cup store bought apple sauce, 1 14 ounce can whole berry cranberry sauce, 2 slices whole grain bread, Butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 pound maple sausage, bulk or removed from large link casing, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, Salt and pepper, 1 cup chicken stock or turkey broth, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken stock or turkey broth, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, Salt, A few grinds black pepper, 1 12 to 2 pounds turkey breast meat: roasted turkey breast or thickcut deli turkey, 4 slices whole grain bread, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley or chopped chives, for garnish], title: What a Face Open Faced Hot Turkey Sammys with Sausage Stuffing and Gravy, Smashed Potatoes with Bacon, Warm Apple Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 5326: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 10inch25 cm diameter cake tinnThese sweet, buttery and nutty treats are delicious with a cup of tea or coffee. Normally made with a yeastrisen dough, the buns in this recipe are made using a slightly faster method.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F 230 degrees C Gas mark 8, and butter and flour the cake tin.nFor the filling: Cream the butter and cinnamon together in a large bowl or in an electric food mixer until soft. Add the brown sugar and beat until the mixture is light and fluffy and then stir in the chopped toasted pecans. Set aside not in the refrigerator.nFor the dough: Sift the flour, baking powder and cinnamon together into a large bowl.nAdd the caster sugar, then add the butter and, using your fingertips, rub it in until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Whisk the beaten egg and milk together in a separate bowl, then make a well in the centre of the dry ingredients and pour in most of the liquid all but 2 fluid ounces60 ml. Using one hand with your fingers outstretched like a claw, move your hand around in one direction clockwise or counterclockwise until the dough comes together. Cooks Note: You may need to add the rest of the milk as the dough should be soft and a little sticky.nTo make the buns: Tip the dough out onto a floured work surface and dust with flour. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough until it is a 14 by 10 inches35 by 25 cm rectangle and about 34inch2 cm thick.nSpread the filling all over the rectangle, then with the widest end facing you, roll up the dough away from you so that it resembles a Swiss roll. Cut the log 11 times to make 12 slices, each 1 14inches3 cm thick. Place the pieces cutside facing up, with a tiny bit of space between each swirl, in the prepared cake tin.nBake in the oven 10 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F200 degrees CGas mark 6 and cook for a further 25 to 35 minutes or until risen, golden brown and cooked in the centre. They should have joined together to make a lovely cluster of buns.nAllow the buns to stand in the tin for 2 to 3 minutes before carefully turning out and cooling on a wire rack. When cool, transfer to a serving plate or cake stand.nFor the icing: Sift the icing sugar confectioners into a bowl, add 1 tablespoon boiling water and mix well, adding another 12 to 1 tablespoon boiling water, if necessary, until the icing is soft, but not too runny. Drizzle the icing over the buns.nTo serve: Break each bun off with your hand or cut into slices., ingredients: [3 12 ounces100g butter, softened, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 12 ounces100 g soft light brown sugar, 3 12 ounces100 g toasted pecans, chopped, 13 ounces375 g plain flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 ounce25 g caster sugar, 2 ounces50 g butter, softened, 1 egg, beaten, 7 fluid ounces200 ml milk, 3 ounces75 g icing sugar, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons boiling water], title: Cinnamon Pecan Buns, picturelink: null}, 5327: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, add the sour cream, buttermilk and apple cider vinegar and whisk until the ingredients are incorporated. Add the chives, dill, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and stir once more. Cover and store in the refrigerator until ready to use. For best results, do a day or two ahead of time before using., ingredients: [1 cup sour cream, 4 ounces buttermilk, 2 ounces apple cider vinegar, 1 bunch fresh chives, cut into small rounds, 1 bunch fresh dill, picked and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper], title: Buttermilk Chive Dressing, picturelink: eqqc1XchCHBt4sd0np8ENYdDLHtZU2}, 5328: {instructions: For the gnocchi: Put the porcini in a large bowl and add enough hot water to cover the porcini. Allow the porcini to soak for a few minutes or until soft. Then finely chop the porcini to a pastelike consistency.nOn a work table, peel and mash the potatoes with the back of a fork or use a potato ricer. Add the porcini to the mashed potatoes and then add the flour, Parmigiano, salt, and pepper. Combine together and knead until the mixture becomes regular dough consistency, smooth and slightly sticky. Add more flour if needed, which will absorb any excess moisture.nOn a lightlyfloured work surface, take pieces of the dough and roll them out into thin logs, approximately 12inches thick. Cut them 1inch long.nMake the ridges on each gnocchi by using the back of a fork in a rolling action.nCooks Note: The imprints will allow the sauce to get trapped on the surface of the gnocchi.nPut the gnocchi on a tray in a single layer and place a cloth over the top to prevent them from drying out. They may also be set in refrigerator or freezer until needed.nCook the gnocchi in a pot of boiling salted water for about 1 to 2 minutes or until they float to the surface.nFor the sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan and add the fresh sage leaves. Remove the gnocchi from the boiling water with a slotted spoon or drain and add them directly to the saucepan with about 12 cup pasta water. Cook the gnocchi with the sauce for about 30 seconds and then remove them from the heat. Add the Parmigiano and mix well. Plate and serve., ingredients: [1 cup250 ml dry porcini, 3 large baking potatoes, boiled in salted water,, 2 cups500 ml flour, plus more for dusting and as needed, 12 cup125 ml finely grated Parmigiano cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sauce, 2 tablespoons30 ml unsalted butter, Fresh sage leaves, 1 cup250 ml finely grated Parmigiano cheese], title: Porcini Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 5329: {instructions: 1. Prepare the pastry shells according to the package directions.n2. Heat the oil in a 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until tender.n3. Stir the soup, milk and peas and carrots in the skillet and heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 5 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Add the turkey and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling. Spoon the turkey mixture into the pastry shells., ingredients: [1 package 10 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Shells, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Chicken Soup Regular, 98 Fat Free or Healthy Requestu00ae, 12 cup milk, 1 package 10 ounces frozen peas and carrots, 2 cups cubed cooked turkey], title: Turkey Pot Pie in a Shell, picturelink: null}, 5330: {instructions: Bring a small pot of water to a low boil, then add the garlic and simmer for 20 minutes. Let cool, then drain, peel and mash into a paste. Season with sea salt.nBring a few inches of water to a boil in a large pot and season with salt. Fill a large bowl with ice water. Cut the vegetables into similar shapes and sizes but keep them separate. Blanch the vegetables, one kind at a time, until tendercrisp. Delicate vegetables like thin beans will take 1 to 2 minutes, firmer vegetables like squash will take 3 minutes. After each batch, transfer them to the ice bath to cool using a spider or a small strainer. Drain well.nHeat the EVOO in a small pot over medium heat. Add the anchovies and stir until they break down and melt into the oil. Add the heavy cream, butter and garlic paste, and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until thickened. Let the sauce cool, then transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate overnight or longer.nBring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta and season with salt. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the vegetables in the last 2 minutes of cooking to reheat them. Reheat the bagna cauda sauce in a saucepan over mediumlow heat.nToss the pasta and vegetables with the sauce and the parsley. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 bulbs hardneck garlic about 24 cloves, cloves separated and skin left on, Sea salt, A couple handfuls each of assorted farmfresh vegetables: asparagus, baby golden beets, baby carrots, baby zucchini, cauliflower or purple cauliflower, haricots verts, pattypan squash andor sugar snap peas 1 12 to 2 pounds total, 14 cup EVOO, Two 2ounce tins or one 4ounce jar goodquality flat anchovy fillets, drained, 1 pint heavy cream or halfandhalf, 12 stick butter 4 tablespoons, Freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces egg pasta, such as tagliatelle, 8 ounces spinach pasta, such as tagliatelle, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, finely chopped], title: GardenStyle Straw and Hay Pasta with Bagna Cauda Sauce, picturelink: ZpYTMVCspTSqheyhNMOBBav8fRch8Ba}, 5331: {instructions: To prepare the vinaigrette: in a small bowl, combine the honey, vinegar, shallots, herbs, salt, and pepper. Whisk together until well blended. Slowly whisk in the 2 oils until emulsified. Reserve.nIn another bowl, combine the field greens and edible flowers. Season with salt and pepper. Lightly dress with the prepared vinaigrette. Mound onto chilled salad plates., ingredients: [1 tablespoon wildflower honey, 14 cup blackberry vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped chervil, Salt and pepper, 14 cup hazelnut oil, 12 cup almond oil, 1 pound baby field greens, 1 cup edible wildflowers], title: Field Green Salad with Wildflower Honey and Blackberry Hazelnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 5332: {instructions: Put the veal cutlets side by side on a sheet of plastic wrap. Lay a piece of prosciutto on top of each piece of veal and cover with another piece of plastic. Gently flatten the cutlets with a rolling pin or meat mallet, until the pieces are about 14inch thick and the prosciutto has adhered to the veal. Remove the plastic wrap and lay a couple of sage leaves in the center of each cutlet. Weave a toothpick in and out of the veal to secure the prosciutto and sage. Put some flour in a shallow platter and season with a fair amount of salt and pepper mix with a fork to combine. Dredge the veal in the seasoned flour, shaking off the excess.nHeat the oil and 1 tablespoon of the butter and in a large skillet over medium flame. Put the veal in the pan, prosciuttoside down first. Cook for 3 minutes to crisp it up and then flip the veal over and saute the other side for 2 minutes, until golden. Transfer the saltimbocca to a serving platter, remove the toothpicks, and keep warm.nAdd the wine to the pan, stirring to bring up all the delicious flavor in the bottom let the wine cook down for a minute to burn off some of the alcohol. Add the chicken broth and remaining tablespoon of butter, swirl the pan around. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the sauce over the saltimbocca, garnish with sage leaves and lemon wedges serve immediately., ingredients: [4 5ounce thinly sliced veal cutlets scallopini, 4 slices thinly sliced prosciutto, 8 fresh sage leaves, plus more for garnish, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 14 cup chicken broth, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Saltimbocca Alla Romana, picturelink: null}, 5333: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine bread crumbs with Parmesan cheese in shallow dish set aside.nAdd chicken and Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise to large plastic bag shake to evenly coat. Remove chicken, then lightly coat in crumb mixture. Arrange chicken on baking sheet.nBake 20 minutes. Evenly top chicken with Pasta Sauce, then mozzarella cheese. Bake an additional 3 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked and cheese is melted.nCost per recipe: 8.36nCost per serving: 2.09nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [14 cup Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 114 lbs., 14 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 12 cup Raguu00ae Old World Styleu00ae Pasta Sauce, 12 cup shredded mozzarella cheese about 2 oz.], title: Succulent Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 5334: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nFor the meatloaf: Heat a skillet over medium heat, add the oil and saute the onions until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt, add the garlic and saute for 1 to 2 minutes without letting the garlic brown. Set aside to cool.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the milk, mustard, Worcestershire, hot sauce and eggs, then season with salt and pepper. Add the beef, pork and veal along with the crackers, parsley and cooked oniongarlic mixture. Use your hands to mix until everything is evenly combined. Place the meat mixture on the prepared baking sheet and use your hands to gently form into a rustic loaf shape, about 9 inches by 5 inches.nFor the glaze: In a small bowl, combine the barbecue sauce, brown sugar, apple cider vinegar and sriracha.nSlather the glaze all over the meatloaf, then bake, basting once halfway through, until the internal temperature registers 165 degrees F, about 1 hour. Let rest for 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small Spanish onion, cut into small dice, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 2 large eggs, 1 pound ground chuck, 8 ounces ground pork, 8 ounces ground veal, 1 cup coarsely crushed saltine crackers about 24, 13 cup minced fresh parsley, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons sriracha sauce], title: United States of Meatloaf, picturelink: seYPCUOK9kdVaaaTdiB3qLGwQcLu2cC}, 5335: {instructions: Working in batches, stack spinach leaves on top of one another and cut into 12inchwide strips.nIn a large heavy skillet cook shallots in oil over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add spinach, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and saute over moderately high heat, stirring, until wilted and tender, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds spinach about 2 bunches, washed, drained, and coarse stems discarded, 4 large shallots, minced, 14 cup tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Spinach Chiffonade with Shallots, picturelink: null}, 5336: {instructions: Combine the water, cider, brown sugar, salt, peppercorns, bay leaves, garlic, orange strips and rosemary leaves in a large pot. Stir until the salt and sugar dissolve. Bring to a boil, and then turn off the heat and cover. Allow to cool completely, and then place into the fridge to chill.nPlace an uncooked, fresh turkey in the chilled brine solution, and then refrigerate for 16 to 24 hours. You may add more cold water if you need more liquid for the size of turkey you have.nWhen youre ready to roast the turkey, remove the turkey from the brine. Submerge the turkey in a pot or sink of fresh, cold water. Allow to sit in the clean water for 15 to 20 minutes to remove excess salt from the outside. Discard the brine.nRemove the turkey from the water, and then rinse again, pat dry and cook according to your normal roasting method., ingredients: [2 gallons cold water, 3 cups apple cider, 2 cups packed brown sugar, 34 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons tricolor peppercorns, 5 whole bay leaves, 5 cloves garlic, minced, Peel of 3 large oranges, cut into large strips, 4 fresh rosemary sprigs, leaves stripped off, 1 uncooked fresh turkey], title: My Favorite Turkey Brine, picturelink: null}, 5337: {instructions: Using a manual slicer or a food processor fitted with shredding disk, finely shred carrots. Mince chilies. In a heavy skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook mustard seeds, chilies, asafetida, and curry leaves, stirring constantly, until mustard seeds begin to pop. Stir in carrots until coated well and transfer to a bowl. Toss salad with lemon juice and salt to taste. Salad may be made 1 day ahead and chilled. Covered. Before serving, add additional lemon juice to taste. Serve salad warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [34 pound carrots about 4 large, 1 12 fresh hot green chilies such as serrano or jalapeno, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoons brown mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon asafetida powder, 6 fresh curry leaves, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, Salt to taste], title: Shredded Carrot Salad with Mustard Seeds, picturelink: null}, 5338: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Put the chicken in a pot along with the onions, garlic, lemon rinds, olive oil, cumin, coriander, ginger, saffron and turmeric. Add a couple glasses of water and cook, covered, until the chicken is done, 40 minutes to 1 hour, removing the lid if there is too much liquid so that some can evaporate. The dish should be quite liquid, but its not a stew. At the end of cooking, add the olives. Serve sprinkled with fresh coriander.nPer serving: Calories:315 Total Fat: 18.5 grams Saturated Fat: 3 grams Protein: 28 grams Total carbohydrates: 10 grams Sugar: 3 grams Fiber: 4 grams Cholesterol: 104 milligrams Sodium: 880 milligrams, ingredients: [4 chicken legs, split at the thigh and skinned, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 onions, grated or sliced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Rinds of 2 confit lemons, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ginger, 2 pinches saffron, 1 pinch ground turmeric, 1 cup165 g green olives with pits, Generous handful or two of fresh coriander leaves, roughly chopped], title: Chicken Tagine with Olives and Citron Confit, picturelink: null}, 5339: {instructions: Wash and peel potatoes, cut into wedges. Toss with oil and garlic cloves. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 1 hour, or until browned. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 pounds potatoes, Kosher for Passover vegetable oil, 1 head garlic, separated into cloves, Salt and pepper], title: Bens Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 5340: {instructions: In a preheated 400 degree oven, roast the tomatillos and the jalapenos together until the skins on the tomatillos blister. Place the tomatillos and the jalapenos in a food processor and blend. In a saute pan, heat the olive oil and add the onions, cook on low heat, approximately 10 to 12 minutes, until caramelized. Add garlic and cook for an additional minute. Add the onions and garlic to the tomatillos mixture and the epazote, cilantro and chicken broth. Blend to combine.nIn a separate saucepan, heat the vegetable oil to 325 degrees. Use a high temperate thermometer for accurate temperature. Cut the tortillas in quarters and fry until crispy. Drain the tortillas and set aside. Combine the tomatillos mixture, tortillas and eggs in a large saute pan and simmer for about 3 to 4 minutes, or until the eggs are cooked.nTo serve, spoon the chilaquiles onto a plate and top them with the cheeses. Melt in a hot oven and serve with your favorite hot sauce. Top the chilaquiles with sour cream and a little chopped cilantro., ingredients: [15 tomatillos, 4 jalapenos cut in half, 1 Spanish onion, 4 cloves of garlic, 2 leaves epazote, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 4 cups chicken broth, 14 cup olive oil, 15 corn tortillas, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup cheddar cheese, shredded, 1 cup asaderostyle cheese, shredded, 6 eggs, Salt and pepper], title: Chilaquiles with Roasted Tomatillos, picturelink: null}, 5341: {instructions: Lay a long piece of plastic wrap over your cutting board and tuck it underneath the sides of the board. Covering the chicken with the plastic will also keep the mess down when you pound with the meat mallet. The chicken breasts should be placed on the covered cutting board, skin side down, with enough space between them so they can lay flat after you butterfly them. To make the butterfly cut, carefully slice open without slicing the chicken all the way through and spread the flesh of the chicken out so you will be able to pound it out into a single thin piece on which you will place stuffing and then roll up. Season the breasts with salt and pepper. Then put another length of plastic wrap over the seasoned chicken breasts and flatten with meat mallet to integrate the seasoning into the chicken. Pound chicken thin.nLay 1 slice of prosciutto ham on each breast. Add 3 leaves of spinach and 4 pieces of sundried tomatoes on each breast. Fold in each end and roll tightly. Place on sheet tray and freeze until firm. It does not have to be frozen completely hard, but this makes it easier to handle when breading.nPreheat a deepfryer to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWhile the chicken roulade is hardening in the freezer, prepare the tomato demiglace. In a saucepan, saute garlic and then deglaze the pan with the wine. Add stock and tomato puree. Boil over medium heat until reduced by half. Add the demiglace brown sauce and let simmer until thickened medium thickness.nWhen the chicken is firm, set up a breading station. Whisk together 3 eggs and 1 cup of the halfandhalf for the egg wash. Begin with this amount and whisk more together if needed. Then set up a bowl each of: flour, then egg wash, and then Italian bread crumbs. Evenly coat rolled frozen chicken with flour not too much or bread crumbs wont stick. Dip floured rolled chicken into egg wash, then into bread crumbs. In a deepfat fryer, lightly fry until golden brown. Finish in the oven for 15 minutes until completely cooked through. Remove from oven and let rest.nBoil the potatoes until tender. Then mash the potatoes and whip chopped chives, butter, salt and freshly ground pepper into the potatoes with a beater.nReheat the tomato demiglace and to finish remove from heat, and immediately whisk in fresh thyme and 1 tablespoon butter.nSlice each chicken roll to expose the stuffed interior. Place mashed potatoes in center of each plate, drizzle white truffle oil over the potatoes. Lay chicken roulade over potatoes., ingredients: [6 6ounce boneless chicken breasts, skin on, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 slices prosciutto ham, 18 leaves fresh spinach, 24 pieces sundried tomatoes, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 14 cup red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 14 cup tomato puree, 1 cup demiglace brown sauce, 3 to 6 whole eggs, as needed, 1 to 2 cups halfandhalf, as needed, 2 cups allpurpose flour, or as needed, 2 cups Italian flavored breadcrumbs, or as needed, 1 liter canola oil, 4 medium to large potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, 12 bunch chives, chopped, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon for potatoes, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, White truffle oil, to taste 2 or 3 tablespoons], title: Chicken Roulade Stuffed with Prosciutto, Spinach and SunDried Tomatoes with White Truffle Potatoes, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 5342: {instructions: Place syrup in a small sauce pot. Turn heat on low. Add cinnamon stick to the pot. Stud the orange rind with cloves and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove spices with slotted spoon and transfer to a serving pitcher., ingredients: [2 cups maple syrup, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 large piece orange rind, 3 whole cloves], title: Mulled Maple Syrup, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 5343: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a griddle or nonstick pan over medium heat.nCombine the oats, cottage cheese, sweet potato puree, salt, eggs and cinnamon if using together in a blender and combine until smooth.nPour about 14 cup of the batter per pancake onto the griddle and cook until starting to brown a little, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Repeat for the rest of the batter and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup quick oats, 1 cup cottage cheese, 12 cup sweet potato puree or puree of your choice, Pinch salt, 2 eggs, Pinch cinnamon, optional], title: Quick Oats Sweet Potato Pancakes, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 5344: {instructions: In shaker filled with ice, add all ingredients. Shake well, then strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish, if desired, with lemon peel.nServing suggestion: Moisten rim of chilled martini glass with lemon wedge, then coat with colored sugar., ingredients: [2 ounces of Pure Leafu00bf Lemon Iced Tea, 2 ounces pomegranate juice], title: Pomegranate MarTeaNi, picturelink: YEWRXDK0FBnqRGW2zYOyrFQLof3TzMa}, 5345: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter an 8inch square baking pan. Whisk the muffin mix and chili powder in a large bowl to blend. Mix in the milk and eggs. Stir in the tomatoes. Spread the batter in the prepared pan. Bake until the corn bread is firm to the touch and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Cool slightly. Cut into squares and serve hot., ingredients: [12 tablespoon butter, 2 8 12ounce packages corn muffin mix recommended: Jiffy, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 23 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, stirred to blend, 12 cup drained oilpacked sundried tomatoes, chopped], title: Spicy Italian Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 5346: {instructions: Wrapper: In a food processor blend the dry ingredients. Add the sour cream and pulse just until it comes together. Bring it into a ball, wrap in plastic, and chill while you prepare the apples.nFilling: Peel and halve the apples and remove the cores with a melon baller. In a food processor, cream together the sugar, cinnamon and butter. Place a spoonful of this in the center of the apple halves then put the halves together to encase it.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and roll it out to 18inch thick on a floured surface. Cut into large squares and wrap the apples in it, sealing the edges by painting with milk and pinching. Drop into boiling water with the lemon half in it, cover tightly, and let simmer 15 minutes. Whip the heavy cream, sugar, and sour cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups sifted flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 cups sour cream, 8 Granny Smith apples, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 8 tablespoons butter, 14 cup milk, 12 lemon, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup sour cream, Pastry brush], title: Michigan Apple Dumpling, picturelink: null}, 5347: {instructions: Bring water to a boil for the pasta. In a serving mixing bowl combine the tomatoes, scallions and mozzarella and set aside. Add fresh pasta to water and cook quickly just until al dente drain and place in serving bowl. In a medium size skillet melt butter with olive oil. Add watercress and arugula and saute for a couple of minutes just to wilt. Add yellow bell pepper and saute a minute just to begin cooking and remove from heat. Add arugula mixture and toss the ingredients together with salt and pepper red flakes. Transfer to a bowl and sprinkle fresh radish and cucumbers on top., ingredients: [12 pound vine ripened tomatoes, washed and cut into small dice, 14 cup scallions, thinly sliced, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella, packed in water, cut into small dice, 12 pound fresh fettuccine, 1 tablespoons each butter and olive oil, 1 bunch watercress, washed and most of stems discarded, 1 bunch arugula, washed and stems discarded, 12 cup finely slivered yellow bell pepper, Salt and dried red pepper flakes, Very fine julienne of fresh red radish and seeded kirby cucumber], title: Pasta with Fresh Vegetables and Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 5348: {instructions: Add the iced tea and lemonade to a pitcher and stir to combine. Divide evenly between two chilled pint glasses. Top each glass with 2 cups beer. Garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup storebought peachflavored sweetened iced tea, chilled, 2 cups storebought lemonade, chilled, 4 cups light lager beer, chilled, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Sweet TeaandLemonade Lager, picturelink: 3Gj81SMw.CmfnwVCaIn7kKOuIFARX6}, 5349: {instructions: Mix the various peppercorns in a wide flat dish. Coat the steaks with the cracked pepper and season with salt. Place the olive oil in a cast iron skillet and heat one minute before adding the steaks. If necessary cook the steaks in two batches. Cook over medium heat 3 minutes on each side for medium rare. Place the steaks on warm serving plates. Drain the excess fat from the pan and carefully add the bourbon, away from the heat. Reduce the heat to low and reduce the bourbon until the pan is nearly dry. Add the veal stock, bring to a boil, cook 3 to 5 minutes, and finish by swirling the heavy cream and butter into the sauce. Remove from the heat and divide the sauce among the steaks., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cracked black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons crushed green peppercorns, 2 tablespoons pink peppercorns, 4 8ounce New York cut strip steaks, trimmed of all visible fat, Coarse salt to taste, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 13 cup good Kentucky bourbon, 1 cup veal stock, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Bourbon Pepper Steak, picturelink: null}, 5350: {instructions: Warm olive oil in a medium saucepan. Add rice and onion. Stir until rice is well coated and translucent around edges, about 2 minutes. Add water and salt. Stir, cover, reduce heat to low and cook 20 minutes. Remove from heat and let rest, covered, for 5 minutes. Fluff rice. Then gently mix in remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 cup white basmati rice, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cups water, 2 teaspoons salt, 14 cup sliced apricots, 2 tablespoons chopped currants, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves], title: Bollywood Basmati, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 5351: {instructions: Combine the onion powder, garlic powder, dried dill, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a small bowl. Put the wings in a large bowl and toss with 1 12 cups buttermilk, the onion slices and 1 teaspoon of the spice mix cover and refrigerate 2 hours. Drain well, discarding the onion.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Brush a rimmed baking sheet with vegetable oil. Toss the wings with all but 1 teaspoon of the remaining spice mix and spread on the baking sheet. Roast until browned and crisp, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the ranchchipotle sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, the remaining 2 tablespoons buttermilk, the vinegar, sugar, hot sauce and chives in a bowl. Add the reserved 1 teaspoon spice mix and season with salt. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nTransfer the wings to a platter and serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon chipotle hot sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons dried dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joints tips removed, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 small onion, sliced into thick rings, Vegetable oil, for brushing], title: RanchChipotle Chicken Wings, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 5352: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread the almonds on a baking sheet and toast for 15 minutes, or until deep golden brown. Let cool.nSet aside 36 almonds. Grind the remaining almonds to a coarse powder in a food processor or in small batches in a coffee grinder. Transfer to a medium mixing bowl and sift in the flour, baking soda, and baking powder.nIn a large mixing bowl, with a wooden spoon, beat the butter and sugar until blended. Beat the egg, then beat in the orange zest, juice, vanilla, and salt. Stir in the flouralmond mixture.nPinch off a tablespoon of dough at a time, roll into a ball between the palms of your hands, and place 3 inches apart on greased baking sheets. Flatten the balls to 12 inch thick under your palms, then gently coax the edges inward to create a loose square shape. Press a whole almond in the center of each cookie.nBake the cookies for 30 to 35 minutes, or until deep golden brown. Let cool for 5 minutes before removing from the pans, then cool on a rack. The cookies will become very crunchy as they cool., ingredients: [2 cups blanched whole almonds, divided, 4 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 7 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch of salt], title: Crunchy OrangeAlmond Cookies Nzuddi, picturelink: null}, 5353: {instructions: Beat veal slices until very thin  remove sinew from side if meat. Place 14 cup of olive oil into a heated pan, add the veal slices seasoned with salt and pepper and then lower heat under pan and lightly fry on both sides. Place 2 tablespoons of olive oil into a separate pan on the heat and add the garlic, fry gently and then add the tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper and add oregano. Reduce heat and cook slowly for a few minutes. Add the meat juices to the tomato sauce and the Worcestershire sauce. Place a slice of mozzarella cheese on each veal slice and using a perforated spoon place the tomatoes and some of the sauce over the veal. Cover and allow to simmer 5 minutes. Place the remaining sauce through a sieve. Add the parsley. Place the veal on a serving dish and powder heavily with Parmesan cheese and place under the broiler for 2 minutes to brown. Serve sauce separately in a sauceboat., ingredients: [2 thin slices of veal Leg cut, 14 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and black pepper, 3 garlic cloves, crushed and finely chopped, 1 12 pounds tomatoes, skinned and chopped, Sprig fresh oregano or 12 teaspoon dried, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 thin slices mozzarella cheese, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Veal Pizzaiola, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 5354: {instructions: Blend all ingredients in blender. Adjust seasoning to taste., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 18 cup water, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup cider vinegar, About 14 cup Dijon mustard, 18 cup Sriracha sauce, 12 tablespoons sea salt, 12 teaspoons ground dried ginger, 12 teaspoons celery seed, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Honky Tonk Sweet and Spicy Salad Dressing, picturelink: null}, 5355: {instructions: Fry chorizo in a frying pan with oil in pan until cooked to your liking. Pour the beaten eggs over the cooked chorizo and mix well together. Cook until eggs are cooked to your liking. Heat the flour tortillas and pour chorizo and eggs into each of 4 tortillas and wrap. Cover with red or green salsa.nGrind the pork in a meat grinder set on the coarsest grind. Add garlic, salt, red chile, and oil and mix by hand. Form into patties. Chorizo is ready to freeze or cook and serve., ingredients: [24 ounces cooked Chile Chorizo, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons oil, 12 eggs, beaten, 4 flour tortillas, Red or Green Salsa, store bought, optional, 2 12 pounds pork meat, 12 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 cup red chile powder, 12 tablespoon oil], title: Chorizo Breakfast Burrito, picturelink: null}, 5356: {instructions: In shallow dishes, mix the flour, salt and black pepper. Place the egg in another dish and the panko and thyme in a third. Dredge the eggplant in the flour, then egg, and then panko. Deep fry at 350 degrees until golden, about 5 minutes. Season lightly with salt and drain on paper towels.nIn a saucepan, heat the chicken stock and whisk in the miso and ginger. Season and check. Heat through and add scallions, tofu and noodles. In a bowl, whisk together vinegar, sesame oil, sugar and white pepper. Toss with greens and mushrooms to coat. Check for seasoning.nPLATING In large pasta bowls, ladle in the noodle soup. Slice the eggplant in half on the bias and place on top of the noodles. Top with salad.nWine Suggestion: Pacific Echo Brut Rose, ingredients: [1 large eggplant, cut into 4 14inch thick slices, 2 cups all purpose flour, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced, 4 cups vegetable stock, 3 tablespoons shiro miso light, 12 tablespoon ginger julienne, 4 scallions, sliced 116inch thick, 1 4ounce piece 5spice or smoked tofu, julienned, 1 pound fresh udon noodles blanched dried noodles would work, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame seed oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 pinch ground white pepper, 3 cups tatsoi or mizuna, 1 2ounce package enoki mushrooms], title: Panko Crusted Eggplant Steak with Miso Udon Noodles, picturelink: null}, 5357: {instructions: Mix the garlic and salt and crush into a paste. Brush the meat with the paste, then chilli sauce, cover and refrigerate for 24 hours.nCut the meat into 1 to 2 inch cubes.nWash the clams thoroughly in several changes of water. Fry the meat in the lard for 10 minutes, or until brown. Add the clams and cook over a high heat so they open quickly, discard any that do not open.nServe at once., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 12 pound pork loin, 2 tablespoons chilli sauce, 4 tablespoons lard, 2 pounds clams], title: Pork with Clams, picturelink: null}, 5358: {instructions: Fill a large pot with salted water. Bring to a boil and immediately add the lobsters. Cook for 7 minutes.nRemove the lobsters, split them, brush them with melted butter and place under a broiler for another 78 minutes, or just until the meat is cooked and the top is nicely browned.nIf desired, a minute before removing from broiler, you may sprinkle the green tomalley with buttered bread crumbs., ingredients: [4 live lobsters, about 1 12 lbs. each, melted butter, buttered bread crumbs optional], title: Broiled Lobster, New York RestaurantStyle, picturelink: null}, 5359: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all the ingredients into a pot and cook slowly on low heat until thick. It will take 1 or 2 hours of patience and watching, but worth it when it is time to have it with the brie. This is a Robin White original recipe and can come out different according to the type of pumpkin you choose. Some pumpkins are dryer than others, so if it appears too dry then add no more than a 12 cup of apple cider or apple juice in the beginning. The most important thing is LOW heat and patience. EnjoynSoak an untreated, must be untreated cedar shingle in wine or apple juice or anything you want for about 1 hour. Place shingle on grill with brie cheese with only the top cut off. Top with chutney of your choice. Cover and cook for 5 to 10 minutes depending on grill heat. Serve spread on fruit slices, bread, crackers whatever it is great., ingredients: [1 pound pumpkin flesh, preferably a sweet type pumpkin, 2 tablespoons good quality extravirgin olive oil, 12 large onion, preferably Walla Walla, Maui or other sweet onion, 1 clove garlic, well minced, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 3 quartersize slices fresh ginger, Dash cayenne pepper, or to taste, 1 teaspoon ground mustard, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 cup apricot jam, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup raisins, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 red chile, any kind or your preference, leave whole and pick out after cooking, Brie cheese], title: Pumpkin Chutney, picturelink: V0qjVB712SFx5edXUbb0wmjAvVCJm36}, 5360: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut out and discard the thick stems. Clean and cut the leaves dry them with a salad spinner or paper towels. Toss the kale with the oil and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Transfer the kale to a rimmed baking sheet, and bake for about 15 minutes. Remove it from the baking sheet, and let cool., ingredients: [1 bunch dino lacinato kale, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kale Chips, picturelink: FovPIJhDCyIWsc7pbgVFIP4SEq2bC26}, 5361: {instructions: Special equipment: wooden skewersnWash the lamb neck and pat it dry with paper towels. In a medium bowl, mix together the pineapple juice, vinegar, sugar, and adjust the seasonings with salt, and pepper. Transfer the lamb to a bowl and pour over half of the marinade. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and set the meat in the refrigerator to marinate for 1 hour or up to 4 hours.nSoak the wooden skewers in cold water for at least 30 minutes prior to cooking the kebabs. The water will help prevent them from burning.nDice the bell peppers and onions into 1 14inch cubes. Using a sharp knife, remove the skin from the pineapple, quarter the fruit lengthwise and discard the hard central core from each piece. Cut the pineapple flesh as well as the banana into similarsized chunks. Thread the bell peppers, onions, pineapple, banana, and lamb evenly onto the soaked skewers to make 10 to 12 generously laden kebabs.nHeat a griddle pan over high heat or preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat and lightly oil the grates, or preheat the broiler. Brush the kebabs with some oil. Place the kebabs onto the grill, turning frequently, and using the remaining marinade for basting. They should be done after around 10 minutes, turning frequently., ingredients: [1 1 12pounds lamb neck fillet or boneless leg of lamb, trimmed and cut into 1 14inch chunks, 34 cup pineapple juice, 4 tablespoons malt vinegar, 12 cup molasses sugar or brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cold water, as needed, 2 large green bell peppers, seeded, 2 large red bell peppers, seeded, 2 red onions, 1 fresh pineapple, 3 large bananas, just ripe, Sunflower or groundnut oil peanut, for brushing], title: Lamb, Bell Pepper and Pineapple Kebabs, picturelink: null}, 5362: {instructions: For the dough: Put the flour and salt into the bowl of a food processor and whirl it up until the flour is fully aerated and fluffy.nAdd the butter and cream cheese and pulse several times, until the butter and cream cheese are roughly broken down into pieces the size of lima beans. They wont all be the same size.nAdd 4 tablespoons cold water to the flour mixture and pulse several times again. The flour should be starting to clump up with the butter and cream cheese, which will look more distinct in the mixture now. Pinch a bit of the flour and fats together in your fingers. If they stick together, the dough is ready. Most of the time, it might take a couple more tablespoons of water to make the dough cohere. The mixture should look like cheese curds. Dont add so much water that the dough comes together in one clump.nDump the dough onto a piece of parchment paper, taking care to remove the blade of the food processor. Using the heel of your hand, press the curds of dough together to form a coherent pie dough. Fold the dough onto itself several times, like turning the pages of a book. This will make the final dough flakier. Shape the dough into one large ball, then cut it into 2 pieces and flatten each piece into a small disc. Wrap the discs of dough in plastic wrap and put them in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nFor the pie: Meanwhile, put the apples, sugar, flour, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg into a large bowl and toss them together. Let the filling sit while the pie dough is chilling.nPull one of the discs of dough out of the refrigerator and put it on a piece of parchment paper. Gently flatten it just a touch. Put another piece of parchment paper on top and roll out the dough, moving the rolling pin in small increments, like moving around the face of a clock. When the dough is large enough to be just bigger than a 9inch pie pan, peel off the top piece of parchment paper and flip the dough onto a pie pan. Peel off the parchment paper. If any pieces stick to the paper, dont worry simply peel them off and pat them in place.nTumble the apple filling into the pie shell. Roll out the remaining disc of dough the same way and put it on top of the pie. Tuck the edges together and crimp them. Make 3 slits in the top of the pie for steam vents. Put the pie into the freezer, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPut the pie onto the prepared baking sheet and bake 15 minutes, then drop the temperature to 375 degrees F and bake until the crust is warm and browned and the juices from the apples are oozing out of the pie, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nAllow the pie to cool to room temperature before slicing into it, about 1 hour., ingredients: [350 grams 2 12 cups glutenfree allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 175 grams 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 1inch cubes, 75 grams about 4 tablespoons cold cream cheese, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 to 10 tablespoons icecold water, 5 cups peeled and sliced apples, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup glutenfree allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg], title: GlutenFree Apple Pie, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 5363: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a bowl combine cottage cheese and spinach. Take each lasagna noodle and place 2 teaspoons of mixture at one end, then roll up. Place in an 8 by 8inch baking pan that has been sprayed with a nonstick cooking spray. Continue until all are rolled up. Set aside.nMix the flour and milk in a small covered container and shake until blended. Place in a small saucepan over medium heat and stir constantly until slightly thickened. Add chopped tomato and pour over noodles.nGarnish the top with parsley or oregano and minced garlic if desired. Bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes, ingredients: [6 to 8 lasagna noodles, cooked, 1 cup nonfat cottage cheese, 1 cup spinach, chopped, cooked and welldrained, 1 12 cups skim milk, 2 tablespoons flour, 14 cup chopped tomato, Parsley, oregano, garlic optional], title: Labrador Lasagna Bake, picturelink: null}, 5364: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven preheat to 350 degrees. Prepare the cakes: Brush a 6 or 12cup mini Bundt or muffin pan with the melted butter. Lightly dust with flour and shake out the excess.nPulse the granulated sugar and lemon zest in a blender until combined. Add the eggs one at a time, then gradually pour in the olive oil and milk, pulsing until emulsified into a thin batter, about 30 seconds. Dont overblend or the cakes will be too puffy.nWhisk 1 cup flour, the baking powder, salt and 1 teaspoon thyme in a small bowl. Add to the blender in 2 batches, pulsing lightly until just combined stop to scrape down the sides of the blender as needed. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until the cakes just begin to pull away from the sides of the pan and spring back when lightly touched, 28 to 30 minutes for a 6cup Bundt pan and 22 to 25 minutes for a 12cup Bundt or muffin pan. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then loosen the sides with a small knife and invert the cakes onto a rack.nMeanwhile, prepare the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, lemon juice and butter until smooth, adding more lemon juice if the mixture is too thick. Drizzle over the warm cakes and garnish with thyme sprigs.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 13 cups granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons grated lemon zest from 2 lemons, 2 large eggs, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 23 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh thyme, plus sprigs for garnish, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 12 to 3 tablespoons lemon juice from 1 to 2 lemons, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Mini Olive Oil Cakes with Lemon Glaze, picturelink: 8XAm6BNOzOUCTkCzhF1C1Kl7FMEI2}, 5365: {instructions: Using a sharp paring knife, start at the top of the cob and score the middle of each row of kernels. The object here is to puncture the individual casings so that it is easier to force out the contents as described in step 2. The depth of the incision, as well as your ability to slice a straight line, is of no consequence.nGrab your largest pot and a common dinner knife. Hold the cob inside the pot. Starting at the top of the cob, run the backside of the blade down the cob, using pressure to force out the meat and milk from the casings. Be forewarned, this is a messy job hence the pot that requires a healthy amount of muscle power. If possible, do this outdoors.nDiscard the cobs and transfer the corn mash to a smaller pot. If you decide to add butter andor chipotle do it here. Warm over a medium heat for a few watchful minutes, stirring frequently. If you warm corn for too long, or over too high a temperature, the natural liquids will evaporate and the corn will become gooey.nSeason with salt and pepper, and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ears corn, husked, 2 tablespoons butter, optional, 14 teaspoon chipotle chili powder, optional, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: I Cant Believe Its Not Creamed Corn, picturelink: null}, 5366: {instructions: Cook 1 diced shallot in butter, 2 minutes. Add 12 diced green apple cook 1 minute. Add 1 teaspoon chopped parsley, then let cool. Mash 6 hardboiled egg yolks, the apple mixture, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon dijon mustard, and salt and pepper. Spoon into the egg whites top with lemon thyme or mint.nPhotographs by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Apple Deviled Eggs, picturelink: nlCq2qUm25Pc2yH5SOzaCuK2RPfv0S}, 5367: {instructions: Drizzle feta with olive oil and lemon juice. Sprinkle with oregano and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to stand at room temperature for 30 minutes, or marinate in the refrigerator overnight. Serve at room temperature.nCombine all ingredients in a heavy duty resealable bag preferably freezer bag. Remove all air from bag prior to sealing. Refrigerate and let olives marinate overnight, turning once. Remove contents of bag to serving bowl., ingredients: [8 ounces feta cheese, cut into 12inch thick slices, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Juice one lemon, 12 teaspoon dried Greek oregano, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 12 pound Calamata olives, drained, 12 pound cracked green olives, drained, 14 pound Thassos olives, drained, 2 tablespoons dried Greek oregano, Pinch Aleppo pepper crushed red pepper can be substituted, Zest and juice one lemon, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 1 cup olive oil, Fresh ground pepper, to taste], title: Feta Cheese and Marinated Greek Olives, picturelink: null}, 5368: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice. Stir gently and strain into a chilled cocktail glass., ingredients: [1 ounce vanillaflavored vodka, 1 ounce Frangelico, 12 ounce Cointreau], title: Creme Brulee Martini, picturelink: null}, 5369: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the fried chicken: Preheat the oven to its lowest temperature setting.nMix the flour, seafood seasoning, salt and pepper in a large ziptop bag. Drop in the chicken pieces you will probably have to do this in batches and shake to coat.nPour the oil into a deep 12inch castiron skillet to a depth of 1 inch. Heat it over high heat until a drop of water bubbles. Shake any excess seasoning mix off the chicken and put it skinside down in the skillet, in batches if necessary to avoid overcrowding. Cook on one side, uncovered, for 15 minutes, then turn the chicken pieces over and fry until golden brown, about 15 minutes more. Drain the chicken on paper towels. Keep warm in the oven while you finish frying the rest of the chicken.nFor the pan gravy: Pour off the oil, leaving approximately 3 tablespoons in the skillet, and turn the heat to medium. Add the flour while whisking, mixing in the crunchy bits and cooking for 5 minutes. Pour in the milk and bring it to a low boil, whisking constantly and cooking for another 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve with the fried chicken.nNote: This recipe differs from what was originally broadcast., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, Two 4 to 5pound fryer chickens, cut into pieces, rinsed and patted dry, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups warm milk, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: General Gilberts California Fried Chicken with Pan Gravy, picturelink: JSgYWzKnFUQfYE15pZpriu3IXqD8Ka}, 5370: {instructions: Position 2 oven racks in the center of the oven, and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nRoll out 1 puff pastry sheet with a rolling pin on a lightly floured work surface to a 12inch square.nWhisk the egg in a small bowl with 1 tablespoon water until blended.nBrush the dough with a thin layer of the egg wash. Sprinkle half the Asiago onto the dough, and press it in with the rolling pin or the back of a measuring cup. Cut the dough in half horizontally a pizza roller is very handy for this. Place one half on top of the other, cheeseside up.nCut the dough into 12inch vertical strips you should have 24. Pick up 1 strip with a hand on each end, and twist in opposite directions until you have made a spiral. Place the spiral on the baking sheet, and gently pinch the ends to adhere them to the parchment. Continue with the remaining strips, placing them about an inch apart, 12 per baking sheet. Brush the twisted dough with the egg wash, and bake until golden and puffy, 15 to 17 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through. Let cool completely on the baking sheet. Repeat the process with the remaining puff pastry and cheese to make 24 more cheese straws. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [One 17.3ounce package frozen puff pastry, thawed, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups shredded Asiago cheese], title: Kids Can Make: Cheese Straws, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 5371: {instructions: Prepare the pork: Pound the meat between 2 pieces of plastic wrap with a heavy skillet or mallet until thin. Crack the egg into a shallow bowl and add a touch of cold water whisk to blend. Put the flour in a separate shallow bowl. Combine the breadcrumbs and parmesan in a third bowl season with salt and pepper. Dip each slice of pork in the flour, then the egg, then the breadcrumb mixture, turning to coat. Place in a single layer on a baking sheet set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Remove from the heat and add the pork slices in a single layer. Return to the heat and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and flip the pork cook 2 to 3 more minutes, or until cooked through. Transfer to paper towels to drain slice into strips.nMake the salad: Wipe out the skillet. Add the olive oil and tomatoes and increase the heat to high. Season with salt, add the red pepper flakes and cook until the tomatoes blister, 1 to 2 minutes stir in the basil and lemon juice. Place half of the spinach in a medium bowl. Pour the tomatoes and any pan juices over the spinach and toss to wilt slightly taste for seasoning. Toss with the remaining spinach. Divide among plates and top with the pork. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [12 pound pork top round or pork shoulder, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 large egg, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon grated parmesan cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, For the salad:, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pint multicolored cherry tomatoes, Kosher salt, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 8 fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 10 cups baby spinach about 6 ounces], title: Warm Spinach Salad With Pork Milanese, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 5372: {instructions: In a large pot of boiling water with the sea salt, blanch the carrots, celeriac, and leeks separately cook according to your personal taste. Transfer vegetables to a large bowl.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the cream until thick and add the basil and chopped fennel. Add the chopped onions and beets to the bowl of vegetables, mix well and season with salt and pepper. Divide vegetables into separate soup plates, add a dollop of cream. Garnish with fresh herbs., ingredients: [8 mini carrots, tops trimmed and peeled, 3 12 ounces celeriac, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 8 small leeks, white only and washed well, Sea salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 10 basil leaves, 2 small fennel bulbs, trimmed, finely chopped, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 12 tablespoons finely diced cooked beets, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh Herbs, chopped, for garnish], title: Seasonal Vegetables with Double Cream and Mediterranean Herbs, picturelink: null}, 5373: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray two 9inch round cake pans with cooking spray and dust with flour.nnPut the flour, baking powder and salt into the bowl of a food processor. Add the sugar and pulse a few times to combine evenly. Cut the butter into small pieces and add to the dry ingredients. Pulse until the mixture looks like coarse sand, with some peasize bits of butter, about 5 times.nnWhisk the milk, vanilla and eggs together in a liquid measuring cup. With the processor running, pour in the wet ingredients and process to make a smooth batter this takes less than a minute. Divide the batter between the prepared pans and bake until a toothpick or small skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, about 35 minutes.nnCool the cakes on a rack for 15 minutes. Then run a knife around the edges of the pans and turn the cakes out onto a plate. Flip the cakes upright and cool completely on the rack, about 45 minutes. This is importanticing a warm cake is not a happy thing., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 cups cake flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 2 12 cups sugar, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Basic Vanilla Cake 2, picturelink: 0ye8XS7fk8S9WXxw9bbQ3oZs4oF0cbW}, 5374: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, bring the leeks, potatoes, water, and salt to the boil over high heat. Cover partially, reduce heat, and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes until the vegetables are tender. Correct the seasoning, to taste, and puree with a handheld immersion blender, or in batches in a food processor.nWhisk in the cream and reheat before serving. Top each serving with a dollop of creme fraiche and sprinkling of fresh chives., ingredients: [3 cups sliced leeks, white and tender green parts, 3 cups peeled and roughly chopped baking potatoes, like russets, 6 cups water, 112 teaspoons salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 13 cup minced chives or parsley], title: Cream of Leek and Potato Soup, picturelink: beRyaTQ5L.u9K7IBLRMh.db4YNwclGm}, 5375: {instructions: Combine powdered drink mix, soda, tequila, and lime juice in a glass or shaker. Stir to dissolve the drink mix. Pour into a margarita glass with lots of crushed ice. Finish it off with a slice of lime on the rim of the glass, if using. Time to enjoy, ingredients: [1 2serving packet sugarfree lemonade powdered drink mix about 1 teaspoon, 6 ounces diet lemonlime soda, 1 12 ounces tequila, 1 ounce lime juice, Crushed ice, as needed, Lime slice, for serving, optional], title: HGs Magical LowCalorie Margarita, picturelink: null}, 5376: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread pita triangles on a sheet tray. Bake in the oven until crisp and slightly toasted. Chips will need to be rotated twice while baking.nIn a bowl combine avocados, garlic, cumin and salt. Use an electric hand mixer to mix ingredients together. Add lime juice, cream cheese and goat cheese pulsing until smooth and blended well. Add a bit more salt, if necessary., ingredients: [1 package wholewheat pita chips cut into 6 triangles each, 3 ripe avocados, peeled pitted and cut into chunks, 2 cloves minced garlic, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more, if needed, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 4 ounces cream cheese, 4 ounces goat cheese], title: Avocado Goat Cheese Dip with WholeWheat Pita Chips, picturelink: VZqbAXQP6YGSGooSoWAXVpKZhdeC2}, 5377: {instructions: The candied orange I use is quite soft. You can candy your own or buy it in the store. If the one you buy is hard, rehydrate it in some sugar syrup.nPlace the almond paste, candied orange, apricot puree, honey and Grand Marnier to the bowl of the stand mixer fitted with a paddle and mix until combined you can also knead together by hand. You may need to adjust the amount of Grand Marnier depending on the texture of the paste. Roll out the almond paste mixture to 38inch thick layer. I used some 38inch thick rulers as guides so my almond paste would be rolled perfectly flat. You could use 2 wooden spoons. Let this sit overnight uncoverednUse an offset spatula to spread a 116inch thick layer of Royal Icing on top of the rolled almond paste. Place this in the freezer until the Royal Icing sets, about 30 minutes, uncovered.nUse a sharp chefs knife coated with vegetable cooking spray to cut the Caillison dAix into diamond shapes. These are most often served after dessert.nTo make royal icing: Combine the egg white and powdered sugar in a mediumsize mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until opaque and shiny, about 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and continue whipping until completely incorporated, about 3 minutes. The lemon juice whitens the royal icing. The royal icing should be light, fluffy, and slightly stiff. You may need to adjust the consistency by adding more egg whites if the icing is too dry or more powdered sugar if it is too wet.nPlace the royal icing in a small piping bag or paper cornet., ingredients: [1 pound plus 2 ounces 500 grams almond paste, 14 cup or 2 ounces 50 grams candied orange peel, 2 tablespoons 50 grams fresh apricots puree or apricots jam, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 to 4 tablespoons 25 to 50 grams Grand Marnier, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 1 large egg white, 1 12 cup powdered sugar, 12 lemon, juiced and strained], title: Caillison dAix, picturelink: null}, 5378: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2 12 to 3inch round cookie cutternPosition oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two rimmed baking sheets with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt together in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg, vanilla and peppermint extract if using, and beat until just combined. Add the flour mixture and beat on low speed until combined. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead several times with your hands to bring the dough together. Divide the dough in half and wrap each half in plastic wrap. Refrigerate to chill slightly, about 10 minutes or refrigerate half the dough and freeze the other half for later use.nGenerously dust a work surface with flour. Place one half of the dough on top and dust with more flour. Roll out into a round slightly less than 14inch thick and about 14 inches in diameter, adding a little more flour as necessary to prevent sticking. If the dough cracks, press it back together with your fingers and smooth with the rolling pin. Use a 2 12 to 3inch round cookie cutter to cut out cookies. Transfer the cookies one of the prepared baking sheets, leaving about 12 inch between each cookie. Gather the scraps and refrigerate. Repeat with the second half of the dough.nBake, rotating the position of the baking sheets halfway through, until slightly puffed and a shade darker on the underside, about 10 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely the cookies will crisp as they cool.nGather all of the dough scraps together and roll out in the same manner. Cut out cookies and bake. Discard any remaining scraps., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, optional], title: Crispy ChocolateMint Cookies, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 5379: {instructions: Place chicken, onion, carrot, bacon rinds and clarified butter in stockpot. Cover and cook on medium heat for 5 minutes to steam. Add cold water to cover by 1inch. Add bay leaf, increase heat and bring to boil, uncovered. Skim foam from surface, reduce heat to simmer, cover and cook for 1 hour.nWhile chicken is still warm, strip meat off bones and place on plate. Cover chicken meat with a little cooking liquid to keep moist cool in refrigerator.nPlace carcass back in cooking liquid and crush bones. Bring to boil and reduce liquid by half. Cool and skim off fat. Strain 2 12 cups for use.nAdd milk to strained stock and boil. Knead together flour and butter and add to milk and stock, whisking until smooth. Do not boil. Season with salt and pepper.nStrain liquid from cooled chicken meat into medium saucepan. Add 2 12 cups water and rice, cooking until done. Add 12cup asparagus spears and 12 shrimp to rice.nAdd chicken meat, remaining asparagus and remaining shrimp to sauce. Add wine and heat through gently. To serve, lay chicken and sauce over rice. Dust with parsley and cayenne., ingredients: [1 3 pound roasting chicken, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 medium carrot, sliced, 3 to 4 pieces bacon rinds, 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 1 bay leaf, 2 12 cups milk, 1 cup flour, 12 cup butter, Salt, to taste, White pepper, to taste, 1 pound long grain rice, washed and strained, 1 cup asparagus tips, cooked, 5 jumbo shrimp, peeled and cooked, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 stalks parsley, finely chopped, Cayenne pepper, to taste], title: Chicken Treenestar, picturelink: null}, 5380: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch Pyrex pie pan or 6 or 8 individual pansnPrepare dough: To mix the dough by hand, combine the dry ingredients in a medium mixing bowl and stir well to combine. Cut the butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to the dry ingredients. Toss once or twice to coat the pieces of butter. Then using your hands or a pastry blender, break the butter into tiny pieces and pinch and squeeze it into the dry ingredients. Occasionally reach down to the bottom of the bowl and mix all the ingredients evenly together. Continue rubbing the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles a coarseground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible. Beat the eggs in a small bowl and pour over the flour and butter mixture. Stir in with a fork until the dough begins to hold together but still appears somewhat dry. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nTo mix the dough in the food processor, combine the dry ingredients in the work bowl fitted with a metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Cut the butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to the work bowl. Process, pulsing repeatedly at 1second intervals, until the mixture is fine and powdery, resembles a coarseground cornmeal, and no large pieces of butter remain visible, about 15 pulses in all. Add the eggs to the work bowl and pulse 10 times or so, until the dough forms a ball. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nPress the dough into two equalsized disks. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press them into 6inch circles. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour.nTo make the filling, combine 1 cup of the blueberries with the sugar in a nonreactive saucepan. Bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is melted and the mixture is very liquid  about 5 minutes. Combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl and whisk the blueberry and sugar mixture into it. Return everything to the pan and cook, stirring constantly, over low heat, until the mixture comes to a boil, thickens and becomes clear. If it does not become clear, continue to cook over low heat for a few more minutes, until it does. Pour into a large bowl and stir in the remaining filling ingredients, except the blueberries, then add the remaining 3 cups blueberries. Cool.nSet a rack at the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees. Roll out the bottom crust and arrange in pan, or pans. Trim edge even with rim of pan. Pour the cooled filling into the bottom crust. Roll remaining dough into a rectangle and cut 8 small strips to finish the top of each pie. Apply the strips, severing excess dough at edge of pans, 4 in each direction, diagonal to each other. If you wish, sprinkle the top of the pie with sugar.nPlace the pie in the oven on the lower rack and reduce the temperature to 375 degrees. Bake for about 40 minutes, until the crust is baked through and a deep golden brown and the filling is gently bubbling. If the top crust has not colored sufficiently after 30 minutes of baking, move the pie to the upper rack of the oven for the last 10 minutes. Cool the pie on a rack., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold, unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, 2 pints blueberries, rinsed, drained and picked over, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 egg well beaten with a pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon sugar for finishing the top of the pie, optional], title: Blueberry Lattice Pie, picturelink: null}, 5381: {instructions: Cut the tomatoes into bitesize slivers or chunks and simply add all of the ingredients to the tomatoes. It is best to let marinate for at least 30 minutes but not more than 2 hours., ingredients: [4 heirloom tomatoes you may substitute vine ripened tomatoes, 2 tablespoons of sherry vinegar or red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12ounce chopped herbs parsley, basil and chives, Salt and fresh ground pepper], title: Tomato Salad, picturelink: P3SXxnHBKxRxf8ZkoRs2yF.eZuc1kW}, 5382: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Halve the poblanos lengthwise and remove the stems and seeds. Place cutside down on a baking sheet and broil until browned in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover with a plate and set aside 5 minutes. Peel off the skin with your fingers, then cut the peppers into 1inch strips. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a medium heavy saucepan over medium heat. Add 2 minced garlic cloves and saute 1 minute. Mix in the corn and saute 5 minutes. Stir in the cream and thyme, reduce the heat to medium low and cook 5 minutes to let the flavors incorporate. Turn off the heat and let cool slightly, then transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Add 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a medium heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining minced garlic clove and cook 1 minute. Mix in the zucchini and poblano strips and cook 5 minutes season with salt and pepper. Spread about onequarter of the corn mixture in the bottom of an 8by11inch baking dish. Cover with 3 lasagna sheets. Layer onequarter each of the poblano mixture and cheese over the pasta. Repeat the layering 3 more times. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake until the pasta is tender, about 50 minutes. Turn on the broiler. Remove the foil and broil until golden brown and bubbly, 8 to 10 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [4 poblano chile peppers, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups fresh or frozen corn kernels thawed if frozen, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup thinly sliced white onion, 1 large zucchini, thinly sliced lengthwise, 12 7by3inch noboil lasagna sheets, 2 cups shredded Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese], title: Corn and Poblano Lasagna, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 5383: {instructions: For the salad: Drain and rinse the wheat berries, then place in a pot and cover with 2 inches of water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then cover the pot and reduce the heat to low. Simmer until tender, 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours. Drain well and set aside to cool. Store the cooled wheat berries in a medium bowl until ready to use.nSteam the corn for 2 minutes, then cool. Cut the kernels off of the cob. Add the corn, tomatoes, cucumbers and onions to the wheat berries.nFor the dressing: Add the cilantro, parsley, oil, vinegar, chile flakes, cumin, salt and garlic to a bowl and stir well. Drizzle the dressing over the salad, and mix until combined, then serve., ingredients: [34 cup wheat berries, soaked overnight, 1 ear sweet corn, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 medium Middle Eastern cucumber, diced, 14 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon chile flakes, plus more as needed, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 large clove garlic, pressed], title: Summer Wheat Berry Salad with Chimichurri Dressing, picturelink: aaLA8lnoHGw6HhxWw7DiXDvyYBxF0y}, 5384: {instructions: Add the popcorn and scallions to large bowl. Combine the butter, ramen seasoning and garlic in a small saucepan over low heat. Cook until the butter is melted and the garlic is golden but not brown. Pour over the popcorn and toss well., ingredients: [Two 3.5ounce bags microwave popcorn, popped and hot, 4 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 seasoning packets from chickenflavored ramen feel free to substitute another flavor, 2 cloves garlic, grated], title: Garlic Ramen Popcorn, picturelink: wRdCThJsuhLF4O582jDdX6coL2dxsG}, 5385: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a heavy bottomed saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon. Render the bacon until crisp. Remove from pan and reserve. Add the onion and saute until tender, about 3 minutes.nAdd the okra and tomatoes, making sure to add the reserved juice from the tomatoes to the saute pan. Season with salt and pepper and simmer for 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cups sliced okra, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stewed Okra and Tomatoes, picturelink: bBIpb8sBDjPwjLY3EIJyTP62hfbj6}, 5386: {instructions: Cut the beef across the grain into thin slices about 18thick cut those slices into 1inch squares. Put the beef in a bowl, add the marinade, and toss lightly to coat. Cover with plastic wrap, and let the beef marinate for 1 hour at room temperature, or longer if possible in the refrigerator.nHeat a wok or large skillet, add 3 12 tablespoons of the oil, and heat until near smoking. Add the beef and stirfry over high heat until it loses its raw color and the slices separate. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain. Clean out the pan.nMix the ingredients for sauce together.nReheat the pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, heat about 20 seconds, and add the garlic, ginger, and scallions. Cook for 20 seconds, until fragrant, then add the bean sprouts and toss lightly over high heat. Add the rice wine, and stirfry for 1 12 minutes, then add the sauce and the cooked meat. Cook until the meat is heated through and everything is coated evenly with the sauce. Scoop the beef onto a serving platter and serve with rice and a vegetable, if desired.nMix the ingredients for sauce together, ingredients: [1 12 pounds flank steak, London broil, or boneless sirloin, trimmed of fat and gristle, 3 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine or sake, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 5 12 tablespoons canola or corn oil, 34 cup very finely shredded fresh ginger, 4 whole scallions, ends trimmed, cut into very fine shreds, 5 cups bean sprouts, rinsed lightly and drained, 2 12 tablespoons rice wine or sake, 6 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil], title: FlashCooked Ginger Beef, picturelink: null}, 5387: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375.nIn a large skillet melt butter w olive oil over med. heat. Cook onion til soft.nAdd green chilies, garlic, cumin and coriander. Cook 3 to 4 min. Add vinegar, scraping pan to loosen any caramelization. Add chicken, brown sugar, chocolate, chili sauce, and chicken broth.nStir to combine  check for seasoning. Bring to simmer and stir, cooking gently till thickened. Allow to cool. Then mix cornbread with eggs and milk or water with a pinch of sugar or even chicken broth in a medium bowl.nSpray a 9x13 pan with cooking spray then add chicken mixture. Top w cornbread mix, smooth. Bake til cornbread is lightly golden brown on top about 23 min.nServe hot., ingredients: [1 T olive oil, 1 T unsalted butter, 2 C chopped onion, 2 4.5oz cans of chopped green chilies, 1 t minced garlic, 2 t cumin seeds, 1 t ground coriander, 14 c vinegar preferably cider vinegar, 5 previously cooked chicken legs, shredded, 2 T brown sugar, 1 oz unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12oz bottle chili sauce, 1C chicken broth, 2 boxes cornbread mix I use Jiffy, 2 large eggs, 23 C milk water or chicken broth also work well, Salt  pepper to taste], title: BBQ Chicken Potpie With Cornbread Crust, picturelink: null}, 5388: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSaute onions, garlic, and peppers until tender in canola oil with salt in an 8quart cast enamel pan over mediumhigh heat. Add spices and cook for 1 more minute. Add meat and tomatoes, lower the heat to medium or mediumlow and simmer for 2 hours. Remove from heat and add cilantro.nServe in soup bowls and top with sour cream and cheddar cheese for garnish., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 1 red onion, small diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 red peppers, diced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons chipotle powder, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 pound smoked beef brisket, diced, 1 quart smoked tomatoes, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, Sour cream and shredded Cheddar, for garnish], title: Brisket Chile, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 5389: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTo cookie mix prepared to package directions, add nuts, coconut and white chocolate chips. Butter the baking dish and spread cookie dough evenly into a thin layer across the baking dish. Bake bars for about 15 minutes, or until lightly golden brown. Remove from oven, and cool slightly. Then cut into squares, remove with offset spatula and serve., ingredients: [1 package dry sugar cookie mix, prepared to package directions, 1 cup macadamia nuts, 1 cup shredded coconut, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 9 by 12inch baking dish, Softened butter, to prepare baking dish], title: Macadamia Coconut Cookie Bars, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 5390: {instructions: Place a tall glass in the freezer to chill.nAdd the ice cream, milk and pie to the blender. Blend until fully combined and frothy. Serve in the chilled glass and enjoy Feel free to change up the pie and ice cream, depending on the season.nCooks Note: Freezing your pie before blending will give you a nice, thick texture., ingredients: [2 scoops vanilla ice cream, 12 cup whole milk, 18 slice apple pie, frozen and then thawed 30 minutes], title: Apple Pie Shake, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 5391: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWith a pencil, trace the body of the whale onto the skin of the watermelon. Then with an xacto knife, carefully cut out around the tracing you have made. To remove the cut out pieces, gently insert the knife as far in as possible without piercing the other side and push the cut piece out.nTo make the eyes and water hole, use an apple corer to punch them out. Remove the inside of the watermelon with a large spoon or melon baller and place them in a large bowl. Cut the watermelon pieces away from the rind and cut into chunks. Drain the excess juice from the watermelon into a bowl. Combine the cantaloupe, strawberries, blueberries, green grapes and papaya in a large bowl.nAdd watermelon to mixed fruit. Combine well and toss into sculpted whale. Stick the leafy celery stalk inside the water hole as spouting water. Put a red grape inside each eye hole., ingredients: [1 7 to 8pound watermelon, preferably seedless, 1 pint cantaloupe, cut into chunks, 2 pints fresh strawberries, sliced, 2 pints fresh blueberries, 1 pound green grapes, plus 2 red grapes, 1 papaya, cut into chunks, 1 inner leafy celery stalk], title: WhaleShaped Watermelon Salad, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 5392: {instructions: Heat a castiron skillet over high heat until very hot. Add enough oil to coat the pan. Season the steak with salt. Place the steak in the hot pan and cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and allow to rest 5 minutes before slicing on the bias.nTo the same skillet, add the bacon and cook over medium heat until the fat begins to render and the bacon starts turning golden brown, about 3 minutes. Add the onions and cook until tender, about 4 minutes. Then add the mushrooms and tomatoes and cook until everything is combined and almost cooked through, about 5 minutes. Pour the wine into the pan and cook until almost no liquid remains, 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Crack the egg into the pan and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the whites are firm and the middle is cooked but still runny, 3 to 5 minutes.nTransfer the mushroom hash to a plate and top with the sliced steak and then the egg., ingredients: [Olive oil, for the pan, One 6ounce filet mignon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 slices bacon, sliced into lardons, 12 onion, diced, 1 cup cremini and shitake mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup diced plum tomatoes, 14 cup white wine, 1 large egg], title: Steak and Mushroom Hash with a SunnySide Up Egg, picturelink: YVvmnPhlJpQD3iW6HyIi.zLKaq7prq}, 5393: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker, mix the rum, all of the fruit juices, and the simple syrup. Add the grenadine, and stir to combine, then add ice and shake. Halffill a hurricane glass with ice, then strain the drink into a glass and add more ice to fill the glass. Garnish with cherries and an orange slice., ingredients: [1 12 ounces light rum, 1 12 ounces dark rum, 14 cup passion fruit juice, 1ounce orange juice, 1ounce fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until the sugar dissolves cool, 1 teaspoon grenadine, Ice cubes, Cherries with stems, and orange slice to garnish], title: The Hurricane, picturelink: null}, 5394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOn medium heat, saute garlic and bacon in a large saute pan.nWhile bacon is cooking boil water in a large pot. Blanch mustard greens in boiling water until bright green. Drain greens.nIn a saute pan with the bacon, add greens and garlic. Stir together. Add chicken stock and raisins. Mix well together. Add salt and pepper, for taste, and let simmer for 5 minutes., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced, 1 pound bacon, chopped, 2 bunches mustard greens, chopped, 34 cup chicken stock, 14 cup golden raisins, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Mustard Greens, picturelink: RG8i0u5urE1f30GHnuV69gIhhG03Ye}, 5395: {instructions: The night before you plan to serve the waffles, in a medium bowl, combine the buttermilk, orange juice, and oats. Mix well, cover, and refrigerate overnight.nIn a large bowl, whisk the egg. Add the sugar and mix. Add the flours, baking soda, salt, and the oat mixture and mix well. Stir in the melted butter. The batter may be slightly lumpy.nPreheat and lightly butter a waffle iron. Spoon a generous 12 cup of batter onto the hot iron and close the lid. Cook until no more steam escapes from the iron and the waffle is golden on both sides, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately with the apple butter and whipped cream and garnished with fresh berries.nEquipment: Waffle iron.nPut the apples in a large, heavybottomed pot over low heat. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 1 12 hours. Add the brown sugar, cinnamon, and allspice and continue cooking over low heat, stirring occasionally, until very thick, about 30 minutes more.nTo test for doneness, place a spoonful of the mixture on a white plate and let sit 20 seconds. If a ring of liquid forms around the apples, there is still too much liquid in the mixture. Continue cooking and testing until no ring forms.nYield: about 5 cups, ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 14 cup orange juice, 23 cup quickcooking rolled oats, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons melted butter, plus more for cooking, Allspiced Apple Butter, recipe follows, Whipped cream, for garnish, Fresh berries, for garnish, optional, 5 pounds apples, like MacIntosh or Ida, peeled, cored, and cut into 12inch chunks, 1 pound light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, preferably freshly ground], title: Oatmeal Waffles with Allspiced Apple Butter, picturelink: 6BgvlnuvRTzsngsTty4ZMHU3akrEPkG}, 5396: {instructions: Position racks in the middle and upper third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inch pie plate with the dough, crimping the edge with your fingers. Poke the bottom of the crust all over with a fork. Line with foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake on the middle rack until golden around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights continue baking until golden all over, about 10 more minutes.nMeanwhile, core the tomatoes and cut into 12inch wedges toss with 1 12 teaspoons salt. Spread the tomatoes in a single layer on paper towels to drain until ready to use.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the corn and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 5 minutes. Transfer 12 cup of the corn to a large bowl.nAdd the heavy cream to the saucepan with the remaining corn and bring to a simmer. Carefully transfer the mixture to a blender and puree until smooth transfer to the bowl with the corn. Whisk in the eggs, half each of the scallions and cheese, and a few grinds of black pepper pour into the crust. Bake on the middle rack until the custard is just set, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and increase the temperature to 400 degrees F.nMix the remaining scallions and cheese, the panko, thyme, paprika, cayenne and 14 teaspoon each salt and black pepper in a bowl. Sprinkle 14 cup of the mixture on top of the pie. Pat the tomato wedges with paper towels to absorb the excess moisture, then coat with the remaining panko mixture and arrange on top of the tart. Sprinkle any remaining panko on top dot with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Return to the oven on the upper rack and bake until the top is golden, about 15 minutes. Let cool 30 minutes before slicing.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 round refrigerated pie dough half of a 14ounce package, 2 beefsteak tomatoes about 12 ounces, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 ears of corn, kernels cut off 1 to 1 12 cups, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 6 scallions, chopped, 1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of cayenne pepper], title: Tomato and Corn Custard Pie, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 5397: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine garlic, vinegar, oregano, parsley, honey and salt in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil and process until emulsified. Stir in the red chile flakes.nPlace potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with cold water and add 1 tablespoon of salt. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook until a paring knife inserted comes out with some resistance. Do not cook the potatoes all the way through because they will continue cooking on the grill. Drain well and when cool enough to handle, slice in half lengthwise.nHeat the grill to medium.nBrush the chicken and potatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the chicken on the grill, skinside down and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 6 to 7 minutes. Turn the chicken over and continue grilling until just cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes. A few minutes before the chicken has finished cooking, place the potatoes on the grill, cutside down and cook until lightly golden brown, about 2 minutes. Turn over and continue grilling about a minute longer. Remove the chicken and potatoes to a platter and immediately drizzle with the roasted garlicoregano vinaigrette. Let rest 5 minutes before serving. Garnish with oregano sprigs and parsley sprigs., ingredients: [8 cloves roasted garlic, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 fingerling potatoes, scrubbed, Kosher salt, Olive oil, 4 8ounce bonein chicken breasts, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh oregano sprigs, for garnish, Fresh parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Grilled Chicken with Roasted GarlicOregano Vinaigrette and Grilled Fingerling Potatoes, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 5398: {instructions: Pour the strawberry puree into a 14ounce hurricane glass. Fill a blender 13 full of ice and add all the other ingredients except pineapple and orchid. Puree until slushy. Tilt the glass to the side and gently pour the blender ingredients down the inside of the glass, being careful not to disturb the strawberry puree. Garnish with 14 slice of pineapple and an orchid., ingredients: [2 ounces strawberry puree, 1ounce light rum, 1ounce pineapple juice, 1ounce sweet and sour mix, 1ounce coconut syrup, 1ounce halfandhalf, 14 slice pineapple, 1 orchid], title: Lava Flow, picturelink: null}, 5399: {instructions: Trim the fat from around the top of the heart and remove the sinews. Cut the heart into 4 pieces and put it in a heavy stewing kettle with the meaty bones and liver. Add 3 quarts of water, cover and simmer gently for 3 hours until the meat falls from the bones.nStrain the broth into a clean pot. Discard the bones and put the meat through a coarse grinder. Grind the heart and liver as fine as possible and combine the 2 meat mixtures.nBring the broth to a simmer. Combine the cornmeal and the seasonings and gradually add to the boiling broth, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to medium and add the meat mixture. Stir until everything is well mixed. Cook slowly for 30 minutes, stirring almost constantly so it does not stick to the bottom, as it will be quite thick.nAfter 30 minutes it is ready to pour. Rinse 9 small breadpans with cold water or grease them and pour the scrapple to the top of the pans. Set the pans to cool and when cool refrigerate until the next day.nWhen ready to eat, unmold the scrapple onto a cutting board and cut into 14inch thick slices. Melt fat in a skillet and fry the slices until brown and crusty on both sides. Serve immediately with or without maple syrup.nThe loaves can be unmolded and frozen but will keep refrigerated for about 1 week., ingredients: [1 pork heart, 1 pound meaty pork ribs or bones, 2 pounds pork liver, 4 cups roasted cornmeal, 2 12 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Scrapple, picturelink: 9iuPwyDRjYZ1XEusdfLYv5iMeH5UDZm}}