{53700: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except the Jack Daniels, in a saucepan and heat slowly until the mixture turns ruby red about 10 min. Take off heat and add the Jack Daniels. Stir and enjoy over ribs., ingredients: [1 12 cups of ketchup, 2 tablespoons of worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons of tabasco, 34 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon of cumin, 1 tablespoon of garlic powder, 1 tablespoon of pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon of cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons of celery salt, 14 cup dark molasses, 14 cup Jack Daniels, 13 cup maple syrup, 14 cup apple juice, 1 packet of Goya Sazon], title: Jacks Best Pals Master BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53701: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring the cream, sugar and lemon extract to a simmer. Slowly sprinkle the calcium lactate into the pan and mix with a hand blender. Chill.nMeanwhile prepare the molds I use a small fleximold, but any mold that is able to be flexible will do with a dot of melted chocolate to resemble a pupil, and place in the refrigerator to set. Then brush the blue cocoa butter to resemble the iris, and pipe in the jelly to resemble bloody veins.nOnce the cream mixture is cold, whip to a soft peak using a hand mixer. Pipe into the prepared molds and freeze until set.nUnmold the eyeballs and leave them soaking in the Alginate Solution for about 2 minutes. Then rinse with cold water and store in the fridge until you are ready to serve.nPlace the eyeballs in a dish 2 each is appropriately scary and top with the lime soda. I find that a clear soda without color gives the eyeballs a better look and flavor.nSprinkle the sodium alginate into the water and, using a hand blender, mix the solution until there is no more visible powder left. This takes a couple of minutes. Chill the solution until you are ready to use it., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon extract, 1 teaspoon calcium lactate used for reverse spherification, 1 tablespoon melted chocolate, 1 teaspoon blue colored cocoa butter, 2 tablespoons strawberry jelly, 2 cups sodium Alginate Solution, recipe follows, 1 12 cups lime soda, or your soda of preference, 1 teaspoon sodium alginate, 2 cups cold water], title: Zombie Eyeball Punch, picturelink: null}, 53702: {instructions: In a large bowl mix together the diced avocado, onions, cucumber, shrimp, and crabmeat and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In another bowl or a kitchen blender mix together the yogurt, ketchup, and lemon juice. When mixed thoroughly, slowly add the hot sauce, not too much as it will over power the seafood.nTo finish the dish, slowly add the dressing to the avocado mixture until slightly wet. Place 3 to 4 slices of tomato in the center of each serving plate, slightly separate just so the tomatoes touch.nFill an ice cream scoop with the salad and place in the center of the tomatoes. Garnish with chopped chives and serve., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, pitted and flesh roughly diced, 1 red onion, finely diced, 12 cup diced English cucumber, 8 1620 count cooked shrimp peeled and deveined and cut lengthwise in half, 12 cup jumbo lump crabmeat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup tomato ketchup, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommend: Tabasco, 2 tomatoes, thinly sliced, 14 cup freshly chopped chives], title: Malibu Barbie  Seafood Salad, picturelink: null}, 53703: {instructions: Mix the corvina, aji limo garlic, salt and pepper well. Then add the lime juice, cilantro and rocoto pepper. Put this combination on a plate and garnish with the slices of red onions. Accompany with the sweet potatoes, roasted corn and Peruvian white corn, if desired.nServe immediatelynThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [8 ounces corvina fish, already cut into squares, 1 Peruvian aji limo pepper, chopped, Drop minced garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 limes, juiced, Dash freshly diced cilantro, Hint rocoto pepper, 12 red onion, sliced, Steamed and peeled sweet potatoes, Roasted corn, Peruvian white corn], title: Cebiche Anconero, picturelink: K.XSZCbqoOuJeTj2qO7zffs77GCuvuK}, 53704: {instructions: Heat a barbecue or grill.nStretch the dough. Place the dough on the hot barbecue. Allow to cook for approximately 4 to 5 minutes on each side or until brown on both sides.nIn a bowl add the rucola and season with freshlysqueezed lemon juice, olive oil, and salt. Mix together.nLay the dough flat on a plate and layer with prosciutto, rucola, and Parmigiano cheese. Fold the foccacia and serve like a sandwichnAdd the water to a bowl. Then add the yeast a little at a time and break up the cube of yeast with your hands.nAdd the flour on a smooth work surface and create a well in the center of the flour. Slowly add the yeastwater mixture, olive oil, and salt until the flour has absorbed the liquid. Knead the dough until the mixture becomes an even dough consistency. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb any excess liquid.nDivide the dough into 4 equal portions to make individualsize pizzas. Place on a lightlyfloured surface or pan and cover with a cloth. Let rest for about an hour at room temperature or until the dough has doubled in size., ingredients: [14 ounces400 g pizza dough, recipe follows or prepared pizza dough, Small bunch rucola arugula or rocket, 1 lemon, halved, 3 tablespoons45 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 4 to 5 thinly sliced prosciutto, Parmigiano cheese shavings, as much as you want, 2 cups500 ml lukewarm water, 1 cube or 2 tablespoons30 ml fresh yeast, 4 cups1 L allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons30 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon5 ml salt], title: Grilled Focaccia Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 53705: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease two 6inch cake pans.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the cake flour, sugar, salt and baking powder. Mix until combined. In a separate bowl, mix 14 cup plus 2 34 tablespoons water, the egg whites, sour cream, lime zest and lime juice. In another small bowl, mix together the butter and oil until it reaches a mayonnaiselike consistency. Add half of both the sour cream and butter mixtures to the flour. Mix on medium speed for 1 minute. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the rest of the sour cream and butter mixtures and mix on medium speed until fully mixed together, 2 minutes.nDivide the cake batter between the prepared cake pans, filling each to about twothirds full. Bake until cooked through and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 20 to 24 minutes.nLet the cake set in the refrigerator for 1 hour or in the freezer for 30 minutes before applying icing.nTrim the tops of each cake and cut each widthwise into 2 layers. This will give you 4 layers of cake. Starting with the bottom layer, brush with the Tequila Simple Syrup. Using a pastry bag filled with Salted Lime Buttercream, pipe a thin ring around the outside edge of the cake, this will keep your curd from oozing out. Spread a thin layer of Lime Curd inside ring. Use the pastry bag to pipe a full layer of buttercream on top of curd, about 14inch thick. Place the next cake layer on top and repeating the process with the syrup, buttercream and lime curd and repeat the process with the third layer of cake, ending with the final cake layer on top of the buttercream. Remove the excess filling from the outside of cake with an offset spatula. Refrigerate for 15 minutes to set. Once the cake is cool, ice with the remaining Salted Lime Buttercream and serve.nCombine 12 cup water with the sugar in a pot, heat and stir until the sugar dissolves. Add the tequila and stir until combined. Set aside to cool.nYield: 12 cup.nIn a small pot combine the sugar and 12 cup water and bring to a boil. Continue cooking until the mixture reaches the softball stage. Use a candy thermometer to monitor temperature. Meanwhile, in a separate bowl, use an electric mixer to whip the egg whites and cream of tartar on medium speed to a soft peak. When the sugar syrup reaches 225 degrees F, add it slowly to the whipped egg whites, continuing to beat on medium speed until cool. While the mixer is running, add the butter a few pieces at a time. Add the lime juice, salt and vanilla extract. Mix until combined.nYield: 5 cups.nIn a large metal bowl, combine the sugar, lime juice and lime zest. Whisk the eggs into the lime mixture and set the bowl over a pot of boiling water. Stir constantly until the curd starts to thicken, about 10 minutes. Strain the curd through a mesh strainer into another bowl. Add the butter a few cubes at a time and whisk until smooth. Set aside to cool, stirring frequently.nOnce the curd is cool, keep it in the refrigerator in an airtight container., ingredients: [34 cup butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing, 1 14 cups cake flour, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup egg whites, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon lime zest, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 14 cup canola oil, Tequila Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Lime Curd, recipe follows, Salted Lime Buttercream, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup white tequila, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 34 pound butter, cubed, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon fleur de sel sea salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup lime juice, Zest of 2 limes, 2 eggs, 12 cup butter, cubed], title: Salted Lime Margarita Cake, picturelink: v42lRdX6WcnDF93iB1u6ddQ3k6xmpd6}, 53706: {instructions: Cook the sugar, corn syrup, vanilla, and water in a saucepan over medium heat to 245 degrees F. At 235 degrees F wash down the side of the pan with a brush soaked in water to remove sugar crystals. Pour the cooked batch into a mixing bowl and let it cool to 110 degrees F. If sugar crystals form on top of the batch as it is cooling, sprinkle the sugar crystals lightly with water to dissolve.nMelt the butter. When the sugar mixture reaches 110 degrees F, start the mixer on slow speed and add the flour and butter. Continue mixing until batch becomes semifirm. Pour batch onto a table previously sprinkled with flour. Dip hands into flour and knead batch until it is soft and creamy. Take small sections of the batch and roll it into a 1inch diameter tube. Cut the tube with a butter knife into bite size pieces. Roll each piece and place on waxed paper. Keep at room temperature 65 to 75 degrees F for 4 to 24 hours. Coat the pieces with chocolate. The coated vanilla butter creams may be eaten after another 24 hours., ingredients: [1 pound sugar, 3 14 ounces regular corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 14 ounces water, 3 14 ounces butter, 1 12 ounces flour, Melted chocolate, for dipping], title: Vanilla Butter Cream, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 53707: {instructions: Mix 1 12 tablespoons paprika and 12 teaspoon each cayenne and black pepper in a bowl. Spread 12 cups potato andor vegetable chips on 2 baking sheets. Bake in a 350 degrees F oven until oilylooking, about 5 minutes. Toss with the spices and bake 2 more minutes. Let cool.nPhotograph by Jonny Valiant, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Chips, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 53708: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the gnocchi and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the leek and cook, stirring occasionally, until it softens and just starts browning, about 3 minutes. Add the radishes, sugar snap peas, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring often, until the peas are bright green and crisptender, 5 to 6 minutes.nAdd the gnocchi to the skillet along with 34 cup of the reserved cooking water, the butter, grated parmesan, lemon zest and parsley. Remove from the heat and gently stir until the gnocchi are well coated and the cheese melts, adding more cooking water as needed to loosen. Top each serving with shaved parmesan.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 17.5ounce package potato gnocchi, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 leek white and light green parts only, quartered lengthwise and cut into 2inch pieces, well rinsed, 8 small radishes, trimmed and quartered, 8 ounces sugar snap peas, trimmed, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus shaved cheese for topping, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Gnocchi Primavera, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 53709: {instructions: Heat up a saute pan and add the butter. Saute the fresh habanero, onions, jalapeno and garlic.nSaute all the dried chilies in a pan until roasted. Once roasted, add to a blender with the heavy cream and milk. Blend well. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add to the saute pan with the fresh habanero and cook until slightly thickened. Once done, add the sauce on top of the grilled chicken., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup diced fresh habanero, 14 cup diced onion, 2 whole jalapenos, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 ounces dried chile de arbol, 3 ounces dried chile cascabel, 3 ounces dried chile fantasma, 3 ounces dried habanero, 3 ounces dried chile pulla, 3 ounces dried chiletepin, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 chicken breast about 2 12 pounds, grilled], title: Pollo Llora Hoy y Llora Manana Chicken Cry Today, Cry Tomorrow, picturelink: null}, 53710: {instructions: 1. Put the potatoes, 2 teaspoons salt and enough cold water to cover in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are almost tender, 3 to 6 minutes. Reserve 1 cup cooking water, then drain the potatoes.n2. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 8 minutes. Stir in the curry powder and cayenne and cook, stirring, 30 seconds.n3. Add the chickpeas, 1 cup fried onions and 12 cup reserved cooking water cook, mashing the potatoes with a spoon, until heated through, about 3 minutes. Add more cooking water, if needed. Season with salt.n4. Mix the yogurt, chopped cilantro, lime juice and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl. Divide the potatochickpea mixture among bowls. Top with the yogurt sauce, the remaining 1 cup fried onions, the sliced jalapeno and cilantro leaves.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [1 12 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch chunks, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 cups fried onions one 2.8ounce can, 12 cup plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus leaves for topping, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced remove seeds for less heat], title: Curried Potatoes and Chickpeas, picturelink: null}, 53711: {instructions: Rinse steaks under cold water and pat dry. Place in ziptop bag and add red wine, dressing mix, and pepper. Squeeze air out of bag and seal. Gently massage bag to combine ingredients. Marinate in refrigerator for 1 to 3 hoursnSet up grill for direct cooking over high heat. Oil grate when ready to start cooking. In a medium bowl, combine chopped mushrooms, blue cheese, and Italian seasoning set aside.nRemove steaks from marinade and discard marinade. With a sharp knife cut a pocket into the side of each steak, being careful not to cut through. Stuff steaks with mushroom mixture and secure with toothpicks. Place on hot, oiled grill and cook 5 to 7 minutes per side for medium 160 degrees F. Remove from grill.nTo serve, remove toothpicks. Garnish steaks with sprigs of fresh oregano and serve hot., ingredients: [4 beef tenderloin steaks, 2 cups red wine, 2 tablespoons garlic and herb dressing mix, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 4.5ounce jar marinated mushrooms, finely chopped, 1 cup blue cheese, crumbled, 1 teaspoon Italian salad dressing mix, Fresh oregano sprigs], title: Carpetbagger Steaks, picturelink: kHsPuZ6SAQz70WgYy5zYcrQrZgbd..}, 53712: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 360 degrees FnTo make the caramel, heat together the water and sugar gently, over a medium flame, until it is golden brown, about 10 minutes, ensuring the mixture does not burn.nMeanwhile, pour the condensed milk and whole milk into a pan. Add the lime zest. Slice the vanilla pod in half and carefully scrape out the vanilla seeds and add these to the milk mixture. Simmer the milk slowly for 15 minutes to let the flavors combine.nOnce the caramel is ready, pour into a cake pan and swirl it around to evenly coat the bottom of the pan. Set aside.nIn a bowl, crack the eggs and beat together. Slowly pour a little of the warm milk, vanilla, and lime mixture into the eggs. This will temper the eggs and prevent them from scrambling. Once the warm milk has raised the temperature of the eggs tempered, pour in the rest of the milk. Pour all of the mixture into the cake pan over the caramel. Cook the cake pan in a water bath by placing the pan inside a larger pan that is filled halfway with water. Place in the oven and cook for 45 minutes to 1 hour.nOnce ready, allow to cool and place inside a refrigerator overnight. The flan is then ready to be flipped over gently and served., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 2 cups condensed milk, 2 cups whole milk, 3 limes, zested, 1 vanilla bean, 6 eggs], title: Vanilla and Lime Flan, picturelink: null}, 53713: {instructions: Put the eggs in a medium saucepan and cover with water by 2 inches bring to a boil, then remove from the heat and let stand 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and curry powder and cook, stirring frequently, until the onion softens, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes and rice and cook, stirring, until the tomatoes begin to soften, about 2 minutes. Add 2 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer, then cover and reduce the heat to low cook until most of the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, 5 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper.nPeel and quarter the eggs. Toss the mixed greens with the lemon juice, the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Divide the rice mixture among plates and top with the smoked trout and eggs. Serve with the salad., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 3 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 12 cups basmati rice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 4 cups mixed greens or baby spinach, Juice of 12 lemon, 4 ounces smoked trout, flaked], title: Curried Rice With Smoked Trout, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 53714: {instructions: Heat olive oil and butter in saucepan. Add tarragon, carrot and onion, cover and simmer over very low heat for 5 minutes or until tender. If vegetables are too dry, add a tablespoonful of white wine, cover and cook. When vegetables are tender, remove the cover, add remaining wine, and saffron and evaporate until almost all of the wine is gone. Add the broth, fish stock and diced tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Add the pasta and cook uncovered for 5 minutes or until just tender. Add the shrimp and peas and bring back to a simmer. Season to taste with salt and pepper and garnish with chives or scallions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon each of olive oil and unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 1 small carrot, diced, 1 small onion, diced, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 cups fish stock or clam juice, 4 fresh plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into fine dice, 12 cup tubettini, 1 pound shrimp, weighed before peeling peeled, deveined and chopped, 1 cup thawed frozen petite peas, Salt and cayenne pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoon chives, snipped], title: Saffron Shrimp Soup with Tubettini, picturelink: null}, 53715: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nUnfold the puff pastry sheet and, using a rolling pin, lightly roll the pastry out. Using a sharp knife, cut out a 10inch round, using a dinner plate as a guide. Transfer the round to a tart pan with a removable bottom.nSprinkle 1 tablespoon sugar on the bottom of the tart and arrange the fruit wedges over the sugar, packing them in tightly and making 1 big circle. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and with the sliced almonds. Bake until the edges are golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on a rack.nJust before serving, heat the apricot jam with 2 tablespoons water in a small pot over moderate heat. Using a pastry brush, paint the tart with the melted jam.nBYOC: Trying serving this with your favorite stone fruit ice cream, such as peach, or with freshly whipped cream., ingredients: [1 puff pastry sheet from a 17 14ounce package, thawed, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, divided, 4 to 6 pieces stone fruit, pitted and cut into 18inch thick wedges, 14 cup sliced almonds, 13 cup apricot jam], title: Stone Fruit Galette, picturelink: u.XWyGW5l.iwfVLnctBncKoqbwxMJP2}, 53716: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the onions, red bell peppers, garlic and jalapeno and saute until tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the chicken and saute until browned, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon as you cook. Stir in the chili powder and cumin and let toast for a few stirs. Add the beans and let cook until warmed through.nMix the yogurt and salsa together in a small bowl.nToss the chopped lettuce, cherry tomatoes, tortilla chips, cheese, cilantro, sauteed chicken and bean mixture all in a large bowl and dress with the yogurt and salsa., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 pound ground chicken, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup plain low fat yogurt, 12 cup chunky salsa, 1 heart of romaine lettuce, chopped, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, 1 cup handcrushed baked tortilla chips, 1 cup shredded Monterey JackCheddar cheese blend, 1 small handful cilantro leaves about 14 cup, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Neelys Chicken Taco Salad, picturelink: 1oxGqq.mz6iUuv6isLcWILLdN8uin6C}, 53717: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the olive oil and saute the onions and sugar until caramelized. Add the garlic and caraway seed. Cook for 1 minute. Add the sweet and sharp paprika, marjoram, thyme, and bay leaf. Saute another minute, until fragrant. Add the tomato paste. Deglaze with the vinegar and the stock and add the pieces of beef shank, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cook until very tender, about 1 12 hours, stirring occasionally.nTaste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve with Spaetzle on the side.nIn a small bowl, beat together the egg yolks, egg and milk. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and mix with hand until well blended. Do not overmix at this stage. Cover the bowl and refrigerate. Allow the batter to rest for at least 1 hour.nBring salted water to a boil. Place a perforated hotel pan on top of the pot. Place the batter on the pan and force through the holes to form spaetzle. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes, or until al dente. Transfer cooked spaetzle to a bowl of ice water to shock. When cool to the touch, drain well. Stir in half the oil. At this point you can cover and refrigerate up to 2 days.nOver high heat, place a large saute pan until it gets very hot. Add the remaining 14 cup of oil and the boiled spaetzle. Saute until golden. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Finish with butter and sprinkle with parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 cups onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, toasted and ground, 1 12 tablespoons sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon spicy paprika, 2 tablespoons minced fresh marjoram leaves, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 12 pounds beef shank, cut into 2inch cubes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Spaetzle, recipe follows, 4 egg yolks, 1 egg, 1 34 cups milk, 1 pound about 3 cups all purpose flour, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup peanut oil, Salt, Pepper, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh minced parsley], title: Wolfgangs Beef Goulash, picturelink: null}, 53718: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the fava beans and cook until tender. Drain the beans and let cool, then peel.nMelt the butter in a pan over low heat and cook shallots until translucent. Add the fava beans and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the salt, pepper and Parmesan. Transfer the beans to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds fava beans, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 medium shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shredded Parmesan], title: Brett Fava Beans, picturelink: null}, 53719: {instructions: In a pan over mediumhigh heat, saute the pancetta until just starting to brown. Remove the pancetta and add the onion to the pan. Saute the onion until translucent, about 1 minute. Add the carrot, celery, garlic, tomato puree, and cooked pancetta to the pan. Stir and simmer until reduced by half. Add the cinnamon, cumin, and cardamom and stir. Simmer the mixture 5 more minutes.nServe the sauce over cooked pasta., ingredients: [1 cup pancetta, chopped, 1 cup onion, chopped, 1 carrot, finely grated, 1 celery, finely grated, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 32ounce can tomato puree, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cumin, Pinch ground cardamom, Serving suggestion: serve over cooked pasta.], title: Serenas Amatriciana Sauce, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 53720: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high. Toast the coriander seeds in a dry skillet over mediumhigh heat, tossing, about 3 minutes. Crush the seeds on a cutting board the bottom of a measuring cup works well, then pulse with the parsley, cilantro, ginger, vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 1 tablespoon water in a food processor to make a coarse mixture. Toss the corn and tomatoes with 2 teaspoons of the herb mixture in a bowl and season with salt. Tear off four large sheets about 16 inches long of heavyduty foil. Place one piece of fish in the center of each. If the ends of the fillets are thin, tuck them under. Top with a spoonful of the remaining herb mixture and surround with the corntomato relish. Fold up the ends of the foil and seal into packets, leaving room inside for heat circulation. Grill the packets, covered, until the fish is just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully open the packets and slide the fish and vegetables onto plates. Top with more cilantro and serve with lime.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup fresh parsley, 1 cup fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 34 cups corn kernels fresh or frozen thawed if frozen, 2 medium tomatoes, cut into chunks, 4 6ounce skinless stripedbass fillets about 1 inch thick, 2 limes, cut into wedges], title: FoilPacket Fish With Corn Relish, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 53721: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9inch springform pan. For the cake: Sift the flour, cocoa, and baking powder together. In a mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks with the sugar until the mixture is pale in color. Stir in the butter. Fold in the dry ingredients and mix until thoroughly incorporated. In an electric mixer, beat the egg whites, salt and cream of tartar until stiff peaks form. Fold the white into the chocolate mixture. Pour the batter into the springform pan and bake for 35 minutes. Allow the cake to cool and remove the sides of the pan. Slice the cake into 4 equal layers. Leave the bottom layer in the pan and reattach the sides of the pan. For the pudding: Melt chocolate in a double boiler. Remove the double boiler from the heat and whisk in the egg yolks. In a sauce pan, bring the cream and sugar up to a boil. Whisk the cream into the chocolate mixture. Fold in the pecans and vanilla. Spread a quarter of the chocolate pudding over the first layer and top with another layer of the cake. Continue to layer the pudding and cake until the cake is completed. Let the cake sit for 2 to 3 hours to allow the cake to absorb the pudding. For the sauce: In a sauce pan, bring the cream and Tia Maria to a boil with the vanilla bean. Cover the pan and remove from the heat, and set aside to infuse the cream for 15 minutes. In a mixing bowl, whisk the eggs while gradually adding the sugar. Whisk the cream into the egg mixture. Pour back into the sauce pan and bring the sauce up to a simmer. Cook the sauce until it coats the back of the spoon, about 810 minutes. Strain and cool. Whisk in the coffee. Spoon the sauce in the middle of the plate. Place a piece of the cake in the center of the sauce. Garnish with the whipped cream, powdered sugar, and broken chocolate pieces., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 2 egg yolks, 5 tablespoons sugar, 5 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, cooled, 3 egg whites, room temperature, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 6 egg yolks, 2 12 cup heavy cream, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup roasted pecans, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons Tia Maria, 1 vanilla bean, slit and scraped, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons espresso coffee, Whipped cream in pastry bag, Powdered sugar in shaker, 12 sheet pan with melted chocolate, Espresso powder], title: Stephan Pyles Chocolate Pudding Cake with Mocha Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53722: {instructions: Toss 4 cups cubed honeydew melon with 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon minced jalapeno and 14 teaspoon each kosher salt and ancho chile powder. Top with chopped cilantro, pepitas and crumbled Cotija cheese.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Mexican Honeydew Salad, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 53723: {instructions: Cut the roasted corn off of their cobs, reserving the corn to add later. Melt the butter in a large, heavy bottomed soup pot. Add the corn cobs, the onion, celery, leek and peppers, and saute until the vegetables are soft, but not browned. Add the cumin, coriander, vanilla, salt and cayenne and cook for 2 to 3 minutes to release the flavors. Add the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and add the reserved corn cobs along with the lobster body that has been tied in cheesecloth. Cook 40 to 45 minutes, remove the cobs and the lobster body. Add the hacked lobster and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes before stirring in the creme fraiche. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ears fresh sweet corn, brushed lightly with butter and grilled until toasted on all sides about 2 cups cut corn, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large onion, peeled and diced about 1 cup, 2 celery stalks, diced, 1 leek, split, cleaned, and diced, 1 large sweet red pepper, diced, 2 to 3 jalapeno peppers seeded and diced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped out, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 quarts hot chicken stock, 1 2 pound lobster, tail hacked into sections, claws cracked, body tied in cheesecloth, 12 cup creme fraiche], title: Roasted Corn and Lobster Chowder, picturelink: null}, 53724: {instructions: In a food processor or blender combine the cucumber, avocado and scallions. Pulse until the mixture is thoroughly chopped.nAdd broth, sour cream and lemon juice and continue to process until smooth.nSeason with salt and pepper to taste and chill for 4 to 6 hours.nTaste for seasoning and serve in chilled bowls with garnish., ingredients: [1 large cucumber peeled, seeded and cut into 2inch chunks, 1 large, ripe avocado, peeled, 2 scallions green and white parts included chopped, 1 cup chicken broth, 34 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, or to taste, Garnish: Dollop of sour cream, chopped chives or scallions], title: Cold CucumberAvocado Soup, picturelink: null}, 53725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the spice rub and lamb: Stir together the salt, pepper, coriander, cayenne and lemon zest in a small bowl. Season the lamb chops on both sides with the spice rub. Allow to sit at room temperature while you make the mint sauce.nFor the mint sauce: In a food processor, add the mint, parsley, anchovies, garlic and some red pepper flakes. Process, adding olive oil as you go, until the sauce is just loose enough to drizzle. Taste and add salt if needed.nHeat a grill pan or grill on mediumhigh heat. Oil the grill and pat the chops dry. Grill the lamb until done to your liking, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Serve with the mint sauce and Baked Sweet Potato with Sour Cream and Mint.nPierce the sweet potato several times with a fork and microwave on high according to the manufacturers instructions until cooked through, 5 to 10 minutes.nCut the potato open, add the sour cream and snip the mint leaves over the top to garnish., ingredients: [2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Zest of 1 lemon, Four 4ounce lamb chops, 1 bunch fresh mint, 14 cup fresh parsley, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 clove garlic, Red pepper flakes, as needed, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, Kosher salt, as needed, Neutral oil, for oiling the grill, Baked Sweet Potato with Sour Cream and Mint, recipe follows, for serving, 1 sweet potato, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Lamb Chops with Mint Sauce, picturelink: rEFj5cPs55zAhRmm6u7B6lRI8MGpMeG}, 53726: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeanut or other neutrally flavored oil, for fryingnTo cook the chickpeas: Drain the chickpeas from the soaking water and place in a medium saucepan. Toss in the garlic, bay leaf, carrot, celery, thyme and onion. Add water to the pan until it covers the chickpeas by about 2 inches of water.nPut the pan on a high heat and bring the water to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer until the chickpeas are very soft and tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Turn the heat off.nSeason the water generously with salt and let sit for 15 minutes. Drain the chickpeas from the cooking liquid and remove the veggies, bay leaf and thyme and discard.nTo make the falafel: In a food processor, pulse the chickpeas until they look coarse and grainy but are NOT a puree.nIn a dry saute pan, toast the coriander and cumin seeds over medium heat until they are very aromatic, 3 to 4 minutes. Pulverize in a spice grinder until they are a powder.nTransfer the pulsed chickpeas to a mixing bowl and add the cilantro, parsley, breadcrumbs, cayenne, garlic, lemon zest, onions and ground spices. Gently stir to combine. Taste the mixture to see if the mix needs seasoning, season with salt if needed.nForm the mixture into balls the size of walnuts and gently press to make patties. Lightly dust with flour on both sides and pat off excess. Place the patties on a sheet tray and let hang out in the fridge for at least 1 hour.nAdd oil to a large straightsided saute pan until the oil is about 12inch deep. Bring the oil to a mediumhigh heat. Add the falafel to the pan and fry them on both sides until they are brown and crispy.nRemove the falafel from the pan and dry on paper towels.nServe the falafel in pitas with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers and Tahini Sauce.nIn the food processor, combine the tahini, lemon juice, cilantro, garlic and cayenne. Puree until smooth. While the machine is running, add the olive oil and about 12 cup water. Season the sauce with salt. Taste and reseason, if needed. Refrigerate, covered, until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup dried chickpeas, soaked overnight, 2 cloves garlic, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, peeled, 1 rib celery, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 12 Spanish onion, Kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 1 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 12 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 to 3 grates lemon zest, 12 Spanish onion, small diced, Flour, for dusting, Kosher salt, Pita bread, Chopped lettuce, Diced tomatoes, Peeled, diced cucumbers, Tahini Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup tahini, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Falafel, picturelink: y19nDDnZFTgdnANaAGxCF5lSH9MM9LO}, 53727: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace ground sirloin in a large mixing bowl and punch a well into the center of meat. Fill well with the egg, bread crumbs, onion, garlic, red pepper flakes, Worcestershire, parsley, cheese, and a little salt and pepper. Mix up meatball ingredients until well combined, yet not overmixed. Divide mix into 4 equal parts, roll each part into 4 balls and space equally onto a nonstick baking sheet. Place meatballs in oven and roast about 12 minutes. Break a meatball open and make sure meat is cooked through before removing from the oven.nHeat a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add oil and garlic. When garlic starts sizzling, add herbs and crushed pepper. Allow oil to infuse for half a minute, then stir in the tomatoes and season sauce with salt and pepper. Bring sauce to a bubble, reduce heat, and simmer until meatballs are removed from oven.nCombine meatballs and sauce and pile into sub rolls, 4 meatballs per sub. Top with shredded cheese and place under subs under broiler to melt cheese. Top with shredded basil or arugula and serve with a pile of Oven Fries.nDrizzle potatoes with a generous pour of extravirgin olive oil. Toss potatoes with seasoning blend or coarse salt and pepper. Place potatoes on a nonstick baking sheet and roast 20 minutes or until just tender. Give the baking sheet a good shake after 10 minutes to avoid sticking., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground sirloin, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup 3 handfuls, Italian bread crumbs, 1 medium onion, chopped fine, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and minced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons several drops Worcestershire sauce,, 14 cup a couple of handfuls flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup a couple of handfuls grated Parmigiano or Romano, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns around the pan, 4 cloves garlic, crushed and chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, A handful flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, One 14ounce can chunky style crushed tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 semolina crusty sub rolls, with or without sesame seeds, One 10ounce bag 2 12 cups shredded Provolone or Italian 4cheese blend, Shredded basil sweet or shredded arugula spicy leaves, for garnish, Oven Fries, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 4 medium white skinned potatoes, each cut into 8 wedges lengthwise, Extravirgin olive oil, to coat, Grill seasoning blend or coarse salt and black pepper], title: Meatball Subs, picturelink: HsjGfqzOu6zefbpyoeLCdM3bF48HEJG}, 53728: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Make shallow cuts in the chicken thighs with a sharp knife. Toss the chicken with the lemon juice and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a large bowl.nPulse 2 tablespoons yogurt, the vegetable oil, onion, garlic, ginger, tomato paste, coriander, cumin, 112 teaspoons paprika and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor to make a paste. Toss the chicken in the mixture and let marinate 15 minutes.nPlace the chicken on a foillined broiler pan. Broil, turning once, until slightly charred and a thermometer inserted into the center registers 165 degrees F, 5 to 6 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, combine the remaining 12 cup yogurt and 14 teaspoon paprika, the cilantro and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Top the chicken with the yogurt sauce and serve with rice, if desired.nPer serving: Calories 237 Fat 9 g Saturated 2 g Cholesterol 115 mg Sodium 1,266 mg Carbohydrate 8 g Fiber 2 g Protein 30 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs about 2 12 pounds, Juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 small red onion, roughly chopped, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 2 inch piece ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 teaspoons tomato paste, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 34 teaspoons hot paprika, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Cooked rice, for serving optional], title: Chicken Tandoori, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 53729: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the bacon into a large heavy pot and place it over medium heat. Cook until it starts to give up its fat, about 4 minutes. Stir in the onions and cook, stirring, until they start to turn translucent, about 4 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook until you can smell it, about 1 minute. Add the broth, tomatoes, ketchup, Worcestershire, and chili powder. Stir in the beans, turn the heat to high and bring to a boil. Adjust the heat so the soup is bubbling gently and cook 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, pick off all the thick stems from the cilantro. Wash it and shake dry. Chop the cilantro coarsely and stir it into the soup when it has been simmering 10 minutes. cook until the soup is thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lime juice. Serve with the garnishes., ingredients: [10 slices bacon, finely chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped about 2 12 cups, 6 garlic cloves, pressed, 1 14 12ounce can reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 12 cups canned chopped tomatoes, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 4 15 12ounce cans black beans, drained but not rinsed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch cilantro, juice of 12 lime, Thinly sliced scallions, for garnish, Sour cream, for garnish, Grated cheddar, for garnish], title: Black Bean Soup, picturelink: nZXBDOMPk3u2EuvTKyU4OMSTIa5diH2}, 53730: {instructions: Toss 2 pounds trimmed asparagus, 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Roast at 450 degrees F until lightly browned, 15 minutes. Mix 13 cup toasted pine nuts, 12 cup chopped parsley, the grated zest of 1 lemon, and salt and pepper. Sprinkle over the asparagus.nPhotograph by Food Network Magazine, ingredients: [], title: Roasted Asparagus, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 53731: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until it softens slightly, about 1 minute. Add the brandy and swirl the pan until the alcohol evaporates. Add the wine and 14 cup water and cook to reduce slightly, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Transfer the mixture to a blender with 2 tablespoons olive oil and puree until smooth. Cover and set aside.nWhen ready to serve, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp cook until just pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the green sauce, season with salt and pepper, and warm through. Drizzle with olive oil or water to loosen the sauce. Serve with bread.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 5 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons brandy, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 18 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails intact, Warm baguette slices, for serving], title: Shrimp with Green Sauce, picturelink: b9tLxn8nRnDxazSPQs6PQqKivPrqy.}, 53732: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place a sprig of thyme on top of each beet, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and drizzle each beet with 14 teaspoon olive oil. Wrap each individually in aluminum foil. Coat bottom of a small cast iron skillet evenly with 1 cup salt. Place skillet in oven, and roast beets until tender enough to be pierced with a sharp knife, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Allow to cool, and peel skin off beets by rubbing with a paper towel.nQuarter leeks lengthwise, without cutting through the root end. Tie leeks together in a bunch with kitchen string.nPrepare an ice bath. Bring medium pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch haricots verts until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove haricots verts from pot with a strainer or slotted spoon, refresh in ice bath, and drain. Blanch leeks in same pot until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain, and cool to room temperature. Cut leeks through the root end, to make 8 quarters set aside.nHeat remaining 12 teaspoon olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add walnuts toast until fragrant. Season with salt.nOn individual plates, thinly slice 1 beet per plate with a mandoline. Season beets with salt and pepper. Arrange haricots verts and leeks on top of beets, then add mache. Drizzle vinaigrette over each salad. Place 2 slices of goat cheese on each salad plate and sprinkle with toasted walnuts. Serve.nIn a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, mustard, and grapeseed and walnut oils. Season with salt and pepper.nYield: about 13 cup, ingredients: [4 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 medium beets, 1 cup kosher salt, plus more, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 12 teaspoons olive oil, 2 medium leeks, white parts only, well washed, 14 pound haricots verts, 12 cup walnuts, 14 pound mache, Sherry Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 8 thin slices goat cheese, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon walnut oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Beet and Mache Salad, picturelink: null}, 53733: {instructions: In blender combine chipotle, garlic, cumin, coriander, 3 ounces canola oil. Puree. Paint salmon fillets with puree, reserving 1 tablespoon, let sit 10 minutes. In very hot cast iron skillet, sear 2 minutes each side. Remove fish fillets and reserve. In a separate, clean, very hot skillet, place 1ounce of canola oil. Add red onion, red bell pepper, and scallions. Season with salt and pepper. Cook 2 minutes. Add remaining tablespoon of blender puree and cilantro. Cook 2 minutes more. Remove from skillet. In same skillet, add 1 tablespoon extra olive oil, chard, garlic, hot pepper sauce and jalapeno. Cook for 3 minutes. While that is cooking, in a small pot heat beans with roasted red peppers, onions, chili and butter.nAssembly: Toast tortillas lightly in skillet and put on plate. Mash salmon fillets with fork and place in toasted tortilla, top with red onionscallioncilantro mixture, and sprinkle with lime juice. Roll up into burrito and serve with cooked chard and black beans on the side, as well as limes wedges and sour cream., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chipotle peppers, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon cumin seed, toasted and ground, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, toasted, 3 ounces plus 1ounce canola oil, 2 6ounce salmon fillets, cut thick, 12 cup red onion, sliced thin, 12 cup red bell pepper, 1 bunch scallions, sliced lengthwise, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped and packed, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 2 cup loose chard, chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, 1 teaspoon green hot pepper sauce, 1 teapoon jalepeno, deviened, deseeded and roasted, 1 8ounce can, cooked black beans, drained, 1 large red bell pepper, roasted and diced, 1 large red onion, peeled and diced, 1 tablespoon chili powder, mild, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 10inch light flour tortillas, 5 lime wedges, 4 tablespoons sour cream], title: Grilled Salmon Fajitas with Black Beans and Spicy Swiss Chard, picturelink: fJo7K9jm5qgfHk2CkK8RCJx6Tn5JkrC}, 53734: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace sugar in a saucepan and add enough water to cover. Cook until golden amber in color. Stir in the crispy rice and grated orange rind. Pour into greased 8 by 8inch pan and press lightly to pack down. Cool and cut into bars and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, Water to cover, 3 12 cups crispy rice, Grated orange rind from 1 orange], title: Caramel Orange Crispy Rice Treats, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 53735: {instructions: Soak the gelatin in the cold water for at least 3 minutes. Heat the milk in a saucepan over medium heat just until bubbles begin to form around the edge. Turn the heat as low as it will go, and add the cocoa and the sugar. Stir until they dissolve. Add the gelatin to the milk mixture, and stir until the gelatin also dissolved. Refrigerate until set, at least 3 hours. Once the gelatin has set completely, put it in a blender with 2 tablespoons of the milk. Blend until the mixture has a puddinglike consistency. If necessary, add more milk. Its best if you serve it right away, but if you have to wait, just give it a quick blend just beforehand to mix in any ingredients that may have separated out., ingredients: [13 cup cold water, 1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 1 23 cup skim milk or 1 percent milk, 2 tablespoons highquality unsweetened cocoa, 4 teaspoons sugar, 2 to 4 tablespoons whole milk], title: Faux Chocolate Bavarian Cream, picturelink: null}, 53736: {instructions: Mash 6 hardboiled egg yolks, 13 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup crumbled cooked bacon, 1 teaspoon Sriracha hot Asian chili sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 12 teaspoon dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon lime zest, 1 teaspoon lime juice and salt. Spoon into the egg whites top with more lime zest.nPhotographs by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Deviled Eggs, picturelink: nlCq2qUm25Pc2yH5SOzaCuK2RPfv0S}, 53737: {instructions: Puree the tomatoes, onions, garlic, chipotle and adobo sauce in a food processor until completely smooth.nHeat the oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat until nearly smoking. Add the pork in a single layer, season with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and cook, undisturbed, until beginning to brown, about 2 minutes. Turn the pieces and cook until brown, about 1 minute more. Dust the meat with the chili powder, and add the tomato puree, sweet potatoes, chicken broth, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium, cover and gently simmer until the meat is cooked through and the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the toppings: Chop the jalapenos, and whisk together with the yogurt in a small bowl. Shred the cabbage, cut the avocado into chunks and cut the lime into wedges.nLadle the stew into large, deep bowls. Top with the yogurt mixture, garnish with the cabbage, avocado, lime and cilantro and serve with the tortillas., ingredients: [1 cup canned unsalted diced tomatoes, 1 medium white onion, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, 12 chipotle in adobo sauce, plus 1 tablespoon of the sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large pork tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 1inch chunks about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chili powder, One 8ounce sweet potato, peeled and cut into 12inch chunks, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon pickled jalapenos, 1 cup 2 percent Greek yogurt, 14 medium head red cabbage, 1 medium Haas avocado, 1 lime, 12 cup loosely packed fresh cilantro, Eight 6inch corn tortillas, warmed], title: 30Minute Spicy Pork and Sweet Potato Stew, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 53738: {instructions: Special equipment: a spice grindernFor the lime vinaigrette: In a medium bowl, whisk the olive oil, mirin, fish sauce, rice vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, lime zest and juice, and salt and pepper to taste.nFor the salad: Add the rice to a dry castiron skillet set over medium heat and toast, stirring frequently, until nutty and fragrant, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a bowl to cool. Place the rice in a spice grinder and pulse until finely ground the size of kosher salt. Set aside.nHeat the sesame oil in a saute pan over high heat. Add the green beans and cook until well charred on the outside, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate and set aside. The beans should still be almost raw in the middle so they remain crunchy. Place the cherry tomatoes in the same pan and lightly char transfer to the plate with the beans and let cool. Cut the tomatoes in half its okay if they get a little smashed, and cut the beans into 2inchlong pieces.nIn a large bowl, combine the green beans, tomatoes, mung beans, red onions, scallions, papayas, Thai bird chiles, red peppers, cucumbers, basil, mint, pepitas, 12 teaspoon salt and pinch of pepper. Drizzle with the lime vinaigrette and mix well. Transfer the salad to a large serving platter and garnish with the toasted ground rice for fragrance and a crunchy texture., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, Zest and juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons jasmine rice, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 cups green beans, trimmed, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 1 cup mung bean sprouts, 14 cup julienned red onion, 4 scallions, julienned, 2 green papayas, julienned, 1 Thai bird red chile, finely sliced, 1 small red bell pepper, julienned, 12 hothouse seedless cucumber, julienned, 14 cup chopped fresh Thai basil, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 14 cup pepitas, toasted, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Papaya Salad with Lime and Pepitas, picturelink: Sp3va1vz6aRX8VDJgO3scf3LWhRvMO}, 53739: {instructions: Preheat grill or broiler oven. Snap off woody ends of each asparagus stalk and place asparagus into a large ziptop bag. Add in oil, vinegar and some salt and pepper. Seal bag and shake contents to coat asparagus well. Slice camembert and top bread slices with it.nPlace asparagus and cheese bread onto the grill. Grill asparagus about 4 minutes per side and toast bread until crisp and cheese has melted. Transfer bread onto a cutting board and top with five or six asparagus spears. With a large knife, cut bread into three or four smaller pieces and transfer to a serving platter.nDrizzle bread with more balsamic vinegar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 lb. fresh asparagus, 2 Tbs. olive oil, 2 Tbs. Balsamic vinegar, plus more for drizzling, 1 Tbs. fresh lemon juice, 3 34 thick slices of bread from a large, round, crusty loaf, 12 lb. camembert cheese, cut into thin slices, salt and pepper to taste], title: Grilled Asparagus with Camembert Crostini, picturelink: null}, 53740: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except lime, in a pitcher. Stir. Pour into a margarita glass and garnish with lime wedge.nCan also be served on the rocks., ingredients: [3 parts pomegranate juice, 3 parts orange tequila, 1 part orange liqueur or Triple Sec recommended: Cointreau, 1 part sweet and sour mix, 1 12 cups ice cubes, Lime wedge, for garnish], title: Esta Loca Margarita, picturelink: tqkxj2y0ydZpy3H5uIR5qjKZuN0eOG6}, 53741: {instructions: Heat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly butter an 8inch square pan. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt, and pepper.nIn another bowl, whisk together buttermilk, jalapenos, egg, sugar, and 2 tablespoons melted butter. Add to dry ingredients, and stir until just combined.nPour batter into prepared pan, and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, and cool for 10 minutes. Invert onto a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 medium jalapenos, diced, with seeds, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup sugar], title: Jalapeno Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 53742: {instructions: In a large resealable bag, combine lemonlime soda, olive oil, soy sauce, lemon juice, garlic powder, and horseradish. Add steak and turn to coat. Seal and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.nDrain and discard marinade. Grill steaks, covered, over medium heat for 46 minutes on each side., ingredients: [beef sirloin steak, boneless, about 1 pound, 1 cup lemonlime soda, 34 cup olive oil, 34 cup soy sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon horseradish], title: Marinated Sirloin Steak, picturelink: null}, 53743: {instructions: Place the sugar and molasses into the bowl of a food processor and process until the molasses is completely incorporated into the sugar, approximately 1 minute. If necessary, stop and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Place in an airtight container and store for up to a month., ingredients: [1 pound granulated sugar, 3 ounces molasses, by weight], title: Homemade Dark Brown Sugar, picturelink: null}, 53744: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, add the melted butter, pretzel crumbs, confectioners sugar and 1 cup of the peanut butter and stir together until well combined. Press the mixture evenly into the bottom of an ungreased 9by13by2inch baking dish. Combine the chocolate chips and the remaining 14 cup peanut butter in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave in 30second intervals, stirring in between, until the chocolate and peanut butter are melted and smooth two intervals should be enough. Mix to blend, then spread over the peanut butterpretzel layer. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before cutting into squares., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 cups pretzel rods, crushed into crumbs, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup plus 14 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 12 cups milk chocolate chips], title: NoBake ChocolatePretzelPeanut Butter Squares, picturelink: HhR8MyCE.0XZ6.kFY5FdHOkLJubgq}, 53745: {instructions: For the daikon pickles: Place the daikon and carrots in a glass pickling jar. Mix the vinegar, brown sugar and 1 cup water together, stirring until the sugar is fully dissolved. Pour over the daikon and carrots. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours.nFor the jerk chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, mix together the allspice, cinnamon, chile flakes, cloves, garlic, powder, ginger, onions powder, oregano, pepper, salt and thyme. Sprinkle the rub all over the chicken thighs.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, sear the thighs in the coconut oil, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the oven to finish cooking, about 20 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nAssemble the banh mi: Spread the hoagie rolls with avocado it takes the place of pate here. Add sliced chicken, and top with 4 sprigs cilantro, 4 slices cucumber and 14 cup pickled daikon., ingredients: [1 14 cups rice vinegar, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 pound daikon radish, julienned, 12 ounces carrot, julienned, 2 tablespoons ground allspice, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons crushed red chile flakes, 2 tablespoons ground cloves, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 10 to 15 boneless chicken thighs, 3 tablespoons coconut oil, 10 hoagie rolls 8inch, split, 6 avocados, 40 sprigs cilantro, 40 slices julienned cucumber], title: Jerk Chicken Banh Mi with Daikon Pickles, picturelink: y.DX4VwawcOATuWjR5uojIXIRfLmI4G}, 53746: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs. Add milk, bread, and oatmeal. Stir in carrots, onions, cheese, herbs, and seasonings. Add beef and sausage and mix well. In a shallow baking dish, shape beef mixture into the shape of a body. Round ball for head, oval shape for body, mounding up for tummy. Shape arms and place next to body. Shape legs and place next to each other, not apart. Smooth meatloaf so the seams are not apparent. Bake for 45 minutes, until meat is cooked through.nWhile baking combine topping ingredients. Cook spaghetti noodles, according to package directions, rinse and set aside.nAfter 45 minutes, spoon half of the topping over the meatloaf. Return to the oven and continue baking for an additional 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand for 10 minutes.nPut spaghetti noodles on tray, carefully place meatloaf on top of spaghetti noodles. Pour remaining sauce on top of noodles.nTo serve, place a knife in the heart of the meatloaf and be ready for everyone to cutup, ingredients: [3 eggs, 23 cup milk, 2 slices French bread torn into pieces, 1 cup oatmeal, 12 cup grated carrot, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon bouquet garni, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 1 pound mild Italian sausage, 116 ounce package spaghetti noodles, 1 cup tomato ketchup, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoon prepared mustard, 14 cup maple syrup], title: Dead Man over Worms Meatloaf over Spaghetti Noodles, picturelink: 8zLPmi4I1qUeCs6i.4py7IDzjHpmBpe}, 53747: {instructions: Ice cubesnPuree all the ingredients, except the ice, in a blender, in 2 batches, until smooth. Strain through a fine mesh sieve into a pitcher. Pour into glasses filled with ice and serve., ingredients: [14 cups cubed melon, from 2 cantaloupes, honeydews, or crenshaws, 3 cups water, 1 12 tablespoons lime juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 2 tablespoons mild honey], title: Melon Aqua Fresca, picturelink: null}, 53748: {instructions: In a saucepot over medium heat add orange juice, white wine, orange zest and rosemary. Reduce to 12 cup of liquid. Strain and return to saucepot. Over medium heat whisk in the cream and bring to a low boil. Turn heat to low and whisk in cold cubes of butter. Remove rosemary sprig and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve warm.nIn a skillet over medium heat add the olive oil. Season the fillets with salt and pepper, then add to the hot pan. Allow fish to cook until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes per side.nRemove fish from pan and place on top of warmed wild rice. Add sauce around and over fish. Garnish with chopped rosemary and orange segments., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 12 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 1 sprig fresh rosemary plus 1 tablespoon chopped rosemary, for garnishing, 2 ounces heavy cream, 2 ounces butter, cold and cubed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 orange segments, 4 6ounce pieces arctic char, skin removed, Salt and pepper, 12ounce olive oil, 2 cups cooked wild rice], title: Pan Roasted Arctic Char with Orange and Rosemary Beurre Blanc, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 53749: {instructions: For the batter: Combine flour, melted butter, sugar, eggs and salt in a food processor or blender. Add enough milk to make a fluid batter. The batter may be covered and refrigerated up to 24 hours.nFor the topping: Line large baking sheet with parchment paper, and set aside.nSlice pineapple quarters crosswise, 18inch thick. In a 7inch nonstick pan over medium heat, melt 14 teaspoon of butter, spreading with a spatula. Remove pan from heat and allow to cool slightly.nWith pan off heat, ladle in about 3 tablespoons of batter and roll around pan until bottom is evenly coated. Sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of macadamia nuts.nReturn pan to medium heat. Just as crepe sets, but while it is still wet on top, remove pan from heat and arrange pineapple slices on an overlapping circular pattern, completely covering the surface of the crepe. Use a skewer or fork to arrange any of the pineapple slices that fall out of place. Shake crepe slightly to keep it from sticking to pan.nReturn pan to heat, sprinkle pineapple with 2 teaspoons of sugar and about 14 tablespoon of cold butter, cut into bits. Use a rubber spatula to loosen edge of crepe and check underside. When bottom is golden brown, loosen crepe by running a rubber spatula around edges and carefully flip crepe over in pan. Continue cooking until sugar underneath begins to turn a light caramel color.nAdd 1 tablespoon of cream around edges of crepe, and tilt pan so that cream blends with sugar and runs under edges of crepe.nSpray a flat metal surface like the bottom of a cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. Place sprayed side over crepe, and invert skillet to remove crepe. Slide crepe onto prepared baking sheet. Repeat process, wiping pan clean between crepes, to make 10 to 12. Sheet of crepes may be covered and refrigerated up to 4 hours.nTo serve, reheat crepes in a 350 degree oven until hot, about 4 minutes. Transfer to serving plates. Pour rum into small pitcher or gravy boat and set aflame. Top crepes with burning rum. Garnish each plate with a miniature scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 4 tablespoons sugar, 3 eggs, Pinch salt, 1 cup milk, or as needed, 2 large pineapples, peeled, cored and cut lengthwise into quarters, 6 tablespoons of butter, plus 3 teaspoons for greasing pan, 1 cup macadamia nuts, toasted and coarsely ground, 12 cup sugar, 34 cups heavy cream, or as needed, 12 cup 151proof rum, 10 to 12 miniature scoops vanilla, buttermilk or coconut ice cream], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Crepes, picturelink: null}, 53750: {instructions: Special equipment: a pizza peel and a pizza stonenPut a pizza stone on or near the bottom of the oven and preheat to 475 degrees F. Sprinkle some cornmeal on a pizza peel.nDust your work surface with a little bit of flour. Working with 2 balls of dough at a time whatever will fit on your pizza stone, roll out each ball of dough to about 18 inch thick and transfer to the peel. Drizzle the top with a few teaspoons olive oil, scatter some of the provolone evenly over the top and season with some salt, pepper and chile flakes. Using the peel, transfer the pizzas to the stone and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, about 10 minutes.nWhile the pizzas cook, fry the eggs: Heat about 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a small nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Slip in 2 of the eggs and fry until the edges are brown and crisp, the whites are set and the yolks still runny, about 3 minutes.nRemove the pizzas from the oven and spread an even layer of Zucchini Pesto on top, dollop with some ricotta, top with an egg and garnish with some parsley leaves. Repeat with the remaining dough and toppings. Cook the remaining eggs, adding an additional tablespoon of oil to the skillet if needed. Serve hot.nCombine the zucchini, basil, Parmesan, almonds, garlic and onion in the bowl of a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in the oil and process until emulsified. Season with the lemon zest and some salt and pepper and pulse a few times., ingredients: [Cornmeal, for the peel, Allpurpose flour, for rolling, Four 4ounce rounds pizza dough from a Naplesstyle pizzeria, if possible, 5 to 6 tablespoons olive oil, 8 ounces coarsely grated provolone, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Calabrian chile flakes, to taste, 4 large eggs, Zucchini Pesto, recipe follows, 1 pound smoked ricotta, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, 9 ounces small zucchini, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup lightly toasted slivered almonds, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 green onion, chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Breakfast Pizza with Zucchini Pesto, Provolone, Smoked Ricotta and Olive Oil Fried Egg, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 53751: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cover two baking sheets with parchment paper. A plain baking sheet need not be greased.nPut the nuts into the food processor and grind them until very fine. In a large bowl, cream the butter, sugar and vanilla with an electric mixer until light. Add the ground nuts and flour. Mix until smooth. Put the dough into a cookie press with a star or ridged tip and press into long, narrow strips. Cut into 4inch pieces. Shape the strips into rings and place on the baking sheet.nBake for 10 minutes, just until lightly browned. Slide baked cookies on the parchment off the baking sheet onto the countertop to cool, or place onto a wire rack to cool.nWhile the cookies bake, combine the chocolate chips and cream in a small glass bowl. Microwave at high power 1 minute at a time, or place over simmering water, stirring until melted. Dip cooled cookies in the chocolate so that ends are coated by 12 inch. Place on the parchment or on waxed paper to harden., ingredients: [12 cup hazelnuts or filberts, toasted, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Hazelnut Spritz, picturelink: null}, 53752: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large heatresistant bowl, whisk together the cayenne, brown sugar, chile powder, granulated garlic, paprika, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Sprinkle the spice mixture on all sides of the chicken. Transfer the chicken to a container and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours. Leave the remaining spice mixture in the bowl.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the oil until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F. Position a wire rack on a baking sheet.nWhisk together the buttermilk, hot sauce and eggs in a shallow bowl. Put the flour in a second bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dunk the chicken first in the buttermilk mixture, then dredge in the seasoned flour and coat thoroughly. Gently drop the chicken into the oil, in batches if necessary, and fry until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the cooked chicken to the wire rack.nCarefully add about 1 large ladleful 6 to 8 ounces of the frying oil to the reserved spice mixture to let it bloom. Be careful, as it will bubble aggressively. Whisk until smooth. Brush the fried chicken with the bloomed spiced oil as desired.nFor the sandwich build: Meanwhile, halve the Hawaiian rolls, spread with butter and toast on a griddle. Put the hot chicken on the griddled buns, top with pickles, lettuce and a schmear of mayo., ingredients: [5 tablespoons cayenne, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon chile powder, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 12 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon favorite hot sauce, 2 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 Hawaiian rolls, Butter, for spreading, Dill pickles, for topping, Iceberg lettuce, for topping, Mayonnaise, for spreading], title: NashvilleStyle Hot Chicken Sandwich, picturelink: MNOBWoRknnych.A6JNjIszDligOG5SO}, 53753: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the mushrooms and garlic in a large roasting pan, add the olive oil, and pepper and stir to combine. Add the sprigs of thyme and roast in the oven until golden brown and all of the liquid has evaporated, 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the oven and stir in the Worcestershire, salt, and chopped thyme., ingredients: [14 pound oyster mushrooms, cleaned, 14 pound hen of the woods, cleaned, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, cleaned and halved, 14 pound cremini mushrooms, cleaned and halved, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves], title: Oven Roasted Wild Mushrooms with Garlic and Thyme, picturelink: null}, 53754: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine baking sheets with parchment or silicone baking sheets or spray cookie sheets with nonstick cooking spray.nPut the flour, baking soda, and salt into a bowl and stir it with a whisk to combine. Set aside.nUsing a hand or stand mixer, beat the butter until it is lighter in color. Slowly add in sugars and beat until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time and beat until they are incorporated. Stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture using low speed, then stir in the chocolate chips. Drop by heaping tablespoonfuls about 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cookies are lightly browned around the edges, about 12 to 15 minutes. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes and then transfer them to wire racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 12 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups 12ounce package chocolate chips], title: The Best Chocolate Chip Cookie Ever, picturelink: 61S.1Oa.gSfOyRUCuUDQHpc.GyFVj2u}, 53755: {instructions: Put 2 cups cream, halfandhalf or milk, the sugar and salt in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. If using a vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise and scrape seeds into liquid, then add pod. Cook until mixture begins to steam.nIn a bowl, blend cornstarch and remaining cream, halfandhalf or milk there should be no lumps. Remove bean pod from pot and discard. Add cornstarch mixture to pot. Cook, stirring, until it starts to thicken and barely reaches a boil, about 5 minutes. Immediately reduce heat to very low and stir for 5 minutes or so until thick. Stir in vanilla extract, if using.nIf mixture has lumps, strain it into a bowl. Chill until cool, a couple of hours you can skip this step if you have a machine with a builtin freezer. When cool or if there are no lumps, pour into an ice cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions.nHoneyJam Variation: Substitute honey for half the sugar. Add 12 cup good jam to mixture before freezing.nButtermilk or Yogurt: Substitute buttermilk or yogurt for half the cream or milk.nCherryVanilla: Add 1 cup halved, pitted cherries just before freezing.nStrawberry, Blueberry or Peach: Add 1 cup hulled, sliced strawberries, blueberries, or peeled and chopped peaches before freezing.nCoffee: Substitute 12 cup very strong coffee for 12 cup cream or milk.nCoconut: Substitute 1 cup coconut milk for 1 cup cream or milk add 12 cup toasted dried coconut if you like.nMint Chocolate Chip: Add 12 cup minced mint and 12 cup chopped dark chocolate just before freezing., ingredients: [2 12 cups light cream, halfandhalf or milk whole or skim, or a combination, 12 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 vanilla bean or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Cornstarch Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 53756: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the rice and the onion and stir frequently for about 7 minutes, until the onion is softened but not browned. Add the hot broth, salt, and chile strips to the pan and bring it back up to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 10 minutes. Add the corn and simmer for 5 minutes more. Remove from the heat and let stand, covered, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the rice is perfectly tender. Add the crumbled cheese and parsley and fluff with a fork, mixing all the ingredients evenly. Transfer to a warmed serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup long grain white rice, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 cups hot vegetable or chicken broth, preferably homemade, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 medium poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, stemmed, seeded see Note, and cut into strips, 1 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels, 12 cup Mexican queso fresco or feta cheese, 12 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only, finely chopped], title: White Rice Pilaf with Corn, Roasted Chiles, and Fresh Cheese, picturelink: null}, 53757: {instructions: Combine the sugar and grapefruit zest in a small, shallow bowl. Wet the rim of a martini glass with one of the grapefruit wedges, then dip the rim into the sugar mixture to coat. Garnish the rim with the remaining grapefruit wedge.nFill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the grapefruit juice, vodka and pomegranate juice. Shake until well chilled. Strain into the martini glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon grapefruit zest, 2 thin wedges grapefruit, 34 cup freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 2 12 ounces lemoninfused vodka, 2 ounces pomegranate juice], title: Grapefruitini, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 53758: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 icepop molds and sticksnMix together the yogurt, granola and maple syrup in a large bowl. Pour the mixture into icepop molds and add a stick to each. Freeze until the pops are completely frozen, at least 5 hours., ingredients: [One 32ounce container of your favorite yogurt, 2 cups of your favorite granola, 14 cup maple syrup, honey or jam], title: Yogurt Pops, picturelink: KxYfFjQo.vKVfI3..k7AZ.JCvXC84RW}, 53759: {instructions: Before you start the recipe, whisk the powded mustard and vinegar together and let sit for 5 minutes. Place the mustardvinegar mixture into a mixing bowl and add the other ingredients together, whisk well. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with your favorite steak., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons powder mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon molasses, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup onion, minced, 14 teaspoon ginger, finely grated, 14 teaspoon mace, Kosher salt and fresh white pepper, to taste], title: Master Chef Blaubergs Steak Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53760: {instructions: Toss the onion, garlic, sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, 12 teaspoon of the thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and a couple grinds of pepper in a microwavesafe 9inch pie dish. Cover with a piece of wax paper. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the onions are soft and translucent, 7 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 10 minutes in a 700watt oven. When removing the wax paper, be careful to avoid the hot steam. If the onions are still a little raw, microwave again, covered, in 30second increments.nWhile the onions cook, toss the eggplant, zucchini and yellow squash slices with 2 tablespoons of the remaining olive oil, the remaining 12 teaspoon thyme, 12 teaspoon salt and a few turns of black pepper in a large bowl. Add the plum tomato slices, and gently toss.nAlternating vegetables, shingle slices in a circular pattern over the cooked onions in the pie dish. Sprinkle lightly with salt. Cover with wax paper. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the vegetables are soft, 9 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 14 minutes in a 700watt oven. If there is any resistance when you pierce the vegetables with a paring knife, microwave again, covered, in 30second increments. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power for 3 minutes in an 1,100watt oven or 4 minutes in a 700watt oven to evaporate excess moisture. Drizzle with the remaining tablespoon of olive oil., ingredients: [1 medium yellow onion, sliced 14 inch thick, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 oilpacked sundried tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme from about 3 sprigs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small eggplant, peeled in alternating stripes, sliced into 14inchthick rounds about 6 ounces, 1 small zucchini, sliced into 14inchthick rounds about 4 ounces, 1 small yellow squash, sliced into 14inchthick rounds about 4 ounces, 2 plum tomatoes, sliced into 14inchthick rounds about 8 ounces], title: Microwave Ratatouille, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 53761: {instructions: Bring 2 12 quarts water about 10 cups to a boil in a large deep skillet. Add 1 tablespoon salt and the pasta and cook until just al dente 1 to 2 minutes less than the label directs.nMeanwhile, put the peppercorns in a small resealable plastic bag and coarsely crush with the flat side of a meat mallet or the bottom of a skillet. Place the crushed peppercorns in a finemesh sieve and discard any dust that falls through. Heat the olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the crushed peppercorns and cook until sizzling, 1 to 2 minutes. Let cool slightly, then transfer to a large bowl.nUsing tongs, remove the pasta from the boiling water and transfer to the bowl with the peppercorn oil along with 2 tablespoons of the cooking water. Reserve the remaining cooking water in the skillet. Toss the pasta until coated. Let cool slightly, 1 to 2 minutes. If the pasta is too hot, the cheese will clump and not melt.nAdd the cheese to the bowl with the pasta in three batches, tossing well and adding a few tablespoons of the reserved cooking water with each addition make sure most of the cheese is melted before adding more. Continue adding the cooking water, a few tablespoons at a time, until the pasta is coated in a thick creamy sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces bucatini or linguine, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces pecorino romano cheese, finely grated], title: Classic Cacio E Pepe, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 53762: {instructions: Special equipment: 8inch springform pannFor the cheesecake: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Brush an 8inch springform pan with a light coating of canola oil.nPuree the mango and passion fruit juice in a food processor until smooth. Add the cream cheese and continue to process until smooth. Then add the sugar, yogurt, and cornstarch, pulsing to combine. Then add the eggs, lime zest and juice and pulse to combine. Take care not to overmix the batter. Pour batter into the prepared pan.nBake the cheesecake until the outside of the cake is set but the center is still a little loose, about 45 minutes. Turn the oven off and open the door to let out some heat. Close door and continue to cook the cheesecake in the residual heat in the oven for 20 minutes. This gentle finish minimizes the risk of the dreaded crack in your cheesecake.nRun a knife around the edges and cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nMeanwhile make the topping: Put about half of the passion fruit juice and all the lime juice in a medium bowl and sprinkle the gelatin over the surface. Dont stir. Set aside until the gelatin blooms, about 1 minute. Boil the remaining passion fruit juice and all of the sugar in a small saucepan until the sugar dissolves. Whisk the hot juice into the gelatin mixture until smooth. Refrigerate until just begins to set, about 20 minutes. Stir in the fresh passion fruit pulp and seeds and pour over the top of the cooled cheesecake. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours or overnight.nTo make mango coulis: Puree the passion fruit juice, mango, lime juice, and sugar in a food processor.nBring cheesecake to room temperature 30 minutes before serving. Remove the springform ring. To serve, dip a knife in warm water, wipe dry before slicing each piece. Serve with mango coulis., ingredients: [Oil for pan, 12 cup diced fresh ripe mango about 12 mango, 12 cup passion fruit juice, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons Greek or drained yogurt, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 3 large yolks, room temperature, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 cup passion fruit juice, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 12 teaspoons powdered unflavored gelatin, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pulp and seeds from a fresh passion fruit, 14 cup passion fruit juice, 12 cup diced fresh mango about 12 a mango, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon fresh lime juice], title: Passion Fruit Cheesecake, picturelink: okXlO3G6428ds8Pfody3ituTaZ.SnCu}, 53763: {instructions: Reserve 1 12 cups dip as serving sauce. In a large resealable plastic bag, combine remaining 1 cup dip, lamb, zucchini, and onion. Close and shake to thoroughly coat meat and vegetables. Let marinate 30 minutes at room temperature. Can be stored in refrigerator up to 24 hrs in advance.nWhen ready to cook, heat a lightlyoiled grill pan over medium heat. Remove lamb and vegetables from marinade, let excess drip off, and thread on skewers. Place skewers in pan and cook, turning to cook all sides, until lamb is mediumrare and vegetables are cooked through, about 6 minutes total. You may have to do this in batches.nServe immediately over rice or with flatbread and pass reserved sauce on side.nServing Suggestion: Steamed rice, rice pilaf, or pita bread.nIn a medium bowl, mix together yogurt, cucumber, dill, coriander, red pepper flakes, vinegar, and salt until evenly combined. Season well with freshly ground black pepper, taste, and adjust seasoning, as needed. Serve with an assortment of vegetables for dipping., ingredients: [CucumberDill Yogurt Dip, recipe follows, 1 pound deboned leg of lamb, large dice, 2 medium zucchini, large dice, 1 medium red onion, large dice, Metal or wooden skewers, 2 cups plain whole milk yogurt, 14 English hothouse cucumber, small dice about 34 cup, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 34 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: CucumberDill Marinade with Grilled Lamb Kebabs, picturelink: lp1aY1N3LQzUAVWBjDiSkUMn05mACZe}, 53764: {instructions: In an 8quart kettle or pot, heat the olive oil and saute the onions until transparent. Add the garlic and saute until it begins to brown. Stir in crab butter and let cook slowly for 2 minutes crab butter is saffron yellow in color and adds a distinctive rich flavor. Next, add the wine, and reduce. Add tomatoes and tomato sauce, broth, and live crabs.nTo simmer at low heat for about 5 minutes. Add shrimp, clams, mussels and cook for 2 more minutes. Serve in a bowls and sprinkle with fresh parsley. Add salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes, to taste.nIf your crab is cooked ahead of time, add it to the recipe at the same time you add the clams, shrimp, and mussels.nFresh crab usually has yellowish matter under the shell in the center of the body, called crab butter, or fat, or mustard. It is edible and considered quite tasty.nWarm heavy skillet on medium heat. Add olive oil and diced onion. When onion becomes transparent, add the garlic and cook until lightly brown. Add tomatoes, basil leaves, salt and pepper, and simmer for 45 minutes., ingredients: [18 cup olive oil, 14 cup onions, chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Crab butter, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups peeled, seeded, and chopped fresh tomatoes, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup clam juice or fish broth, 2 fresh live Dungeness crabs 112 to 2 pounds each or 4 pounds of live blue crabs, 8 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 16 Manila clams, well scrubbed, 16 black or green mussels, well scrubbed, Chopped parsley, as needed, Salt and pepper, to taste, Red pepper flakes, to taste, 12 cup olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 40 ounces canned puree tomatoes, 18 basil leaves, julienne, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Crab Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 53765: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275 degrees F.nRub the short ribs with salt, pepper, and the Chinese fivespice. Heat a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. Sear the short ribs for 6 minutes on each side, or until well browned. Remove and set aside. Carefully add the sake and mirin, scraping up any brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Reduce by about half then add the orange juice, sugar, scallions, ginger, garlic and soy sauce. Add meat back to the pan, remove from heat, cover and braise in the oven for 5 to 6 hours, or until meat is extremely tender. Remove from the liquid, cool slightly, slice and serve with lo mein noodles or stirfried vegetables, if desired., ingredients: [2 Kobe beef short ribs about 8 ounces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Chinese fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 750 milliliters bottle sake, 3 cups mirin, 3 14 cups orange juice, 1 cup sugar, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 2 ounces ginger, peeled and sliced, 2 ounces garlic, sliced, 1 cup soy sauce, Lo mein noodles, or stirfried vegetables, for serving, optional], title: Fahrenheit Kobe Short Ribs, picturelink: 6K2BDppeFWnM2PFG1z1LqtGXTYCDJq.}, 53766: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350u00b0F. Line the cookie sheet pans with the parchment paper.nKnead the flour into the cookie dough until smooth. Roll out the dough to a scant u00bcinch thickness. Cut out 18 cookies, rerolling the scraps if necessary. Transfer the cookies to the prepared cookie sheet pans.nBake for 1217 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove from the oven, transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely.nSpoon the frosting into a resealable plastic bag snip a corner. Using the photo as a guide, pipe outlines on the cookies, then fill in the outlines with a tight zigzag pattern. Spread the frosting with a small spatula or table knife on about half the cookies to make it smooth.nDecorate with MMSu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate Candies for Easter to make fun designs, ingredients: [23 cup flour, 1 roll 18 oz. storebought refrigerated cookie dough, 1 u00bd cups prepared vanilla frosting, Green food coloring, 23 cup MMSu00ae Brand Milk Chocolate Candies for Easter, 2 cookie sheet pans, Resealable plastic bag, Small spatula or table knife, Large, round platter, Easter Egg or bunnyshaped cookie cutters], title: Easter Cookies, picturelink: EuKXvCMYBy6DqRAfVy5aNTpiNRHOzYe}, 53767: {instructions: To make chicken stock, place all ingredients into 8quart stockpot. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, skimming impurities off the top. Remove chicken pieces. Allow chicken to cool, remove meat from bones, and then return bones to stock. Reserve chicken meat for the gumbo. Continue to simmer stock for additional 2 12 hours.nTo make gumbo, begin by heating oil in a large pot preferably an enameled cast iron or other heavybottomed pot and cooking garlic, onions, peppers, and celery until soft and translucent. Add sausage, tomatoes, tomato paste, and stock. Bring to boil, reduce to simmer and add okra and reserved cooked chicken meat. Season with hot pepper sauce, cayenne, salt, pepper, and file. Simmer for 1 hour until flavors meld together. Stir in chopped parsley. Serve over hot rice and garnish with julienned scallions., ingredients: [1 3 12pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped, 3 carrots, roughly chopped, 2 onions, roughly chopped, 2 bay leaves, Bouquet garni, 5 quarts water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 onions, chopped finely, 2 green peppers, chopped finely, 3 ribs celery, chopped finely, 1 pound andouille or other spicy pork sausage, thinly sliced, 2 cups peeled, chopped tomatoes, 1 tablespoon double concentrate tomato paste, 2 12 quarts chicken stock, 1 pound fresh or 20 ounces frozen okra, chopped into 12inch pieces, Hot pepper sauce and cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon gumbo file powder, Chopped parsley, for garnish, 3 pieces scallion, julienned into 2inch pieces, for garnish], title: File Chicken Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 53768: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking dish with olive oil. In a medium saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil and cook the onions over mediumlow heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until translucent. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Spread the onion mixture on the bottom of the baking dish.nSlice the potatoes, zucchini, and tomatoes in 14inch thick slices. Layer them alternately in the dish on top of the onions, fitting them tightly, making only 1 layer. Sprinkle with salt, pepper, thyme leaves, and thyme sprigs and drizzle with 1 more tablespoon of olive oil. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until the potatoes are tender. Uncover the dish, remove the thyme sprigs, sprinkle the cheese on top, and bake for another 30 minutes until browned. Serve warm., ingredients: [Good olive oil, 2 large yellow onions, cut in half and sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound medium round potatoes, unpeeled, 34 pound zucchini, 1 14 pounds medium tomatoes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, plus extra sprigs, 2 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated], title: Vegetable Tian, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 53769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper set aside.nOpen bread sticks. Press together the ends of 2 of the sticks to make 1 long stick. Repeat with the remaining bread sticks giving you 6 long sticks. Taking 3 at a time, loosely braid together. Repeat with remaining dough. Pinch the braids together end to end.nLeaving a 3inch hole in the middle, loosely coil braids around one another on prepared baking sheet. Press ends together.nBake in preheated oven for 16 to 20 minutes or until completely golden brown. Remove from oven and cool completely. Carefully insert the baby into the cake in between the seams of the braid.nIn a medium pot combine the cream cheese frosting and heavy cream. Heat over low heat until warm and smooth, stirring constantly. Pour glaze over cake and sprinkle with sanding sugars., ingredients: [1 13.9ounce can bread sticks recommended: Pillsbury, 1 1inch heat proof plastic baby, 1 12ounce can whipped cream cheese frosting recommended: Pillsbury, 14 cup heavy cream, Green sanding sugar, Purple sanding sugar, Gold yellow sanding sugar], title: Mardi Gras King Cake, picturelink: x.38NVLlMQ4jItlMoWOnojc5KoTnpq}, 53770: {instructions: With a sharp knife, cut the filet crosswise into 1inchthick slices. Salt and pepper the filets on both sides. In a large, heavybottomed pan on mediumhigh heat, saute the slices of beef in batches with 2 to 3 tablespoons oil until browned on the outside and very rare inside, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Remove the fillets from the pan and set aside on a platter.nIn the same pan, saute the bacon on mediumlow heat for 5 minutes, until browned and crisp. Remove the bacon and set it aside. Drain all the fat, except 2 tablespoons, from the pan. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds.nDeglaze the pan with the red wine and cook on high heat for 1 minute, scraping the bottom of the pan. Add the beef stock, tomato paste, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil and cook uncovered on mediumhigh heat for 10 minutes. Strain the sauce and return it to the pan. Add the onions and carrots and simmer uncovered for 20 to 30 minutes, until the sauce is reduced and the vegetables are cooked.nWith a fork mash 2 tablespoons butter and the flour into a paste and whisk it gently into the sauce. Simmer for 2 minutes to thicken.nMeanwhile, saute the mushrooms separately in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil for about 10 minutes, until browned and tender.nAdd the filet of beef slices, the mushrooms, and the bacon to the pan with the vegetables and sauce. Cover and reheat gently for 5 to 10 minutes. Do not overcook. Season, to taste, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 3pound filet of beef, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning plus 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons good olive oil, 14 pound bacon, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups good dry red wine, such as Burgundy or Chianti, 2 cups beef stock, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 12 pound pearl onions, peeled, 8 to 10 carrots, cut diagonally into 1inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter at room temperature, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 pound mushrooms, sliced 14inch thick domestic or wild], title: Filet of Beef Bourguignon, picturelink: cGhg02ySf8TYVoafPNsxRW1NbHIGn3i}, 53771: {instructions: To make the crab cakes: Pick through the lump crab for shells VERY GENTLY.nIn a saucepan over moderate heat, sweat the onion and pepper in the butter. Remove from heat and cool.nIn a stainless bowl mix the egg, mayonnaise, mustards, parsley, cayenne, hot sauce, salt and pepper. Add in onions and peppers and fold in the crabmeat. Form into cakes about 3 inches across by 1 and 12 inches thick. Pack firmly, but do not crush the lumps, the cake should just hold together. Dredge on top and bottom in bread crumbs and chill for at least 1 hour in the refrigerator.nPreheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a saute pan over medium high heat, add 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil and when hot, saute the crab cakes on 1 side. Do not crowd the pan. Do it in batches if serving several. Add a nut of whole butter to the pan and cook the cakes until brown on the other side. Place in the oven for about 2 to 3 minutes to heat through.nTo make the creme fraiche: Mix all ingredients together and serve at room temperature. This will keep refrigerated for 3 to 4 days., ingredients: [2 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat, 12 small onion, finely minced, 12 small red bell pepper, minced, 1 teaspoon butter, plus more for sauteing, 1 extralarge egg, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley leaves, Pinch cayenne, Sea salt and fresh ground pepper, 3 drops hot sauce, or to taste, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups fine bread crumbs, seasoned with salt and pepper, 12 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon honey mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 drops hot sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Duet of Chesapeake Crab: Chesapeake Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes with Mustard Creme Fraiche, picturelink: null}, 53772: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the horseradish, mustard, salt, and pepper. Set aside.nIn large bowl, mix ground beef, onion, egg, and Worcestershire sauce. Add contents of small bowl and mix thoroughly. Add the bread crumbs and combine well.nPlace mixture into a 1pound loaf pan. Pour ketchup over top and place in oven.nBake uncovered for 45 to 60 minutes., ingredients: [1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 pound ground beef, moistened, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 cup ketchup], title: Moms Meatloaf, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 53773: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat the oil over medium heat and cook onions until tender and golden, about 10 minutes. Toss with bowties, reserved pasta water, kasha, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss in parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 cup bowties, cooked farfalle, Reserve 1 cup pasta water, for tossing, Cooked kasha buckwheat, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, 1 cup uncooked kasha, 2 cups water, In a small sauce pan over medium heat, combine kasha and water. Cover and cook for 10 minutes.], title: Sauteed Onion Kasha and Bowties, picturelink: xoLZOK642ZCyhblI.Ke5g6PqTFGmTzC}, 53774: {}, 53775: {instructions: In medium bowl combine tuna, onion, olives, tomato and parsley. Add olive oil and vinegar and toss to coat. Mound onto pita and top with feta cheese. Place under broiler and cook until cheese is melted. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 can flaked white tuna, drained, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 14 cup black olives, chopped, 12 tomato, diced, 2 tablespoon parsley, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Pitas, halved, 12 cup feta cheese, crumbled], title: Open Faced Healthy Tuna Melt, picturelink: null}, 53776: {instructions: In a very cold mixing bowl, combine the ground beef, onion, capers, chiles, cilantro, Worcestershire, olive oil, and Tabasco. Mix together briefly with your hands until all the ingredients are well distributed. Form the mixture into 6 loose round patties. Place a patty in the middle of each of 6 chilled appetizer plates, make a well in the center of each, and scatter some parsley around the edge of each plate. Nestle an egg yolk in the center of each patty and garnish each plate with lime halves and toast triangles. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 34 pounds very fresh beef fillet, finely ground, 1 cup minced white onion, 12 cup capers, rinsed, drained, and finely chopped, 4 serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Dash of Tabasco, 12 bunch parsley, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 6 very fresh egg yolks, 12 limes, halved, Toast triangles, for serving], title: Tartar Steak Guanajuato Style, picturelink: null}, 53777: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nFlake the crabmeat into a large bowl and add the bread crumbs, mustard, hot sauce, Cajun seasoning, eggs and onion. Mix well but dont overwork or the cakes will be mealy. Divide the mixture into 16 balls and flatten slightly to form the cakes. The recipe can be made to this point and the cakes can be refrigerated overnight or frozen for up to 1 week.nPour 12inch of vegetable oil into a medium saucepan and heat over mediumhigh. When oil is hot, fry the cakes in batches until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Keep warm in a low oven until ready to serve.nMix all ingredients together and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [32 ounces claw crabmeat, 2 cups plain bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, recipe follows, 3 eggs, 1 red onion, minced, Vegetable oil, for panfrying, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne], title: Cajun Crab Cakes, picturelink: wUMjKzeCX9KZxBCUXCO3VL2MMBKN7a}, 53778: {instructions: Make the zucchini bread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter one 9by5inch loaf pan or three 6by3inch mini pans.nWhisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt, baking soda, cinnamon and nutmeg in a large bowl. Add the dried cranberries.nWhisk the eggs, melted butter, yogurt, vanilla and orange zest if using in a medium bowl. Stir in the shredded zucchini. Fold the zucchini mixture into the flour mixture until just combined.nSpread the batter in the prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 55 minutes for a standard loaf or 35 to 40 minutes for mini loaves. Cool 30 minutes in the pans on a rack, then turn out onto the rack to cool completely.nMake the glaze: Whisk the confectioners sugar, milk and vanilla seeds in a bowl. Pour over the cooled zucchini bread and let set, 15 to 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled or 12 cup vegetable oil, plus more for the pan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 cup dried cranberries, 2 large eggs, 12 cup plain yogurt or sour cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest optional, 1 cup shredded zucchini, squeezed dry, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped], title: Zucchini Bread With Dried Cranberries and Vanilla Bean Glaze, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 53779: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine the pineapple juice, orange juice, maraschino syrup and the ginger ale. Pour into glasses filled with ice, then add the rum and stir.nGarnish with a cherry and a pineapple chunk on a skewer., ingredients: [Reserved pineapple juice from canned pineapple chunks from Grilled Fruit Skewers recipe, 12 orange, juiced, 4 maraschino cherries, plus 2 tablespoons of syrup from the jar, 1 liter ginger ale, 4 ounces rum, 4 pineapple chunks, reserved from Grilled Fruit Skewers recipe, Skewers], title: Put a Stick in It Cocktail, picturelink: 5W6aNJc7pJl4O9PdrTpUKqisiXXq8i.}, 53780: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the water, soy sauce, brown sugar, mirin and garlic to a 1 gallon freezer bag and shake to mix well. Add the chicken, then seal the bag, pressing out as much air as you can. Let the chicken marinate for at least 1 hour, or preferably overnight in the refrigerator.nWhile the chicken marinates, put the cucumbers in a bowl and sprinkle with the salt. Toss to coat evenly and let it stand for 30 minutes. When the cucumbers have started turning translucent, grab use your hands to squeeze out as much water as possible. The more water you squeeze out, the crunchier the pickles will be.nTo make the sauce, add the miso, ground sesame seeds, yuzu juice, and water to a bowl and whisk to combine.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Get a charcoal grill going and grill the chicken, skin side down, until the skin is golden brown and crisp. If the chicken starts burning, move it over to the cooler side of the grill. Flip the chicken over and continue grilling until the chicken is cooked through 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and chop it into chunks.nTo make the lettuce wraps, have each person grab a leaf of lettuce and add a spoonful of grilled chicken. Top with some pickled cucumbers and drizzle with a little sesame miso sauce. Wrap and enjoy, ingredients: [1 head Boston lettuce, leaves washed and dried, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 clove garlic, grated, 4 to 6 boneless skinon chicken thighs about 1 pound, 1 large seedless cucumber, sliced very thin 116inch, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons miso, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, ground, 1 tablespoon yuzu or lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water], title: Grilled Chicken Lettuce Wraps with Sesame Miso Sauce, picturelink: NrD2gm1hIpkP8ckWCrG1AtELGeLshiu}, 53781: {instructions: Let cookie dough stand at room temperature 10 minutes to soften. Meanwhile, heat oven to 350 degrees F. In 1quart saucepan, heat 12 cup of the whipping cream over low heat just until hot but not boiling remove from heat. Stir in chocolate chips until smooth. Set aside.nIn 8inch skillet, cook almonds over medium heat 5 to 7 minutes, stirring frequently, until golden brown. Remove from heat cool 5 minutes. Coarsely chop almonds.nIn medium bowl, break up cookie dough. Mix in coconut with wooden spoon until well blended. Press dough evenly in bottom of 9inch springform pan. Sprinkle with 14 cup of the almonds lightly press into dough. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool completely, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, in blender or food processor, place preserves, cherries and orange juice. Cover process with onandoff pulses until blended. Set aside.nSpread cherry mixture over crust to within 12 inch of edge. Stir chocolate mixture with wire whisk pour over cherry mixture, spreading to cover cherry mixture. Sprinkle with remaining almonds. Freeze 30 minutes until chocolate is firm.nMeanwhile, in small bowl, beat remaining 34 cup whipping cream with electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. Run sharp knife around edge of torte to loosen. Remove side of pan. To serve, cut into 12 wedges. Top each serving with dollop of whipped cream. Store covered in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated sugar cookies, 1 14 cups whipping cream, 23 cup Hersheysu00ae Special Darku00ae chocolate baking chips, 13 cup Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturalsu00ae Blanched Slivered Almonds, 1 cup flaked coconut, 1 jar Smuckersu00ae Cherry Preserves, 1 cup, 1 cup sweetened dried cherries, 1 tablespoon orange juice], title: O My Ganache Cherry Macaroon Torte, picturelink: zkmPTz9TR38OvdiTwpmHUlZSTbQQi6}, 53782: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Use 1 tablespoon of the butter to grease a 2 quart ovenproof baking dish.nPeel the sweet potatoes and slice them 18inch thick. Place 13 of the potatoes in the bottom of the baking dish. Season with salt and sprinkle over 13 of the pecans. Repeat 2 more times. Pour the coffee liqueur and cream over the potatoes. Spread the brown sugar evenly over the top and dot with the remaining butter. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake until the sweet potatoes are tender when poked with a sharp knife, about 50 to 60 minutes. Remove the dish from the oven and turn on the broiler. Remove the foil and cover the sweet potatoes evenly with the marshmallows. Put the dish under the broiler until the marshmallows are lightly browned, about 1 minute. Let cool a bit before serving., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 pounds sweet potatoes, Kosher salt, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup coffee flavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 1 10.5 ounce bag mini marshmallows], title: Candied Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 53783: {instructions: Add the water, cranberries, sugar, cinnamon stick, rosemary, salt and lemon zest to a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower the heat and simmer until slightly reduced in volume and thickened to a syrup. Remove from the heat and strain through a fine mesh sieve into a bowl. Discard the solids. Refrigerate until cool, about 30 minutes.nTo make a drink:nPut a handful of ice in a drink shaker along with 1 12 ounces of whiskey and 1 tablespoon of the cranberry syrup. Shake gently a few times and strain into a glass. Repeat for the remaining drinks and serve., ingredients: [12 cup water, 1 cup cranberries, 1 cup sugar, 3inch cinnamon stick, 2 sprigs rosemary, Pinch salt, 1 lemon, zested, Ice, 200 ml bottle whiskey], title: Sunnys Family Therapy Cranberry Rosemary Digestif, picturelink: null}, 53784: {instructions: Shred 1 pound Brussels sprouts in a food processor. Saute 4 thinly sliced shallots in 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat, 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons cider vinegar and 1 tablespoon sugar and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate and wipe out the skillet. Add 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet and increase the heat to medium high. Add the Brussels sprouts, and salt and pepper to taste cook 5 minutes. Add 12 cup water and a pat of butter cook 5 more minutes. Stir in the shallots.nServes 4 side Calories: 157 Total Fat: 10 grams Saturated Fat: 6 grams Protein: 4 grams Total carbohydrates: 16 grams Sugar: 6 grams Fiber: 4 grams Cholesterol: 25 milligrams Sodium: 322 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Sauteed Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 53785: {instructions: Fill a bowl with ice water add half of the lemon juice and 1 tablespoon salt. Peel the celery root with a paring knife. Rinse, then cut into matchsticks. Add to the lemon water and let soak 15 minutes. Drain and pat dry.nWhisk the remaining lemon juice, the mustard, vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a bowl gradually whisk in the olive oil, then the cream. Add the celery root and toss cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nArrange the frisee and radicchio on a platter. Top with the celery root mixture.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Juice of 2 lemons, Kosher salt, 1 medium celery root, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar, Freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 head frisee, torn, 1 head radicchio, torn], title: Celery Root Salad, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 53786: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a baking pan spread almonds in 1 layer and toast in middle of oven until golden, about 12 minutes. Toss almonds with butter and salt until coated well and butter is melted., ingredients: [1 cup blanched whole almonds, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon coarse or fine sea salt], title: Salted Almonds, picturelink: null}, 53787: {instructions: Segment the orange and grapefruit reserving the unsegmented part of each fruit. Cut jicama, chayote, and cucumber in fingersized julienne. Place the segmented oranges and the grapefruit in a bowl with the other cut veggies Add watermelon, banana, lime juice and squeeze the unsegmented part over the cut veggies and citrus. Toss in the chili and cilantro.nSeason with salt, to taste, and serve each piece on a toothpick., ingredients: [1 orange, peeled, 1 grapefruit, peeled, 14 jicama, washed and peeled, 1 chayote fruit, peeled and sliced, 1 cucumber, peeled, 1 banana, peeled and sliced into 1inch pieces, 2 cups watermelon, cubed, 1 lime, juiced, 1 pinch chili flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt, Toothpicks], title: Watermelon Mexicana, picturelink: null}, 53788: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl.nMelt the chocolate chips and butter in a medium microwavesafe bowl in the microwave in 30second increments, stirring in between, until smooth. Let cool slightly.nBeat the sugar and eggs with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until thick and pale yellow, about 2 minutes. Scrape the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture and beat until incorporated. Beat in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and beat on mediumlow speed. Fold in the walnuts if using. The batter will be quite soft at this point. Refrigerate until firm enough to scoop, about 30 minutes.nPosition oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nScoop heaping tablespoons of batter a number30 ice cream scoop works great, too onto the prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart the cookies will spread considerably. You will have additional batter for a second batch.nBake until the tops of the cookies are crackled and no longer glossy and the edges are firm, 14 to 16 minutes, rotating the sheets about halfway through. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely. When the baking sheets are cool, repeat with the remaining batter. The cookies can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup walnuts, roughly chopped, optional], title: Brownie Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 53789: {}, 53790: {instructions: In a mixer with a whisk attachment, whisk the cream into medium peaks. Add 1 cup of the sugar to the cream and continue to whisk until stiff peaks form. Turn the cream out into a large bowl. Clean the bowl and whisk attachment. Add the egg yolks and the remaining 1 cup sugar. Whisk until the yolks are pale yellow and tripled in volume. Add the yolks to the whipped cream. Add the almond or vanilla extract and begin to fold the yolks into the cream. Add the pistachios and turn the mixture out into a glass serving dish. Freeze overnight.nTo serve: Cut the semifreddo into desired size pieces. Place individual pieces in a serving bowl and top with berries and chocolate sauce. Garnish with powdered sugar and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [5 cups cream, 2 cups sugar, 12 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon almond or vanilla extract, 1 cup roughly chopped, toasted pistachios, Fresh berries, for serving, Chocolate sauce, for serving, Powdered sugar, optional, Mint sprigs, optional], title: Semifreddo, picturelink: null}, 53791: {instructions: In a medium saucepan add greens and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook for 15 minutes. Remove greens to a cutting board reserving 2 cups of cooking water and chop coarsely, set aside.nIn a heavy saucepan over medium low heat whisk 14 cup oil and flour together and cook, stirring constantly, until the roux is a dark reddish brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside. In a large soup pot heat 2 tablespoons oil and saute onions, green pepper, celery and tomatoes for about 10 minutes or until vegetables are wilted. Add hot sauce, file powder, cayenne, thyme, oregano, basil, parsley and garlic and cook for about 5 minutes more. Then whisk in roux, stock and reserved greens cooking water, bring to a boil, add salt and pepper, reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Add okra, kidney beans and cook for 5 minutes more. Taste for seasoning. Serve with white rice., ingredients: [2 pounds greens collard, mustard or turnip, washed, stemmed, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup flour, 2 cups finely chopped onions, 1 cup finely chopped green bell pepper, 1 cup finely chopped celery, 1 16ounce can plum tomatoes, drained, coarsely chopped, 3 bay leaves, 14 cup hot sauce, 1 teaspoon file powder, Cayenne pepper, to taste, 12 teaspoon dried leaf thyme, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon basil, 14 cup chopped parsley, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 6 cups vegetable stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 10ounce package frozen okra, 1 16ounce can kidney beans, drained, rinsed, 2 cups cooked white rice, warm], title: Vegetable Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 53792: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread the potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots, parsnips, and red onions out on a heavy, rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil, salt, and pepper, and toss to coat evenly. Roast in the oven for 50 minutes, flipping with a spatula half way through the cooking. Transfer to a serving bowl, drizzle with butter, and sprinkle with parsley and flaky sea salt., ingredients: [2 large red potatoes, scrubbed, cut into large cubes, 1 large sweet potato, peeled, cut into large cubes, 1 carrot, peeled, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 parsnips, peeled, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 large red onion, peeled and cut into 18ths, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Flaky sea salt], title: Market Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 53793: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat water on stove at medium temperature, add red peppers. Boil until peppers soften about 710 minutes. While red peppers soften, chop onion, cilantro and mix together. Mix the two cheeses together in a bowl. When red peppers soften, transfer them into blender. Add 2 cups of the same boiled water, salt, and garlic to blender. Blend for 23 minutes. Using a bowl and a strainer, strain this mixture to remove seeds and remaining skin. Add 1 cup of HERDEZu00ae Salsa Casera to mixture. Mix well. Add grapeseed oil to skillet and heat. Soften tortillas in grapeseed oil for 1020 sec. Set on paper towel until all tortillas are done. Dip tortillas into red sauce and lay on flat surface, add crab and roll. Place rolled tortillas into a 9 x 13 pan. Use remaining red sauce to cover rolled tortillas. Pour 12 cup of remaining HERDEZu00ae salsa over mixture. Sprinkle cheese over the salsa. Pour remaining 12 cups of HERDEZu00ae salsa over cheese. Bake for 2530 minutes. Remove from oven. Sprinkle the onion and cilantro mixture over the cheese. Drizzle the Mexican cream over mixture. Serves 4nGuacamole:nMix together mashed avocado, diced onions, diced tomatoes, lime juice and HERDEZu00ae Salsa Verde. Serve., ingredients: [3 12 oz. jack cheese shredded, 12 cup of Mexican cream, if not available, sour cream with some heavy cream added may be used, 12 corn tortillas or flour if desired, 3 12 oz. cheddar cheese shredded, 12 cup of onion 14 inch dice, 3 tablespoons cilantro chop, Guacamole:, 14 cup of onion chop 14 inch dice, 12 cup of tomatoes chopped 14 inch dice, 2 whole large avocados pitted and mashed, 12 cup of HERDEZR salsa verde, 1 12 tablespoons lime juice, 1 12 cups Shredded crab or imitation crab, 4 oz of dried red peppers, 3 cups of water, 1 12 teaspoon of salt, 2 cloves of garlic, 2 cups HERDEZu00ae Salsa Casera medium, 4 Tablespoons of grapeseed oil], title: Crab Meat Enchiladas, picturelink: yvkTVijpK57l86JM5ByLIyOw1HHf2I2}, 53794: {instructions: Dice the red potatoes into 12inch cubes and place in a pot of cold water. Bring the potatoes to a simmer over high heat and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Once the potatoes are tender, when pierced with a knife, drain and transfer to a large bowl.nTo the bowl with the potatoes add the honey, mustards, oil and vinegar. Add the scallions, celery and dill, then toss everything with the honey mustard dressing. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 pound red potatoes, scrubbed, but not peeled, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons cider vinegar, 2 scallions, green and white parts, sliced, 1 rib celery, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Salt and pepper], title: Red Potato Salad with Dijon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 53795: {instructions: Cook the potatoes in boiling salted water 10 minutes. Drain and reserve.nFry the chorizo in a large nonstick skillet until browned. Drain off any excess oil. Add the onion and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook until wellbrowned, about 10 minutes.nBeat the eggs until frothy and add to the chorizo. Stir with a fork to scramble until soft, not browned. Stir in the cilantro just before the eggs set. Garnish with scallions and cheese and serve., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, peeled and diced, 12 pound bulk or chopped chorizo, 1 onion, chopped, 10 eggs, Salt an freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 bunch cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 green onions, sliced for garnish, Grated Panela cheese for garnish], title: Chorizo con Papas y Huevos, picturelink: null}, 53796: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSprinkle the brisket liberally on both sides with 1 tablespoon salt and some pepper.nPlace a large Dutch oven or heavybased pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil. Add the brisket and sear on all sides until deep golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the brisket and set aside. Add the garlic, celery, carrots and onions and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Deglaze the pot with the wine and let simmer, about 1 minute. Then, use a wooden spoon to scrape the bottom of the pot. Then add the stock, rosemary, bay leaves and thyme. Add the brisket back to the pot fatside up, cover and roast in the oven until the brisket is fork tender, about 3 hours.nTransfer the brisket to a cutting board and let it rest, about 15 minutes. Strain out the vegetables and skim off some of the excess fat and reserve the jus. Slice the brisket thinly across the grain.nWhisk the mayonnaise and mustard until well blended in a small bowl. Smear the top of the rolls with the mayonnaise mixture liberally. Place the mozzarella on the bottom of the rolls, pile high with the brisket and ladle the jus over top. Top with the Red Cabbage Slaw.nWhisk the lemon juice, vinegar and sugar in a medium bowl. While whisking, slowly add the oil until smooth. Add the cherry peppers, shallots and cabbage. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside in the refrigerator until you are ready to serve., ingredients: [One 4pound beef brisket, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 2 celery stalks, cut into chunks, 1 large carrot, cut into chunks, 1 yellow onion, cut into chunks, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 bay leaves, 3 or 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon stoneground mustard, 4 onion rolls, buttered and toasted until golden, 8 slices smoked mozzarella, Red Cabbage Slaw, recipe follows, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 1 12 lemons, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup thinly sliced jarred cherry peppers, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced, 12 head red cabbage, thinly sliced about 4 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jewish Brisket Sandwich with Smoked Mozzarella and Red Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: NJi7UTrl2fovck5vvUskBdlRVJZFxAO}, 53797: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large heavy ovenproof pan le crueset or dutch oven, heat the oil over medium high heat. Pat the roast dry rub to coat with salt and pepper. Brown the meat on all sides in the heated casserole. Add in the onions and celery, stir and cook for 2 minutes or until softened. Stir in the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, red wine, beef stock and bay leaf and bring to a simmer. Cover and place pot in oven to braise.nAfter 1 hour, remove pot and stir in carrots. Return to oven for another 30 minutes. Remove pot from oven and stir in potatoes. Return to oven for another 30 minutes or until the meat and vegetables are tender.nWhen the meat is tender, remove it to a platter. Remove vegetables to a bowl and cover to keep warm. Using a large spoon, skim off the excess fat from the remaining cooking juices. Bring liquid to a simmer on the stovetop. Slowly stir in half of the cornstarch mixture and simmer to thicken. Add more cornstarch mixture until desired gravy consistency is reached. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the parsley.nSlice the beef and place on platter surrounded with the vegetables. Serve with gravy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups brown beef stock, 3 12  4 pound boneless chuck roast, 1 bay leaf or beef shoulder, rolled  tied, 1 pound carrots,cut into diagonals, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 1 12 pounds all purpose potatoes,, 1 cup chopped celery peeled and quartered, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons cornstarch dissolved, 1 cup red wine in 3 tablespoons water, 12 cup chopped parsley], title: Pot Roast with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 53798: {instructions: To prepare blue cheese ice cream, combine the blue cheese, vanilla ice cream, brown sugar, and hot sauce together in a medium bowl. Freeze for at least 2 hours or until frozen.nSlice a14inch off the bottom of each head of lettuce to allow it to sit flat like a bowl. Slice 1inch off the top and remove the middle leaves of lettuce to create a bowl. Fill each bowl with the blue cheese ice cream, diced tomatoes, and one strip of fried bacon.nWhisk the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and cracked black pepper, to taste, in a small bowl and drizzle the dressing over the salad., ingredients: [1 16ounce container blue cheese, 1 14ounce container high quality vanilla icecream, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 4 small heads iceberg lettuce, 2 cups diced heirloom tomatoes, 4 strips fried bacon, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Modern Wedge Salad with Blue Cheese Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 53799: {instructions: In a blender or food processor finely chop the garlic, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula if necessary. Add the herbs, pine nuts, Parmesan, salt, pepper and olive oil and process until smooth. Pesto will keep stored in a airtight container and refrigerated for up to one week. Pesto can also be frozen and stored for up to one month., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 1 cup firmly packed fresh basil leaves, 1 cup firmly packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 cup firmly packed fresh mint leaves, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, cooled, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil], title: Three Herb Pesto, picturelink: null}, 53800: {instructions: Roughly mash the beans with the superfine sugar.nSoften ice cream slightly in the microwave for several seconds. Transfer ice cream into a large shallow mixing bowl and work in the mashed beans and few dashes of nutmeg together, quickly and as evenly as possible.nTransfer to the freezer and freeze for at least an hour or preferably overnight., ingredients: [1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 quarts vanilla bean ice cream, Finely grated fresh nutmeg], title: Vanilla Bean and Cannellini Bean Ice Cream, picturelink: eRfMVwRre5fPu4qLK6xMFvu4Cnpgu}, 53801: {instructions: Make the mug cake: Whisk the peanut butter, granulated sugar, flour, baking powder and egg together in a medium bowl and then transfer to a mug. Microwave on high until puffed and set, 60 to 70 seconds. Let cool for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Mix the powdered sugar and chocolate syrup together until smooth.nSpoon the frosting over the cake. Crush a few potato chips over the top and insert a few whole chips into the frosting. Eat immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 2 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 large pinch baking powder, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 2 teaspoons chocolate syrup, Potato chips, for topping], title: Peanut Butter Mug Cake with Chocolate Icing and Potato Chips, picturelink: wRdCThJsuhLF4O582jDdX6coL2dxsG}, 53802: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly whip the egg white, hazelnut extract, hazelnut paste, and sugar. Sift the flour and mix into the egg white until smooth. Stir in the butter.nUsing a template 3 12inch round, spread the batter on a sheet pan lined with a silpat. If you dont have a template, you can drop 2 teaspoons of batter onto the sheet pan and spread evenly into a 3 12inch circle.nBake for approximately 5 minutes until the edges become brown. Remove from the oven.nOne at a time and working quickly, turn a cookie over, place a fortune in the center of the cookie. Draw opposite edges towards the center, slightly overlapping and then fold the ends downwards, in half. You can fold over the rim of a bowl. Cookies will crisp as they cool.nWhen cool, coat the outer rim with melted chocolate and rolled in chopped hazelnuts., ingredients: [1 egg white, 1 teaspoon hazelnut extract, 1ounce hazelnut paste, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons butter, melted but cooled, 1 cup chocolate, melted, 12 cup hazelnuts, chopped], title: Hazelnut Fortune Cookies, picturelink: 0kUZOl8g11BB8fOmzz0CheoObpE3mX.}, 53803: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Position rack in center of oven.nIn a heatproof bowl, cover the raisins with very warm grappa to 1 inch above the level of the raisins. Soak until the raisins are plumped, about 3 to 5 minutes.nIn a double boiler, melt 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate. Keep warm.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt. Put aside.nWith an electric mixer, cream the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until well blended and lighter in color.nAdd the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl as needed. Blend in the warm melted chocolate, 2 tablespoons warm grappa, and the vanilla extract.nAt low speed, add the dry ingredients in 2 or 3 additions until just combined.nFold in 12 ounces chocolate chunks and raisins. Chill the dough for at least 1 hour.nUsing lightly buttered cookie sheets or parchment paper, drop dough by generous tablespoons onto cookie sheet, about 3 inches apart to allow for spreading.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes. The cookies will look underdone, but will continue to cook and firm as they cool. Let stand for 1 to 2 minutes before transferring to cooling racks to cool completely.nStore in a tightly sealed container.nEnjoy, ingredients: [1 cup dark raisins, Italian Grappa, enough to cover raisins, plus 2 tablespoons, warmed, 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, plus 12 ounces, cut into small chunks 14 to 12inch, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons Dutch process cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 34 cup white granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Grappa infused Chocolate Chocolate Chunk Cookies, picturelink: null}, 53804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPlace the rice and 4 cups of the chicken stock in a Dutch oven, such as Le Creuset. Cover and bake for 45 minutes, until most of the liquid is absorbed and the rice is al dente. Remove from the oven, add the remaining cup of chicken stock, the Parmesan, wine, butter, salt, and pepper, and stir vigorously for 2 to 3 minutes, until the rice is thick and creamy. Add the peas and stir until heated through. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 cups Arborio rice, 5 cups simmering chicken stock, preferably homemade, divided, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, diced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup frozen peas], title: Easy Parmesan Risotto, picturelink: OlQA9N.QH3qtxr52Z4F8t8XbrtHWMY6}, 53805: {instructions: Pour the couscous in a large bowl, add salt, to taste, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup lukewarm water, 4 tablespoons of the melted butter. Mix and let rest for 15 minutes, until the water is absorbed.nPreheat a thick pot. Add olive oil and heat. Add Cornish hen or quail and brown for a few minutes. Add the chopped and julienned onion, parsley, remaining butter, spices, salt, and 2 cups water. Cook for 15 minutes.nAdd honey, garbanzo beans, raisins, and simmer for another 15 minutes. Add water as needed. Add the dates. Simmer for 5 minutes, or until the dates are hot.nSeparate the couscous grains by rubbing both hands together. Make sure there are no lumps. Fill the bottom of the couscoussiere or pot with 1 12 gallons water. Bring to a boil. Put the couscoussiere or finemeshed sieve on top. When the vapor comes up, pour the couscous in the top sieve, and let it steam for 15 to 20 minutes, until tender and spongy.nOn a large platter, spread a 1inch thick layer of couscous. Add some pieces of Cornish hen or quail around the middle. Then pour over the surface onions, raisins, and garbanzo beans.nGarnish with dates, the roasted almonds, and the rest of the sauce. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds coucous durum wheat recommended, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup lukewarm water, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, plus 4 tablespoons, Olive oil, 2 small Cornish hens or 4 medium quails, cut into small pieces, 1 large red onion, julienned, plus 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 4 stems parsley, finely chopped, 2 12 tablespoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 generous pinch saffron, 1 12 tablespoons cinnamon, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon Ras el Hanout a mixture of 37 aromatic spices or, a pinch clove and a pinch nutmeg, 2 cups water, 4 tablespoons honey, 1 cup garbanzo beans, precooked or soaked overnight, 1 cup seedless raisins, 20 majhoul dates or 1 pound biskra or deglatnour dates, 12 cup roasted, skinless almonds], title: Couscous Tfaya with Chicken and Majhoul Dates, picturelink: null}, 53806: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: five 5inch castiron skillets or a 10inch castiron skilletnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large castiron skillet set over medium heat. Add the carrots, celery and onions, and saute until tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the ground beef and cook until no longer pink, 5 to 7 minutes. If using ground beef substitute, cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the top and saute to cook off the flour flavor, 1 minute. Whisk in the porter and stock until combined. Stir in the corn, peas, Worcestershire, garlic powder and red pepper flakes until combined. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook to reduce the liquid by onethird, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper.nFill five 5inch castiron skillets halfway with the beef mixture. Divide the Pepper Jack Mashed Potatoes evenly among the skillets. Alternatively use a 10inch skillet and fill halfway with the beef mixture and top with the potatoes. Place the skillets on a baking sheet and bake until the mashed potatoes start to brown and the sauce is bubbly, 20 to 30 minutes.nPlace the potatoes in a large saucepan set over mediumhigh heat, then cover with cold water and season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender, 10 minutes. Drain and place the potatoes in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the sour cream, cream cheese, pepper Jack and some salt and pepper, and mix until fluffy. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Fold in the green onions and enjoy, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, finely diced 34 cup, 2 stalks celery, finely diced 34 cup, 1 medium onion, finely diced 1 12 cups, 1 pound lean ground beef 9010 ratio or ground beef substitute, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup porter beer, at room temperature, 1 cup vegetable stock, warmed, 12 cup frozen corn, 12 cup frozen peas, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pepper Jack Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 3 large russet potatoes, peeled and coarsely diced about 2 pounds or 5 cups total, Kosher salt, 23 cup sour cream, 4 ounces cream cheese, 4 ounces pepper Jack cheese, grated, Coarsely ground black pepper, 12 bunch green onions, greens sliced], title: Porter and Vegetable Shepherds Pie, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 53807: {instructions: Mix together the apples, nuts, spices and honey. Add the wine and mix thoroughly., ingredients: [2 large apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 13 cup walnuts, chopped, 13 cup almonds, chopped, 13 cup pecans, chopped, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, ground, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 4 cardamom seeds, crushed, 3 tablespoons honey, 14 to 13 cup kosher for Passover red wine], title: Haroset, picturelink: null}, 53808: {instructions: Special equipment: A small food processornPull 1 wrapper off the stack and place on a flat work surface. Lay 1 cilantro leaf in the center of the wrapper, followed by 1 shrimp curled into a circle. Drizzle 18 teaspoon of the Chili Oil on top of the shrimp.nEgg wash with a pastry brush around the top edge of the wrapper. Fold in half, firmly pressing the edges together. Place the dumplings on a baking sheet dusted with semolina.nFill a wok with 2 cups of vegetable oil and bring oil to 350 degrees F. Cook the dumplings 3 or 4 at a time for about 2 minutes, turning after 1 minute or when golden brown. Drain on absorbent paper.nServe warm with mango slices and SaffronCoconut Milk Sauce, along with Chili Oil on the side.nPulse the chiles, sambal and grapeseed oil in the food processor. Transfer to a squeeze bottle. Allow the flavors to infuse for at least 30 minutes prior to serving.nServe at room temperature.nPlace the saffron in the white wine and set aside for 20 to 30 minutes. Place the coconut milk and heavy cream in a small pot and over medium heat cook down by half. Whisk in the saffron wine, lemon juice, kosher salt, and cayenne pepper.nServe the sauce warm., ingredients: [12 round dumpling wrappers, 12 cilantro leaves, 12 medium shrimp uncooked, peeled, deveined, tails removed, 1 recipe Chili Oil, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten, Semolina, for dusting pan, Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying dumplings, Mango slices, as accompaniment, 1 recipe SaffronCoconut Milk Sauce, recipe follows, 7 Thai bird chiles, seeded, 2 teaspoons sambal oelek, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 18 teaspoon saffron, 2 tablespoons white wine, 1 can coconut milk, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Shrimp Dumplings, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 53809: {instructions: In a saucepan heat the dashi and whisk in the miso pastes. Bring to a simmer and add the tofu, scallions, and mirin, if using. Remove from the heat and serve immediately.nIn a saucepan, combine the water and kombu. Bring to a simmer, uncovered, over medium heat. Remove the kombu and discard. Bring the liquid to a boil, add the bonito flakes and immediately remove the pan from the heat. Allow the dashi to sit undisturbed for 2 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a medium bowl. Discard the bonito flakes. Use immediately or store, covered, in the refrigerator for up to 3 days., ingredients: [4 to 5 cups dashi, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons brown miso paste, plus more to taste, 2 tablespoons white miso paste, plus more to taste, 6 ounces firm tofu, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 scallions, white and green, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 2 tablespoons aji mirin sweetened rice wine, optional, 6 cups cold water, One 12inch long piece of kombu, wiped with a damp cloth, One .88ounce25 grams package shaved dried bonito flakes], title: Miso Soup, picturelink: bRcPbFHGglP1Af3J1wx.aokNAS.R7JG}, 53810: {instructions: Make the churros: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and fit a pastry bag with a 12inch star tip set aside. Combine 1 cup water, the butter, shortening, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar and the salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon, then reduce the heat to low and stir vigorously until the mixture forms a ball, about 1 minute. Let cool slightly, then transfer the dough to the pastry bag. Pipe 1inch logs onto the prepared baking sheet, using kitchen shears to snip off each piece you should have 26 to 28 churros. Let rest at room temperature, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the hot chocolate: Bring the milk to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the chocolate, dulce de leche and cinnamon stick. Cook, stirring, until the chocolate melts and the mixture is combined, about 2 minutes. Cover and keep warm over low heat.nFry the churros: Heat about 2 inches of vegetable oil in a Dutch oven or large pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 360 degrees F. Combine the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar, the brown sugar and ground cinnamon in a large bowl. Working in three batches, fry the churros until golden and crisp, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a rack set over a baking sheet. Let cool about 5 minutes, then add to the cinnamon sugar and toss to coat.nRemove the cinnamon stick from the hot chocolate and divide among mugs. Top with whipped cream and drizzle with dulce de leche. Serve with the churros.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup cake flour not selfrising, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, For the hot chocolate:, 2 12 cups milk, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup dulce de leche, plus more for topping, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half, Whipped cream, for topping], title: Mini Churros with Dulce de Leche Hot Chocolate, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 53811: {instructions: Puree the garlic and onion in a food processor until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a stockpot, add the ketchup, whiskey, honey, mustard, vinegar, Worcestershire, lemon juice, steak sauce, molasses and hot sauce and whisk together over low heat. Add the brown sugar, chile powder, salt and pepper and bring to a boil. Boil for 5 minutes, stirring, then reduce to a simmer and simmer for 40 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.nThe sauce will keep for about 2 weeks refrigerated., ingredients: [4 medium cloves garlic, 1 medium onion, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup sour mash whiskey, 34 cup honey, 12 cup yellow mustard, 12 cup white vinegar, 13 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup steak sauce, 14 cup unsulfured molasses, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark chile powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: The Smoking Swines Traditional BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53812: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 18by13inch pan half sheet pan with cooking spray.nIn a mediumlarge saucepan, heat the butter and unsweetened chocolate over low heat, whisking occasionally, until smooth and melted. Sprinkle in the cocoa powder and whisk to combine. Remove the pan from the heat and allow to cool for about 5 minutes.nStir the sugar and vanilla into the chocolate mixture until just combined. One at a time, stir in the eggs. Gently stir in the flour until halfway incorporated. Add the chocolate chips and stir just until combined.nPour the batter it will be very thick into the prepared pan, spreading to even out the top. Bake for 30 minutes, then check the brownies with a toothpick. If they are overly gooeymessy, return to the oven for 5 to 10 more minutes just be careful not to burn the edges. Allow to cool completely important, then cut into small squares., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the pan, 4 sticks 2 cups salted butter, 10 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 4 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla, 6 large eggs, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Dark Chocolate Brownie Bites, picturelink: 9PtJVGJJdEbdldTzq6jSOIW4ZqsBu6}, 53813: {instructions: For the Thai salad: In a large serving bowl, toss the cabbages, cucumber, edamame, carrots and green onions.nFor the sweet limecilantro dressing: Put the oil, cilantro, sugar, garlic, lime juice, salt and pepper in a large blender and blend until smooth.nTop each serving of salad with 2 tablespoons of the sweet limecilantro dressing and 2 slices of avocado for garnish., ingredients: [1 head Napa cabbage, shredded, 1 head red cabbage, shredded, 1 large cucumber, julienned, One 10ounce bag shelled edamame, cooked, 2 carrots, peeled and grated, 2 green onions, finely sliced, 2 cups olive oil, 1 12 cups finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup sugar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 2 limes, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 avocado, peeled and finely sliced], title: Tys Thai Salad, picturelink: lXdTDem4TqNESzMLk5zyRsmeFZ5Fiz.}, 53814: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 large roasting pannPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly coat the roasting pan with vegetable spray.nMake the Vegetables: Toss all of the ingredients in a large bowl, and arrange them in the roasting pan, leaving room in the center for the chicken.nPrepare the Chicken: Nestle the chicken pieces in the center of the pan. Combine the remaining ingredients and sprinkle evenly over the chicken. Cover the pan tightly with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour.nRemove the chicken from the oven and baste with the drippings. Continue baking uncovered until well browned, about 1 hour more. Arrange the chicken on a platter surrounded by the vegetables. Sprinkle with the garnish., ingredients: [Vegetable spray, as needed, 3 ribs celery, cut into thirds, 2 medium yellow squash, halved crosswise, 2 medium zucchini, halved crosswise, 1 medium yellow onion, quartered about 1 cup, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and quartered, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 4 bay leaves, Lemon zest, for garnish, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: FamilyStyle Chicken, picturelink: null}, 53815: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large frying pan, heat oil over medium heat. When oil shimmers, add pine nuts and cook until they make a popping noise and start to brown, about 1 minute. Stir in garlic and onion and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until onion is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer onion mixture to a food processor fitted with a blade, add in remaining ingredients, and process until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning, as necessary. Serve with flatbread, toasted pita wedges, or lavash crackers for dipping., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 12 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed, 12 cup fresh ricotta, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Serving Suggestion: Flatbread, toasted pita wedges, or lavash crackers.], title: SpinachRicotta Dip, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 53816: {instructions: In a mixer with the paddle attachment, mix 8 tablespoons of the butter, flour, salt, and 2 tablespoons of the sugar until sandy. In a separate bowl, blend the egg yolk and the creme fraiche. Add the blended egg yolk and creme fraiche to the flour mixture and mix until barely combined. Form into a disk and chill. Meanwhile toss the sliced apples with 12 cup of the sugar and cinnamon.nRoll out the dough to a 18inch thickness on a floured surface and cut out 8inch disks or 1 large round disk and place on a parchment lined sheet pan. Place the apples in the center of the dough, leaving a 2inch flap of dough around the edge. Fold over the flap onto the apples, forming a rustic, uneven rim around the crostada. The apples should NOT be completely covered with the dough. Dot with the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Brush the edge with the cream and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar. Bake in a preheated oven 350 for 25 to 35 minutes, until light golden brown and apples are tender. Let cool., ingredients: [10 tablespoons butter, cut up, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup plus 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup creme fraiche, 4 to 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cored and sliced into eighths, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons cream], title: Apple Crostata, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 53817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 2 to 2 12inch round cutter the size of the cutter will depend on the width of the baguette, optionalnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a 2 to 2 12inch round cutter the size of the cutter will depend on the width of the baguette, cut out 4 to 6 circular wells down the length of the baguette. The wells should be deep enough to hold an egg dont cut all the way through to the bottom. The number of wells will depend on the length of your baguette. If you do not have a round cutter, cut out circles with a knife. Scoop out the bread filling and brush the insides of the holes with the butter. If you have any butter leftover, brush the outside of the loaf as well.nPlace the baguette on a baking sheet. Crack an egg into a small ramekin and then slide the egg into one of the holes in the baguette. Repeat and fill the remaining holes. Season with salt and pepper.nBake until the eggs are set and cooked to the desired doneness, about 15 minutes. Garnish with the parsley if using and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 baguette, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 to 6 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, optional], title: Whole Loaf Toad in the Hole, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 53818: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCook the bacon in a saute pan until crispy let cool and then crumble.nScrub the potatoes, then place them on baking sheets. Rub the potatoes with the canola oil and bake until tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the potatoes and lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nSlice the butter into pats and transfer to a large mixing bowl. Add the bacon and sour cream. With a sharp knife, cut each potato in half lengthwise and scrape out the insides into the mixing bowl. Tear up 3 of the skins and throw them in. Smash the potatoes with a potato masher. Add the cheese, milk, seasoned salt, green onions and some salt and pepper and mix together well.nButter a baking dish, and then spoon the mixture into the dish, top with more grated cheese and bake until warmed through, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound thin bacon, 16 russet potatoes, 6 tablespoons canola oil, 4 sticks 1 pound salted butter, plus more for buttering baking dish, 2 cups sour cream, 2 cups grated Cheddar or Jack or a mix of both, plus more for topping, 2 cups whole milk, 4 teaspoons seasoned salt, 6 green onions, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Twice Baked Potato Casserole, picturelink: fM6HOWtQ7OzgJFFdLGXj7nAzBy4RbK}, 53819: {instructions: Prepare the rice according to the package directions. Transfer to a serving bowl, and immediately stir in the trail mix, orange juice, olive oil, lemon zest, orange zest, salt and scallions until combined., ingredients: [Two 10ounce microwavable pouches frozen 3minute organic brown rice or two 8.8ounce packages 90second microwavable brown rice, 4 ounces trail mix or a mixture of cashews and raisins about 34 cup, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 scallions, green and white parts, minced or very thinly sliced on the diagonal], title: Trail Mix Citrus Pilaf, picturelink: p9yj4MvkE7lCTeRKBBcYn2D9I.QmPgu}, 53820: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine coconut and butter and press in 9inch pie pan. Bake for 45 minutes. Set aside to cool.nBeat cream cheese till fluffy. Gradually add condensed milk, and mix well.nAdd frozen juice concentrate and mix well. Stir in pineapple and orange rind. Fold in whipped topping. Pour into pie shell and chill at least 3 hours., ingredients: [2 12 cups flaked coconut, 13 cup butter, 13 cup frozen orange juice, 8 oz cream cheese, 114 oz can sweetened condensed milk, 18 oz can crushed pineapple, well drained, 2 teaspoon grated orange rind, 18 oz whipped topping, thawed], title: Hawaiian Cheese Pie, picturelink: null}, 53821: {instructions: To make the tart dough: In a food processor combine the almond meal, flour, confectioners sugar and salt. Pulse several times to combine. Add the butter and egg yolk, process just until the dough comes together. Distribute the dough into the 13by4inch tart pan or 10inch round.nLay plastic wrap over the dough and press it into the pan so that it is an even thickness. Remove the plastic and freeze the dough until it is firm, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cover the dough with foil and fill with pie weights or beans. This will keep the dough from slouching in the pan. Bake for 25 minutes, then remove the foil and beans, bake for an additional 5 to 10 minutes or until the crust is a light golden color. Allow to cool to room temperature.nPrepare the pastry cream: Whisk together the cornstarch and 14 cup of sugar. Add the egg yolks to the cornstarch and mix into a smooth paste. Set aside.nBring the milk, remaining 14 cup of the sugar, vanilla bean, and salt to a gentle simmer in a medium saucepan. Slowly, and in small amounts, whisk the hot milk into the egg mixture. Once the egg mixture is warm to the touch, pour it back into the milk in the pan.nBring the custard to a gentle boil, whisking continuously for 2 to 3 minutes. The pastry cream will thicken almost immediately, but it is important to cook the starch until it isnt grainy. When the pastry cream is done it will be smooth and glossy.nRemove from the heat and add the butter and white chocolate to the pastry cream. Allow to sit for 3 minutes, then gently whisk them together. Pour the pastry cream into a shallow container. Cover with plastic wrap, pressed directly on the surface of the cream to prevent a skin from forming. Set the container in the freezer for 15 minutes this cools down the eggs quickly and then refrigerate for up to a few days.nFill the cooled tart shell with the pastry cream. Decorate the top with the berries and refrigerate until ready to serve. Dust with confectioners sugar right before slicing and serving., ingredients: [14 cup almond meal, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 9 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg yolk, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup sugar, 4 large egg yolks, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 vanilla bean, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 12 ounces white chocolate, finely chopped, 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, 2 cups fresh raspberries, Confectioners sugar for dusting the top], title: 4th of July Berry Tart, picturelink: null}, 53822: {instructions: Pour grenadine into the bottom of a martini glass.nGently pour the blue colored tropical fruit liqueur over the back of a spoon to avoid mixing with the grenadine.nGently pour chilled vodka into martini glass over the back of a spoon to create a layered effect., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grenadine, 2 ounces blue colored tropical fruit liqueur, chilled recommended: Hpnotiq, 2 ounces Mandarin orange vodka, chilled], title: Indochine Cocktail, picturelink: fG54IsmLOh6zaVRQk6ivTNTmd3HsYt.}, 53823: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the four tablespoons of flour with the two egg yolks and the beer whisking them into a smooth batter season with salt and pepper. Whisk the egg whites in a mixing bowl to firm peaks, then fold into the beer batter. Dust each cucumber blossom with flour, then dip into the batter and deepfry until golden brown and crisp.nServe the dipping sauce at room temperature with freshly fried cucumber blossom.nIn nonstick pan over low heat, pour one tablespoon of olive oil. Add the crushed garlic, and when the garlic is lightly browned, add the diced eggplant and cover. Toss the eggplant gently, cooking all sides. When the eggplant is cooked through, place them into the food processor and puree with tahini paste, lemon juice, curry powder, cucumber juice and the remaining olive oil. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus 2 tablespoons for coating, 2 eggs, separated, 6 ounces beer, Salt and Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, to taste, 18 cucumber blossoms, Olive oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, peeled and crushed, 1 pound eggplant, peeled and cubed, 1 tablespoon tahini paste, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon Madras curry powder, 12 cup cucumber juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Cucumber Blossom Fritter with Eggplant and Tahini Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53824: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBake the potatoes right on an oven rack until a bit overcooked, about 1 hour. Let sit until cool enough to handle, cut in half, and scoop out the flesh. Reserve the potato skins, if desired, for another use.nLower the oven to 250 degrees F.nPass the potatoes through a potato ricer or grate them on the large holes of a box grater. You should have about 6 cups. Season the potatoes with the salt and pepper, and then divide them into 16 equal balls. Press each ball into a patty about 13inch thick.nCut half of the cheese into 14inch pieces. Place a piece of cheese in the middle of each of 8 patties. Cover with the remaining patties. Shape the patties into smooth disks. Lightly dust the patties on both sides with flour. Potato patties can be made ahead and covered and refrigerated up to 1 day before cooking.nHeat a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 3 tablespoons of oil and heat until the oil just begins to smoke. Place 4 patties in the skillet. When you hear the patties sizzle, lower the heat to medium. Cook until brown and crispy on both sides, 10 to 12 minutes total, turning once. If the potatoes absorb all the oil, add another tablespoon or 2 of oil to the skillet and cook the remaining 4 patties.nIn a microwavesafe bowl, warm the pesto in the microwave for about 30 seconds or until warm throughout. Grate the remaining mozzarella.nTo serve: Sprinkle each potato cake with grated mozzarella and place in a 250 degrees F oven until the cheese is melted. Spoon pesto on top of each cake and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 pounds large russet potatoes, scrubbed clean, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 to 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small jar store bought pesto sauce], title: Potato Cakes with Mozzarella and Pesto, picturelink: 3KCIV1T0tB74eix1n.3VcRSgSObl26}, 53825: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh.nSeason the wings with Cajun pepper. In a medium bowl, combine the chipotle pepper sauce with 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, and honey, to taste. Place the wings on the grill and as you cook them, turn them and brush each time with the pepper sauce mixture. Make sure the wings cook long enough on each side so they get crispy around the edges.nRemove the wings from the grill and brush again with the pepper sauce mixture before serving., ingredients: [10 to 12 chicken drumettes, 1 tablespoon Cajun pepper, plus more for seasoning wings, 1 bottle chipotle pepper sauce, Honey], title: Hot Wings, picturelink: null}, 53826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSubmerge pork chops the saucepan with the brine for 20 minutes. Remove and pat dry with paper towels.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nSeason the chops on both sides with kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper. Arrange the chops on a baking sheet and put in the oven. Roast the chops until an instantread thermometer registers 90 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, while the chops are in the oven, in a mediumsize saucepan, add the canned cherries, 34 of a cup of Madeira, the orange zest, ginger, agave and a pinch of salt. Bring the mixture to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat to a strong simmer and reduce the sauce by half.nOnce the chops have reached 90 degrees F, remove them from the oven.nHeat a large skillet over high heat, add the grape seed oil and heat until shimmering. Add the chops, being careful not to crowd them, and cook for 4 minutes per side. They will be golden and have a hard crust. Transfer them to a serving platter and tent with aluminum foil to keep warm. In the same skillet that the chops were cooked in, add the remaining 14 cup of Madeira and deglaze the pan over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the balsamic and cherry sauce and reduce by half. Turn off the heat, add the butter and stir to combine. Pour the cherry sauce over the chops and serve.nIn a large saucepan over high heat, add the water and remaining ingredients, except the ice. Stir until the salt dissolves. Remove from the heat, add the ice and stir until cool., ingredients: [4 pork loin chops, bonein about 1 12inch thick, Brine, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 15ounce cans tart cherries, 1 cup Madeira, divided, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 13 cup agave syrup, 2 tablespoons grape seed oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 cups water, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon peppercorns, 1 tablespoon agave syrup, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 cup ice], title: Cherry Bomb Chops, picturelink: 2eDcprE.bdxiTahJhX9Q3OKeh4GY35q}, 53827: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPavlovas: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites until thick, about 2 minutes. With the machine on mediumhigh speed, gradually add the sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time. Add the salt, cream of tartar and lemon zest. Increase the speed to high and beat until the mixture holds stiff peaks, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drop 8 12 cupfuls of the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Using the back of a spoon make a 1 12inch diameter well in the center of each meringue. Bake for 2 hours. Turn off the oven and allow the meringues to cool completely in the oven for 2 hours. Store airtight in a plastic container for up to 1 week.nBerries: In a small bowl, toss together the berries, sugar and lemon juice. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nCream: In a small bowl, mix together the cheese, sugar and vanilla until smooth.nAssembly: Put the meringues on small plates and spoon a dollop of the mascarpone cream into the wells. Top with the berries and serve.nCooks Note: If using blueberries, gently mash them with a fork before mixing with the sugar and lemon juice.nCooks Note: The meringue mixture can also be placed in a pastry bag fitted with a large, plain tip recommended: Ateco  9808 and piped onto the baking sheet., ingredients: [4 egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup superfine bakers sugar, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 tablespoons lemon zest from 2 large lemons, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 cup fresh blackberries or blueberries, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Lemon Pavlovas with Berries, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 53828: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Heavy cardboard base for the house Pastry bag with a medium plain tip and a small plain tipnIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and mix until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time until incorporated. Add the molasses and vanilla and mix. Sift together the flour, ginger, cinnamon, baking soda, cloves, and salt. Working in batches, and mixing after each addition just until combined, add the flour mixture to the buttersugar mixture. Shape the dough into a thick disk, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease 2 cookie sheets.nOn a lightly floured surface, divide the dough in half and roll each piece out into a large 14inch thick sheet. Transfer the dough sheets to the sheet pans then cut out the required shapes with your templates see Gingerbread House Templates below.nBake until stiff and toasty, about 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool completely.nMake the Royal Icing: In a standing mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the confectioners sugar and egg whites together. Add more sugar, if necessary, to reach a spreadable consistency.nAssemble and Decorate the House: Glue the house walls together by setting them up on the cardboard base, and piping the royal icing at the joints with a medium plain tip from the inside. Prop the sides up with wine or soda bottles and let set for 30 minutes. Attach the roof pieces, using the icing in the same waynUsing a spatula to apply the icing, glue the frosted miniwheats on the roof to look like thatching. Attach the front door, with hinges made from icing leave it open to be more inviting. Decorate as you like, following the suggestions in the ingredient list, using the icing as glue, if needed. Use a small plain tip for any filigree style decorative line work, you may want. RAW EGG WARNING Food Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell.nGingerbread House Templates:nBrown paper bags, as needednYoull need to make 7 templates, by drawing the dimensions out on brown paper and cutting them out. Use the templates as a stencil to cut the dough into the required pieces. Here are the templates youll need:nTwo front and rear walls: 5 inches high by 8 inches long. Cut out 2 windows from each wall, and 2 12 by 1 12inch door in one.nTwo side walls shaped like a house triangle on a square: 5 inches high by 6 inches long, with a triangle 7 inches high on top cut all in 1 piece. Cut 1 window out of each side.nTwo overhanging roof pieces: 4 12 inches wide by 9 inches long.nOne door: 2 12 inches high by 1 12 inches wide., ingredients: [8 ounces unsalted butter 16 tablespoons or 2 sticks, softened, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 eggs, 1 cup dark molasses not blackstrap, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 14 cups cake flour, 4 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, Gingerbread House Templates, recipe follows, 3 cups confectioners sugar, plus more as needed, 2 egg whites, Frosted shredded miniwheats for the roof, as needed, Mini tootsie rolls for a fence, as needed, White Hershey Kisses for roof top spikes, as needed, Small candy canes for a lamp post outside the door, as needed, Granulated sugar for snow drifts, as needed, Necco Wafers for a cobblestone path, as needed, 3 large marshmallows, for snow man, Pretzel sticks, for snowman arms, as needed, 2 whole cloves, for snowman eyes, Graham crackers to build a shed, as needed, Assorted candy such as gum drops, peppermint drops, M  Ms, white chocolate chips, red hots, nonpareils or snow caps, silver dragees, green mint jelly leaves, Life Savers, and Animal Crackers], title: Gingerbread House, picturelink: qljgOFMlPPVAQQ4EqFMKJVRxkaQVoG}, 53829: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nStir together the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Use a pastry blender, two butter knives or your fingers to cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold in the buttermilk to make a soft dough. Use a little more buttermilk, if necessary, to keep the dough very soft.nLightly flour your table or countertop and dust your hands with flour. Turn the dough out onto the floured surface and gently pat it into a cake 1 12 inches high. Use a 3inch biscuit cutter to cut the dough into rounds. Use a pastry scraper or a metal spatula to place the cutout biscuits, with sides closely touching, on the parchmentlined sheet. Gently pat the scraps together, sprinkling on a little buttermilk to keep dough soft, and cut out more biscuits.nBake until golden brown, 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 cup shortening, such as Crisco, About 1 cup buttermilk], title: Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 53830: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition the oven rack on the bottom of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F.nLine a heavy large baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out the dough to a 9inchdiameter round. Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet. Using your fingers, make indentations all over the dough. Brush the dough with butter, then bake until the crust is crisp and pale golden brown, about 20 minutes. Immediately spread the chocolatehazelnut spread over the pizza then sprinkle all the chocolate chips over. Bake just until the chocolate begins to melt, about 1 minute. Sprinkle the hazelnuts over the pizza. Cut into wedges and serve.nPizza Dough:nMix the warm water and yeast in a small bowl to blend. Let stand until the yeast dissolves, about 5 minutes. Mix the flour and salt in a food processor to blend. Blend in the oil. With the machine running, add the yeast mixture and blend just until the dough forms. Turn the dough out onto lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 1 minute. Transfer the dough to a large oiled bowl and turn the dough to coat with the oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm draftfree area until the dough doubles in volume, about 1 hour. Punch the down dough and form into ball. The dough can be used immediately or stored airtight in the refrigerator for 1 day., ingredients: [2 teaspoons butter, melted, 14 cup chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons milk chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons white chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons chopped hazelnuts, toasted, 1 pound homemade pizza dough, recipe follows, or purchased pizza dough, 12 cup warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for bowl], title: Chocolate Pizza, picturelink: 5XHkzswTxnHyXEhyuk2Hcue39.zt1Aq}, 53831: {instructions: Combine the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a clean, dry small saucepan preferably one with a pouring spout fitted with a candy thermometer and bring to a boil over high heat. Without stirring, cook until the mixture reaches 305 degrees F or hard crack stage on the candy thermometer. While the syrup is cooking, occasionally wash down the sides of the pan with a clean brush dipped in water, to prevent crystallization.nMeanwhile, stick the wooden skewers into the green ends of the strawberries. When the sugar mixture is done, remove the pot from the heat, and dip it into the ice bath for 15 seconds to stop the cooking. Add the extract and stir the mixture gently in both directions, but be careful not to over mix. Dip the berries in and stick the skewer into a pound of butter or block of styrofoam to cool and harden. Remove the skewers and serve within 5 hours.nNotes about the recipe: You can do other fruit this way such as grapes., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 23 cup corn syrup, 23 cup water, A few drops orange extract, 20 wooden skewers, 20 large strawberries], title: Glaceed Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 53832: {instructions: For the pancakes: Sift the flour and sugar together. Add the milk, vanilla and eggs and mix until smooth. Divide the batter into smaller bowls. For each bowl, you will need about 1 teaspoon of flavor extract and 4 to 5 drops of gel food coloring. I recommend using food coloring gel which is brighter regular food coloring will also work you will just need to use a bit more. You can match it to the desired flavor for instance, yellow for banana, red for raspberry, etc. Once you have flavored and colored your batter, it is time to cook the pancakes Heat a nonstick frying pan or griddle, melt some butter and pour the batter to create pancake rounds. For silver dollar pancakes, use about 1 tablespoon per pancake adjust for desired size. Repeat with ingredients.nFor the syrup: In a medium pot over medium heat, combine the maple syrup, rum, cinnamon and vanilla. Heat until it comes to a boil, and then remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Serve the pancakes warm with the syrup and extra butter if desired., ingredients: [2 cups selfrising flour, 14 cup granulated white sugar, 1 12 cups milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, Pure flavor extracts, Gel food coloring, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, plus more for serving, 1 cup maple syrup, 14 cup rum, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Rainbow Silver Dollar Pancakes, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 53833: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine ground beef, eggs, breadcrumbs, Parmesan cheese, herbs, garlic, onion, ketchup, Worcestershire. Mix well, gradually adding the milk if it seems too moist, add bread crumbs until it is a consistency that will form a loaf without flattening. Spray a large baking or roasting pan with a nonstick spray and press the meatloaf out. Layer cheese slices and ham, covering the center line of the meatloaf, then close it together and tuck in the ends, forming a loaf which is oblong. Crisscross the bacon strips to cover the loaf. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes or until the meat thermometer registers 160 degrees F.nLet rest 15 minutes, then cut and serve. Gravy is optional., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 2 eggs, 1 cup bread crumbs up to 1 12 cups, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pressed, 1 onion, diced, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup milk, 8 slices cheddar, 8 slices baked ham, 8 slices bacon], title: Italian Stuffed Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 53834: {instructions: Special equipment: Wire fold up grillnPreheat a charcoal grill.nFor the dressing: Mix the ginger, sugar, garlic, chile, water, fish sauce, and vinegar. Set aside.nSeason both sides of the fish with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nNow cover the fish with betel leaves, then enclose in the wire rack.nChar grill each side of the fish for 15 to 20 minutes on medium heat.nCover the fish with the fish sauce dressing and garnish with sliced chile and spring onions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peeled and pounded fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 cloves garlic, pounded 1 tablespoon, 1 chile, pounded, 12 cup water, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 tablespoons vinegar, 1 1 14 to 1 34 pounds600 g to 800 g carp, cleaned, 1 bunch betel leaves, Large pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 long chile, julienned, 4 spring onions, finely sliced], title: Carp Char Grilled In Betel Leaves: Ca Tram Nuong La Lop, picturelink: null}, 53835: {instructions: Pecan Syrup Preparation:nCombine maple syrup and pecans in small microwavesafe bowl. Heat in microwave on high until hot, about 25 seconds. Set pecan syrup aside and keep warm.nPancake Preparation:nIn a medium bowl, whisk pancake mix, water, pumpkin, cinnamon, and ginger until just blended do not over mix mixture should be lumpy.nSpray a heavy griddle with nonstick spray and heat griddle over medium heat. Spoon 2 tablespoons of batter onto griddle to form each pancake. Cook for 2 minutes or until bubbles appear, then turn pancakes over and cook for 2 minutes longer. Transfer pancakes to plates. Top with butter and serve with warm pecan syrup., ingredients: [1 cup mapleflavored pancake syrup, 5 tablespoons pecans, toasted and chopped, 1 cup buttermilk pancake mix, 1 cup cold water, 13 cup canned pumpkin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Nonstick vegetable cooking spray, Butter, room temperature], title: Pumpkin Spiced Pancakes, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 53836: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together 2 teaspoons chile powder, smoked paprika, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Season the chicken drumsticks and carefully loosen the skin to season the meat. Cover with plastic wrap and let marinate for at least 1 hour or overnight.nMeanwhile, add oil to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Once hot, add onion, and garlic, and saute until onion is soft and translucent. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, and tomato paste and toast for 1 minute. Add orange juice, lemon juice, ketchup, cherries, water, salt, and pepper. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. Puree with a hand blender until smooth. Reserve 1 cup sauce for grilling and hold the rest for serving.nPreheat a grill to medium heat. Oil the grill grate with olive oil to keep the chicken from sticking.nGrill chicken, turning frequently, until cooked through and skin is crisp, about 25 minutes. Brush with reserved barbecue sauce and grill 5 minutes more.nServe the chicken with fresh cherries and a side of sauce., ingredients: [3 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 chicken drumsticks about 3 14 pounds, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Juice of 2 oranges, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 cup ketchup, 1 16ounce bag frozen pitted cherries, thawed, 12 cup water, Olive oil, for greasing grates, Fresh cherries, for serving], title: Cherry BBQ Chicken Drumsticks, picturelink: kVtHQ80k9D08viPDJhjCCyKHjTFcs2}, 53837: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a tall glass or shaker, combine the strawberries, syrup and mint leaves. Mash with a muddler or a ladle. Add the lemon juice and seltzer and pour over icefilled glasses. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup chopped strawberries, 14 cup agave syrup or honey, 2 tablespoons mint leaves, 1 cup lemon juice, 2 cups seltzer, Ice], title: Strawberry Lemonade, picturelink: .KLOUPJM4e58aYqtYfd4W5ihyNPKMS}, 53838: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, crushed garlic and peppers. Season with salt and pepper. Saute until just tender, 6 or 7 minutes. Sprinkle in cheese and remove from heat. Transfer peppers to a platter. Garnish with chopped parsley. Cover with foil to keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, crushed away from skin, 2 green bell peppers, seeded and sliced lengthwise, 12inch strips, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and sliced lengthwise, 12inch strips, Salt and pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, a couple of handfuls, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Peppers and Parmesan Cheese, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 53839: {instructions: Rinse fillets and pat dry. Use 3 shallow dishes to prepare your breading ingredients. In the first dish, mix the flour with 12 teaspoon seasoned salt or Essence and 14 teaspoon pepper. Break the eggs into the second dish and beat well. In the third dish, mix the panko with the remaining seasoned salt or Essence, pepper, and dried herbs.nHeat 14inch of oil in a large heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Bread each fillet by dipping first in the flour mix, then the eggs, then the panko, coating thoroughly with each layer. Place carefully in the hot oil. Dont crowd the skillet work in batches if needed. Cook 2 to 4 minutes on each side time will depend on the thickness of the fillets. Serve immediately with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 12 pounds halibut fillets preferably Alaskan, skin removed, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons seasoned salt or Essence, divided, 1 teaspoon pepper, divided, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups panko Japanese bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons dried parsley, 1 teaspoon dried dill, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, Vegetable oil, for panfrying, Lemon wedges], title: HerbCrusted Halibut aka Mommys Fish Sticks, picturelink: null}, 53840: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the fries with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and spread in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet sprinkle with the poultry seasoning. Bake until crisp and golden, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the mustard, honey, 1 tablespoon water, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small bowl. Combine the mayonnaise, chopped pickles and brine in another small bowl.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ham steaks and brush with half of the mustard glaze. Cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip, brush with the remaining mustard glaze and continue cooking until golden brown on the other side, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and cut each piece in half brush with the remaining glaze in the skillet.nSpread the mayonnaise mixture on the buns. Sandwich with the ham, lettuce and some pickle slices. Serve with the seasoned fries and ketchup.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 1pound bag frozen crinklecut french fries about 4 cups, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped dill pickle and 1 tablespoon of the brine, plus pickle slices for topping, 2 7ounce boneless ham steaks, halved and patted dry, 8 slider buns preferably potato, split, Lettuce leaves and ketchup, for serving], title: Ham Sliders with Seasoned Fries, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 53841: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large 10inch saute pan until hot. Add the bread and cook over medium heat, tossing frequently, until the bread is evenly toasted and browned. Sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 cups 12 inch diced sourdough bread, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Croutons, picturelink: K4s0HNn5NcQuZrg6jnjHt3dPCc.rLJ.}, 53842: {instructions: Brown the beef in oil. Add the onion, garlic, and chicken broth and simmer one hour.nAfter 1 hour, add the second ingredient group, and simmer for 1 more hour.nAfter 2 total hours of cooking time, add the third ingredient group spices and cook for 45 minutes.nAfter 2 hours and 45 minutes, add the fourth ingredient group and simmer 15 more minutes., ingredients: [44 ounces beef, cut into 14inch cubes, Vegetable oil, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 5 medium garlic cloves, pressed, 1 14 12ounce can chicken broth, 2 medium whole green seeded and finely chopped chile peppers, 8 ounces beef broth, 4 ounces Mexican hotstyle tomato sauce, 4 ounces tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce, 1 14 tablespoons ground cumin, 10 14 tablespoons chili powder 8 tablespoons California and 2 14 tablespoons New Mexico, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon arbol chile powder, 12 teaspoon New Mexico chile powder, 14 teaspoon monosodium glutamate, Pinch brown sugar, Pinch jalapeno powder], title: Swick and Swick Chili, picturelink: null}, 53843: {instructions: For the vinaigrette:nWhisk together the pineapple juice, red wine vinegar, shallot and salt and pepper. Slowly incorporate the canola oil. Taste, for seasoning.nFor the salad:nIn a large salad bowl, toss together the mango, papaya, cranberries, banana chips and macadamia nuts with 1 cup of the vinaigrette. Season lightly with salt and pepper. Place the mizuna on a large serving tray and top with the mixed fruit. The salad greens hold up longer if only the fruit is tossed with the vinaigrette. However, if serving promptly, combine the greens and the fruit and toss with the vinaigrette. Drizzle the salad with the extra dressing or serve on the side., ingredients: [12 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 shallot, minced, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups canola oil, 1 mango, peeled, seeded and cut into 14inch strips, 1 papaya peeled, seeded and cut into 14inch strips, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup banana chips, 12 cup macadamia nuts, chopped, Salt and pepper, 6 cups mizuna or other leafy green, loosely packed], title: Island Fruit and Mixed Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 53844: {instructions: Combine the ingredients in a glass or stainlesssteel bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and store at room temperature overnight. Mignonette sauce will keep for months in the refrigerator., ingredients: [3 tablespoons crushed black peppercorns, 3 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 23 cup goodquality white wine vinegar], title: Mignonette Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53845: {instructions: Melt 12 stick butter with 2 tablespoons each brown sugar and granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 teaspoon banana extract and a pinch each of salt, nutmeg and cinnamon. Toss with 8 cups popcorn. Spread on a baking sheet and let cool completely. Makes 8 cups., ingredients: [], title: Bananas Foster Popcorn, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 53846: {instructions: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Add the onions, leeks, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook stirring frequently until caramelized, about 15 minutes. Add the garlic and shiitake mushrooms. Continue cooking for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the vegetable broth and bring to a simmer. Add the peas, red pepper flakes and scallions.nSeason the broth with salt and pepper, to taste, and add a dash of sherry vinegar. Cook for 1 minute. Keep warm. Season the scallops with salt and pepper, to taste. In another large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. Add the scallops and sear for 4 minutes. Flip the scallops, then squeeze in some lemon juice. Baste the scallops for 1 minute to finish cooking. Remove from heat. Spoon the caramelized onion mixture on serving plates and top each plate with 4 scallops. Serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 white onions, thinly sliced, 1 leek, whites only, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup thinly sliced shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 1 cup vegetable broth, 1 12 cups frozen peas, thawed, Pinch red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons sliced scallion greens, Dash sherry vinegar, 8 U10 dry sea scallops, 1 tablespoon butter, Squeeze fresh lemon juice], title: Sea Scallops with Caramelized Onion, picturelink: null}, 53847: {instructions: Special equipment: Spice grinder Hand blender Two cutting boards Blow torch Spice grinder Blender Food processornAPPLIANCES:nKitchenaidnNOTE: All appliances should be plugged in and stovefryergrill turned on hot, in other words, ingredients: [Garlic, Onions, Chicken stock, Flour, Eggs, Butter, Sugar, Milk, Cream, Vanilla, chili and curry powder, Salt, Pepper, Olive Oil, Canola oil, Rice short grain and long grain, Spaghetti, Wonton wrappers, Carrots, Celery, Ginger, Champagne, Beers, Whole Duck, Mussels, Chinese Eggplant, Beets, Chunk of Semi Sweet Chocolate], title: Improvising a Meal with Phillippe Chin, picturelink: null}, 53848: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the paprika, garlic power, brown sugar, dry mustard, and salt together in a small bowl. Rub the spice blend all over the pork and marinate for as long as you have time for, as little as 1 hour or up to overnight, covered, in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut the pork in a roasting pan and bake for about 6 hours. Basically, roast the pork until its falling apart and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 170 degrees F.nTo make the barbecue sauce: combine the vinegar, mustard, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic, salt, cayenne, and black pepper in a saucepan over medium heat. Simmer gently, stirring, for 10 minutes until the sugar dissolves.nRemove the pork roast from the oven and transfer to a large platter. Allow the meat to rest for about 10 minutes. While still warm, take 2 forks and pull the meat to form shreds. Using 2 forks, shred the pork by steadying the meat with 1 fork and pulling it away with the other. Put the shredded pork in a bowl. Pour 12 of the sauce on the shredded pork and mix well to coat.nTo serve, spoon the pulled pork mixture onto the bottom 12 of the hamburger bun, and top with the spicy slaw. Serve with pickle spears and the remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 5 to 7 pound pork roast, preferably shoulder or Boston butt, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup yellow or brown mustard, 12 cup ketchup, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 hamburger buns, 1 recipe Spicy Slaw, recipe follows, Pickle spears], title: OvenRoasted Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: ZwOaJkGL4HtbarYJY0LENtDn96DnHkC}, 53849: {instructions: Skewer the lamb cubes on the skewers. Stir together the yogurt, olive oil and onion juice in a glass or ceramic pan or bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add the lamb skewers, coat with the marinade and refrigerate, covered, for 4 hours. Prepare a charcoal fire and let it die down a bit or preheat a gas grill for 15 minutes on low. Set the skewers on a skewer holder over the fire and grill until golden brown and succulent, turning often, about 20 minutes. Or, lacking a skewer holder, place them on the grill and grill to perfection. Serve with or on a piece grillwarmed pita bread and the cacik on the side.nToss grated cucumber with a light sprinkling of salt. Leave for 30 minutes. Drain the cucumber, squeezing out all the liquid. Pound the garlic in a mortar with 1 teaspoon salt until completely mashed. Stir the garlic into the yogurt and beat with a fork until smooth. Stir in the cucumber, the dill, mint and olive oil and stir until the consistency of a thick soup. Refrigerate for an hour and serve cold.nRecipe courtesy Clifford Wright, ingredients: [2 pounds boneless lamb cut from the leg with its fat into 12inch cubes, 1 cup highquality fullfat plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons onion juice from 1 grated mediumsize onion, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 8 10inch metal or wooden skewers, 4 pita bread, 1 cup Cacik, recipe follows, 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeded and grated, Salt, to taste, 3 garlic cloves, mashed, 2 cups thick, highquality fullfat plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 34 teaspoon dried mint, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Shish Kebab, picturelink: null}, 53850: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with nonstick aluminum foil.n2. Grate the carrot on the small holes of a box grater into a large bowl. Add the ground turkey, breadcrumbs, parsley, paprika, eggs, scallions, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Mix with your hands until just combined.n3. Divide the mixture into 6 portions and form each into a small loaf shape on the nonstick foil. Mix the steak sauce and brown sugar in a small bowl and brush over the loaves. Bake until just cooked through, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 medium carrot, peeled, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, 2 large eggs, 2 scallions, chopped about 12 cup, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup steak sauce, such as Heinz 57], title: Mini Turkey Meatloaves, picturelink: null}, 53851: {instructions: Prepare Smoky Cilantro Pesto: Place cilantro, pine nuts, chipotle peppers, garlic, lime juice and black pepper in food processor container. Cover and process until finely chopped. Add the cheese and pulse on and off until just combined. With motor running, slowly add oil through opening in cover, processing until smooth.nSpread 14 cup pesto evenly onto beef steaks. Place steaks in glass dish. Cover andnmarinate in refrigerator 15 minutes to 2 hours. Cover and refrigerate remaining pesto.nPreheat charcoal grill to medium heat.nPlace steaks on grill over medium, ashcovered coals. Arrange 12 bread slices around steaks. Grill steaks, covered, 11 to 14 minutes for medium rare to medium doneness, turning occasionally. Grill bread slices 2 to 3 minutes or until lightly toasted, turning once. Remove bread slices from grill. Repeat with remaining 12 bread slices.nSpread 2 teaspoons remaining pesto on each toasted bread slice. Carve steaks into thin slices. Place beef slices evenly over bread slices. Top evenly with 14 cup cheese and chopped cilantro. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves, 14 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted, 2 small chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 2 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Cotija cheese, 12 cup olive oil, 2 8ounce beef shoulder center steaks, cut 1inch thick, 24 slices baguette bread, cut diagonally 12inch thick, 14 cup grated Cotija cheese, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Smoky Cilantro Pesto Beef Crostini Small Plates, Big Taste, picturelink: null}, 53852: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a Bundt cake pan using cooking spray, and then dust with flour to coat it completely, tapping out any excess flour.nSift the flour, baking powder, salt, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg into a medium bowl and set aside.nIn an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, beat the eggs, sugar and olive oil on medium speed until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Then beat in the vanilla extract. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spatula, and then mix for 30 seconds. Turn the mixer to low and beat in the zucchini and walnuts until they are completely incorporated.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top with a spatula. Bake the cake for 40 to 45 minutes. The cake is done when a tester inserted in the center comes out clean and the cake has begun to pull away from the sides of the pan.nServe with the Mandarin Orange Glaze and Walnut Olive Brittle.nIn a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the sugar and 4 tablespoons water. When the water has evaporated, the sugar will begin to caramelize. When it reaches a medium golden brown, add the mandarin orange juice. Next, whisk in the butter and heavy cream. To finish the sauce, add the mandarin orange segments.nLine a baking sheet with a nonstick baking mat or with an oiled sheet of foil.nHeat the sugar and 14 cup water in a deep, heavy saucepan over low heat. Stir slowly with a fork until melted and pale golden in color. Gently swirl the pan and stir in the walnuts and black olives. Then immediately pour the caramel onto the prepared baking sheet, tilting the sheet to spread the caramel as thin as possible. Cool the brittle completely at room temperature. Break into small pieces with a spoon., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pan, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 large eggs, 1 34 cup sugar, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 12 cups grated zucchini, 1 cup walnut pieces, chopped, Mandarin Orange Glaze, recipe follows, Walnut Olive Brittle, recipe follows, 12 cup sugar, 6 mandarin oranges, segmented, juices reserved, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons pitted and finely chopped black olives], title: Zucchini Olive Oil Cake with Mandarin Orange Glaze and Walnut Olive Brittle, picturelink: rEO1igIJP4ZuPLpXrsWVipg5hj5pnG}, 53853: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nTrim the goose. With a sharp knife, cut away excess fat and skin that hangs at both ends of the goose. Trim thoroughly. Fat can be discarded or used to render goose fat.nSalt the cavity and prick thoroughly with a fork on both sides of the bird 25 to 30 pricks. Make sure to prick through the skin and subcutaneous fat only do not prick the flesh of the goose.nPlace the goose on a rack set in a large roasting pan. Place the pan in the oven and roast the goose at 250 degrees F. After 1 hour, prick the goose thoroughly on one side and turn it over, and prick thoroughly on the other side. Continue to roast with the newly turned side up. Repeat this procedure every hour.nAfter 4 hours of roasting, prick and turn once again. Increase the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Continue roasting, pricking, and turning once for an additional 75 minutes.nWhen the goose is done, let it sit for 15 minutes before carving. Season well with salt and pepper before serving., ingredients: [1 14 pound goose, Salt and pepper to taste], title: OldFashioned Crispy Roast Goose, picturelink: null}, 53854: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts, skin side up, on a sheet pan and rub them with olive oil. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until the chicken is cooked through. Set aside until cool.nWhen the chicken is cool, remove the meat from the bones and discard the skin and bones. Cut the chicken into a 34inch dice. Place the chicken in a bowl add the mayonnaise, tarragon leaves, celery, grapes, 1 12 to 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and toss well., ingredients: [4 split 2 whole chicken breasts, bonein, skinon, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 cup smalldiced celery 2 stalks, 1 cup green grapes, cut in 12], title: Chicken Salad Veronique, picturelink: H5A4qmwn5d86xyl4yx5jfT5q4AWh.a}, 53855: {instructions: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Toss in half the garlic and the crushed red pepper and bring the pan to medium heat. Cook the garlic until it becomes golden and very aromatic, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the garlic and ditch itit has fulfilled its garlic destiny. Toss in the bread cubes and cook, stirring frequently, until they are golden, crisp, and have absorbed all the oil, like little olive oil sponges. Remove from the heat and reserve.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the Parmigiano, lemon zest and juice, the remaining garlic, the Dijon, anchovies, and Worcestershire. Puree until the mixture is smooth, 15 to 20 seconds. With the machine running, add 14 to 13 cup olive oil through the feed tube. Let the processor continue to run for another 10 to 15 seconds. Taste and season with salt if needed.nIn a large bowl, toss the kale with the croutons and twothirds of the dressing. Let the kale sit for 3 to 4 minutes to soften. Taste, add the remaining dressing, and adjust the seasoning if needed., ingredients: [Extra virgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch of crushed red pepper, 2 slices of dayold Italian bread, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup grated Parmigiano, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 to 3 anchovy fillets, 2 shakes Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt, 1 bunch of kale, tough stems removed, cut into ribbons], title: Kale Caesar Salad, picturelink: FGapI9Rz6hronXZt4hK8NNya2Fgkf6K}, 53856: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter. When butter melts into extravirgin olive oil, add garlic, onions, celery, bell peppers, thyme, bay leaf then season with salt and pepper. Cook veggies 7 to 8 minutes until tender, add in the Worcestershire, 1 to 2 tablespoons hot sauce medium to spicy heat level and the flour and cook 1 minute more then add in beer and cook it off, another 30 seconds or so. Whisk in 1 cup of stock then add tomatoes and okra, if using, and bring to a bubble. Add shrimp and cook 3 to 5 minutes, until shrimp turn pink and firm then turn off heat. Remove thyme stems and bay leaf.nBring remaining 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups stock, 1 cup milk and 2 teaspoons hot sauce, to a boil in a sauce pot. Stir in 1 cup quick cooking polenta. Stir constantly to mass the cornmeal. Once the mixture thickens to the consistency of whipped potatoes, season the grits with salt and divide among dinner plates.nServe generous ladles of shrimp and sauce on a bed of creamy grits., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 3 tablespoons butter, divided, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 ribs celery with green leafy tops, finely chopped, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 4 to 5 sprigs fresh thyme, intact, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, Salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 to 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Franks Red Hot, divided, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup beer, 13 of a bottle, 3 cups chicken stock, divided, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 cup chopped frozen okra, optional, 1 12 pounds peeled, deveined medium to large shrimp, tails removed, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup quick cooking sometimes marked instant polenta], title: Creamy Grits with Creole Shrimp, picturelink: LEmfnYLP21P6XdBkmuWw2lKUDnZqiZO}, 53857: {instructions: Insert skewers in tomatoes and lay on open flame or cut in half. Lay cut side down on baking sheet and broil. Char until skin is blackened and peeling. Remove from flame and rest on plate. Peel off charred skin. Using a fork mash tomatoes, and add salt. In a mortar smash garlic, peppers and cilantro. Mix with pureed tomatoes. Heat some of the oil in a saucepan and caramelize onion. Add heated oil caramelized onion mixture to tomatoes., ingredients: [8 to 10 plum tomatoes, washed, Salt, to taste, 4 cloves garlic, 12 jalapeno or Scotch bonnet pepper, 2 sprigs cilantroculantro, 13 cup corn oil, 1 small sliced onion], title: Tomato Choka, picturelink: null}, 53858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the tomatillos, onion and both chiles in a medium heavy saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil until the tomatillos turn an olivegreen color, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer the tomatillos, onions and chiles to a blender. Add the garlic and cilantro and blend until smooth. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nMix the Mexican crema and heavy cream together in a small bowl and season with salt. Set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the tortillas until golden but still pliable, about 10 seconds per side, using more oil if needed. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nPlace the tortillas on a work surface. Divide the shredded chicken evenly among the tortillas and roll up each like a cigar. Spread 13 cup of the sauce in a 13by9by2inch glass baking dish. Arrange the enchiladas in 1 layer, seamside down, snugly inside the dish. Pour the rest of the sauce over the enchiladas. Drizzle the cream mixture on top and sprinkle the cheese all over.nBake until the cheese is melted and starting to brown in spots, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [9 tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 14 white onion, 1 serrano chile, 1 yellow chile guerito pepper, 2 cloves garlic, 14 bunch fresh cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Mexican crema, 12 cup heavy cream, Vegetable oil, for frying, 6 corn tortillas, 1 12 cups shredded chicken, 12 cup shredded Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese], title: Enchiladas Suizas, picturelink: KlqGFMCI6CpA5dWI4a.NS47FJZnWya}, 53859: {instructions: Cut the butter in 12 inch dice and return it to the refrigerator while you prepare the flour mixture. Place the flour, sugar and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse a few times to mix. Add the butter and shortening. Pulse 8 to 12 times, until the butter is the size of peas. With the machine running, pour the ice water down the feed tube and pulse the machine until the dough begins to form a ball. Dump out onto a floured board and roll into a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Cut the dough in half. Roll each piece on a wellfloured board into a circle at least 1 inch larger than the pie pan, rolling from the center to the edge, turning and flouring the dough so it doesnt stick to the board. You should see bits of butter in the dough. Fold the dough in half, ease it into the pie pan without stretching at all and unfold to fit the pan. With a small sharp paring knife, cut the dough 1 inch larger around than the pan. Fold the edge under and crimp the edge with either your fingers or the tines of a fork. Photograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [12 cup ice water, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks very cold unsalted butter, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup very cold vegetable shortening, such as Crisco], title: Perfect Pie Crust, picturelink: WwVls9LTjUGnRhtMFL5WwU3TSTtYrbW}, 53860: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the allpurpose and wholewheat flours, the baking powder and salt. In a large bowl beat together the sugar, eggs, oil, orange zest and vanilla extract until well combined. In batches add the dry ingredients until the mixture forms a dough. Beat in the cherries, almonds and chocolate.nTransfer the dough to a floured work surface and knead several times. Shape into a log about 10 inches long and 3 inches wide. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let cool for 15 minutes. With a serrated knife, cut 12inch diagonal slices. Arrange cutside down on the baking sheet and bake for 10 minutes. Turn the cookies over and bake the biscotti until golden, 5 to 10 minutes longer. Transfer to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups wholewheat pastry flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup dried tart cherries, finely chopped, 12 cup almonds, finely chopped, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped scant 12 cup], title: Biscotti with Dried Cherries, Chocolate And Almonds, picturelink: null}, 53861: {instructions: Cook the quinoa in 1 cup boiling water in a small saucepan, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes, until all the liquid has been absorbed. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil and cook the peas until tender, about 2 minutes. Drain, submerge in ice water to cool quickly, and mash with a fork. Combine the quinoa and mashed peas with the parsley, onion, lemon juice, oil, mint, Aleppo pepper, and a big pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Toss to combine and serve.nPhotograph copyright u00a9 2015 by Michael Persico, ingredients: [12 cup quinoa, 1 cup fresh peas or thawed frozen peas, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup diced red onion, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Pinch ground Aleppo pepper, Kosher salt], title: Quinoa, Peas, and Mint Tabbouleh, picturelink: YeX4mLmuFpMTtCOHoZTF5edTZdc46XW}, 53862: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and 6 tablespoons of the sugar until pale and fluffy, and set aside.nIn a small bowl, mix the cornflour to a paste in 1 to 2 teaspoons of the milk. Put the cornflour paste, the remaining milk, and the ground almonds into a pan, and bring to a boil over a low heat. Boil for 1 to 2 minutes, take off the heat, and then gradually add the egg and sugar mixture a little at a time, whisking continuously.nReturn the mixture to a simmer and cook, whisking continuously, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until the mixture has thickened enough to coat the back of a spoon. Pour the mixture into a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Set the mixture aside to cool.nHeat a dry frying pan over low heat, and add the porridge oats, and toast, stirring regularly, for 4 to 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Set aside to cool, and then chill in the refrigerator for at least 10 minutes.nIn a food processor, blend a handful of the blackberries, the lemon juice, and the remaining sugar to a puree. Stir in the remaining blackberries until well combined.ndd 1 tablespoonful of the whipped cream to the reserved milk and almond mixture, and stir until well combined. Fold in the remaining whipped cream, the cooled porridge oats, and the whisky.nTo serve, spoon layers of the almond cream mixture into 4 or 5 serving glasses, then spoon over layers of the blackberry puree, and then sprinkle over a layer of the flaked almonds. Repeat the process to create more layers until all of the ingredients have been used up. Garnish with any remaining flaked almonds, and sprinkle with icing sugar., ingredients: [3 freerange egg yolks, 7 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cornflour, 2 cups whole milk, 4 tablespoons freshly ground almonds, 2 to 3 tablespoons rolled porridge oats oatmeal, 10 12 ounces blackberries, washed, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped until soft peaks form, 3 tablespoons single malt whisky, 2 tablespoons flaked or sliced almonds, toasted, plus more, for garnish, Icing sugar confectioners, for serving], title: Punjabi Cranachan, picturelink: null}, 53863: {instructions: In a large pot of boilingnIn a large pot of boiling salted water cook penne according to package directions. In a large bowl combine tomatoes, garlic, olive oil and vinegar. Toss together with basil. When tender, drain penne, add to bowl and toss to coat. Serve with fresh Parmesan cheese, ingredients: [12 ounces penne, 14 cup virgin olive oil, 6 tomatoes, diced, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Fresh basil, chopped, Grated Parmesan cheese], title: NoCook Tomato Sauce with Penne, picturelink: null}, 53864: {instructions: Place the egg yolks, mustard, garlic, anchovies, lemon juice, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process for 15 seconds. Combine the olive and canola oils in a glass measuring cup. With the food processor running, slowly pour the oils in a thin stream down the feed tube, as you would to make mayonnaise. Add the grated Parmesan and pulse to combine. The mixture will be thin enough to drizzle on the tomatoes.nPour a puddle of dressing in the middle of 4 dinner plates. Core the tomatoes and slice crosswise with a serrated knife about 38 inch thick. Arrange overlapping slices of tomatoes decoratively on the plates. Sprinkle with the fleur de sel and drizzle more dressing onto the tomatoes with a tablespoon. Sprinkle with the capers, basil, shaved Parmesan, and pepper. Serve at room temperature with a pitcher of extra dressing on the side., ingredients: [2 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 3 cloves, 2 anchovy fillets, drained, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, at room temperature 2 to 3 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup good olive oil, 14 cup canola oil, 12 cup freshly grated Italian Parmesan cheese, 4 to 5 large, firm, ripe red summer tomatoes, preferably heirloom, 12 teaspoon fleur de sel, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 14 cup julienned fresh basil leaves, 2ounce chunk of Italian Parmesan cheese, shaved with a vegetable peeler], title: Tomato Carpaccio, picturelink: rUMX.bKcRWcbX09NwYRw.sBEj4Yp7i}, 53865: {instructions: Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together and set aside.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment cream the butter well then add the sugar and continue creaming until light and fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time and then the vanilla.nOn the low setting, add the dry ingredients and mix just until combined. Divide the dough in half and return half the dough to the mixer. Add the warm melted chocolate and mix to combine. Shape both pieces of dough into 4 by 4inch square, and wrap them in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.nCut each square into 4 strips then place them on a sheet pan and keep chilled while you roll out the dough. Between pieces of parchment paper, roll out a piece of chocolate dough into a rectangle 6 by 7 inches have a ruler nearby. Roll a piece of vanilla dough out into a 6 by 6inch square. Peel off the top pieces of parchment from both doughs and flip the vanilla dough onto the chocolate, allowing 12inch border of chocolate dough around the top and bottom. Press the 2 doughs together lightly with a cake pan or other flat pan. Peel off the top piece of parchment and fold the 12inch of over hanging chocolate dough up and over the vanilla dough. Use the parchment to roll up the dough into a tight pinwheel. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill 4 to 5 hours roll the dough a couple times the first hour so it doesnt develop a flat side. Repeat with the remaining pieces of dough.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a sheet pan. Unwrap the roll and cut into 14inch slices. Place them 1 12 inches apart on the sheet pan and bake for 9 to 11 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 13 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted], title: Icebox Pinwheel Cookies, picturelink: null}, 53866: {instructions: Drain the ricotta overnight in a cheesecloth lined sieve. Soak the raisins in the rum. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Beat the egg yolks with the sugar until pale yellow. Add the drained ricotta, salt, and citrus zests, and blend thoroughly. Add the pine nuts and the raisins and rum, blending well. Beat the egg whites until they form stiff peaks and fold them into the cake mixture. Brush a 6inch springform pan with softened butter, coat the inner surfaces with bread crumbs, and shake out the excess. Pour the cake mixture into the prepared pan, bake 30 minutes, and cool before serving., ingredients: [1 pound ricotta cheese, 13 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 3 eggs, seperated, 12 cup sugar, 1 pinch salt, Zest of 1 lemon, 13 cup pine nuts, Softened butter and bread crumbs for the pan], title: Torta di Ricotta Ricotta Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 53867: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line one 12cup standard muffin tin with paper cupcake liners.nCream the butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Gradually add the granulated sugar and beat until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl between additions. Beat in the vanilla.nCombine the flour, baking powder, lime zest and salt in a medium bowl. Add onethird of the flour mixture to the butter mixture beat in half the milk. Repeat additions, ending with the flour. Beat until combined, taking care not to overmix.nDivide the batter between the prepared muffin tins, filling the cups twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out clean and the tops spring back when pressed gently, 18 to 22 minutes. Cool the cupcakes in the tins on a rack for 10 minutes, and then remove from the tins and cool completely.nTo assemble: Pour the Key Lime Curd into a squeeze bottle with 14inch opening. Fill the cupcakes with curd by inserting the tip into the top of each cupcake and squeezing a couple tablespoons of filling into each cupcake the cupcake will feel heavier and curd may be visible as it comes up to the top of the cupcake.nStir the Key Lime Frosting and dip the top of each cupcake into the frosting, allowing any excess to drip off.nRoll the edge of each cupcake in the graham cracker crumbs and place on a serving platter. Garnish with a slice of Key lime if desired.nWhisk together the yolks, granulated sugar, lime juice and salt in a small heavybottomed saucepan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, about 6 minutes, or until the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon and registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nRemove from the heat and strain through a fine sieve into a medium bowl. Stir in the butter, one piece at a time, stirring until combined before adding the next piece. Stir in the lime zest and cover with plastic wrap pressed directly on the surface of the curd.nChill completely, about 1 hour.n3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperaturenBeat the cream cheese and butter in a bowl with electric mixer at medium speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the sweetened condensed milk, scraping down the sides of the bowl to combine well. Beat in the lime juice and vanilla. On low speed, gradually add the confectioners sugar and beat until well combined. Chill 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup milk, Key Lime Curd, recipe follows, Key Lime Frosting, recipe follows, 12 cup graham cracker crumbs, Key Lime slices, for garnish, optional, 5 large egg yolks, Pinch fine salt, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 12 teaspoon grated lime zest, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup freshly squeezed or bottled Key lime juice, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed or bottled Key lime juice, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup confectioners sugar], title: Key Lime Pie Cupcakes, picturelink: RPLiWGhGfFraRt4GZSyg97lzBChTIO}, 53868: {instructions: Cut potato slices with a 1 to 1 12inch circle cutter and soak in water to remove starch. Place on a rack placed over a shallow pan of water. Steam to al dente and set aside to cool. Using a melon baller ball scoop scoop out a recess in each disk.nCook bacon and remove to paper towels to drain. Pour most of the bacon fat from the pan and add butter over medium heat. Add cabbage and season with black pepper. Cook until it begins to soften, about 10 minutes. Stir in corned beef, and crumble in bacon. Cook together for about 10 minutes to allow flavors to integrate, remove from heat and stir in horseradish.nCombine the milk, onion, bay leaf, cloves, and nutmeg over medium heat. Spoon the melted butter into a separate heat resistant bowl and whisk in the cornstarch, then whisk in 14 cup of the Parmesan, reserving the rest. When the milk is fairly hot, pour a small amount of it into the cheese mixture, stirring until the milk is thoroughly blended in. Return this to the remaining milk, and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove saucepan from heat, season sauce to taste, with white pepper, and salt if needed. Remove and discard bay leaf and cloves. Immediately put a sheet of plastic wrap on top of the sauce to prevent a skin from forming.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nStir enough of the sauce and reserved Parmesan into the corned beefcabbage mixture to bind into a thick mixture. Spoon the mixture onto prepared potato disks, sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and place on a baking sheet. Flash finish in oven until lightly browned, about 5 minutes monitor to make sure they dont burn. Sprinkle with chives and serve., ingredients: [12 large red bliss potatoes peeled and cut into 1inch thick slices, 12 pound smoked bacon, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 head napa cabbage, cut chiffonade, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound corned beef, finely diced, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 cup milk, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 3 whole cloves, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, optional, 2 tablespoons unsalted melted butter, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup grated Parmesan 14 cup for sauce plus 18 to 14 cup to bind filling and sprinkle on finished appetizers, White pepper, Salt, if needed, Special equipment: 1inch circle cutter], title: Corned Beef and Cabbage on Potato, picturelink: null}, 53869: {instructions: For the crust: Crush or grind the graham crackers. Add the melted butter to the crackers. Once mixed, press the mixture into a 9inch pie pan with back of a spoon. Make sure the crust is even throughout. Place the crust in the refrigerator.nFor the filling: Bring the milk, flour, sugar substitute, salt and beaten eggs to a boil on low to medium heat, stirring occasionally. Once the mixture starts boiling, remove from the heat the consistency should be thick. Add the coconut and the vanilla and blend together. Then pour in the chilled pie crust. Place the pie in the refrigerator, 10 to 20 minutes.nFor the topping: Whip the cream until the consistency is thick. Add the coconut and sugar substitute. Put the mixture over the chilled filling and then sprinkle extra coconut on top Chill for at least 2 hours., ingredients: [1 box glutenfree graham crackers, 5 tablespoons organic butter, melted, 2 cups organic fatfree milk, such as Horizon, 2 tablespoons whole wheat flour, 2 tablespoons sugar substitute, such as Truvia, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 beaten organic eggs, such as Cage Free, 2 cups shredded organic coconut, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy organic whipping cream, 12 cup shredded organic coconut, 2 tablespoons sugar substitute, such as Truvia], title: Cut the Calories Coconut Cream Pie, picturelink: 3BVl3pULCRU.sxKGpCTqN0bkhNM9ci}, 53870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the whole smaller potatoes and halved larger potatoes in a pot, cover with water and bring to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water and cook until the potatoes are tender.nDrain the potatoes and return them to the hot pot on the stove. Add the butter, and when it begins to melt, sprinkle in the paprika and the parsley. Toss to coat the potatoes with the butter mixture and transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [2 to 2 12 pounds small red skinned potatoes, Salt, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika or smoked sweet paprika, 12 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Paprika Parsley Potatoes, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 53871: {instructions: Cook 1 ounce diced salami and 4 minced garlic cloves in a skillet with 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat, 1 minute. Drain a 28ounce can plum tomatoes reserve the juice crush into the skillet and cook 5 minutes. Add the tomato juice, 6 basil leaves and a pinch each of sugar, salt and pepper cook 5 minutes. Stir in 34 cup water and simmer until thick. Toss with 12 ounces cooked fusilli. Top with grated parmesan and basil.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Chunky Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53872: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix fennel, shallots, coriander and vinegar. Spoon on top of oysters. Put one dash of hot pepper sauce on each oyster. Place on plate of ice and fennel sprigs and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 oysters Belons or Kumamotos, 12 cup finely diced fennel save the sprigs for garnish, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 teaspoon toasted and coarsely ground coriander, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 dashes hot pepper sauce, Plate of crushed ice or rock salt], title: Oysters on the Half Shell with FennelCoriander Mignonette, picturelink: null}, 53873: {instructions: Whisk the mayonnaise, honey Dijon mustard, yellow mustard and lemon juice together., ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Homemade Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53874: {instructions: Decoratively arrange the cheeses, meats, olives and fruits on a large platter. Drizzle with olive oil andor honey. Sprinkle with the red pepper flakes, if desired. Place the breadsticks in a glass pointing upwards for serving. Bon appetito, ingredients: [8 ounces bocconcini, 8 ounces fontina cheese, cubed, 8 ounces grana padano cheese, cubed, 8 ounces hard pecorino cheese, 8 ounces taleggio cheese, 8 ounces thinly sliced bresaola, 8 ounces thinly sliced coppa, 8 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, 8 ounces thinly sliced speck, 2 cups nice olives, 2 cups fresh figs, sliced in half, Seasonal fruit, such as grapes, peaches and apricots, Extravirgin olive oil, Honey, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Breadsticks], title: Grande Spuntino, picturelink: null}, 53875: {instructions: Place the olive oil in a heavybottomed soup pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and saute until lightly browned. Add the anchovy, capers, and oregano and saute for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, chicken stock, mussels, saffron, and red pepper flakes. Cover the pot and cook for 8 minutes.nWhile the mussels are cooking, cook the pasta in a large pot of salted water. When the mussels are cooked, remove them from the pot with a slotted spoon. Discard any unopened ones and remove the rest from their shells. Discard shells and any unopened mussels. Strain the cooking liquid through a double thickness of cheesecloth to remove any sand and impurities. Return liquid to the clean pot.nDrain the pasta, placing the shelled mussels back into the soup with the pasta, adjust the seasoning, allow to simmer for 3 to 4 minutes and serve. Dont forget to provide plenty of crusty bread to mop up, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 anchovy fillet, chopped very fine, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and chopped, 14 teaspoon fresh oregano, leaves only, 34 pound tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 pounds cultivated mussels, washed very well, Pinch of saffron, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 10 ounces cavatelli, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Zuppetta di Cozze, picturelink: null}, 53876: {instructions: For the chicken:nCoat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Season both sides of chicken with salt, black pepper and cumin. Add chicken to hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, until cooked through.nIn a small bowl, whisk together yogurt, honey and mint.nFor the salad:nCook bacon in a large skillet or in the microwave until crisp. Break into small pieces and transfer to a large bowl. Add apples and parsley and toss to combine.nIn a small bowl, whisk together vinegar, oil and mustard. Add mixture to apples and toss to coat. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nServe 4 of the chicken breast halves with all of the dressing, couscous and salad. Reserve remaining chicken for pizza, if desired., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped mint leaves, 1 cup couscous, cooked according to package directions, 4 strips bacon, 2 to 3 Granny Smith apples, cored and diced, 13 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Chicken with HoneyMint Dressing with Green AppleParsley Salad with Bacon, picturelink: null}, 53877: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove backbone of chicken with poultry shears flatten chicken out by pressing firmly on skin part of chicken so it will sit evenly in a pan.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine all the dry spices and rub chicken with spice mixture, especially under the skin. Put into a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn a large mixing bowl combine all the ingredients for the marinade, then add chicken to marinade and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nRemove chicken from marinade and shake off excess marinade. In a large saute pan over medium to high heat, add 4 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil. When oil is hot, place chicken skin side down and sear.nWhen skin is golden brown flip chicken and add 12 cup of marinade into pan place pan in oven and cook the chicken for 25 minutes or until chicken has internal temperature of 165 degrees F. on an instantread thermometer.nRemove the chicken from oven and brush with Mojito Glaze. Place chicken under broiler for 5 minutes. Remove from broiler, cut and serve immediately with more glaze on the side.nCombine all ingredients in mixing bowl.nIn medium sauce pot, place rum, chicken broth and brown sugar. Reduce by 13 over high heat. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together water and cornstarch. When rum mixture is reduced, add cornstarch mixture slowly to simmering liquid and whisk for 3 minutes, until 50 percent thicker. Keep in mind that you might not need all of it. When glaze is at desired thickness, add mint leaves and transfer to small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3pound chicken, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, Marinade, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Mojito Glaze, recipe follows, 1 cup orange juice, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sliced garlic, 14 cup dark rum, 12 cup dark rum, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 3 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup chopped mint leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mojito Chicken, picturelink: 5oWKP28sBcdcnH5L3teedVsVFez7Lke}, 53878: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the potatoes then the beans in the water, cooking each until just tender. Drain the potatoes and slip off the skins. Drain the beans and refresh them in ice water.nRefill the pot with salted water. Cook the pasta sheets 1 at a time, just until tender. Drain each sheet and lay on clean towels. Cover with additional towels to keep warm.nCoat the bottom of a 9 by 13inch serving dish with a thin layer of pesto. Cover the pesto with a 13 of the warm lasagne noodles. Spread pesto over the pasta. Break the potatoes up into bitesize pieces and put half of them and half the beans on top. Arrange another layer of pasta over the beans and potaotes, cover with pesto, another layer of beans and potatoes then a final layer of pasta. Cover the lasagne with ParmigianoReggiano, cut and serve.nPlace the basil leaves, garlic, and pine nuts in a mortar or food processor. Grind or pulse until the leaves are finely chopped. Gradually incorporate the Parmigiano Reggiano, ricotta and yoghurt. Then, work in the oil, adding it in a steady stream. Season the pesto to taste with salt and pepper.nMix the flour with the salt and mound them on a clean work surface. Create a well in the center of the flour mound. Add the eggs and 1 tablespoon of olive oil to the well. Lightly beat the eggs with the oil. Using the fingers of one hand, begin incorporating the dry ingredients into the wet, drawing flour into the well in a circular motion. Use the other hand to protect the outer wall. Work the flour mixture into the egg mixture until the dough forms a ball if the dough doesnt come together add a drop or two of water. Knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Brush the surface with the remaining olive oil , wrap the dough in plastic wrap and set aside to rest for about 30 minutes.nCut the ball of dough in half. Wrap and reserve the piece you are not immediately using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with a little flour. Form the dough into a rectangle and roll it though a pasta machine, 2 or 3 times, at the widest setting. Pull and stretch the sheet of dough with the palm of your hand as it emerges from the rollers. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again, 2 or 3 times. Continue tightening until the machine is at the narrowest setting: the dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick. Make 4 pieces, about 20inches long and 6inches wide. Lay the lasagne sheets out on a clean dry surface and allow them to dry slightly about 10 minutes before using., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 pound fresh green beans, ends removed, 12 pound new potatoes, scrubbed, Fresh lasagne noodles, recipe follows, or 12 pound dried lasagne sheets, Fresh Pesto sauce, recipe follows, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, for serving, 4 bunches fresh basil, leaves picked, 4 cloves garlic, lightly crushed, 1 cup pine nuts, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon yogurt, 4 tablespoons extravirgin oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Pinch salt, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Lasagne Al Pesto, picturelink: nBtXSYdC2hErFSaC.28VH2AlqtOWvF6}, 53879: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a heavy casserole. Add peanut oil. Saute red onion until translucent. Sprinkle in brown sugar and cook for a few minutes until it starts to caramelize.nAdd sliced apples and deglaze with the red wine vinegar. Bring to a boil. Add red wine and orange juice, cinnamon stick, ginger powder and salt and pepper. Simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd red cabbage and continue to cook for about 10 minutes on top of the stove.nCover cabbage with foil and cook in 350 degrees F. oven for about 45 minutes. Remove. Taste, and adjust seasoning, if necessary., ingredients: [14 cup peanut oil, 1 medium red onion, sliced, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 Granny Smith apples, sliced, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups orange juice, 1 cinnamon stick, 3 teaspoons ginger powder, Salt and pepper, 4 pounds red cabbage, cut into julienne, A few gold leaves for decoration optional  available at specialty stores], title: Braised Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 53880: {instructions: Using an electric mixer, beat the butter, sugar, vanilla, fennel seed, and salt in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg. Add the flour and mix just until blended.nTransfer the dough to a sheet of plastic wrap. Shape the dough into an 8inchlong log. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line heavy large baking sheets with a silpat or parchment paper. Cut the dough log crosswise into 18 to 14inch thick slices. Transfer the cookies to the prepared baking sheets, spacing evenly apart. Press the pine nuts decoratively atop the cookies. Bake until the cookies are golden around the edges, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seed, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup pine nuts], title: Pine Nut Cookies, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 53881: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine all the ingredients and toss gently to combine., ingredients: [2 firmripe avocados, diced 1 12 cups, 13 cup chopped red onion, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt], title: Chunky Guacamole, picturelink: sIgloUwPr3kjtrkBsUqCYjXptD82u5K}, 53882: {instructions: In bowl combine sugar and butter. In microwave melt chocolate. Slowly add chocolate and coffee to butter mixture. Stir to combine. Spread onto cooled brownies., ingredients: [1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 square of unsweetened chocolate, 12 tablespoons softened butter, 4 tablespoons coffee], title: Mocha Fudge Brownies Frosting, picturelink: null}, 53883: {instructions: In a strainer rinse the quinoa under running water and drain. Combine the quinoa and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer until all the of the water is absorbed. In a large bowl combine the remaining ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Stir in the quinoa and mix well. Serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup quinoa, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons raisins, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 1 orange, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 cup chopped cooked chicken optional, Salt and pepper], title: Quinoa Salad, picturelink: null}, 53884: {instructions: Shell the cardamom: Gently crack open the green and black cardamom pods with a mortar and pestle or crush them on a cutting board using a heavy pan. Remove the seeds and discard the husks.nGrind the spices: Finely grind the cardamom seeds, cinnamon sticks and cloves in a spice or coffee grinder. Store in an airtight container away from direct sunlight for up to 1 year.nPhotograph by Coral Von Zumwalt, ingredients: [14 cup green cardamom pods, 4 black cardamom pods, 3 large cinnamon sticks, preferably Ceylon, broken into pieces, 2 tablespoons whole cloves], title: Garam Masala, picturelink: 9cF78KEAn5kIZklqI4O0tpyTBWFn.o2}, 53885: {instructions: Preheat grill to high heat.nRub olive oil over each steak and season with salt and pepper. Transfer steaks to grill and cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side for rare. Place in the refrigerator to make the slicing easier.nServe with OvenRoasted Peppers.nOver a gas flame, or under the broiler, roast peppers until the skin blisters and turns black, turning with tongs so they get evenly charred. Place the peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic for 15 to 20 minutes. Uncover, peel off the blackened skin, remove the core, and discard the seeds and ribs. Cut the peppers into thin strips and place in a clean bowl. Add the fresh herbs, shallots, garlic, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar and toss to combine., ingredients: [Four 6 to 8ounce yellowfin tuna steaks, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, OvenRoasted Peppers, recipe follows, 2 green bell peppers, 2 red bell peppers, 2 yellow bell peppers, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 clove garlic, minced, 23 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: Grilled Yellowfin Tuna with OvenRoasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 53886: {instructions: For the Box: Start by drizzling both white and dark chocolate onto a sheet of acetate paper. Next, dip your clean, dry fingers in the bowl of dark chocolate and use them to spread the chocolate over the drizzles, creating a marbled effect. Dipping your fingers in chocolate coats them and makes it easier to create the marble pattern. You can use a plastic glove if you prefer. When the sheet is marbleized, add a ladleful of dark chocolate to the sheet and, using an offset spatula, spread it to create a 14inch layer. Be sure to spread it all the way to the edges. Lift the chocolatecovered paper by its corners and move it to a clean space on your work surface. Let the chocolate set slightly, 4 to 5 minutes, until firm but not hard. Using the tip of a sharp paring knife or XActo knife, cut 1 bottom piece and 2 side pieces. A box of any size can be made using this method, however, if you make a 5 12by8 12inch base, cut 2 strips that are 1 12by8 12 inches long. Repeat the process a second time to create the top and 2 strips for the shorter sides that are 1 12by5inches long. Remove the acetate from each piece of chocolate. The shiny side should face up or toward the outside. Place the base on the work surface in front of you. Use chocolate to glue the sides of the box in place. Allow the chocolate to set then fill the box with bonbons. Set the top of the box in place. For the Chocolate Ribbon: Mix the cocoa butter and the powdered food coloring together to make chocolate paints. Place a sheet of acetate lengthwise on the work surface in front of you. Using a paintbrush, cover the surface with a thin layer of your choice of paints. When the paint has set, use an offset spatula to spread some white chocolate over the color to create a very thin layer, about 116inch. Use the back of a paring knife to score the chocolate in lengthwise strips that are approximately 2inches wide. Score across the middle of the sheet horizontally. When the chocolate begins to set, fold each short side of the sheet to the center so that the ends meet but do not overlap. Tape this closed and allow the chocolate to set completely. When set, untape and remove acetate. Break the strips along the scored lines. Assemble the ribbon using chocolate to glue the pieces in place on top of the box.nChocolate is tempered so that after it has been melted, it retains its gloss and hardens again without becoming chalky and white that happens when the molecules of fat separate and form on top of the chocolate. There are a variety of ways to temper.nOne of the easiest ways to temper chocolate is to chop it into small pieces and then place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until most of the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The temperature of dark chocolate should be between 88 and 90 degrees F, slightly warmer than your bottom lip. It will retain its shape even when mostly melted. White and milk chocolates melt at a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less because of the amount of lactose they contain. Any remaining lumps will melt in the chocolates residual heat. Use an immersion blender or whisk to break up the lumps. Usually, chocolate begins to set, or crystallize, along the side of the bowl. As it sets, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate to temper it. A glass bowl retains heat well and keeps the chocolate tempered longer.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, add small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate, but is usually 14 of the total amount. It is easiest to use an immersion blender for this, or a whisk.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured onto a marble or another cold work surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until its temperature is approximately 81 degrees F. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is worked further on the cold surface until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method of checking tempering, is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been correctly tempered, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within a few minutes.nFrom Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make at Home, by Jacques Torres., ingredients: [16 ounces white chocolate, tempered, 32 ounces dark chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, as needed, Powdered food colors, as needed], title: Marbled Chocolate Box Decorated with Chocolate Ribbon, picturelink: null}, 53887: {instructions: Place the steaks in a single layer in a large glass or ceramic baking dish. Whisk the remaining ingredients together in a bowl and pour over the steaks, making sure both sides are coated. Cover loosely and refrigerate for 12, or preferably 24 hours, turning every 2 or 3 hours.n1 1 2 hours before serving, make the sauce: combine the tomatoes, vinegar, cilantro, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a blender. Blend for 1 minute, or until smooth and emulsified. Transfer to a glass or ceramic bowl, add the onion and green pepper, cover with plastic wrap, and let sit at room temperature.nHalf an hour before serving, remove the steaks from the refrigerator and allow them to come to room temperature.nWhen ready to serve, preheat a grill or griddle pan to high heat. Shake the steaks dry and grill them for 6 to 8 minutes on each side, or until done to your liking. Let the steaks rest, loosely covered with foil, for 5 to 7 minutes. Carve the meat across the grain into 1 inch slices and serve with white rice and Molho Campanha., ingredients: [4 1 12 inch thick shell, sirloin, or ribeye steaks, 34 cup fresh lime juice, 13 cup dry red wine, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons oregano, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, Hot cooked white rice, for serving, 3 ripe but firm plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 12 small bunch cilantro, leaves, only, finely chopped, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 12 green bell pepper, cored, seeded, and finely chopped], title: Steak and Salsa, picturelink: null}, 53888: {instructions: Remove skin from shrimp, leave tails attached. Butterfly shrimp 12 way, dust with flour. Mix flour, egg, beer, salt, pepper and sugar creating a batter. Dip shrimp into batter without dipping the tails, then dip into coconut. Refrigerate for 15 minutes minimum. Heat oil to 325 degrees F. Deep fry shrimp., ingredients: [5 large shrimp, 3 tablespoons flour, 12 egg, 3 tablespoons beer, Salt and pepper, Sugar, 12 cup shredded coconut, 1 cup frying oil], title: Coconut Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 53889: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the chicken, panko, egg, green onions, chopped cilantro, garlic, chili sauce, and salt. With oiled hands, form mixture into 4 patties. In a small bowl, mix together the teriyaki glaze and honey.nHeat oil in a large nonstick frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken patties and cook on both sides, brushing each side with the teriyakihoney mixture, about 10 minutes, or until fully cooked through. Place burgers on toasted buns and top with lettuce, cucumber, and Ginger Mayonnaise. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and cucumber slices.nIn a small bowl, mix together all ingredients. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground chicken, 23 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, plus extra for garnish, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon Asian hot chili sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup bottled teriyaki glaze, 4 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus extra for hands, 4 sesame buns, split and toasted, 4 leaves red lettuce, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded, halved, and thinly sliced lengthwise, Ginger Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons sweet pickle relish, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Pacific Rim Chicken Burgers with Ginger Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 53890: {instructions: Make the Salad: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a roasting pan, combine the potatoes, 3 tablespoons of the olive oil, rosemary, salt, pepper, cumin and ginger. Stir to combine and bake until the potatoes are forktender and golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pumpkin seeds and cook, stirring, until toasted. Transfer the seeds to a plate and season with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, combine the cranberries, scallions, and red pepper and set aside.nMake the Dressing: Prepare the dressing by combining all the ingredients except for the olive oil in a small saucepan and heat. Remove from heat and whisk in the olive oil.nAssemble salad by gently tossing the roasted potatoes with the red pepper mixture. Add enough of the dressing to coat and garnish with toasted pumpkin seeds. Serve with extra dressing on the side., ingredients: [4 mediumsized sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more as needed, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more as needed, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 cup raw green pumpkin seeds also known as pepitas, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup chopped scallions green and white, 1 cup julienned roasted red pepper, 6 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 13 cup mango chutney, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup olive oil], title: Roasted Sweet Potato Salad with Warm Chutney Dressing, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 53891: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pretzel rods: Place four 10ounce glasses in the freezer and line a baking sheet with wax paper. In a short, very narrow glass or tumbler, stir together the chocolate and vegetable oil. Dip the pretzel rods in the chocolate, tilting the glass and twirling the rods to coat. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle with cayenne. Place in the refrigerator until set, at least 20 minutes.nFor the caramel sauce: Melt the brown sugar and butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, whisking until the sugar melts. Add the halfandhalf and vanilla and bring to a boil cool until thickened, 3 minutes. Season with some salt and let cool.nFor the milkshakes: In the bowl of a blender, combine the ice cream, bourbon, vanilla and a sprinkle of Maldon salt. Blend until smooth and frothy, adding milk if necessary to thin. Pour into the chilled glasses.nDrizzle each milkshake with the caramel sauce, sprinkle with some Maldon, and garnish with a pretzel rod. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 ounces Mexican chocolate, melted and cooled to a thick but pourable consistency, 12 teaspoon vegetable oil, 4 pretzel rods, Cayenne pepper, for sprinkling optional, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup half and half, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Salt, 2 quarts vanilla ice cream, 1 cup bourbon, whiskey, vanilla vodka or rum, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Maldon salt, Milk, as necessary], title: VanillaBourbon Milkshakes with Spicy ChocolateDipped Pretzel Rods, picturelink: 3wJzYwKq7mEkKvw22mdMkKIcJ3pvbIi}, 53892: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a regularsize cupcake pan with 18 cupcake liners.nSift together flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, add the sifted dry ingredients and mix on low speed for 30 seconds. Slowly add oil to the mixture until fine crumbs are formed. Add the eggs, milk, and coconut extract and mix on low speed for 1 minute. Stop and scrape the bowl and paddle, and then mix on medium speed for 2 minutes.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until baked through, about 20 minutes. Do not open the oven during this time. Cool the cupcakes completely after baking.nTo assemble, core each cupcake with an apple corer to create a pocket for the filling. Put the Chocolate Ganache Filling into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Fill each cupcake with the filling. Put the Caramel Buttercream Frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Pipe the frosting on top of the cupcakes in a circular motion until completely covered. Once frosted, dip the cupcakes in a bowl of the toasted coconut and serve.nMelt the ingredients in a saucepan over low heat. Stir the mixture constantly until melted and smooth. Be careful not to burn. Remove from the heat to cool completely.nStir 1 cup butter, heavy cream, brown sugar, white sugar, and vanilla together in a microwavesafe dish. Microwave at 1 to 2 minute intervals, stirring between intervals. The caramel will be thick and bubbly when done. The caramel must sit and cool completely in order to incorporate into the buttercream.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the remaining 1 pound butter until creamed. Add the powdered sugar and 14 cup cooled caramel and mix until the ingredients are evenly incorporated and the frosting is smooth and creamy., ingredients: [2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 cups white sugar, 12 cup canola oil, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, Chocolate Ganache Filling, recipe follows, Caramel Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, 3 ounces shredded coconut, for garnish, 1 cup semisweet dark chocolate, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 1 cup plus 1 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup white sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 6 cups powdered sugar], title: Coconut Cupcakes with Chocolate Ganache Filling, Topped with Caramel Buttercream Frosting and Toasted Coconut, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 53893: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the meat in a mixing bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Trim the crusts off the bread and place in a small bowl, cover with milk and soak to soften. Squeeze the milk from the bread and crumble as you add it to the meat. Then add the eggs, cheese, parsley, grated onion and garlic, and mix to combine. Form into a loaf about 4 inches high and put on the baking sheet. Spray with olive oil.nMix the ketchup with the balsamic drizzle and Worcestershire. Season with pepper. Spread about 13 cup of the ketchup mixture over the top of the meatloaf. Bake until cooked through, about 1 hour.nTo reheat, slice the meatloaf 1 12 inches thick and put in a pot of warmed chicken stock. Serve the meatloaf hot or cold on thicksliced Italian white bread with the remaining ketchup mixture and the lettuce, tomato, onions, mozzarella and basil., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, pork and veal a meatloaf mix, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, Three 1inch slices goodquality stale white bread, Milk, for soaking bread, 2 eggs, A couple handfuls grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup grated onion, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons storebought balsamic drizzle or reduce 14 cup vinegar and 1 tablespoon brown sugar in a small pot to about 2 tablespoons of drizzle, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Chicken stock, for warming, ItalianAmerican crusty white bread, for serving, Toppings: lettuce, tomato, red onion, thinly sliced fresh mozzarella and torn fresh basil leaves], title: Italian Meatball Meatloaf Sandwiches, picturelink: CZFP2g48emQAnorexZCVun9ztdm2P2e}, 53894: {instructions: Mix the breadcrumbs, cheese, olive oil, parsley, garlic, the juice from 1 12 lemons and the salt and pepper in a large bowl until thoroughly combined. The mixture should be slightly moist. If it appears very dry, add a small amount of additional lemon juice.nCut off the stem of each artichoke, and then trim the tips of the leaves with kitchen shears. Open the leaves with your fingertips and rinse with cold water, holding the leaves open. Working with one at a time, place each artichoke in the center of the bowl of breadcrumb mixture and stuff the mixture into the leaves, holding the leaves open. You may have leftover stuffing, depending on the size of the artichokes. Sprinkle the tops of the artichokes with the juice from the remaining lemon half. Place a lemon slice on top of each artichoke.nWrap each artichoke in foil and place in a large pot with 3 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Cover and simmer until the leaves are tender, about 2 hours, depending on the size of the artichokes. You may need to add more water if the water level gets too low., ingredients: [4 cups plain breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated ParmesanRomano cheese blend, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 lemons, plus 4 lemon slices, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 4 large artichokes], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 53895: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThoroughly grease a 9inchby13inch baking dish with softened butter.nAdd the 4 tablespoons butter to a medium pot over medium heat. When the butter is melted, stir in the white mini marshmallows and heat until theyre totally melted. Stir in the salt. Remove from the heat and pour in the cereal, folding gently until it is all combined. Then gently fold in the rainbow mini marshmallows. Press into the prepared baking dish. Let cool completely.nMelt the bark according to the package directions. Cut the treats into 12 pieces. Dip half of each piece into the white chocolate and place onto wax paper. Let set and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons salted butter, plus more softened butter, for greasing the baking dish, One 10ounce bag white mini marshmallows, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 cups fruitflavored cereal rings, such as Froot Loops, One 10ounce bag rainbow mini marshmallows, One 24ounce package white almond bark], title: Mikes Crispy Treats, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 53896: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and remove the top rack of the oven.nRinse the bird thoroughly inside and out with cold water, and pat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the cavity and skin liberally with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with stuffing and, if required, truss the legs. Cover the turkey with olive oil and season well with salt and pepper. Push the sage butter under the skin of the turkey, being careful not to puncture the skin.nPut the turkey on a rack in a large roasting pan, and into the oven. Continue cooking until an instantread thermometer inserted into the meaty part of the thigh registers 170 degrees F. The thigh juices will run clear when pricked with a knife, about 3 hours total 15 minutes per pound. If the legs or breast brown too quickly during roasting, cover them with foil.nCombine all ingredients.nMelt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, for about 10 minutes, or until soft and caramelized. Add sage and scrape into a large mixing bowl. Add the cornbread pieces, season well with salt and pepper, and give it a good toss until its well combined. In a separate bowl, whisk together the egg, cream, and stock, and pour that over the cornbread. Stir the stuffing together and stuff the cavity of the turkey. You could also spoon it into a buttered baking dish and put it in the oven along with the turkey. Bake until hot and crusty on top, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [One 12 to 14pound fresh turkey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Caramelized Onion and Cornbread Stuffing, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, Sage Butter, recipe follows, 2 sticks butter, softened, 14 cup chopped sage, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 onions, chopped, Handful fresh sage leaves, chopped, 6 large cornmeal muffins, cubed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup chicken stock], title: Oven Roasted Turkey with Sage Butter, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 53897: {instructions: Make the cake: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter four 9inchround pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper. Combine the granulated sugar and vegetable oil in a large bowl and beat with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until thick and creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then add the vanilla and beat on high speed until the batter is light and fluffy, about 2 minutes.nSift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. With the mixer on low speed, beat the flour mixture into the sugar mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, until the batter is smooth, about 2 minutes. Tint with gel food coloring see below.nDivide the batter among the prepared pans and bake, 2 pans at a time, until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Let cool 15 minutes in the pans, then invert onto racks to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the confectioners sugar until smooth. Add the vanilla, increase the mixer speed to medium high and beat until thick, 2 more minutes. Beat in the milk, a little at a time, until the frosting is spreadable.nAssemble the cake: Spread about 1 12 cups frosting between the cake layers, then cover the outside of the cake with the remaining frosting and coat with toppings see below.nHow to Color the Batter:nUse gel food coloring for cakes: You dont need to add as much, and the colors are brighter.nSolid: Tint the batter 1 color divide among 4 pans.nStriped: Divide the batter between 2 bowls tint each one a different color. Divide each color between 2 pans.nOmbre: Divide the batter among 4 bowls tint in varying shades of the same color. Pour into 4 pans.nRainbow: Divide the batter among 4 bowls tint each one a different color. Pour into 4 pans.nThe Toppings:nMini Marshmallows: Youll need about one 10 12ounce bag. For a multicolored look, use fruitflavored mini marshmallows.nChocolate Rocks: Youll need about 3 cups. Find them at specialty candy stores, or order online.nOmbre Coconut: Divide one 7ounce bag coconut among 3 resealable plastic bags. Add an increasing number of drops of the same food coloring to each bag and shake.nNonpareils: Use rainbow or singlecolor nonpareils youll need about 34 cup. Set your cake on a cake plate in the sink or on a large rimmed baking sheet to catch loose nonpareils.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for the pans, 2 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 4 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups buttermilk, Gel food coloring, 8 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, Pinch of salt, 10 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 6 to 8 tablespoons milk, Assorted toppings see below instructions], title: FourLayer Birthday Cake, picturelink: 9vX73n0GD4UOM8uKVCweuHT1uCIfesO}, 53898: {instructions: Set the red pepper over a gas burner on high and rotate with tongs until blackened on all sides, about 5 minutes. Transfer the pepper to a bowl, cover with a dish towel, and set aside to steam for a couple of minutes. Rub the pepper with paper towels to remove the skinu00bfdont worry if bits of skin remain theyll lend some charred flavor. Stem and seed the pepper, and then roughly chop. If using a jarred pepper, simply stem, seed and chop.nIn a food processor, combine the chickpeas, tahini, basil, garlic, lemon juice and chili powder. Process until combined. With the motor running, drizzle in oil and then slowly add water about 14 cup until the desired consistency is reached bear in mind that the hummus will thicken in the refrigerator. Season with salt and pepper, and chill before serving to let the flavors meld.nGarnish the hummus with a basil sprig, and drizzle with olive oil. Serve with pita chips and crudites., ingredients: [1 red bell pepper or 1 roasted red pepper from jar, One 15ounce can chickpeas, 3 tablespoons tahini, 4 basil leaves, plus for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, Juice of 1 lemon, Pinch chili powder, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil or the oil from the roasted red pepper jar, plus for garnish, Salt and pepper, Pita chips and crudites, for serving], title: Roasted Red Pepper Hummus, picturelink: null}, 53899: {instructions: To make the sauce: Heat olive oil in a large nonreactive saucepan over high heat. Add the garlic clove, bay leaf, peppers, tomatoes, and water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and simmer until the peppers are tender, about 25 minutes. Add the oregano halfway through cooking. Transfer the mixture to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Season the puree with salt and pepper and return it to the pan to keep warm. You should have about 112 cups. The sauce can be covered and refrigerated for 1 to 2 days.nTo make the stuffing: Drop the garlic, oregano, olives, and 1 tablespoon of the olive oil into a food processor and process until very finely chopped. Season with salt and pepper, pulse again, and scrape into a small bowl. The stuffing mixture can be made ahead to this point and refrigerated for several days.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the inside of the thighs with salt and pepper. Put about 1 12 teaspoons of the olive paste inside each thigh. Tie closed with kitchen string and season with salt and pepper. Season the chicken legs with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Lower the heat to medium, add the chicken thighs and legs skin side down and saute until lightly brown all over. Put the skillet in the oven until the chicken is opaque throughout, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a plate and keep warm.nPour off the fat from the pan, add the water, place over medium heat, and stir and scrape up all the browned bits from the bottom and sides of the pan. Simmer until slightly reduced. Add 1 cup of the sauce and reheat gently. Add any juices from around the chicken.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 12 minutes. Drain and return to the pasta pot. Add the remaining sauce and toss well to coat.nDivide the fettuccine among 4 plates. Slice the thighs and arrange slices and 1 leg next to the fettuccine. Sprinkle with parsley and grated Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, peeled, whole, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 cup diced red bell peppers, about 1 large pepper, 34inch dice, 1 cup vine ripened tomatoes, about 2 medium, 34inch dice, 1 cup cold water, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 garlic cloves, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 4 to 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 chicken thighs, boned, 4 chicken legs, 14 cup water, 34 pounds fettuccine, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan], title: Stuffed Chicken Thighs with Red PepperTomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53900: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry torch a 9inch pie dish dry beans or pie weightsnFor the pie crust: Put the flour and butter in a food processor and pulse until it has the texture of breadcrumbs. If using your hands, rub the butter and flour together until the mixture resembles wet sand. Add the sugar, salt and egg yolks, and stir together with a knife.nPress the mixture together into a ball. If the pastry feels very dry, add the cream, bit by bit, until it comes together.nPress the dough into a disc, wrap in plastic wrap and put it in the refrigerator to rest for 30 minutes.nFor the lemon curd: Meanwhile, in a large, heatproof bowl, whisk the eggs with the yolks and sugar until the mixture is light and yellow. Place the bowl over a pot of simmering water and whisk in the lemon juice. Cook, stirring constantly, until very thick, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon zest and butter until melted and mixed in. Transfer to a bowl, let cool completely, and then refrigerate with a piece of plastic wrap pressed directly on the surface.nBlind bake the crust: Roll the dough out on a lightly floured work surface to about 14inch thick fit into a 9inch pie dish and crimp the edges.nPlace a piece of parchment paper into the pie crust and fill with dried beans or pie weights. Bake until the crust is starting to set and the edges are browning, 20 minutes. Remove the parchment and beans and continue baking until completely golden and crisp looking, another 10 minutes. If the edges brown before the center cooks, cover them with some foil. Let cool completely.nAt least 3 hours before you are ready to serve, add the lemon curd to the pie shell and refrigerate. When you are ready to serve, make the meringue.nFor the meringue: Put the egg whites and sugar into a large bowl set over a double boiler. Whisk constantly until the sugar melts and the mixture is very thin and warm.nPour the egg white mixture into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and add the vanilla. Beat on high speed until stiff peaks form, about 5 minutes. Turn the speed to low and continue to beat until cool, about 10 minutes.nTop the pie with the meringue by either piping with a pastry bag or spreading with an offset spatula to form peaks. Use a pastry torch to brown the meringue and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 9 tablespoons cold butter, cut into cubes, 2 tablespoons sugar, Large pinch salt, 2 egg yolks, 1 to 4 tablespoons light cream or milk, as needed, 6 large eggs plus 6 egg yolks, 1 12 cups sugar, Zest from 3 lemons plus 1 cup lemon juice, strained, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, 8 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 34 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Lemon Meringue Pie, picturelink: syUNYQFj3Gsq1gPbEmodWmkoj3vr4T2}, 53901: {instructions: Make yogurt sauce: Drain yogurt in a sieve lined with a dampened paper towel set over a bowl 30 minutes. Transfer drained yogurt to a small bowl and stir in garlic paste and mint.nMake burgers: Prepare grill. In a bowl gently but thoroughly combine the lamb, garlic, rosemary, parsley, salt and pepper. Grill on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 7 minutes on each side for mediumrare.nIn a bowl combine olives, tomatoes, parsley, olive oil and red wine vinegar. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer burgers to pita pockets and sprinkle with goat cheese. Top with chopped salad. Serve burgers with yogurt sauce., ingredients: [1 12ounce container plain yogurt, 1 garlic clove, minced and mashed to a paste with 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons shredded fresh mint leaves, or to taste, 1 12 pounds fresh ground lamb from the shoulder, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary or 1 teaspoon crumbled dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup coarsely chopped pitted Kalamata olives, 2 ripe medium tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 6 pita, each split halfway around edge to form a pocket], title: Mediterranean Lamb Burgers, picturelink: null}, 53902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial Equipment: 1 pound dried beans, 10inch tart pannFor the crust:nIn the food processor combine the butter flour, almonds and salt and pulse, pulse, pulse until it looks like grated cheese, as I like to call the Parmigiano stage. Add the egg yolk and half the water and pulse the dough should start to come together. If it does not, add the remaining water and pulse until the dough forms into a ball. Dump the doughball onto a floured work surface and using the heel of your hand, schmear it across the work surface. Repeat this process 1 to 2 more times, then form the dough into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 to 45 minutes.nTIP this can be done up to a week in advance or frozen for a longer time.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo roll the crust:nRemove the dough from the refrigerator about 10 minutes before rolling to let it soften. On a lightly floured work surface, roll the dough to 18 to 14 inch thick. Lay the dough in the tart pan. Make a small doughball with a little of the dough that is hanging over the edge of the tart pan. Dip the dough ball in flour and use is to carefully push the dough into the corners of the tart pan. Once the dough has been pushed into the corners of the tart pan, use the rolling pin to roll over the top edge of the tart pan to cut a clean crisp edge. Line the tart with aluminum foil, be sure to push it into the corners. This will keep the sides of the tart tall and straight and able to hold the filling. Fill the tart with the dried beans. Place in the preheated oven for 12 to 14 minutes. Remove the beans and foil and bake for another 4 to 5 minutes. The dough should be cooked through and lightly browned. Remove from the oven and cool.nFor the pastry cream:nPlace the heavy cream, 12 cup of the sugar and the vanilla bean seeds and pod in a saucepan. Whisk to combine and bring to a boil over low heat. While the cream is coming to a boil, combine the eggs and remaining 12 cup of sugar in a bowl and the cornstarch and milk in another bowl. Beat with a whisk to a homogeneous mixture, no big lumps of egg white When the cream comes to a boil, remove it from the heat and discard the vanilla bean pod. Whisk half of the cream into the eggsugar mixture and then IMMEDIATELY whisk it back into the pan with the hot cream.nThis is called tempering and will allow you to combine boiling cream and eggs without making scrambled eggs.nReturn the pan to a medium heat and gradually whisk in the cornstarchmilk mixture. Bring this to a boil to thicken the pastry cream. Stir frequently to prevent scorching. It is necessary to bring this mixture to a boil to cook the starch. If the mixture is not brought to a boil the mixture will feel starchy and gritty. The desired outcome is the consistency of vanilla pudding. YUM Transfer the mixture to a bowl and chill. This can be done really quickly over an ice bath.nTo assemble the tart:nFill the tart shell with the chilled pastry cream. Top with the sliced strawberries. You can arrange the strawberries in circles or in lines its up to you Just make it look pretty. Sprinkle with powdered sugar just before serving.nBerry delicious, ingredients: [1 12 sticks cold butter, cut into peasize pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 34 cup sliced almonds, toasted, Pinch kosher salt, 1 egg yolk, 3 to 4 tablespoons ice water, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 4 eggs, 13 cup cornstarch, 12 cup milk, 1 quart fresh strawberries, topped and sliced, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Strawberry Tart, picturelink: 85oEr5X8ryM7TBYfSdcrKMyhqlLpxq}, 53903: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicon baking mats.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the flour, sugar, ginger, baking soda, allspice, cinnamon and salt. Stir in the candied ginger and raisins. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, beat together the melted butter, molasses and egg. Gradually stir the flour mixture into the molasses mixture.nDrop a heaped tablespoon of dough per cookie onto the prepared baking sheets, placing each about 1 inch apart.nBake for 7 to 9 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool on the baking sheet for 10 minutes until they have set. Transfer to a wire rack and cool completely. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 packed cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup coarsely chopped candied ginger about 2 12 ounces, 14 cup raisins, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 13 cup molasses, 1 egg, at room temperature], title: Double Ginger Cookies, picturelink: LN5e4q4VDlqAl1nI.IJ4gpVa.qNim}, 53904: {instructions: Parboil the potatoes approximately 5 to 6 minutes in salted water. Drain and cool to room temperature. Meanwhile, saute the diced onions in the oil plus 1 tablespoon of the butter until richly browned and caramel colored. This step ensures that all of the onions sweetness is developed. Cool the onions, then mix with the potatoes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Melt half the remaining butter in a 10inch nonstick saute pan over medium heat, and add half the diced potatoonion mixture. Take care to pack the mixture tightly in one neat layer to saute and brown. Using the back of a spoon, form the potato and onion mixture into a rounded cake. When the potatoes and onions begin to adhere and brown, flip them over using a large spatula or the back of a plate. Brown the second side, then transfer the hashbrowned potatoes to a cookie sheet and reserve while you cook the second half of the potatoonion mixture. Add the second batch to the cookie sheet and bake 10 minutes. Remove from the oven, season with the salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [3 cups peeled, 12inchdice Idaho potatoes about 2 pounds, 2 large onions, peeled and cut in 12inch dice, 14 cup vegetable oil, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: 21 Traditional Hash Brown Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 53905: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 16 by 16inch pieces white foam core board Hot glue gun, or 2 cups royal icing Pastry bag with a small round tip, or resealable bag Ruler Razor blade Battery operated candle votivenDraw a 7 by 7inch square in the center of 1 piece of the foam core board as a guide for the foundation of the house. Start gluing the sugar cubes around the outline with either the hot glue or royal icing. Make sure to leave a space for the door and once you get to the third level of cubes, leave space for 2 windows on each side. Once the sides are 5 to 6 inches high, arrange the sugar cubes in a pyramid pattern on 2 ends of the house to form the pitched support walls for the roof.nCut the second piece of foam core to form a 10 by 10inch square and score it down the middle. Bend it in half to form a peaked roof and glue it to the top of the house. Decorate the roof with the marshmallows or round white candies.nFill the pastry bag or resealable bag with some of the frosting and use it to fill in any gaps in the house or on or around the roof.nUse any remaining sugar cubes, round white candies, white chewy candies, or marshmallows to adorn the house or make decorations trees, bushes, fences, or snowmen around the house on the foam core board. Use extra icing to create snowdrifts around the house. Place the battery operated votive light inside the house to illuminate it., ingredients: [2 1pound boxes sugar cubes, 1 10 12ounce bag mini marshmallows, 1 6 12ounce bag round white candies recommended: Life Savers, 1 16ounce can white frosting, 3 1 14ounce packages white chewy candy recommended: Mentos], title: Sugar Cube House Tablescape Centerpiece, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 53906: {instructions: Mix cabbage and carrots in bowl. Whisk remaining ingredients in another bowl. Fold into cabbage mixture. Chill at least 3 hours., ingredients: [2 12 pounds green cabbage, finely shredded about 10 cups, 2 large carrots, finely shredded, 1 12 cups reducedfat mayonnaise, 12 cup reducedfat sour cream, 12 cup lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup Dijonstyle mustard, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon celery seeds, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper], title: Hearty Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 53907: {instructions: In a double boiler over hot water melt chocolate with the butter. Remove from heat and allow to cool for 5 minutes. In an electric mixer add chocolate mixture and confectioners sugar. Beat until mixture resembles chalky beads. Add the vanilla and the milk 1 tablespoon at a time until a spreadable consistency is reached. Beat until fluffy  adding more milk if necessary., ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 to 8 tablespoons milk], title: Best Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: null}, 53908: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Have two racks set up in the oven.nPlace 34 of the tomatoes and 2 garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil. Roast until the tomatoes burst and start to caramelize, about 30 minutes. Peel the roasted garlic and puree with the tomatoes, crushed red pepper, and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor to make the sauce.nSpray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Peel the eggplant toptobottom in alternating strips, so that some of the skin is left on, and slice into 13 inch rounds. Dip only one side of each round into the egg white and then into the crushed melba toast. Lay out on the sheet tray, crumbside up. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt. Spray with more cooking spray. Bake until just tender, about 25 minutes.nDice the remaining 14 of tomatoes, and toss with the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil, red wine vinegar, basil leaves and 14 teaspoon salt.nPreheat the broiler. Place the toasted ciabatta halves on a baking sheet cutside up. Cut the remaining garlic clove in half and rub on the bread. Spoon 2 tablespoons of sauce on top of each ciabatta half, then top with 3 or 4 overlapping slices of eggplant, 2 more tablespoons sauce, shredded mozzarella, and grated parmesan. Broil until the cheese melts and starts to bubble, about 3 minutes. Top each openfaced sandwich with the fresh tomato and basil salad.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees. Have two racks set up in the oven.nPlace 34 of the tomatoes and 2 garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon olive oil. Roast until the tomatoes burst and start to caramelize, about 30 minutes. Peel the roasted garlic and puree with the tomatoes, crushed red pepper, and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor to make the sauce.nSpray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Peel the eggplant toptobottom in alternating strips, so that some of the skin is left on, and slice into 13 inch rounds. Dip only one side of each round into the egg white and then into the crushed melba toast. Lay out on the sheet tray, crumbside up. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt. Spray with more cooking spray. Bake until just tender, about 25 minutes.nDice the remaining 14 of tomatoes, and toss with the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil, red wine vinegar, basil leaves and 14 teaspoon salt.nPreheat the broiler. Place the toasted ciabatta halves on a baking sheet cutside up. Cut the remaining garlic clove in half and rub on the bread. Spoon 2 tablespoons of sauce on top of each ciabatta half, then top with 3 or 4 overlapping slices of eggplant, 2 more tablespoons sauce, shredded mozzarella, and grated parmesan. Broil until the cheese melts and starts to bubble, about 3 minutes. Top each openfaced sandwich with the fresh tomato and basil salad., ingredients: [1 14 pounds cherry tomatoes about 4 cups, 3 garlic cloves, skinon, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 small globe eggplant about 1 pound, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 2 ounces wholegrain saltfree melba toast, finely crushed 9 pieces, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 8 basil leaves, roughly chopped, 2 square ciabatta rolls, split, insides removed, and lightly toasted cutside up, 4 ounces shredded partskim mozzarella, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan, 1 14 pounds cherry tomatoes about 4 cups, 3 garlic cloves, skinon, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, Kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 small globe eggplant about 1 pound, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 2 ounces wholegrain saltfree melba toast, finely crushed 9 pieces, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 8 basil leaves, roughly chopped, 2 square ciabatta rolls, split, insides removed, and lightly toasted cutside up, 4 ounces shredded partskim mozzarella, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan], title: Eggplant Parm Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 53909: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the pancetta to the hot oil and render its fat. Once it begins to brown, add the ground pork and prosciutto and cook, while stirring, about 4 minutes. When the pork is no longer pink, add the garlic and sage and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Deglaze the pan with 14 cup white wine, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Stir in the bread crumbs. Remove the stuffing mixture to a bowl and allow to cool.nSeason the cavity of the birds with salt and pepper.nDivide the stuffing evenly between the two pheasants cavities.nRoast the pheasants 25 minutes. Add 12 cup white wine to the bottom of the pan. Turn the oven heat up to 425 degrees F and cook another 25 minutes, or until a thermometer inserted in the thickest part of breast registers 160 degrees F. Allow to rest 10 minutes before serving so the juices can redistribute.nRemove the dressing from the bird and serve along side. Garnish the dish with fresh sage leaves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 ounces Pancetta, thinly sliced, 6 ounces ground pork, 2 ounces prosciutto, chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 handful fresh sage, leaves picked and chopped fine, plus more for serving, 3 ounces about 1 thick slice stale bread, crumbled by hand, 12 cup white wine, 2 2 12 pounds each pheasants, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Pheasant: Pheasant Alla Fiorentina, picturelink: null}, 53910: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter and flour 1 large souffle dish or 4 to 6 individual ones with an 8 to 12 ounce capacity.nHeat the milk in a saucepan over low heat. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat, then add the flour, whisking until smooth and creamy. Cook about 3 minutes, until the mixture turns straw colored. Whisking, pour in the hot milk, and whisk constantly over medium heat until the mixture thickens, about 1 to 2 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in the cheeses, 4 egg yolks, corn, and mustard. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside to cool 5 minutes. Whip the egg whites until soft peaks form, and then fold into the souffle mixture in thirds with a rubber spatula.nPour the mixture into the souffle dish or dishes, and then place them in a roasting pan. Pour hot water into the pan until it comes halfway up the sides of the dish. Bake 25 to 35 minutes for individual souffles, 35 to 45 minutes for large ones, until risen and slightly firmed. Serve immediately or let the souffles cool in the dish, then turn out, cover, and refrigerate. The dish can be made up to this point up to 24 hours in advance.nIf made ahead of time: to serve, arrange the turned out souffles in a baking dish, poke a hole in the top and pour a little heavy cream inside, then drizzle a little heavy cream over the top of each souffle, and bake at 400 degrees until hot and bubbly, about 10 minutes.nNotes about the recipe: When I agreed to go to England to revitalize the flagging cuisine at Stapleford Park, a hotel owned by our friend Bob Payton, I had no idea what to expect. But having heard all the jokes about English cooking, I did wonder if they would like my food. As soon as I arrived in Melton Mowbray, a town dedicated to making strong, creamy Stilton cheese, we knew everything would be fine. The entire town of Melton Mowbray smells of Stilton, especially the fine cheeses of the firm of Tuxford  Tebbutt that may be what inspired me to cook with it so often, creating new lunch and supper dishes like this one. The richness of the local agricultural traditions quickly impressed me: the milk, butter, eggs, lamb, and vegetables were just as perfect and flavorful as the Stilton cheese. According to legend, Stilton was invented by a Mrs. Paulet in the 1700s. The cheese must be cylindrical, must ripen without ever being pressed, and must form its own coat or crust. Red Leicester, a vibrant orange, crumbly aged cheddarstyle cheese, furthered our education in the best products of English kitchens. More words and warnings have been devoted to the making of souffles than any other cooking subject, but this one doesnt rise perilously high. An airy egg batter, fresh milk, and butter, savory cheese and, in this case, sweet corn kernels and a dash of mustard produce irresistible results. If you want to make your souffles even more luxurious, follow the reheating instructions by pouring a dollop of heavy cream inside each one for the last 10 minutes of cooking., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 5 ounces grated Red Leicester, or farmhouse cheddar, 2 ounces crumbled Stilton, Gorgonzola, or Maytag blue cheese, 4 large egg yolks, 1 cup fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels, 1 teaspoon spicy brown mustard or 12 teaspoon dry mustard powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 cup heavy cream, for reheating], title: Double Baked Stilton and Corn Souffle, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 53911: {instructions: Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat until hot. Season the venison with salt and pepper and sear for 2 to 3 minutes on all sides. Remove the venison from the skillet and place in a roasting pan. Pour off and discard the oil from the skillet.nOver medium high heat, add 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet. When the foaming of the butter subsides, add the apples and saute until they begin to caramelize, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the sugar and the vinegar and cook another 1 to 2 minutes to reduce the vinegar by half. Add the wine and Szechuan peppercorns, cook for 2 minutes before adding the stock. Return to a boil, and reduce the stock for another minute. Keep the sauce warm while the venison finishes cooking. When ready to serve swirl the butter into the sauce.nPlace the venison in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes, until it reaches an internal temperature of 125 to 130 degrees for medium rare. Remove from oven and let rest 5 minutes before slicing into chops. Serve two chops per person, with some of the apple peppercorn sauce ladled over each serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 whole 9 rib rack farm raised venison, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tart apples such as Granny Smith, cored and sliced into eighths, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup dry red wine, 2 tablespoons Szechuan peppercorns, toasted and crushed, 12 cup game stock or chicken stock, 3 tablespoons sweet butter], title: Rack of Venison with Apple and Szechuan Peppercorn Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53912: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil or butter a baking dish or casserole.nIn the baking dish, stir together the hominy and corn leveling off the top of the mixture with a rubber spatula. Top with the garlic and cheddar.nWhisk together the milk, eggs, salt, and cayenne in medium bowl, and pour this mixture over the top. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until the casserole is set and the top is bubbling. Remove from the oven, let rest for 5 to 10 minutes, and serve hot., ingredients: [2 cups canned yellow or white hominy, drained and patted dry, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, preferably, or 2 cups frozen and thawed corn kernels, 1 garlic clove, minced, 8 ounces sharp cheddar cheese, shredded, 2 cups milk, 4 eggs, beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Cornhusker Corn Casserole, picturelink: null}, 53913: {instructions: Rub the elk roast with salt and pepper. Roast in a preheated 400degree F oven for about 25 minutes per pound, or until the thermometer registers 140 degrees. While the elk is roasting, periodically, baste the roast with the rendered duck fat to maintain the moisture. Let roast cook until an inserted meat thermometer reads 155 degrees. Let the roast rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving. , ingredients: [2 pounds elk roast, Pinch salt and pepper, 12 cup duck fat, rendered], title: ROASTED ELK, picturelink: null}, 53914: {instructions: In a medium bowl whisk together both flours, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, salt, and baking powder. Add the oil and stir until combined. Add the water and stir to combine and create a dough. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead 4 to 5 times. Divide the dough into 8 equal pieces, cover with a tea towel and allow to rest for 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor a thin snacking cracker: On a lightly floured surface, roll out 1 piece of dough to 116inch and place on a parchment lined baking sheet. If there is room on the sheet pan, repeat with a second piece of dough. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 4 minutes then flip and bake for an additional 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from the oven and place on a cooling rack. When cool, break into desired size pieces. Repeat procedure with remaining dough.nFor a thicker dipping cracker: On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough as above but to 18inch thick. Bake for 6 minutes on the first side, then flip and bake another 4 to 6 minutes.nFor super even thickness and easy rolling: Roll out using a lightly floured pasta roller. Flatten the dough until it will pass through the first setting and go to the highest number that your pasta roller will allow without tearing the dough. Bake according to the thin cracker instructions.nNote: Baking times will vary depending on exact thickness of dough and oven temperature, so watch them closely. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [5 ounces wholewheat flour, 4 34 ounces allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling, 13 cup poppy seeds, 13 cup sesame seeds, 1 12 teaspoons table salt, 1 12 teaspoons aluminumfree baking powder, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 12 ounces water], title: Seedy Crisps, picturelink: gEGafjoSS0Oc1amHkgJX2HMjNPBJewe}, 53915: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the sausage meat from the casing and place it in a medium bowl. Add the garlic, a pinch of salt, and red pepper flakes, if using. Mix to evenly distribute the ingredients. Drain the olives and rinse them under cold water. Remove the pimentos, if necessary. Stuff each of the olives with 14 to 12 teaspoon of the sausage mixture.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer, or stock pot, to 375 degrees F.nSpread the flour on a dinner plate.nBreak the eggs into a shallow bowl and beat lightly.nSpread the bread crumbs on another dinner plate and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Moisten the olives with the olive oil, stirring to evenly distribute the oil and seasoning.nRoll the olives in the flour, coating them all over and shaking off the excess. Then dip them in the egg, letting any excess drip back into the bowl. Finally, coat the olives all over with the bread crumbs. As each olive is coated, place it on a tray. Cover the olives and refrigerate until you are ready to fry them.nFry the olives until golden brown and the sausage in the middle is cooked through, about 3 minutes. The olives will bubble vigorously until they are nearly done, so watch for splatters. Drain on paper towels to absorb any excess oil. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 pound 1 link fresh Italian sausage, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 1 jar 8 ounces large pitted green olives, 4 to 6 cups peanut oil, for deepfrying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, 12 cup fine bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Crispy Olives Stuffed with Sausage, picturelink: eQAZ.AOx5T8YbAHqFk8GpSnuOtk5m6}, 53916: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine spices together with oil and melted butter. Place crackers on a parchmentlined sheet pan. Pour spice mixture on top. Mix until well coated.nBake for 25 minutes, move crackers around gently with a spatula halfway through.nLet cool on a wire rack. When completely cool, store in an airtight container., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, crumbled, 12 teaspoon dried dill, crumbled, 1 16ounce package salt free oyster crackers], title: Spicy Oyster Crackers, picturelink: null}, 53917: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a nonreactive saucepot, combine the tomatoes with the broth bouquet Garni and bring to a simmer. Cook covered over low heat for 15 minutes. Remove bouquet Garni from the soup and pass it through a sieve. Return the sieved mixture to the saucepan and whisk in the tomato paste simmer until heated through or boil down until the desired consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper and garnish with sour cream and chives if you wish., ingredients: [8 medium ripe tomatoes, cored and roughly chopped, 2 cups chicken broth, Bouquet Garni including basil leaves, 2 whole garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup sour cream for garnish, Snipped chives], title: Tomato Soup, picturelink: VqsGAdUNBCVMra8H486.uCvGWGG42}, 53918: {instructions: Whisk together all the marinade ingredients in a large baking dish. Add the ribs and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight it is best if marinated overnight. Heat grill to high. Remove short ribs from marinade and grill short ribs until slightly charred and tender and cooked to desired degree of doneness. Serve short ribs with white rice and kimchee., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 1 Korean pear or Asian pear, grated with juices, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 12 small white onion, grated or sliced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon ground red pepper, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 1 20ounce bottle lemonlime soda, optional recommended: Sprite or 7Up, 4 pounds short ribs, Cooked white rice, Prepared kimchee], title: Kalbi Marinated Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 53919: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a medium saute pan or griddle over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and fennel and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat, stir in the mustard and sage, and let cool for 5 minutes. Place the pork in a bowl, add the onion mixture, and gently toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Form the sausage mixture into 8 equal size patties. Cook on both sides until golden brown. Reduce the heat, cover, and continue cooking until just cooked through. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons whole fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 pound ground pork, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: SageMustard Breakfast Sausage, picturelink: 9KFFSGjKHk8h.AaUYLoGuwhSgISxW2G}, 53920: {instructions: Whisk the egg white with 1 tablespoon each rice wine, soy sauce and cornstarch in a large bowl. Add the shrimp and toss refrigerate until ready to fry. Whisk the chili sauce, the remaining 2 tablespoons each rice wine and soy sauce, 1 tablespoon cornstarch and 1 cup water in a bowl set aside.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the broccolini stirfry until charred in spots, 3 minutes. Add 12 cup water and stirfry until crisptender, 1 to 2 minutes transfer to a plate. Reduce the heat to medium add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the scallions, garlic and red pepper flakes. Stirfry until tender, 2 minutes. Add the chili sauce mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, 1 minute. Cover and set aside.nHeat 1 inch of oil in a deep saucepan over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 365 degrees F. Working in batches, toss the shrimp in cornstarch to coat, then fry until crisp and golden, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.nReturn the wok to medium heat and reheat the sauce if needed. Add the broccolini and shrimp and cook, tossing, until warmed through, 2 minutes. Add up to 12 cup water if the sauce is too thick. Serve with the rice.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 large egg white, 3 tablespoons Shaoxing rice wine, mirin or dry sherry, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, plus more for coating about 34 cup, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined tails intact, 13 cup Thaistyle sweet chili sauce, 3 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, plus more for deepfrying, 2 bunches broccolini, trimmed, 1 bunch scallions, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 cups cooked white rice, for serving], title: General Tsos Shrimp with Broccolini, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 53921: {instructions: Special equipment: 12count muffin pannPulse the flour, confectioners sugar, and salt in a food processor until just combined. Add the butter and process until the mixture resembles coarse bread crumbs. Add the ice water gradually and process until the dough holds together when pressed between two fingers. Form the dough into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap, and chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly grease 8 cups of a 12count muffin pan and line the pockets with strips of parchment paper hanging over the edges. These will help you lift out the tarts.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pastry dough until it is 18inch thick. Cut out 8 pastry circles, and use them to line the muffin pan cups. Cut out 8 additional circles to serve as the tart crust.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the cherries, apples, cornstarch and sugar, and spoon the mixture into the pastry cups. Top the tarts with the pastry circles, and crimp the edges together with a fork. Cut a small vent in the top of each of the tarts, brush them evenly with the egg white, and bake until they are golden, about 35 to 40 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 34 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 pinch salt, 9 ounces 1 stick 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cubed, 6 tablespoons ice water, 1 pound fresh or frozen cherries, pitted, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and diced into 34inch cubes, 1 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 4 tablespoons caster sugar superfine, 1 egg white, lightly beaten], title: Apple and Cherry Tarts, picturelink: null}, 53922: {instructions: Combine the butter, raspberry preserves, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup good raspberry preserves, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Raspberry Butter, picturelink: null}, 53923: {instructions: Boil 2 pounds sliced red potatoes, adding 4 matchstickcut carrots during the last 2 minutes. Drain and toss with 4 chopped scallions and 12 cup bottled sesameginger dressing. Top with sesame seeds.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: CarrotSesame Potato Salad, picturelink: 7YxWz87uuruMS9fLALBt.OWmB7Zy9vq}, 53924: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the shrimp and fish: Attach a deepfry thermometer to the side of a heavy wide pot. Fill the pot 2 inches full with the oil. Heat to 350 degrees F over medium heat.nWhisk the garlic powder, cayenne, thyme, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Toss the shrimp and tilapia with the spice mixture and stir to coat. Pour the milk over the fish and shrimp.nWhisk the flour and cornmeal in a baking dish. Working in batches, toss the shrimp and tilapia in the flour mixture and then carefully place into the pot. Fry the shrimp and tilapia, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and just cooked through, about 4 minutes each batch. Transfer the shrimp and tilapia to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle the shrimp and tilapia with salt immediately after frying.nFor the creamy garlic spread: Blend the mayo, garlic, zest and lemon juice in a bowl.nFor the po boys: Cut open the baguettes longwise, threequarters of the way through the bread. Spread the cut sides with the creamy garlic spread. Divide the shrimp and tilapia among the baguettes and top with lettuce, tomato and hot sauce, if using., ingredients: [3 cups vegetable oil, adjusted as needed, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces medium shrimp, deveined, peeled, Two 5ounce tilapia fillets, cut lengthwise then crosswise into 2inch pieces, 14 cup whole milk, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornmeal, 13 cup mayo, 1 clove garlic, pressed, Zest and juice of 12 lemon, 1 baguette, cut into quarters, Shredded iceberg lettuce, for serving, Sliced tomatoes, for serving, Hot sauce, optional, for serving], title: Shrimp and Fish Po Boys, picturelink: qs9Dupd8GHS28GAWAGdi.8bqNtByx1m}, 53925: {instructions: Cook the rice as the label directs. Meanwhile, fill a large skillet halfway with water bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Set the bottom of a stackable bamboo steamer in the water. Sprinkle the scallion whites and 1 teaspoon ginger on a plate that will fit in the steamer basket set the fish on top and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon white pepper. Set in the steamer basket cover and cook 8 minutes.nLine another steamer level with parchment add the bok choy and carrots and set on top of the fish basket. Cover and cook until the fish is cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 7 more minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat add the chile, garlic, the remaining ginger and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, swirling the pan, until the garlic and ginger start browning, 2 minutes.nRemove the baskets. Drain any liquid from the fish cut into 4 pieces. Drizzle the fish and vegetables with the chile oil and soy sauce top with the scallion greens and season with white pepper. Serve with the rice.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 14 cups white rice, 3 scallions, thinly sliced white and green parts separated, 2 tablespoons minced peeled ginger, 1 12 pounds skinless centercut mahi mahi fillet 1 12 inches thick, 14 teaspoon ground white pepper, plus more to taste, 4 heads baby bok choy, halved lengthwise, 2 carrots, sliced 14 inch thick, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 Fresno or red jalapeno chile pepper, sliced remove seeds for less heat, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce], title: Steamed Mahi Mahi, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 53926: {instructions: Cut cabbage in quarters and remove core. With a mandolin or food processor fitted with a 2millimeter slicing blade, slice as thinly as possible. Place in a large bowl with salt and toss to combine.nTransfer to a large glass or ceramic container and tap down by hand so liquid rises to top. Cover with a damp towel touching cabbage and top with a 3pound weight. Cover again with a layer of plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place for 5 days to ferment. Sauerkraut may be kept in a sealed container in refrigerator as long as 3 weeks., ingredients: [1 3 12 pounds green cabbage, 3 tablespoons coarse salt], title: Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 53927: {instructions: Put ice in the blender. Add the cooled grilled pineapple, the pineapple juice, sorbet and ice cream. Pulse until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Pour into 4 large wine glasses. Top each glass with a splash of club soda. Serve.nHeat grill to high. Brush pineapple with oil and grill until golden brown on all sides., ingredients: [1 cup ice, 12 Grilled Golden Pineapple, recipe follows, 12 cup pineapple juice, 13 pint lemon sorbet, 13 pint frozen vanilla ice cream, Club soda, to taste, 1 golden pineapple, cored and quartered, Canola oil], title: Roasted Pineapple Milkshake, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 53928: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the grits, vegetable stock, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper to a 12cup slow cooker. Cover and cook on low until tender, 5 to 6 hours. Now that the grits are done you can build the bakenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the coconut oil in a 10inch castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and saute until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the collards and the garlic, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saute to remove excess water, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat.nAdd the heavy cream, collards, ricotta and half of the Gouda to the cooked grits, stirring to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed. Stir in the eggs and pour it all back into the skillet. Top with the remaining Gouda and bake until the center is just set and the top is golden brown, 35 to 45 minutes. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [1 cup uncooked yellow grits not instant, 4 cups vegetable stock, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil, 2 shallots, small diced 12 cup, One 10ounce package frozen collards, thawed and squeezed dry, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup ricotta, 1 cup grated aged Gouda, 2 large eggs, beaten], title: Baked Grits and Collards Casserole, picturelink: ESE2OUfQeSkDNyuC9kC6BTNyOtGPVS}, 53929: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta.nIn a large bowl, mix together ricotta, 34 cup Parmesan, egg yolk, basil, crab, salt, and pepper.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFill the cannelloni with the crab mixture and place in a buttered baking dish. Top the filled cannelloni with the Bechamel Sauce and sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan cheese. Bake until bubbly and the top is golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes. Serve immediately.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, about 2 minutes. Gradually add the warm milk, whisking constantly, until the sauce is thick, smooth, and creamy, about 10 minutes do not allow the sauce to boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the salt, pepper, and nutmeg. The sauce can be made up to 3 days ahead. Cool and then cover and refrigerate.nYield: about 4 cups, ingredients: [1 box 8 ounces cannelloni or manicotti pasta about 12 shells, 1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 34 cup grated Parmesan, plus 14 cup for sprinkling, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 pound lump crabmeat, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, Bechamel Sauce, recipe follows, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups whole milk, warmed, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg], title: Crab and Ricotta Cannelloni, picturelink: O6ewMYXlDOioc2uY032.Z.DvRw6Doq}, 53930: {instructions: Place the cucumber and tomatoes in a sieve for about 15 minutes to drain off any excess liquid.nPut the buttermilk and yogurt into a bowl and stir well to combine. Stir in the drained cucumbers and tomatoes and season with salt and pepper. Mix well., ingredients: [1 cucumber, grated, 1 tomato, chopped finely, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper], title: Raita, picturelink: null}, 53931: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the peppers, onions, shallots and olive oil and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a saucepan and reduce the sauce over low heat for 15 to 25 minutes. Then bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Mix in the spaghetti and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the pasta and toss with the sauce. Garnish with Parmesan, sliced habanero peppers and a whole habanero on topnCooks Note: Add more habanero peppers for a hotter sauce.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound habanero peppers, roughly chopped, plus sliced and whole for garnish, 1 white onion, roughly chopped, 1 shallot, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound thin spaghetti, Grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Hot as a Mutha Pasta, picturelink: cSKDfpDYg0Wzpilir3XY.Ff3zjk6}, 53932: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 disposable piping bags and silicone moldbaking pans with 2 12by12inch rectangular cavitiesnFor the gianduja orange cremeux: Place the gelatin sheets in a cup with ice water to bloom. Put the gianduja in a heatproof bowl.nWhisk the heavy cream and egg yolks together in a medium saucepan and cook, stirring, until the mixture registers 185 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Add the bloomed gelatin, pour over the gianduja and stir until smooth. Add the orange zest and juice and blend with an immersion blender. Refrigerate the mixture until set up to a thick and smooth consistency, about 30 minutes.nFor the orange hazelnut sponge: Preheat the oven to 370 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the hazelnut flour, confectioners sugar and cake flour in a large bowl. Mix the cream and milk together in a bowl and add to the dry ingredients.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites with the dry egg whites and half of the granulated sugar until soft peaks form, then add the rest of the sugar and whip to a stiffpeak meringue. Fold the flour mixture and orange zest into the meringue. Spread the batter on the prepared baking sheet and bake until golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Allow the sponge to cool to room temperature before refrigerating for 15 minutes.nFor the chocolate whipped cream: Put the dark chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan and then pour over the chocolate. Stir until the chocolate is melted and thoroughly mixed in with the hot cream. Transfer to a container and refrigerate until cold.nFor the coffee ganache: In a medium pot, combine the cream, crushed coffee beans, cardamom and orange zest and bring to a boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat and immediately cover with plastic wrap. Let steep for 10 minutes, then strain to remove the solids. Add additional cream as needed to bring the total amount back to 1 13 cups. Add the corn syrup and instant coffee and return the mixture to a boil.nCombine the chopped dark and milk chocolate couverture in a heatproof bowl. Pour the hot cream mixture over the chocolate and set aside, undisturbed, for 1 minute. Using a spatula, stir in small circles from the middle and gradually moving out in wider circles, making an emulsion. Cool to 94 degrees F on the counter.nBlend in the butter using an immersion blender. Cover with plastic wrap and let cool to 88 degrees F.nTo finish the chocolate whipped cream, put the cold chocolate cream in the bowl of an electric mixer and whip to medium peaks.nTo serve: Transfer the chocolate whipped cream, gianduja orange cremeux and coffee ganache to 3 separate piping bags. Cut the sponge into 20 pieces that are the same size and shape as the molds. Pipe some gianduja orange cremeux into each mold and top with a piece of sponge. Pipe a thin layer of the coffee ganache next, followed by a sprinkling of the feuilletine. Place the filled molds in the freezer and allow to set for 3 hours. Remove the cakes from the molds and pipe a squiggle shape with the chocolate cream over the entire top of the cakes to resemble a branch. Embellish the corner of each cake with gold leaf., ingredients: [3 sheets goldstrength gelatin, 1 13 cups dark chocolate hazelnut gianduja, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 egg yolks, Zest of 3 oranges, 13 cup orange juice, 2 cups hazelnut flour, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup cake flour, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup milk, 1 12 cups egg whites, 12 teaspoon dry egg whites, 34 cup granulated sugar, Zest of 3 oranges, 23 cup chopped dark chocolate couverture, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 13 cups heavy cream, plus more if needed, 1 tablespoon crushed coffee beans crushed with a rolling pin or the bottom of a heavy pot, 2 cardamom seeds, Zest of 2 oranges, 2 teaspoons corn syrup or glucose, 1 teaspoon instant coffee, 1 cup chopped dark chocolate couverture, 12 cup chopped milk chocolate couverture, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 2 cups feuilletine flakes, Edible gold leaf, for garnish], title: Branch Crunch Cake, picturelink: null}, 53933: {instructions: Heat 4 tablespoons of the oil in a large saucepan or Dutch oven over medium high heat. Add the shallots and onion and sweat until light brown, then add garlic and sweat another 3 minutes.nAdd the wine and reduce by half. Add the stock, canned tomatoes with juices, thyme and bay leaves to pan. Simmer uncovered for 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, saute the fresh tomatoes in remaining 1 tablespoon oil for 2 minutes and set aside. Remove thyme sprigs and bay leaves from soup and puree soup in a blender. Stir in the sugar, lemon juice, 1 12 cups of the cream, salt and pepper. Return soup to saucepan and stir in Sauteed tomatoes, mint and chives. Gently warm soup over medium heat.nMeanwhile, whip remaining 12 cup of cream to soft peak and fold in grated Parmesan cheese if desired.nTo serve, ladle soup into bowls, garnish with a dollop of whipped cream., ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup chopped shallots, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 35ounce can plum tomatoes, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 3 ripe medium tomatoes red and yellow if available, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, Juice of 1 lime, 2 cups heavy cream, Coarse salt, Freshly ground pepper to taste, 12 bunch chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese optional], title: Cream of Tomato Soup with Mint, picturelink: null}, 53934: {instructions: Gently fry the bacon slices in a heavy saute pan. Remove and drain on paper towels. Spill out all but 1 tablespoon of the rendered bacon fat, turn heat to high and add the sliced onions to the pan. Cook over high heat for 2 minutes, or until the onions just begin to turn brown. Remove onions and drain on paper towels.nSpread 1 teaspoon of butter on each of the bread halves. Top each half with a lettuce leaf that overlaps slightly on all sides. Spread 1 ounce of liverwurst across each lettuce leaf. Cut the bacon slices in half, and top each smorrebrod with a halfslice of bacon. Divide the Sauteed onion rings evenly among the 12 smorrebrod, and garnish each one with the parsley., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 14 pound sweet onion, sliced fairly thin, Black pepper, 4 tablespoons lightlysalted butter, 6 slices square rye bread, cut in half, 12 lettuce leaves, washed and dried, 12 ounces goose liverwurst, Finely chopped parsley], title: Goose Liverwurst Smorrebrod, picturelink: null}, 53935: {instructions: Bring the brown sugar, butter and corn syrup to a boil in a saucepan and simmer until the sugar is dissolved. Whisk in the cream, vanilla and salt. Use as topping on your favorite dessert or fruit., ingredients: [1 cup225 g brown sugar, 13 cup70 g butter, 14 cup60 ml corn syrup, 13 cup75 ml heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt], title: Butterscotch Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53936: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler. Put the chicken between 2 sheets of waxed paper and pound with a mallet or hammer so the chicken is an even thickness of about 34inch, then cut the chicken crosswise into 12inch strips. In a large bowl, combine the hot sauce and the oil, add chicken and toss until the chicken is well coated. Arrange the chicken on a baking sheet and broil until it is cooked through, about 4 to 6 minutes, turning once.nIn a large bowl combine the Romaine, celery, shredded carrots and scallions. Toss with the dressing. Divide the greens between 4 plates, top with the chicken. Serve with extra hot sauce.nFold a full sheet of paper towel into quarters and put it into a small bowl. Spoon the yogurt onto the paper towel and place in the refrigerator for 20 minutes to drain and thicken. In a medium bowl, whisk the buttermilk and thickened yogurt into the mayonnaise until smooth. Add the vinegar and sugar and continue to whisk until all the ingredients are well combined. Stir in the blue cheese and season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 2 tablespoons cayenne pepper hot sauce or other hot sauce, plus more to taste, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 hearts Romaine, cut into 1inch strips about 8 cups, 4 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, coarsely grated, 2 scallions, green part only, sliced, 12 cup Blue Cheese Dressing, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 14 cup lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup plain fatfree yogurt, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken Salad, picturelink: HM.XLAIZrZDbXFuXc7Pw5loWcIWaOoK}, 53937: {instructions: 1. Trim fennel bulb and cut into 6 wedges, reserving some of the feathery foliage for garnish. In medium bowl toss together fennel wedges, 1 tablespoon of the oil, 1 teaspoon of the salt and 18 teaspoon of the pepper. Spread on 15 x 10 x 1inch baking pan lined with foil. Bake at 375degrees F for 20 minutes. Remove from oven.n2. Meanwhile, in same medium bowl toss together grapes, remaining 1 tablespoon oil, remaining 12 teaspoon salt and remaining 18 teaspoon pepper. Spread grapes alongside fennel on baking pan. Return to oven. Bake at 375degrees F for 20 to 25 minutes more or until fennel browns and grapes begin to split. Remove from oven. Cool slightly.n3. In another medium bowl stir together mascarpone cheese and rosemary. Finely chop the fennel wedges. Stir into cheese mixture.n4. Spread about 1 teaspoon of the cheese mixture on each KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Original cracker. Top with 2 to 3 grapes. Garnish with bits of the reserved feathery foliage., ingredients: [14 teaspoon pepper, divided, 2 cups seedless red grapes, 13 cup mascarpone cheese, 34 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 24 Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Original cracker, 1 small fresh fennel bulb, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, divided], title: Roasted Grapes and Caramelized Fennel Mascarpone, picturelink: SBZoi1vRcMLir6852GurxkZvMUtgb2}, 53938: {instructions: 1.HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Spray baking sheets with nostick cooking spray.nCOOKIES:n2.COMBINE 1 cup shortening, granulated sugar, brown sugar, eggs and vanilla in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended.n3.COMBINE flour, salt and baking soda in medium bowl. Add gradually to shortening mixture at low speed. Beat until well blended. Stir in oats, coconut and 1 cup chocolate chips with spoon. Drop by teaspoonfuls 2 inches apart onto prepared baking sheets.nCHOCOLATE COATING:n4.PLACE 1 cup chocolate chips and 2 teaspoons shortening in microwavesafe bowl or measuring cup. Heat on MEDIUM 50 power 1 minute. Stir repeat until smooth. Spread thin coating of melted chocolate on back of each cookie. Place upside down on waxed paper to allow coating to harden., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening OR 1 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 23 cup oats quick, uncooked, 12 cup flaked coconut, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening], title: Oatmeal Coconut Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 53939: {instructions: Wash the spinach in several changes of water to get rid of any grit. Drain the spinach but keep some of the water clinging to the leaves. Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the spinach and garlic. Cook, turning frequently, until the spinach is wilted down evenly. Remove the garlic and put the spinach into a colander and let it drain well. Press out as much liquid as you can from the leaves and chop them coarsely.nHeat the skillet again over mediumhigh heat and add the cream and nutmeg cook until it reduces a bit, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach and parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the spinach is hot, about 5 more minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 pounds spinach, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 53940: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a medium, heavy saucepan over medium heat until hot. Then stir in the garlic and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Cook until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the seitan into 12inchthick slices. Whisk together the flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and the cola in a bowl.nHeat the oil in a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat until hot. Dip half of the seitan into the batter, letting the excess drip off, and add to the skillet. Brown, turning occasionally, about 5 minutes. Drain the seitan on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining seitan.nDivide the seitan among the rolls and top with the sauce. Divide the cheeses among the rolls. Place the rolls on a baking sheet and bake until the cheese is melted, about 5 minutes.nServe the heroes topped with the oregano., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes in juice, pureed in a blender, 1 12 pounds seitan, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cola, 1 cup vegetable oil, 4 hero rolls, split in half, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, 4 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano], title: Vegetarian Parm Heroes, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 53941: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the berries with the honey and cornstarch Mash together slightly with a fork just to release a little berry juice and combine with the cornstarch. Divide the berry mixture between 4 shallow 12ounce ovensafe dishes and reserve.nIn the bowl of a food processor add the flour, sugar, nutmeg, salt, and lemon zest and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the butter and flour are just barely combined, about 15 seconds. Transfer the butter mixture to a bowl and toss with the sliced almonds. Evenly divide the topping between the 4 dishes by sprinkling it over the berries to almost cover completely. Transfer to the oven and bake for about 20 minutes or until the top is lightly browned. Remove from the oven and serve warm with a scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [1 pound blackberries, 1 pound blueberries, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 6 tablespoons butter, cold and cut into small pieces, 34 cup sliced almonds, French vanilla ice cream], title: Lemon Black and Blue Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 53942: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add remaining ingredients and cook for 20 minutes. Place mixture in a blender and blend until smooth. Return to the saucepan and cook an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until thickened. Preheat grill. Reserve 1 cup of the sauce. Brush steaks with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place on the grill and grill for 4 to 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Turn the steaks over and continue grilling for 5 to 6 minutes. During the last 2 minutes of grilling, brush the steak with some of the sauce and grill for 1 minute on each side. Remove the steaks from the grill and brush with the reserved barbecue sauce. Serve with the BasilMarinated Tomatoes on the side.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red onion, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 8 canned plum tomatoes and their juices, coarsely chopped, 14 cup ketchup, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons tamarind concentrate or paste, 1 habanero pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 Tbone steaks about 10 ounces each, Olive oil, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup basil chiffonade, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: TBone Steak with Tamarind Barbecue Sauce and BasilMarinated Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 53943: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 ovenproof TV dinner trays or 4 8 by 8inch disposable aluminum baking pans heavyduty aluminum foilnIf using a disposable baking pan, fold up several layers of heavyduty foil to create 2inch wide strips. Fit the strips into the baking pan to form 1 large and 2 smaller compartments.nSpoon 14 cup of the Lasagna RollUp sauce into the large compartment of each tray. Put 2 rollups and 3 meatballs over the sauce in each tray. Spoon remaining sauce over the top and sprinkle with Parmesan.nDivide the frozen peas among 1 of the remaining compartments in each tray and top with a pat of butter. Put a piece of brownie dough in each of the remaining compartments. Cover the trays tightly with aluminum foil and freeze until ready to use, up to 3 months.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLet dinners stand at room temperature for 5 minutes. Uncover the brownie compartment and bake dinners until heated through, 35 to 40 minutes. Serve immediately.nCook the lasagna noodles according to package directions. Drain and pat dry.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Stir in the marinara sauce and basil and let simmer for 5 minutes.nSpread 2 tablespoons of spinach across 1 end of a lasagna noodle, about 1inch from the edge. Sprinkle with a little garlic salt. Spread 2 tablespoons of ricotta over the spinach. Arrange about 18 of the provolone over the spinach and top with 18 of the prosciutto. Roll up the noodle around the filling. Repeat with remaining noodles and filling.nIf making Christinas TV Dinners, proceed according to that recipe. Otherwise, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread half of the sauce in a shallow baking dish and set the rollups on top. Spoon the remaining sauce over the rollups and sprinkle with Parmesan. Bake until heated through, about 30 minutes. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small mixing bowl, whisk egg and milk together. Tear bread into pieces, add to the egg mixture and let soak for a few minutes.nPlace beef in a medium mixing bowl. Add eggbread mixture, salt, and pepper and mix well. Form the mixture into 12 1inch meatballs.nIn a medium bowl, combine the bread crumbs and Parmesan. Roll the meatballs in the bread crumb mixture to coat evenly.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the meatballs and cook until browned, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a baking sheet and bake until cooked through, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [Christinas Lasagna RollUps, recipe follows, Christinas Meatballs, recipe follows, 1 10ounce box frozen peas, 4 18inch thick pats butter, 4 pieces uncooked prepared brownie dough, 8 lasagna noodles, 12 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups prepared marinara sauce, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 cup chopped frozen spinach, defrosted and drained, Garlic salt, for seasoning spinach, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 8 ounces sliced provolone, torn into 1inch strips, 8 ounces prosciutto, cut into small pieces, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 egg, 14 cup milk, 2 slices white sandwich bread, crusts removed, 8 ounces ground beef, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Christinas TV Dinners, picturelink: null}, 53944: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSplit any larger stalks of rhubarb in half. Cut the rhubarb into 12inch slices and place in a mixing bowl. Puree one halfpint of the raspberries with the orange juice and strain over the rhubarb. Add the vanilla beans scrapings, sugar, and cornstarch and toss well. Place in an 8 by 8inch baking dish and bake for 30 minutes, carefully stirring half way through. Lower oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nLine a large sheet pan with parchment paper. Place 8 4inch flan rings on the pan. Place 4 sheets of phyllo on a work surface horizontally, cut them in half from top to bottom, and cover with a barely damp towel. Carefully brush the top sheet with melted butter, sprinkle it with sugar, gather it up, and place in the ring. Repeat with the remaining pieces.nBake 10 to 12 minutes, until the phyllo is golden brown. Let the phyllo cool in the rings, then use immediately, or place in an airtight container to store overnight.nIf serving immediately, fold in the remaining halfpint of whole raspberries to the filling and sandwich it between the disks of phyllo. Or let cool and reheat the filling up in a microwave and fold in the whole raspberries. Sprinkle tops of the dessert with powdered sugar., ingredients: [4 15 to 18inch long stalks rhubarb, trimmed and washed, 1 halfpint raspberries, plus 1 halfpint, 14 cup orange juice, 12 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 4 phyllo sheets, 4 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 6 tablespoons sugar, Powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Roasted Rhubarb and Raspberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 53945: {instructions: Combine marinade ingredients in the bottom of a shallow dish. Season meat of choice with salt and pepper and set meat into marinade and turn to coat. Allow meat to hangout 10 minutes.nHeat a nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add marinated meat to the pan and cook 5 or 6 minutes on each side. Remove meat from the pan to a warm platter. Add butter to the skillet, chopped shallot or onion and mushroom bits optional then saute for 3 minutes over moderate heat. Add flour to the pan and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Whisk in stock and reduce for another minute. Pour pan gravy over the meat and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 to 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, a few sprigs, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, half a palm full, 4 to 6 1inch thick beef tournedos filet steaks, 6 ounces each, 4 strip steaks, 12 ounces each, 4 pieces boneless skinless chicken breast, 6 to 8 ounces each, 4 center cut pork loin chops, 8 ounces each, 1 inch thick, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons chopped shallot or onion, 4 mushrooms, crimini or button, finely chopped, optional, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, a handful, 1 cup beef, chicken or vegetable stock, found on soup aisle], title: Marinated NoMystery Meats, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 53946: {instructions: Season wings with salt and pepper, then dredge in flour and cornstarch. Deep fry until done and crispy. Toss in hot wing sauce.nIn saute pan over medium heat, saute onions in oil for 4 minutes then add garlic. Cook 1 minute more. Add 2 cups chicken stock and ketchup, bring to a simmer. Mix remaining 14cup stock and cornstarch together and whisk into saucepan to thicken. Now add Cheryls Hot Sauce to desired heat, sugar, and salt, to taste.nTo a blender, add peppers and 1 cup of vinegar and puree. Add remaining vinegar, if needed. Stir in pimento seeds. Store in a bottle or jar in refrigerator.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [4 pounds chicken wings, cut into 2 parts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornstarch, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Canola or peanut oil, for frying, Wing Sauce, recipe follows, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 2 14 cups chicken stock, 12 cup ketchup, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, Cheryls Hot Sauce, to desired heat, recipe follows, 14 cup sugar, Salt, to taste, 10 whole Scotch bonnet peppers, rinsed and stems removed, 1 to 1 12 cups white vinegar, 10 whole pimento seeds], title: Fiery Wings, picturelink: null}, 53947: {instructions: Julienne all fruit and veggies and combine in a bowl. Mix all vinaigrette ingredients except lime zest in a blender. Add lime zest and pour over the slaw, tossing lightly with fingers. Chill until ready to serve. Toss again lightly with fingers and serve as a side dish or mound on dinner plate., ingredients: [1 papaya, 1 mango, 1 jicama, 14 honeydew, 1 very firm pear, 1 large carrot, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced cilantro, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 minced clove garlic, 12 teaspoon Asian chile sauce, 12 teaspoon minced lime zest], title: Fruit and Veggie Slaw with Spicy Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 53948: {instructions: Toasted Burger BunsnDivide the meat into 4 equal portions about 6 ounces each. Form each portion loosely into a 34inchthick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Season both sides of each burger with salt and pepper.nIF USING A GRILL: Heat a gas grill to high or heat coals in a charcoal grill until they glow bright orange and ash over. Brush the burgers with the oil. Grill the burgers until golden brown and slightly charred on the first side, about 3 minutes for beef and 5 minutes for turkey. Flip over the burgers. Cook beef burgers until golden brown and slightly charred on the second side, 4 minutes for medium rare 3 minutes if topping with cheese see step 3 or until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Cook turkey burgers until cooked throughout, about 5 minutes on the second side.nIF USING A GRILL PAN: Heat a grill pan over high heat on top of the stove. Cook the burgers as for a grill, above.nIF USING A SAUTE PAN OR GRIDDLE PREFERABLY CAST IRON: Heat the oil in the pan or griddle over high heat until the oil begins to shimmer. Cook the burgers until golden brown and slightly charred on the first side, about 3 minutes for beef and 5 minutes for turkey. Flip over the burgers. Cook beef burgers until golden brown and slightly charred on the second side, 4 minutes for medium rare 3 minutes if topping with cheese or until cooked to desired degree of doneness. Cook turkey burgers until cooked throughout, about 5 minutes on the second side.nAdd the cheese, if using, to the tops of the burgers during the last minute of cooking and top with a basting cover, close the grill cover, or tent the burgers with aluminum foil to melt the cheese.nSandwich the hot burgers between the buns and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chuck 80 percent lean or ground turkey 90 percent lean, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 4 slices cheese optional, 4 hamburger buns, split toasted, if desired], title: Perfect Burger, picturelink: 1vU2xeJFZK9HzOHE2Nus2UyHlae2YLu}, 53949: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet heat oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking and cook cabbage and onion, stirring, 10 minutes or until just tender. Stir in water, vinegar, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and simmer, stirring occasionally, until almost all liquid is evaporated and vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 pound red cabbage, sliced thin about 6 cups, 1 medium red onion, sliced thin, 14 cup water, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: BalsamicBraised Red Cabbage and Onions, picturelink: null}, 53950: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in peanut butter and vanilla until peanut butter melts.n2. Add Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, oats, raisins and sunflower seeds. Stir until well coated.n3. Portion evenly into twenty 2 12inch muffinpan cups coated with cooking spray. Firmly press cereal mixture down into cups. Refrigerate about 30 minutes or until firm. Use fork to lift treats out of cups.nNote:n For best results, use fresh marshmallows.n 1 jar 7 oz. marshmallow creme can be substituted for marshmallows.n Diet, reduced calorie or tub margarine is not recommended.nRecipe image shows 2 servings.nFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter or butter, 2 cups miniature marshmallows or 20 regular marshmallows, 12 cup crunchy peanut butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, 1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 cup raisins or dried tart cherries, 12 cup toasted sunflower seeds], title: Rice Krispies Trail Mix Treatsand153, picturelink: null}, 53951: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the Filling:nButter a 9 by 13inch casserole dish. In a large bowl mix all the filling ingredients together and toss to coat all the apples. Pour in the prepared baking dish.nFor topping:nIn a food processor combine the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon and salt in large bowl. Pulse to blend. Pulse in the butter until mixture forms pea size lumps. Add the pecans and pulse 1 or 2 more times. Sprinkle over filling. Bake crisp for 45 to 50 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before serving.nFor Bourbon cream:na medium sized bowl, beat the cream until it begins to thicken. While beating, add the sugar and bourbon and beat until soft peaks form. Dollop over servings of apple crisp., ingredients: [6 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored, chopped about 3 12 pounds, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick chilled butter, cut into pieces, 14 cup coarsely chopped pecans, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon bourbon], title: Apple Crisp with Bourbon Cream, picturelink: y7gLM6r2sH4OnS9vMSh8S2Z7OxZgMi}, 53952: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saucepan or fryer to 365 degrees F or until a piece of tortilla sizzles when immersed. Fry the tortillas in batches and fry until crisp, about 2 minutes, remove and drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining tortillas. Mix together the cumin and salt in a small bowl. Season the chips with the cuminsalt mixture while still warm., ingredients: [6 cups peanut oil, 10 8inch flour tortillas, cut into eighths, 3 tablespoons cumin powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Cumin Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 53953: {instructions: Place the vinegar and shallots in a mixing bowl. Gradually stream in the oil while whisking. Add in the oregano and black pepper, and mix. Add the okra, olives, red peppers, capers and parsley. Mix and set aside.nSplit the bread lengthwise. Spread 12 cup of the olive mixture on the bottom slice of bread. Arrange the provolone over the olive mixture, then layer the mortadella, salami, red onions and sliced eggs.nFinish with another 12 cup of the olive mixture. Place the top half of the bread on the sandwich. Wrap the sandwich in plastic wrap, then weigh it down to press flat, and refrigerate for 1 hour.nUnwrap the sandwich and slice into quarters to serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup pickled okra, finely chopped, 12 cup pitted mixed olives, finely chopped, 12 cup roasted red peppers, finely chopped, 14 cup capers, drained and roughly chopped, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, One 8 to 9inch round loaf muffuletta, 6 ounces sliced provolone, 6 ounces sliced mortadella, 6 ounces sliced salami, 14 red onion, thinly sliced, 4 hardboiled eggs, sliced 14inch thick], title: Not Yo Mamas Muffuletta, picturelink: khHa5s4gJJs5bDDPjrKIKwIrIgEZf6}, 53954: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUse a small amount of olive oil to grease a shallow baking dish that is just large enough to hold the stuffed fillets in 1 layer, and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the remaining olive oil in a mediumsize skillet over medium heat. When it is hot, add the onion and garlic, and cook, stirring, just until the onion is softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley and pepper, and set aside.nRinse the fillets and pat dry with paper towels. Lay the fillets out flat on a work surface, inside up. Spread the onion mixture down the center of each fillet, dividing evenly. Fold fillet over the onion mixture, and secure with a couple of toothpicks. Arrange the stuffed fillets in the prepared baking dish. Spoon the chopped olives evenly over the fillets. Arrange the lemon slices over the olives. Drizzle evenly with the remaining olive oil, then sprinkle lightly with paprika.nCover the baking dish very tightly with aluminum foil, and bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil, and test the fish for doneness. It should flake when lightly touched with a fork. Serve immediately, accompanied by hot couscous., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 mediumsized yellow onion, very finely chopped about 12 cup, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 flounder or sole fillets, each weighing about 6 ounces, 12 pound drained weight pitted Middle Eastern green olives, coarsely chopped, 1 lemon, very thinly sliced, Paprika, to taste, Couscous, cooking according to package directions, for serving], title: Fish Baked with Olives, Parsley and Garlic: Tagine, picturelink: null}, 53955: {instructions: Combine 14 cup each vodka, apple brandy and apple cider in a jar stir in half of a thinly sliced Granny Smith apple and 1 tablespoon sugar. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. Pour a splash of absinthe into 2 martini glasses swirl to coat. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice and add the vodka mixture, reserving the apple slices shake well, then strain into the glasses. Add the reserved apple slices.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Absinthe Appletinis, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 53956: {instructions: Place the beans in a large pot or soup kettle. Pour in 8 cups of the stock and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and add the bay leaf and a pinch of salt. Cook, partially covered, stirring often and adjusting the heat to keep it at a slow steady simmer, until the beans are tender, about 2 hours. Remove and discard the bay leaf.nSoak the saffron in the remaining 12 cup chicken stock.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook, stirring often, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a plate. Add the onion reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute longer. Stir in the red pepper and the paprika. Cook for 2 minutes longer, then transfer the contents of the skillet to the bean pot. Stir in the saffron with the soaking liquid, the chorizo, and the kale. Bring back to a simmer and cook just until the kale is wilted, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, stir in the vinegar, and serve hot in warmed soup bowls., ingredients: [12 pound dried white beans, such as Great Northern, rinsed and picked over, 8 12 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 bay leaf, preferably Turkish, Kosher salt, Pinch saffron threads, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 Spanish chorizo sausages, about 34 pound, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 large red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 small bunch kale, about 34 pound, tough stems removed, washed well, and coarsely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Sherry vinegar, to taste], title: SpanishStyle White Bean, Kale and Chorizo Soup, picturelink: LHdzBgbntNIs9xd1XVJWZPr3C9.0fy}, 53957: {instructions: Pour the turkey drippings into a bowl. Add a splash of chicken broth to the roasting pan and scrape up any browned bits add to the bowl, then freeze the drippings until the fat hardens on top. Alternatively, use a degreasing cup. Spoon 12 cup of the fat into a saucepan. Add 12 cup flour cook over medium heat, stirring, until golden, 4 minutes. Slowly whisk in 8 cups hot chicken broth bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Discard any remaining fat from the drippings add the drippings to the saucepan. Simmer, whisking, until thick, 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Strain to remove lumps, if needed.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [], title: Basic Gravy, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 53958: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the top position, and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBeat the cream cheese, mozzarella, sour cream, mayonnaise, Parmesan, 2 tablespoons of the breadcrumbs and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium high until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to add the shrimp.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the shrimp, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt and the red pepper flakes, and cook, stirring frequently, until the shrimp just start to turn pink, about 2 minutes. Add the wine, bring to a simmer and cook until the shrimp are pink and cooked through, about 2 minutes there will be some liquid left in the skillet. Remove the skillet from the heat, and let the shrimp cool completely.nMeanwhile, mix together the parsley, the remaining 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs and 1 tablespoon melted butter, the lemon zest and a pinch of salt in a small bowl.nStir the shrimp, pan sauce and cream cheese mixtures together to combine transfer to a 2quart baking dish. The dip and breadcrumb mixture can be covered and refrigerated overnight separately at this point. Sprinkle the breadcrumb mixture over the dip, and bake until hot and bubbly, 15 to 20 minutes. Switch the oven to broil, and cook until the top is golden brown, 1 to 3 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes, then serve hot with bread andor crackers., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons plain dried breadcrumbs, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter, 1 pound large peeled and deveined shrimp, tails discarded, cut into 14inch pieces, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Large pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Slices of crusty bread andor crackers, for serving], title: Creamy Shrimp Scampi Dip, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 53959: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIf ham has skin, peel it away using a sharp knife and discard, leaving a thin 18inch layer of fat on the surface. Score remaining fat with a sharp knife by cutting diagonal lines, about 18inch deep, from 1 side to the other, crisscrossing cuts to form diamond shapes on the surface. Transfer ham to a foillined roasting pan and set aside.nWhisk together honey, mustard and cloves. Brush mixture all over ham. Pour the Mandarin oranges with liquid from can over the ham.nBake 1 hour 14 minutes per pound, basting every 15 minutes with pan juices.nLet stand 10 to 15 minutes before slicing into thin slices., ingredients: [1 4pound fully cooked, boneless ham, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 11ounce can Mandarin oranges in light syrup], title: Honey Ham with Mandarin Oranges, picturelink: jRr.GWSDQH5bdssKdUwHo.rnUGLaxVG}, 53960: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a medium bowl, add chopped cucumber, tomato, and avocado.nIn a small container with a tightfitting lid or jar, combine tequila, oil, lime juice, and dressing mix. Shake vigorously.nPour dressing over salad and lightly toss., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, sliced, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 avocado, diced, 2 teaspoons tequila, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon zesty herb salad dressing mix], title: CucumberTomatoAvocado Salad with TequilaLime Vinaigrette, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 53961: {instructions: Special equipment: ice pop sticksnToast the coriander seed and mustard seed in a small, dry saute pan over low heat until fragrant. Place the toasted seeds in a spice grinder and grind to a powder. Place lamb, pork, and bacon in a large bowl. Add all herbs and seasonings and toss to combine well.nGrind the meat in a meat grinder with a medium die and then chill overnight.nWrap 1 tablespoon of ground meat around the end of an ice pop stick. Repeat until all meat is used. Refrigerate for 2 hours.nHeat olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Saute lollipops, in batches, until meat is cooked through, about 2 minutes on the first side and 1 minute on the other side. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 tablespoon mustard seed, 1 pound lamb leg, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound pork shoulder, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound smoked applewood bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 ounces fresh sage, roughly chopped, 2 ounces fresh oregano, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for sauteing], title: Lamb Lollipops, picturelink: null}, 53962: {instructions: Place the cornstarch and 14 cup sugar in a medium bowl and mix together well add egg yolks and mix until a paste is formed. Stir in 12 cup milk. Place remaining 14 cup sugar and water in a small heavy pot and stir to combine. Cook over medium heat, swirling the pan occasionally but not stirring, until sugar turns a medium amber. Carefully pour in remaining milk and stir until smooth, Stir in vanilla seeds. Bring mixture back to a simmer then pour hot mixture over mixture in bowl, whisking constantly. Pour back into saucepan. Cook over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until smooth and thick. Remove from heat and stir an additional minute. Transfer to a bowl. Cover with buttered parchment or plastic wrap touching top of cream to avoid skin formation. Chill a minimum of 2 hours or as long as 2 days., ingredients: [14 cup cornstarch, 12 cup granulated sugar, 4 egg yolks, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons water, 1 plump vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped out with a small spoon], title: Caramel Pastry Cream, picturelink: null}, 53963: {instructions: Place the goat cheese, mesclun and pear in a large mixing bowl. Heat the oil and pancetta in a medium saute pan on high heat until the pancetta just starts to brown. Remove from heat. Add the garlic and quickly shake the pan until the garlic starts to brown. Add the tomato and parsley and combine well. Add the zin vinegar and season with salt and pepper. Return to high heat and boil. Pour the vinaigrette over the mesclun mixture and toss well. Sprinkle with pine nuts., ingredients: [23 cup fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 12 cups mesclun loosely packed, 1 Bosc pear quartered lengthwise, remove core, slice to 18inch thick, 14 cup olive oil, 13 cup diced pancetta, about 14inch squares, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons tomato concasse, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon plus 4 teaspoons zin vinegar, Salt and pepper, 4 teaspoons toasted pine nuts], title: Goat Cheese Pear Salad, picturelink: null}, 53964: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a bowl. Drizle over cooked broccoli, cauliflower, or beans. Or serve it as a dip for barley cooked vegetables., ingredients: [2 tablespoons yogurt, 1 tablespoon tahini sesame paste, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon honey], title: YogurtTahini Dressing, picturelink: null}, 53965: {instructions: Preheat the oven to375 degrees F.nTo make the pastry, cream the butter and sugar together, add the egg whites, and then the flour. Blend all ingredients until smooth. Place the tuile mixture into a pastry bag with a very small straight tip.nFold together the lavender honey, cheese, and fresh lavender. Place mixture in a pastry bag with a large star tip and set aside.nPuree 1 pint of raspberries in a food processor. Pass through a strainer, and set aside.nCarve the potato into a cone shape, about 3 inches long and 2 inches in diameter. Place a skewer into the flat side of the potato and cover with aluminum foil. This will be the mold around which you shape your tuiles.nPreheat a baking sheet in the oven for approximately 10 minutes. Remove the sheet pan from the oven, spray it with a nonstick spray, and pipe the pastry mix in a thin line from one corner to the other diagonally. Bake until the edges are lightly brown, about 4 minutes. Remove from oven and very quickly roll around the potato form to form a cone. Repeat with the remaining tuiles.nAllow the tuile to cool slightly, and then gently remove it from the mold. Pipe the cheese mixture into the cone.nTo serve, place the tuile cone on a plate and arrange berries flowing out of the cone. Drizzle with the raspberry coulis., ingredients: [4 ounces softened butter, 4 ounces confectioners sugar, 4 ounces egg whites, 4 ounces pastry flour, 1 tablespoon lavender honey, One 16ounce tub mascarpone, 1 bunch fresh lavender, leaves only, 2 pints raspberries, 1 baking potato, like russet, 1 pint blueberries, 1 pint blackberries, 1 pint strawberries], title: Cornet of Fresh Cheese Perfumed with Lavender Honey, Summer Berries, and Raspberry Coulis, picturelink: null}, 53966: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPour the heavy cream into a nonreactive saucepan and place over medium heat. While the cream is heating, slice the vanilla bean in half lengthwise, using a sharp paring knife. Separate the seeds from the skin by scraping the bean with the knife. Place the seeds and skin in the heating cream. Scald the cream by heating it until bubbles start to form around the edge of the pan. Remove from the heat.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the whole egg, egg yolks, and maple syrup until well blended. Continue to whisk while slowly pouring the hot cream into the egg mixture and whisk until the mixture is smooth and homogenous in color. Pour the mixture through a finemesh sieve to remove the vanilla bean pieces and overcooked eggs. Your next step will be made easier if you strain the mixture into a large measuring cup with a spout.nPlace the molds on a baking sheet with 1inchhigh sides. Fill the molds halffull with the custard and set the sheet in the oven its much easier to transfer the sheet with the molds only halffull.nNow, finish filling the molds to the top. It is important to fill the molds to the top, as the custard will lose volume as it bakes. Traditionally, creme brulee is baked in a hot water bath to insulate the custard from the direct heat of the oven and to keep the eggs from cooking too fast, which would cause them to separate. Using hot water from the tap, pour enough water into the baking sheet to reach halfway up the sides of the molds. If you are using a convection oven, however, a water bath is not needed because the even circulation of the air insulates the custard from the direct heat.nIn either case, baking time is approximately the same, about 40 minutes. When baked correctly, the custard should tremble slightly when gently shaken. If you detect any liquid under the skin, the custard is under baked. Put them back in the oven and shake them every 5 minutes or so until they are ready.nRemove the molds from the water bath and place on a cooling rack for 30 minutes. Then refrigerate for 2 hours or for to 3 days before serving the custards will finish setting in the refrigerator. Let the water bath cool before removing it from the oven.nPreheat the broiler.nIf condensation occurs during chilling, carefully blot with a paper towel to remove moisture. Place the molds on a clean baking sheet. Sprinkle 2 teaspoons of the sugar over the top of the custards. It is important to spread the sugar evenly if it is too thick or too thin in places, the caramelization will not be even across the top. When the broiler is hot, place the sheet about 4 inches under the broiler and broil until the sugar is caramelized. Keep a close eye on the creme brulee during broiling. They are finished when they are light brown. Place each mold on a small dessert plate and serve immediately.nWine suggestion: Essencia, Quady Winery, ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, 1 small egg, 3 large egg yolks, 7 tablespoons Grade B maple syrup, 4 tablespoons demarara sugar, for topping, 6 4ounce brulee molds], title: Maple Syrup Creme Brulee, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 53967: {instructions: Chop the chocolate and put in a heatproof bowl. Bring the heavy cream, butter and salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat pour over the chocolate and let sit until completely melted, about 10 minutes. Stir with a rubber spatula or whisk until smooth. If necessary, microwave in 20second intervals until the chocolate melts.nWhisk in the vanilla and almond extracts and the rum. Stir until the ganache is smooth and shiny. Pour into a shallow baking dish and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight.nRoll tablespoonfuls of the ganache into 18 to 24 balls, then roll in crushed amaretti cookies. Transfer to a parchmentlined baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. To make these in advance, roll into balls but do not coat cover and freeze up to 2 weeks. Let sit at room temperature for 20 minutes before uncovering, then roll in coating.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 14 cup rum, Crushed amaretti cookies, for coating], title: AlmondRum Chocolate Truffles With Amaretti Cookies, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 53968: {instructions: Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Sprinkle bread cubes on baking sheet and bake in a 350 degree oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until toasted. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, stir together lemon juice, olive or vegetable oil, anchovy paste, elephant garlic and pepper. Remove toasted bread from oven and place in a shallow bowl. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the dressing mixture over croutons and toss to coat.nIn a salad bowl, toss together limestone and romaine lettuces. Add croutons, remaining dressing and Parmesan cheese. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [3 12inch thick slices French bread, cubed, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon olive or vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 1 clove Friedas Elephant Garlic, peeled and finely minced, 14 teaspoon pepper, 3 cups Limestone lettuce, torn, 3 cups Romaine lettuce, torn, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese], title: New CaesarStyle Salad, picturelink: null}, 53969: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degreesnScore top of ham into diamonds and stud center of each diamond with a clove. Place ham on a rack in a roasting pan and bake for 1 12 hours. In a bowl combine the sugar, mustard and vinegar and spread glaze evenly over ham. Bake for another 35 minutes Transfer ham to a platter and let stand 15 minutes before carving.nPreheat oven to 350 degreesnCombine cloves, sugar and mustard and brush over Ham Steak. Bake in baking dish in 350 degree oven for 15 minutes until heated through., ingredients: [1 12pound shankless skinless smoked cured ham, Whole cloves for studding ham, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 14 cup prepared mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, Variation: GLAZED HAM STEAK WITH BROWN SUGAR MUSTARD GLAZE, 1 to 2inch Ham Steak, 12 teaspoon ground cloves], title: Baked Ham with Brown Sugar Mustard Glaze, picturelink: GfCwhBs7jK8NJ3kImSFYrfKCAn7L4a}, 53970: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the scallops, reduce the heat and poach gently for about 2 minutes. Drain well and chill at least 30 minutes, or up to overnight.nStir together the onion, clamtomato juice, ketchup, lime juice, cilantro, serrano chile and hot sauce in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nQuarter the scallops. Add the scallops and shrimp to the sauce and stir gently to combine. Divide among 4 glasses or bowls. Serve with saltines or chips.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 pound jumbo sea scallops 6 to 8, 13 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 cup clamtomato juice such as Clamato, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon seeded and finely chopped serrano chile pepper 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Freshly ground pepper, 12 pound cooked small shrimp, peeled and deveined, Saltines or tortilla chips, for serving], title: Scallop and Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 53971: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 3 9inch round cake pans and line each bottom with a round of waxed paper. Grease paper and dust pans with flour, knocking out excess flour.nIn a bowl, whisk the boiling water into cocoa until smooth and whisk in milk and vanilla.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter and sugars until light and fluffy, about 2 to 3 minutes, and beat in eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.nInto another bowl or on parchment paper, sift together flour, baking soda, and salt and add to egg mixture in batches alternately with cocoa mixture, beginning and ending with flour mixture, and beating well after each addition.nDivide batter among pans, smoothing tops, and bake in upper and lower thirds of oven, switching position of pans halfway through baking, 20 to 25 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean and layers begin to pull away from sides of pans.nCool layers in pans on racks 10 minutes and turn out onto racks to cool completely. Cake layers may be made ahead and kept, wrapped well in plastic wrap, at room temperature 2 days or frozen 1 week.nIn a small saucepan, heat cream to a simmer. Pour simmering cream over chopped chocolate. Stir in corn syrup and stir until smooth.nIn a large mixing bowl fitted with a paddle attachment, beat butter on medium high speed for 4 to 5 minutes, scraping down sides of the bowl occasionally until very creamy.nAdd two cups of sifted confectioners sugar and beat on medium high speed to incorporate thoroughly, scraping down sides occasionally. Add remaining confectioners sugar and mix until all of the sugar is completely incorporated.nAdd vanilla extract, lemon juice, and milk and beat for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. The frosting should be very creamy.nCover tightly with plastic wrap until ready to use. If preparing the frosting 1 day ahead, cover the frosting tightly with plastic wrap but do not refrigerate. When ready to use, beat the frosting again adding additional milk or lemon juice until the frosting reaches the desired consistency.nIn a microwavesafe bowl, combine chocolates. Heat in microwave at medium heat at 30second intervals, stirring in between, until chocolate is melted. Set aside to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl fitted with a paddle attachment, beat butter on medium high speed for 4 to 5 minutes, scraping down sides of the bowl occasionally, until very creamy.nAdd the cooled chocolate mixture to the butter and beat until thoroughly incorporated.nAdd two cups of sifted confectioners sugar and beat on medium high speed to incorporate thoroughly, scraping down sides occasionally. Add remaining confectioners sugar and mix until all of the sugar is completely incorporated.nAdd vanilla extract and milk and beat for an additional 3 to 4 minutes. The frosting should be very creamy.nCover tightly with plastic wrap until ready to use. If preparing the frosting 1 day ahead, cover the frosting tightly with plastic wrap but do not refrigerate. When ready to use, beat the frosting again adding additional milk or lemon juice until the frosting reaches the desired consistency., ingredients: [1 cup boiling water, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutchprocess, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 14 cups firmly packed dark brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces finely chopped bittersweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 12 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted twice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons milk, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 12 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted twice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons milk], title: Devils Food Cake, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 53972: {instructions: To make the dough:nCombine the dry yeast, sugar and WARM not hot tap water in a small bowl. Stir to combine and let sit for about 15 minutes. If the water is too hot it will kill the yeast and if it is too cold the yeast will not activate. When ready the yeast will look bubbly on top and smell very yeasty.nCombine the flour and salt in a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the olive oil and the yeast mixture. Using a fork, gradually stir the flour into the liquids until combined. Turn the dough out onto a smooth clean work surface and use your hands to knead the dough to a smooth homogeneous consistency. Lightly coat the mixing bowl with olive oil, and return the kneaded dough to the bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and put in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F, and preheat the grill.nFor the topping:nAdd 2 tablespoons olive oil, the smashed garlic cloves, crushed red pepper and pancetta to a large saute pan over medium heat. Cook the pancetta slowly until it gets brown and crispy. Once the garlic has become golden brown remove it and discard. Turn the heat up to high and add the mushrooms. Season with salt and saute until the mushrooms are soft and wilted, about 5 minutes. Reserve.nPortion the prepared dough into golf ballsize pieces. Dust a work surface with flour and roll each piece of dough into a rectangle or whatever shape you like, I like irregular shapes. If not using the dough right away, wrap each piece individually in plastic and reserve until ready to use.nBrush the preheated grill with oil to remove any crud. Carefully arrange each piece of dough on the grill and grill on both sides until the dough is stiff and crisp and has grill marks on both sides. That little bit of char adds a DELICIOUS flavornSchmear each piece with stracchino, top with the pancettamushroom mixture, and sprinkle with Parmesan. Put the pizza in the preheated oven until the cheese has melted, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven, sprinkle with chives and drizzle with the aged balsamic, if desired.nMamma mia, what pizza, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup warm water, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for coating bowl and grill, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper, optional, 12 pound pancetta, cut into 12inch dice, 1 12 pounds assorted mushrooms, such as shiitake, cremini, oyster, or whatever you like, cleaned and sliced, 1 pound stracchino or another mild creamy cheese, such as ricotta or fromage blanc, at room temperature, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 bunch chives, finely sliced, Aged balsamic for drizzling, optional], title: Grilled Pizzettas with Mushrooms, Pancetta, and Stracchino, picturelink: null}, 53973: {instructions: Pour liqueur in a warmed coffee mug and add hot chocolate to taste.nTop with whipped cream.nDrink Responsibly. JDK  Sonsu2122 Crave Liqueur, 15 Alc.Vol. u00a92012 John DeKuyper  Son, Frankfort Clermont, KY, ingredients: [2 parts JDKSonsu2122 Crave Chocolate Chili Liqueur, Hot chocolate, Whipped cream optional], title: GrownUp Chili Hot Chocolate, picturelink: GH9oVwkfBFwUgvOxNdpVX0LuSh0Bn2}, 53974: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: a 4inch round cookie cutternPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Dust a baking sheet with cornmeal. Set aside.nFor the tapenade: Place the olives, lemon juice, oil, capers, rosemary, thyme, anchovies and garlic in a food processor. Blend until smooth.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pizza dough into two 10inch diameter circles, each about 14inch thick. Using a 4inch round cookie cutter, cut out 4 circles of dough from each and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Using the tines of a fork, prick the dough all over. Spread about 1 tablespoon of the tapenade over each dough circle any extra can be used to top fish or chicken, or mixed through pasta or used as a spread for sandwiches and place a slice of tomato on top. Drizzle with olive oil and bake until the dough is crisp and golden, 15 to 20 minutes.nPlace the tuna and the olive oil from the tuna can in a small bowl. Using a fork, lightly mash the tuna. Divide the tuna and spoon on top of the cooked dough. Arrange 3 pieces of green bean on top of the tuna and serve., ingredients: [Cornmeal, for dusting, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 12 a large lemon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 anchovy fillets in oil, drained, 1 clove garlic, peeled and coarsely chopped, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, One 1pound ball pizza dough, halved, 1 large tomato, sliced into eight 14inchthick slices, Olive oil, for drizzling, One 5ounce can tuna in olive oil, such as Flott, 6 string beans, blanched and each cut into four 1inch pieces see Cooks Note], title: Nicoise Salad Pizzette, picturelink: JjeWbItWFGhe54UHdJzREfZvkb.lHy}, 53975: {instructions: Cut tuna into 6 blocks. Salt and pepper all sides of the fish. Roll in the egg white and then into the nuts. Sear in a lightly oiled cast iron pan to desired doneness., ingredients: [2 pound sushigrade tuna, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg white, beaten, 1 12 cups macadamia nuts, chopped, 1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Seared Macadamia Crusted Tuna, picturelink: null}, 53976: {instructions: For the plantains: Cut off ends and peel plantain. Slice lengthwise at 14inch intervals. Pan fry lightly on both sides then drain on paper towels. While warm, curve one end to the other and pinch to form circles.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan, and saute lobster, sofrito, and tomato. Add the tomato juice and let simmer for 10 minutes. Finish with cilantro, salt and pepper. Add bread crumbs and stir until mixture is thick enough to spoon into the plantain shells. Chill the mixture over an ice bath.nTo finish the pionono, fill round plantain shells with lobster mixture. Preheat 14inch of vegetable oil in a saute pan. Dredge piononos through flour then beaten egg. Pan fry until brown on 1 side, then turn over and finish cooking in the oven for 10 minutes., ingredients: [3 ripe yellow plantains, Vegetable oil, for sauteeing, Vegetable oil, 15 ounces cooked lobster, cut in small pieces, 12 cup sofrito, 1 tomato, diced, 1 cup tomato juice, 14 cup cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper, Bread crumbs to absorb excess moisture, 1 cup flour, for dredging, 2 eggs, beaten], title: Lobster Pionono, picturelink: null}, 53977: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F or preheat the broiler, with the rack positioned about 7 inches from the top of the oven or the heat source.nAssemble the nachos: Arrange the chips on a 12 by 18inch baking sheet or ovenproof platter. Top each chip with a layer of Monterey Jack, followed in order by the chiles, sirloin, and cheese blend.nBake the nachos for 5 to 7 minutes, or broil, until the cheese is soft and bubbly.nBefore serving, squeeze streaks of Avocado Crema and Chipotle Mayonnaise, to taste, over the nachos, if using, and garnish with lettuce and onions.nIn a small bowl, combine the salt, chile, cumin, garlic, cinnamon, and pepper. Rub the steak all over with the mix. Set aside at room temperature for 15 minutes.nHeat a grill or the broiler until very hot. Rub the steak all over with the olive oil and soy sauce. Grill or broil the steak very close to the heat, about 3 minutes per side, until medium rare. Set aside for 10 minutes before slicing or dicing.nPuree all the ingredients in a food processor or blender. Funnel into a squeeze bottle. The mixture should be thin enough to streak easily. If not, add a few drips more lime juice or buttermilk. Plug the top of the nozzle with a toothpick and chill until read to use. The mixture will keep for 2 days refrigerated., ingredients: [4 to 5 ounces corn tortilla chips, 8 ounces shredded Monterey Jack about 3 cups, 12 cup canned roasted green chilies, or 2 roasted and peeled green chiles, diced, 1 recipe ChileRubbed Sirloin, diced, recipe follows, 3 ounces shredded 4 or 6 Italian blend cheese about 1 cup, Avocado Crema, recipe follows, Finely sliced lettuce and chopped onion, for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground red chile, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 34 pound sirloin steak, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon soy sauce recommended: Kikkoman, 1 ripe avocado, peeled and pit removed, 12 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons lime juice from about 1 12 limes, 14 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon salt], title: ChileRubbed Sirloin and Green Chile Nachos, picturelink: ckRgRNqEWMSgKdSzkmb35MkD7liULji}, 53978: {instructions: In a small Dutch oven or a large soup pot, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken thighs on both sides with salt and pepper put them in the pan, fattier side down, and cook until browned on the bottom and some of the fat has rendered out, 4 minutes. Flip the thighs over, tuck the garlic in around them and cook until the garlic is browned and aromatic, about 1 minute. Pour in the chicken stock and simmer until the thighs are cooked through, about 12 minutes. Remove the thighs from the pot and cut into bitesize pieces.nWhile the soup is cooking, cut the leaves of the escarole away from the core and wash well in cold water, especially the white part near the base, where most of the dirt collects. Tear the leaves into 2inch pieces.nStir the escarole into the pot a handful at a time until it all fits, then cover and cook until tender, 3 minutes. Return the chicken to the pot and bring back to a simmer. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs 3 or 4 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 head escarole about 1 pound, wilted spots trimmed], title: Easy ChickenEscarole Soup, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 53979: {instructions: Put all liquid ingredients and sugar in a tall stock pot and bring to boil. Add duck and reduce heat. When boiling again, turn down to a simmer and skim. Add the rest of the remaining ingredients, except bok choy. Taste for seasoning. It should have an inherent sweetness to the liquid. If not, add more brown sugar. Simmer slowly for 2 to 3 hours, or until duck is very soft. For the last 10 minutes of cooking, add the bok choy. Carefully remove duck and bok choy. Strain the liquid and reduce until a light syrup is achieved. Glaze duck and garnish with sliced scallions., ingredients: [1 bottle red wine, 2 cups shaohsing wine, may substitute with 1 cup dry sherry, 4 cups thin soy sauce, 4 cups of water, or enough to cover duck, 1 large whole duck, head off, eviscerated, 2 boxes of Chinese rock sugar or 2 cups brown sugar, 1 large piece ginger sliced, 1 head of garlic, sliced in half, 2 bunch scallions, 2 star anise, 2 Thai bird chiles, 2 cinnamon sticks, 8 bok choy, halved, decored and cleaned, Sliced scallions, for garnish], title: Red Roast Duck with Bok Choy Fondue, picturelink: null}, 53980: {instructions: Special equipment: a square of cheesecloth and kitchen twine a deepfry thermometernMarinate the buffalo shoulder meat in a large bowl with 2 cups of the red wine overnight.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the parsley, 3 sprigs of the thyme, the bay leaf and peppercorns on a square of cheesecloth and tie into a bundle with kitchen twine.nCut the bacon into 14inch cubes. Saute the bacon in 4 tablespoons of the olive oil in a braising pan over medium heat until brown, then remove from the pan using a slotted spoon.nDrain the meat from the wine marinade and dry with paper towels, add the meat to the bacon fat and brown all sides.nSprinkle the flour over the meat to coat evenly. Place the braising pan in the oven for 5 minutes. Remove the pan, toss the meat, and return it to oven until the meat is browned, about 5 more minutes.nRemove pan from oven and reduce the oven temperate to 300 degrees F.nIn a separate saute pan, saute the onion and shallot with a pinch of salt and pepper over medium heat until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the bacon.nHeat the braising pan on the stovetop over medium heat. Add the remaining 3 cups of red wine, 3 cups of the beef stock, the tomato paste, minced garlic, cooked shallots and onions and the herb bouquet. Bring to a simmer, cover, and place the braising pan in the oven. Cook until the meat is tender, about 3 12 hours.nWhen there is about 1 hour left for the meat to cook, heat the duck fat in a medium pot to 200 degrees, and then add the smashed garlic, the remaining 2 sprigs thyme and some salt and pepper. Add the potatoes and cook, keeping the fat at 200 degrees, until soft, about 45 minutes.nIn a separate saute pan, saute the pearl onions in the butter over medium heat until brown. Add the remaining 12 cup beef stock and some salt and pepper and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes.nIn a separate saute pan, saute the mushrooms in 1 tablespoon olive oil over mediumhigh heat until tender, then season with some salt and pepper.nWhen the meat is done, strain the liquid from the braising pan into a saucepan. Discard the herb bouquet and reserve the meat.nReturn the meat to the braising pan and top with the pearl onions and mushrooms.nBegin to reduce the liquid in the saucepan over high heat adjust the thickness of the sauce by continuing to reduce if too thin or adding stock if too thick.nPour the sauce over the meat and vegetables in the braising pan and bring to a simmer. Serve the bourguignon in a bowl surrounded by the duck fatpoached potatoes., ingredients: [3 pounds lean buffalo stew meat, cut into 2inch cubes, 5 cups red wine, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs fresh parsley, 1 bay leaf, 2 black peppercorns, 8 ounces bacon, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12 tablespoons flour, 1 onion, sliced, 1 shallot, chopped, Salt and pepper, 3 12 cups beef stock, plus more if necessary, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 3 cloves garlic, 2 cloves minced and 1 clove smashed, 20 peeled red potatoes, 3 cups duck fat, 20 pearl onions, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, quartered, 1 pinch of salt], title: Buffalo Bourguignon with Duck FatPoached Red Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 53981: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, sour cream, cilantro, lime juice and wasabi in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper. Keep the sauce in the fridge until ready to serve.nFor the wings: Cut the meat of the drumettes at the base of the bone and pull the meat down to form lollipops.nIn a saucepan, combine the honey, sweet soy sauce, sambal chili sauce, vinegar, Sriracha, ginger, lowsodium and regular soy sauce, garlic, black pepper and salt. Bring the mixture to a simmer over medium heat and cook until thickened a bit. Remove from the heat and transfer to a large bowl.nFill a large, heavy pot just over halfway with oil. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 350 degrees F. Fry the wings in batches until golden brown and cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Immediately toss the hot wings with the sauce.nServe the wings with the dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon wasabi paste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 pounds chicken wing drumettes, 1 cup honey, 12 cup sweet soy sauce, 13 cup sambal chili sauce, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons Sriracha sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, Canola oil, for frying], title: Mongolian Kickin Wings with Creamy Wasabi Dipping Sauce, picturelink: I6rJFxAqYP.x4QZENRO33PbXBv2MQqO}, 53982: {instructions: Put 1 pound diced redskinned potatoes and 3 cups shredded red cabbage in a pot cover with water, season with salt and bring to a boil. Cook until tender, about 35 minutes. Reserve 14 cup of the cooking water, then drain. Mash the vegetables with 2 tablespoons butter, adding the reserved cooking water as needed. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [], title: Mashed Potatoes and Cabbage, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 53983: {instructions: Combine the flour, salt, and pepper on a large plate. Dredge the chicken pieces in the flour. In a large Dutch oven with a lid, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Brown the chicken pieces until golden brown on all sides. Remove the chicken pieces and set aside. Wipe the pan clean with a paper towel. In the same pot, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, add the pearl onions and saute until golden brown. Add the mushrooms and ham and saute for 2 minutes. Add the garlic and, when fragrant, add the brandy and thyme and reduce for 2 minutes. Add the red wine, stock, tomato paste, and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer and add the chicken pieces. Cover and cook slowly for about 35 minutes, or until chicken meat comes off the bone easily. Remove the bay leaves. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle with chopped parsley. Serve with mashed potatoes or egg noodles., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided, 4 chicken breasts, bonein, skinless, and cut in half, 4 chicken legs, bonein, skinless and cut in half, 1 cup pearl onions, fresh or frozen, 14 pound small fresh button mushrooms quartered if they are larger than 12inch in diameter, 1 slice smoked ham, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 tablespoon fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup brandy, 2 cups Cabernet Sauvignon, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 large bay leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley], title: Coq au Vin, picturelink: null}, 53984: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil, a Silpat or parchment paper, and set aside.nCut the carrots into large pieces and place them in a food processor fitted with the chopping disc. Pulse the carrots until finely chopped. Add the pecans, cashews, coconut, almond butter, cinnamon, ginger, salt, 2 tablespoons maple syrup and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Process until the mixture is wellcombined, scraping the sides of the food processor as necessary. The mixture should be moist but not runny, and it will be ready when it starts to pull away from the sides of the food processor bowl and form a ball.nUsing clean hands, form the dough into 15 equally shaped balls, approximately 1 14 inches in diameter. Place the balls on the lined baking sheet, then use your thumb to flatten with an indentation.nPrepare the frosting in a mixing bowl by combining the cream cheese and pineapple juice with the remaining 2 teaspoons maple syrup and 12 teaspoon vanilla extract. Beat with a hand mixer until creamy. Top each cookie with a spoonful of frosting, then sprinkle with additional shredded coconut if using. Place cookies in the refrigerator for 1 to 2 hours before serving, or in the freezer for 15 minutes. The cookies may be stored in the refrigerator or freezer., ingredients: [2 large carrots, peeled, 1 cup raw pecans, 12 cup cashews, 12 cup shredded unsweetened coconut, plus extra for garnish optional, 14 cup almond butter, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons pure maple syrup, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 4 ounces cream cheese or vegan cream cheese see Cooks Note, softened, 3 tablespoons pineapple juice], title: Coconut Carrot Cake NoBake Cookies with Pineapple Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 53985: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCream butter and sugar until fluffy. Sift flour and baking powder into the creamed butter and blend well. Make into 24 even balls and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown on the edges.nSift cardamom and pepper with flour and fold chopped crystalized ginger in at the end.nCream butter, sugar and espresso, then add sifted flour mixture., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, 1 13 cups dark brown sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon cardamom, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup crystalized ginger, chopped, 2 tablespoons instant espresso], title: Spice is Right Cookies, picturelink: null}, 53986: {instructions: Marinate the chicken for 30 minutes in the Hekka Marinade. Meanwhile, mix the bamboo shoots, onions, carrot, mushrooms, celery, and watercress, and set aside.nBrown the chicken in 3 tablespoons oil to which you have added crushed ginger. Add all the vegetables and stirfry for 1 minute. Add the sake sauce and bean threads and simmer on medium heat for 5 minutes. Serve at once.nDissolve the cornstarch in the soy sauce and mix with the remaining ingredients.nBlend all ingredients., ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs or breasts, Hekka Marinade, recipe follows, 1 can 2 12 cups sliced bamboo shoots, drained and rinsed, 10 green onions scallions, cut into 1inch lengths, 1 onion, cut into halfmoon slices, 1 medium carrot, julienned, 1 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 stalks celery, julienned, 12 pound watercress, chopped into 1inch lengths, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 finger fresh ginger, peeled and crushed, Sake Sauce, recipe follows, 1 bundle 2 ounces bean thread noodles, cooked and cut into 1inch lengths, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons mirin Japanese sweet rice wine, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 1 12 teaspoons brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup soy sauce, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup sake], title: Chicken Hekka, picturelink: null}, 53987: {instructions: Heat your woodfired oven 2 hours before cooking. You want it to be a mediumhigh heat, about 400 degrees F.nAdd the olive oil, rosemary, salt, pepper, garlic, lemon juice and zest in a mortar and pestle and smash until it reaches a paste. Place the lamb on a sheet tray and rub the paste all over the lamb, getting into every inch of space. If time allows, you can marinate the lamb for at least 4 hours or overnight.nPlace the lamb on a sheet tray or roasting pan outfitted with a wire rack. Put in the oven and roast until the lamb reaches an internal temperature of 145 degrees F, about 1 12 hours.nAllow the lamb to rest for 20 minutes for the juices to redistribute before carving. Carve against the grain, using the bone as a handle. Place the slices on a platter and garnish with rosemary sprigs and lemon zest. Serve with a simple arugula salad., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh rosemary, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, plus more for garnish, One 6 to 7pound leg of lamb, bone in, Arugula salad, for serving], title: WoodFired Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 53988: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn large bowl, mix together beans, pineapple, molasses, BBQ sauce, mustard, 14 of the bacon, and 14 of the onions. Add some salt and pepper, to taste. Pour beans in 9 by 13inch casserole dish and sprinkle remaining crushed onions and bacon on top. Cook in oven for 1 hour or until beans brown and bubble. Serve warm., ingredients: [Four 16ounce cans baked beans, One 20ounce can crushed pineapple, drained, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup BBQ sauce, 2 tablespoon yellow or brown mustard, 5 slices cooked bacon, crumbled, One 6ounce can frenchfried onions, crushed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sue and Glorias Baked Beans, picturelink: gOMZVUVSY42zTskjPJZ0tjWOUjiF1i}, 53989: {instructions: For the salmon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the chili powder, salt, brown sugar, cumin, pepper, coriander and cayenne.nSprinkle the salmon fillet with a generously with the spice mix and rest the fish for 1 hour.nRoast the salmon in the oven until fully cooked, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the salmon from the oven and cool slightly. Flake the salmon into medium chunks and season with salt and pepper.nFor the slaw: In a bowl, combine the vinegar, oil, soy sauce, sugar and lime juice, and whisk until the sugar dissolves.nAdd the cabbage, carrots and scallions, and mix well to coat all of the slaw with the dressing. Refrigerate the slaw for at least 1 hour before using.nFor plating: Heat a castiron griddle over high heat until the griddle begins to smoke. Warm the tortillas on the griddle without any oil, just until they are pliable.nHeat the oil on the griddle and add the flaked salmon to bring back up to temperature if the salmon has cooled. If the salmon is hot out of the oven skip this step.nPlace about 3 ounces of flaked salmon in the center of each tortilla and top with 2 ounces of slaw. Plate 2 tacos with a lime wedge for each serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon coriander, Pinch cayenne, 2 12 pounds salmon fillet, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup 8020 blend oil, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 12 pounds cabbage, shredded, 1 cup julienned carrots, 12 cup chopped scallions, 12 flour tortillas, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 6 lime wedges], title: Salmon Tacos, picturelink: null}, 53990: {instructions: Remove the neck and giblet package from the chicken and pull off the flap of fat if there is one. Rub hen inside and out with salt. Place the chicken in a pot that is just large enough to hold it and tall enough to completely cover it with water. Add cold water just to cover the chicken and stir briefly. Place in the refrigerator for 3 hours. Remove the bird and rinse for several minutes under cold running water to remove all salt inside and out.nWhile the chicken is in the refrigerator, make a simple stock by simmering the neck, giblets no liver, 1 onion quartered, 1 leaf end of celery, 2 sage leaves, 2 thyme sprigs, and 1 quart water in a large saucepan over low heat for 1 to 2 hours. Strain and save the stock. Pull the meat from neck and add to the stock. Cut up the giblets and add to the stock.nPreheat the oven 475 degrees.nArrange a Vrack for holding the bird over a pan to catch juices. Pour 1 12 cups of the stock into the pan, reserve the rest. Place the remaining onion, leaf ends of celery, sage leaves, and thyme sprigs, plus the orange and bay leaf, in the chicken cavity.nIn a small bowl, stir together corn syrup and butter. Brush the chicken lightly with this mixture and place in a Vrack, breast side down. Roast 20 minutes, basting with drippings in pan every 7 minutes. Remove the chicken from oven and turn so that one leg and thigh are up. Baste with the butter mixture and return to the oven for 10 minutes. Remove from the oven again, turn completely over so that the other leg is up, baste well with the butter mixture, and return to the oven for another 10 minutes.nRemove from the oven again and turn the oven down to 325 degrees. Leave the oven door partially open so oven temperature will come down quickly. Turn the bird breast side up, brush well with butter mixture and return to the oven. Baste every 5 minutes. In 5 minutes, check breast meat temperature using an instantread thermometer. The ideal temperature to remove it is 150 degrees to 154 degrees. If necessary, place back in oven an additional 5 to 10 minutes until it reaches this temperature. Breast meat temperature rises about 2 degrees every minute in the oven at this temperature.nAdd as much of the pan drippings to the remaining stock as you can without getting the sauce too salty. Stir cornstarch into 14 cup cold water and stir it into the stockdrippings mixture in a large saucepan. Heat over medium meat, stirring constantly, until the sauce thickens.nAllow chicken to stand at least 15 minutes after removing from the oven. Carve or partially carve the chicken and arrange back in bird form on the serving platter. Pass hot gravy in a separate bowl., ingredients: [1 6pound roasting hen, 1 cup salt, 2 onions, quartered, 3 leaf ends of celery stalks, 10 sage leaves, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 quart and 14 cup cold water, 1 small orange quartered, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup cold water], title: Juicy Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 53991: {instructions: Heat the broiler to high. Place the poblanos under hot broiler and char until blackened an all sides, 10 to 12 minutes. Leave the door of the oven cracked to allow the steam to escape. Place the peppers in a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Allow the peppers to cool enough to handle.nWhile peppers char, heat extravirgin olive oil in a high sided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken and lightly brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in onions, jalapeno and garlic and cook to soften onions about 5 minutes. While onions cook, place tomatillos and cilantro in the food processor and process until smooth. Pour the tomatillos into the chicken mixture and stir to combine. Stir in chicken stock and honey, season with salt and pepper and simmer chili 10 minutes.nWhen poblano peppers are cool enough to handle, remove seeds and chop, stir into chili. Remove chili pan from heat and stir in lime juice. Add dollops of creme fraiche on top of the chili, placing spoonfuls evenly across the pan. Cover the pan with a layer of crushed chips and top with Swiss and Monterey Jack cheeses. Place under broiler until brown and bubbly. Serve from hot skillet, spooning out chili into shallow dinner bowls. TOUCHDOWN, ingredients: [3 large poblano peppers, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 pounds ground chicken, 1 onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 large or 16 medium to small tomatillos, peeled, rinsed and halved, 14 cup cilantro, a handful, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and pepper, 1 lime, juiced, 12 cup creme fraiche, 3 cups lightly crushed tortilla chips wholegrain tortilla chips, such as flax seed tortillas add a wonderful texture and flavor, 1 cup shredded Swiss cheese, about 13 pound, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, about 13 pound], title: Chili Suizas Bake, picturelink: OOU7r6QusTnt.rd4BCfGchUZNzut48O}, 53992: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nStart with Altons Sugar Cookie Dough recipe.nOn a work surface, knead the flour into the Sugar Cookie Dough until well combined. Add chopped almonds and almond extract and knead dough until evenly incorporated.nScoop level tablespoons of dough and roll into smooth balls between the palms of your hands. Place balls about 1 inch apart on a parchmentlined baking sheet and chill for 20 minutes. Bake until set and golden on the bottom, about 1214 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes on the baking sheet. Stir the confectioners sugar and sanding sugar together in a shallow dish.nWhile cookies are still warm, roll in sugar mixture with a fork until completely coated, gently pressing cookies into mixture to adhere the sanding sugar. Transfer to a rack to cool completely.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Place butter and sugar in large bowl of electric stand mixer and beat until light in color. Add egg and milk and beat to combine. Put mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, and beat until mixture pulls away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle surface where you will roll out dough with powdered sugar. Remove 1 wrapped pack of dough from refrigerator at a time, sprinkle rolling pin with powdered sugar, and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move the dough around and check underneath frequently to make sure it is not sticking. If dough has warmed during rolling, place cold cookie sheet on top for 10 minutes to chill. Cut into desired shape, place at least 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are just beginning to turn brown around the edges, rotating cookie sheet halfway through baking time. Let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes after removal from oven and then move to complete cooling on wire rack. Serve as is or ice as desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 recipe Sugar Cookie Dough, recipe follows, at room temperature, 14 cup flour, 14 cup whole almonds, very finely chopped, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons red sanding sugar, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk, Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough], title: Almond Kisses, picturelink: byjTFiRxfYF80LQlQP1mYZn6DpbjQZi}, 53993: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine vinegar, wine, shallots, and dried tarragon and simmer over moderate heat until reduced to 2 tablespoons of liquid. Cool and strain through a fine sieve.nIn the top of double boiler or a heatproof bowl whisk the egg yolks until they become thick and sticky. Whisk in the reduced vinegar mixture and pepper. Place the pan or bowl over a saucepan of simmering, not boiling, water. Whisk until mixture is warm, about 2 minutes. If mixture appears to become lumpy, dip pan immediately in a bowl of ice water to cool, whisk until smooth and then continue recipe. The yolk mixture has thickened enough when you can see the bottom of the pan between strokes and mixture forms a light cream on the wires of the whip.nWhile whisking the yolk mixture gradually pour in the melted butter, a tablespoon or so at a time whisking thoroughly to incorporate before adding more butter. As the mixture begins to thicken and become creamy, the butter can be added more rapidly. Do not add the milk solids at the bottom of the melted butter.nSeason the sauce to taste with chopped tarragon, salt and pepper. To keep the sauce warm, set the pan or bowl in lukewarm water or in a thermos., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, Salt and pepper, 3 egg yolks, 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted in saucepan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon], title: Bearnaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53994: {instructions: Remove rind from preserved lemons. Julienne rind and discard the rest of the lemon. In a large bowl combine all the ingredients, including lemon rind, and allow to marinate for an hour. Check seasoning. Serve at room temperature, ingredients: [2 preserved lemons See Cooks Note, 5 large ripe tomatoes, peeled, skinned and diced medium, 4 green cubanero peppers long green peppers, roasted and diced the same size as tomatoes, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, toasted, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Harissa, 1 cup tomato juice, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Tomato and Green Pepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 53995: {instructions: In a hot pan, cook the lobster shells and peppercorns in olive oil until well browned. Add the onion, carrot, and celery and cook until lightly caramelized.nAdd the tomato paste and cook a few more minutes, being careful not to add any more color to the tomato paste. Deglaze with brandy and reduce by 12.nAdd paprika, cayenne, roux, star anise, lobster stock, bouquet garni, and fennel, and whisk to incorporate the roux. Simmer covered for 1 hour.nStrain the sauce, discarding the vegetables. Place lobster shells in a food processor and grind. Return ground shells to the sauce and cook until reduced to sauce consistency. Finish with cold butter whisked into sauce. When butter is incorporated, strain sauce again.nServe with roasted fish of your choice., ingredients: [Lobster shells from 4 lobsters, meat reserved for another use, 10 Szechwan peppercorns, 3 ounces extra virgin olive oil, 1 large white onion, cut into small dice, 1 carrot, peeled, cut into small dice, 1 stalk celery, cut into small dice, 1 ounce tomato paste, 12 cup brandy, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons roux, equal parts butter and flour, 1 piece star anise, 2 quarts lobster stock, Bouquet Garni, 1 head fennel, shredded, 2 teaspoons cold butter], title: Lobster Sauce, picturelink: null}, 53996: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Chocolate Cake with Caramel Irish Cream Buttercream and Dark Chocolate Ganache, picturelink: iIKdyWmYAbPnm.VA4DkE2aec7DvyfC}, 53997: {instructions: Bring the wine, sugar, cinnamon stick, cloves, allspice and peppercorns to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Cook 5 minutes, then remove from the heat and let stand 15 minutes. Strain the mulled wine into an 8inchsquare baking dish and freeze until hard, about 5 hours. Scrape with a fork and divide among glasses. Serve with whipped cream.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups dry red wine, 12 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 whole cloves, 12 teaspoon whole allspice, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, Whipped cream, for serving optional], title: Mulled Wine Granita, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 53998: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nForm the cookie dough into 12 equalsized balls and place on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake for 16 to 18 minutes until lightly browned around the edges. Cool for 10 minutes. Transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl, toss together the chocolate chips and oil. Place the bowl over a pan of simmering water and stir until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 3 to 5 minutes.nSpread the melted chocolate on top of 6 of the cooled cookies. Place on a parchment or wax paperlined baking sheet. Sprinkle the chocolatetoffee candy pieces on top of the melted chocolate. Place the remaining cookies, flatsideup, on the same baking sheet. Arrange the banana slices in a single layer on the flat side of the remaining cookies. Freeze all the cookies for 45 to 60 minutes until the chocolate has set and the banana slices are frozen.nUsing an ice cream scoop, scoop about 13 cup softened ice cream on top of the frozen bananas. Place a chocolate covered cookie on top and gently press to form a sandwich. Repeat with the remaining ice cream and cookies. Freeze for 3 to 4 hours until firm., ingredients: [1 pound chocolate chip cookie dough recommended: Nestle Toll House, 1 12 cups semi sweet chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon peanut or vegetable oil, 2 1 12 ounces chocolatetoffee candy bars, chopped into 14inch pieces recommended: Skor, 2 medium bananas, peeled and sliced into 14inch rounds, 1 pint vanilla or banana ice cream, softened], title: Frozen Banana Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 53999: {instructions: Special equipment: Bamboo steamernIn a large bowl mix pork, water chestnuts, scallions, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, egg, sesame dressing mix, and oyster sauce. Fill center of each wonton wrapper with 1 teaspoon of meat filling. Gather wrapper up and twist to secure sides. Brush the edges of the wontons with water to help seal. Arrange cabbage leaves on the bottom of a bamboo steamer. Place dumplings about 1inch apart and steam until the filling is cooked through, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 1 5ounce can water chestnuts, strained and finely chopped, 12 cup scallions, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon jarred minced ginger, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 egg, beaten, 1 pack oriental sesame dressing mix, 2 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 16ounce pack wonton wrappers, Savoy or Napa cabbage], title: Steamed Pork Wonton Dumplings, picturelink: null}}