{54000: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the kohlrabi, carrot, sugar, and vinegar. Mix well, then cover and place in the refrigerator to marinate for 1 hour.nRemove the kohlrabi mixture from the refrigerator and drain.nPlace a frying pan over high heat, add the oil and fry the garlic until fragrant.nAdd the beef, season with 12 teaspoon black pepper, and stirfry the beef for no longer than 3 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside.nIn a serving bowl, combine the kohlrabi, carrot, Vietnamese mint, Asian basil, perilla, garlic chips and beef.nDress with nuoc cham and garnish with the peanuts and fried red shallots., ingredients: [1 pound, 2 ounces 500 g kohlrabi, peeled and julienned, 1 carrot, peeled and julienned, 3 12 ounces 100 g sugar, 3 12 fluid ounces 100 ml vinegar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 10 12 ounces 300 g buffalo or lean beef eye fillets, sliced into strips, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 handful fresh Vietnamese mint leaves, 1 handful fresh Asian basil leaves, 1 handful perilla leaves, 1 tablespoon garlic chips, 4 tablespoons nuoc cham, 2 tablespoons crushed roasted peanuts, for serving, 2 tablespoons fried red shallots, for serving], title: Kohlrabi and Buffalo Salad: Trau Xao Xu Hao, picturelink: null}, 54001: {instructions: Peel shrimp devein, if desired. Set aside.nProcess cilantro, next 9 ingredients, and 3 tablespoons olive oil in a food processor until smooth.nSaute shrimp in remaining 1 tablespoon hot olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat 3 to 4 minutes or just until shrimp turn pink. Pour cilantro mixture over shrimp, stirring well. Serve shrimp mixture over hot cooked rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds unpeeled, large fresh shrimp, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 3 green onions, cut in 13inch pieces, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 small jalapeno pepper, unseeded, 12 medium tomato, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 14 cup olive oil, divided, Hot cooked rice], title: Texas Pesto Shrimp Over Rice, picturelink: null}, 54002: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large stockpot set over high heat. Add the celery, onions and peppers, and saute until tender, 4 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the shrimp, chicken and Creole seasoning in a large bowl and stir to coat.nAdd the garlic to the stockpot, and saute for 1 minute. Add the bay leaves, tomatoes and Worcestershire. Add the rice and stir to coat in the oil, then stir in the stock. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the rice is tender and absorbs some of the liquid, about 15 minutes. Add the chicken, shrimp and sausage to the stockpot, and cook until the meat is cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and hot sauce. Serve hot., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 5 stalks celery, chopped, 1 Spanish onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 24 medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound chicken, diced, 2 tablespoons Creole seasoning, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 bay leaves, One 32ounce can chopped tomatoes, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups rice, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 pound andouille sausage, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot sauce], title: Cajun Jambalaya, picturelink: khHa5s4gJJs5bDDPjrKIKwIrIgEZf6}, 54003: {instructions: On a cutting board, chop and reserve 14 cup fennel fronds. Trim the bulbs, cut them in half and very thinly slice by hand or with a mandoline. Transfer to a large serving bowl and add the sweet peppers, radicchio, lemon juice, a healthy douse of extravirgin olive oil, the reserved fennel fronds, and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss and let stand for 15 minutes, then toss again and serve., ingredients: [1 large bulb or 2 small to medium bulbs fresh fennel, 2 large bell peppers, 1 red and 1 yellow, seeded and very thinly sliced, 1 head radicchio, halved and shredded, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball the amount, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fennel and Pepper Salad, picturelink: null}, 54004: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a rimmed 12by8 12inch baking pan with parchment paper. Spray the paper with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nIn a large bowl, use a rubber spatula to stir together the brownie mix, eggs, liqueur, vegetable oil and almond extract. Spread the mixture evenly over the prepared baking pan. Bake until the brownie is just set, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.nLine a 9by5inch loaf pan with a piece of parchment paper across the short way, so there is about 2 inches of overhang on either side. Remove the ice cream from the freezer to soften just slightly.nPlace the brownie sheet on a cutting board and cut into 3 rectangles. Place one brownie on the bottom of the prepared loaf pan. Scoop the softened vanilla ice cream on top of the brownie and spread evenly with an offset spatula. Place another brownie rectangle on top of the ice cream and press down gently. Scoop the softened chocolatechocolate chip ice cream on top and spread evenly. Top with the last brownie, press firmly, and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for at least 5 hours or preferably overnight.nTo unmold, run a thin knife along the two short sides of the pan to loosen. Invert the cake onto a chilled plate. Peel off the parchment and dust the cake with the confectioners sugar if using. If desired, line the sides with the mini candy canes. Return the cake to the freezer to set for 10 minutes. Slice and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, One 18.2ounce box dark chocolate fudge brownie mix, such as Duncan Hines, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 13 cup hazelnut liqueur, 13 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 pint chocolatechocolate chip ice cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, optional, 14 mini candy canes, optional], title: Black and White Brownie Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: DCVzusMvcDNWUZnpLEozepjn4.yQvi}, 54005: {instructions: Place the garlic in a food processor and process until chopped. Add the softened butter and process until smooth. Add the olives to the food processor and pulse them into the mixture until they are just barely combined. Roll garlic olive butter into logs using double layers of plastic food wrap. Store butter logs in the freezer. Cut off discs to top grilled chicken or broiled fish.nFor Garlic Olive Bread: Soften 14 pound of butter to make 1 loaf of garlic olive bread. Toast a split loaf of bread under hot broiler. Spread with softened garlic olive butter on each half of bread. Sprinkle bread with a little grated cheese and return bread to broiler to melt butter and cheese. Slice and serve., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, cracked away from skin, 1 pound butter, softened, 1 cup pitted Italian green olives, available in bulk near deli section of your market], title: Garlic and Olive Butter, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 54006: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large cast iron skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the sausages and brown on all sides, about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from skillet and reserve.nAdd onions and peppers to the skillet and saute until tender and golden brown, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and saute until fragrant. Stir in the tomato paste, beer, and BBQ sauce. Cook for a few minutes, then add the sausages back to the pan. Reduce the heat and simmer until the sauce is nice and thick, about 10 minutes.nSlice the bread open, put on sheet tray, and toast in the oven while the sausage is simmering. Remove the bread from the oven and fill with the sausages and peppers.nTransfer to serving dishes and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound smoked sausage, sliced into quarters then lengthwise, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 1 orange bell pepper, sliced, 2 medium yellow onions, sliced, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup beer, 12 cup Neelys BBQ sauce, 4 fresh hoagie rolls], title: Pats Smoked Sausage and Pepper Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 54007: {instructions: In a bowl combine the gingerroot, garlic, lime juice, oil, thyme, salt and pepper. Arrange the swordfish steaks in a shallow glass baking dish and spoon the marinade over them. Let the fish marinate, covered and chilled, turning once, for an hour. Meanwhile, make the pesto. In a food processor combine all the ingredients and transfer to a bowl.nPlace swordfish steaks on your grill. Cook the steaks 4 inches above the coals for 3 to 4 minutes on each side, or until firm to the touch. Alternatively, broil them under a preheated broiler 4 inches from the heat for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Serve with pesto., ingredients: [2 teaspoons minced gingerroot, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced thyme, Salt and pepper, 4 swordfish steaks, about 6 ounces each and 1inch thick, 13 cup olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 13 cup pine nuts, Salt and freshly grated black pepper, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Grilled Swordfish with Pesto, picturelink: null}, 54008: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saute pan over low heat, add oil and butter. When butter is melted, add onions and saute stirring occasionally until golden brown and caramelized, about 35 minutes. Add shallots and some salt and saute for 15 minutes more until onions and shallots are dark brown. Remove from heat and let cool for 5 to 6 minutes, then chop into 14inch pieces. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine sour cream, mayonnaise, celery salt, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. Fold in onion mixture. Chill at least 1 hour or overnight, prior to serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 Vidalia onions, sliced into 14inch rings about 4 cups, 2 large shallots, sliced into 18inch rings about 12 cup, 2 cups sour cream, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt], title: French Onion Dip, picturelink: Ps2QnOlAHEuGAiOkGQWJ6PoyzhCSfuK}, 54009: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a muffin pan with 12 cupcake liners. Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the eggs and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium low slowly beat in the melted butter, then add the orange zest and vanilla.nBeat in the flour mixture in 2 additions, alternating with the milk, beginning and ending with the flour mixture beat until just combined do not overmix.nDivide the batter evenly among the muffin cups, filling each about twothirds of the way. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes, then remove the cupcakes to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the frosting: Bring the orange juice to a boil in a saucepan reduce the heat to medium and simmer until reduced to1 12 tablespoons, about 8 minutes. Let cool.nBeat the cream cheese in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth and fluffy. Beat in the butter, a little at a time, until smooth. Reduce the mixer speed to low sift the confectioners sugar into the bowl and beat until smooth. Add the vanilla, the cooled orange syrup, orange zest and food coloring and beat on medium speed until combined. Refrigerate until spreadable, about 15 minutes. Spread the frosting on the cupcakes top with candied orange zest., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 34 cup fresh orange juice from about, 2 oranges, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 3 drops yellow food coloring optional, 1 drop red food coloring optional, Storebought candied orange zest, for topping], title: Orange Cream Cupcakes, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 54010: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a heavy bottom skillet on mediumhigh heat, saute the potatoes in oil until golden brown. Add onions, peppers, and scallions and cook until tender. Add eggs and stir until they start to set up. Stir in cheeses and parsley, and season. Place in oven for 15 minutes. Remove, cut into wedges, and serve with Tomato Chutney.nIn a nonreactive saucepan on medium heat, reduce vinegar with sugar, garlic, ginger, onions, and spices until almost dry. Add canned tomatoes and continue cooking until thick. Remove from heat and stir in concasse, lime juice, jalapenos, cilantro and seasoning. Let cool., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 large baking potato, like russet, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 medium yellow onion, peeled and julienne, 1 red pepper, julienne, 4 scallions, sliced, 12 eggs, cracked and whisked, 6 ounces grated manchego cheese, 6 ounces fresh goat cheese, 14 cup chopped parsley, 2 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, Tomato Chutney, recipe follows, 12 cup malt vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 15 cloves of garlic sliced thin, 1 cup julienned ginger, 3 red onions, julienne thinly, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons mustard seed, 2 tablespoons anise seed, 2 tablespoons fennel seed, 1 16 ounce can chopped tomatoes, 2 cups fresh tomatoes, peeled and seeded concasse, 12 cup lime juice, 4 jalapenos chopped fine, 14 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Frittata with Tomato Chutney, picturelink: null}, 54011: {instructions: In a large bowl, add flour, cornmeal, cayenne and sugar and mix together. Whisk in cold beer and honey until well incorporated and free of lumps.nPreheat deepfryer to 375 degrees F. with peanut oil.nSeason cod with salt and pepper and dredge in batter. Allow excess batter to drip off and place gently into the deepfryer. Fry for 6 to 8 minutes until golden, crisp and delicious. Drain on paper towels. Place cod on a large serving platter or individual places and serve with Tartar Sauce.nIn a small bowl, mix all ingredients together., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 16ounce ice cold beer, 2 tablespoon honey, Peanut oil, 6 6ounce cod fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons hot pepper relish, jarred, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Memphis Cornmeal Battered Cod, picturelink: ja3DbBexqmWNQ7jenjtijygZeDtLiBC}, 54012: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Make the croutons: Toss the bread cubes with 1 tablespoon olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet season with salt and pepper. Bake until golden, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Heat the remaining 13 cup olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the shallot and tomatoes and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper.nToss the lettuce in a large bowl. Pour the warm dressing on top, add the croutons and gently toss. Top with the blue cheese.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [14 baguette, cut into 12inch cubes, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 head redleaf lettuce, torn, 1 head romaine lettuce, torn, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Green Salad with Warm Tomato Dressing, picturelink: 5GAKPYGvS2B63rsPuTwJd4dgZO73zdK}, 54013: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the bread cubes and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl. Spread on a rimmed baking sheet and bake, tossing occasionally, until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, toss the giardiniera in a large bowl with the basil, olives, peppers, romaine, mortadella, prosciutto, capicola, salami, provolone and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Drizzle with the giardiniera brine and toss. Let sit about 20 minutes to let the flavors combine.nAdd the croutons to the salad and toss. Divide among bowls.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups bread cubes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 13 cups giardiniera Italian pickled vegetables, drained and chopped, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar, 34 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 12 cup sliced pitted Cerignola olives black and green, 12 cup chopped jarred Peppadew peppers, 1 large head romaine lettuce, shredded, 2 ounces sliced mortadella, cut into thin strips, 2 ounces sliced prosciutto, cut into thin strips, 1 ounce sliced capicola, cut into thin strips, 1 ounce sliced Genoa salami or hot soppressata, cut into thin strips, 1 2ounce piece aged provolone, shaved with a vegetable peeler], title: Italian Sub Salad, picturelink: aMKCNDcCjYxkNoVw9Gbm8JT92f0EuGS}, 54014: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place 16 paper liners in muffin pans.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs 1 at a time, then add the vanilla, sour cream, and milk. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low speed add the flour mixture to the batter and beat until just mixed. Fold in the blueberries with a spatula and be sure the batter is completely mixed.nScoop the batter into the prepared muffin pans, filling each cup just over the top, and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until the muffins are lightly browned on top and a cake tester comes out clean., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 8 ounces about 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup milk, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 halfpints fresh blueberries, picked through for stems], title: Blueberry Coffee Cake Muffins, picturelink: oIKOhKfDUfWnX7qzwqRN2jhRNvET3Z.}, 54015: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the block of tofu into 4 equal portions. Place the slices on paper towels and fold the towels over in both directions to cover the tofu. Place a baking sheet on top of the tofu and weigh it down with a 28ounce can of tomatoes for 1 hour.nCombine the sherry vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, and hot pepper sauce and place the tofu into the marinade. Marinate for 15 minutes on each side.nPlace the flour into a shallow dish and the eggs into another. Lightly beat the eggs.nHeat the canola oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat.nRemove tofu from marinade and drain on paper towels to remove any excess marinade.nLightly dredge the tofu in the flour, knocking off any excess flour and slide into the eggs until completely, but thinly, coated on both sides.nSlide tofu gently into the hot oil and fry for 2 minutes until golden brown and delicious. Flip the tofu using the tongs, and cook for another 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 19ounce block firm tofu, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, Few dashes of hot pepper sauce, Canola oil to cover skillet by 18inch, 2 eggs, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: Fillet OFu, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 54016: {instructions: Season the yellowtail fillets with salt and pepper, then dust 1 side only with flour, shaking off any excess. In a mediumsized saute pan, heat the olive oil until just nearly smoking and add the yellowtail, flour side down. Sear the fish until golden brown, then flip over and continue cooking 1 minute. Add the white wine and cook 1 minute more. Remove from heat. Serve fillets in a pool of Passion Fruit Beurre Blanc. Garnish the top of each fillet with 1 teaspoon of toasted coconut and 3 slices of mango.nIn a small saucepan, saute the shallot in olive oil until slightly browned. Add the white wine and passion fruit. Over medium heat, reduce by 34. The liquid in the pan will begin to look thick and bubbly. Remove the pan from the heat and slowly whisk in the butter a little bit at a time, making sure all butter is whisked in before adding more. Season with salt and white pepper, to taste, then drain through a sieve and reserve the liquid in a warm part of the kitchen until needed., ingredients: [2 7ounce portions yellowtail snapper fillets, rinsed, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, Passion Fruit Beurre Blanc, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons toasted sweetened coconut, 6 slices mango, 1 small shallot, minced, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 14 cup dry white wine, 4 passion fruit or 12 cup passion fruit juice, 14 cup softened unsalted butter, Pinch salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Passion Yellowtail Snapper, picturelink: null}, 54017: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nIn a large saute pan over low heat, melt butter. Add flour and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, taking care not to brown the flour. Slowly add hot milk, using a wire whisk to stir. Cook the roux into the milk over low simmer for 3 to 4 minutes, until mixture has thickened. Add the salt, pepper and cayenne. Stir in the cheese and the green onions. Remove from the heat when the cheese has fully melted.nUsing a large baking dish or individual ramekins, pour the hot sauce into the dishes. Break the eggs, one at a time, into a small, shallow fruit dish and slide them, one at a time, into the sauce. Place in the oven and bake for 7 to 8 minutes or until the whites and yolks have begun to set. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 12 cup flour, 1 12 cups milk, scalded, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese, 12 cup thinly sliced green onion, 12 eggs], title: Cheddar Baked Eggs, picturelink: null}, 54018: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg, honey and vanilla and beat until combined. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until just incorporated the dough will be soft.nFill a cookie press with the dough according to the manufacturers instructions press out the cookies about 1 12 inches apart onto 2 ungreased baking sheets.nDecorate the cookies with coarse sugar andor nonpareils. Bake, switching the position of the pans halfway through, until the cookies are just golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool 2 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Coarse sugar andor nonpareils, for decorating optional], title: Honey Spritz Cookies, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 54019: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix sugar and cinnamon together. Lay puff pastry sheet on a work surface brush with melted butter and sprinkle with half the cinnamon sugar. Cut into 6 even pieces. Fan the pear slices over the puff pastry, using 12 a pear for each puff pastry square. Sprinkle tops of pear tarts with remaining cinnamon sugar mixture. Bake until pastry is golden and cooked through, about 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove from tart from oven, sprinkle with cheese and bake until cheese melts, 5 minutes more., ingredients: [14 cup raw sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 sheet puff pastry, thawed, 12 stick butter, melted, 2 15 14ounce cans pear halves, keeping stem end attached, cut into 14inch thick slices, 12 cup shredded Cheddar], title: Quick Pear Tart, picturelink: MU9O90a3gjEAH8TKF2ARjMAO8KdQRpK}, 54020: {instructions: Repeat process as above, replacing cucumber with watercress., ingredients: [1 small bunch watercress, stems removed, 6 slices white bread, Butter to taste], title: Watercress Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 54021: {instructions: Put the split peas, onions, ham hock, 10 cups 2 12 liters water and bay leaves in a pot. Sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Bring slowly to a boil, skim any foam that rises to the surface, then simmer until the peas are tender, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nRemove the ham bone, cut off the meat and dice small. Put the meat back in the soup, adding the carrots at the same time, and continue cooking until they are tender, about 20 minutes. Season the soup with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups200 g split peas, soaked in cold water for 1 hour 30 minutes, drained, 2 to 3 onions, chopped, 12 pound250 ham hock, 2 bay leaves, 6 medium carrots, scraped and cut into small dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Soupe aux Pois, picturelink: null}, 54022: {instructions: In a large saute pan, add the oil and shallots over medium heat and cook shallots until they are transparent and tender, about 5 minutes. Add the peas and warm through. Next add the heavy cream and Parmesan and continue to cook until all of the cheese has been incorporated. Adjust seasoning just before serving and, if you like, sprinkle with chopped fresh mint., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 large shallots, diced, 1 pound fresh frozen English green peas, defrosted, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup freshly chopped mint leaves, optional], title: Parmesan Peas, picturelink: null}, 54023: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. For the crust, grind the chocolate cookies and hazelnut with the sugar into a coarse crumb. Add the melted butter and combine. Press into the bottom of a 9inch spring form pan. Bake crust for 10 minutes until set and place on a rack to cool. Once the crust is cool, wrap the outside of the pan in a double layer of aluminum foil to seal it. To make the water bath for baking the cake, place the spring form pan in a roasting pan and fill the roasting pan with water until it reaches half way up the side of the spring form pan. For the Espresso Chocolate Cream, heat 12 cup cream and add cocoa, espresso and salt. Whisk until smooth, let cool and add remaining cream and rum. Beat the cream cheese in an electric mixer until smooth and fluffy. Add sugar and beat well. Mix in melted chocolate and, once incorporated, add espresso cream mixture. Mix thoroughly, making sure there are no clumps. Add eggs 1 at a time. Pour mixture into crust resting in the water bath. Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes and then turn off oven and leave cake in for another hour. Cool and chill, at least overnight., ingredients: [2 cups chocolate cookies, 1 cup hazelnuts, 1 stick butter, melted, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 cups of heavy cream, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons espresso powder you can use instant coffee, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds cream cheese, softened, 12 cup dark rum, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 pound chocolate melted  bittersweet chocolate should be cooled to warm, 4 eggs], title: Espresso Chocolate Cheesecake with Dark Rum, picturelink: null}, 54024: {instructions: In a skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. When the oil is warm, add the onion and saute until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saute 1 minute more. Stir in the beef, cumin, curry, chili powder, allspice, thyme, cinnamon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Saute, stirring often, until the beef has browned, about 10 minutes. Add the corn and the Cheddar and set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter with the sazon powder small pan over low heat. Stir well to combine and reserve. Working with 1 wrapper at a time, scoop 2 heaping tablespoons of the filling into the center of the wrapper. Brush the edges of the dough with beaten egg, then fold the dough over to form a half moon, pressing out the air with your fingertips. Use the tines of a fork to pinch and seal the edges, creating a border about 1inch wide. Repeat with remaining filling and wrappers. Transfer the patties to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Using a pastry brush, coat the tops of patties with the reserved sazon butter. Bake according to dough package instructions, or until puffed and lightly browned, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound ground beef, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, Pinch ground cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup frozen corn, defrosted, 12 cup shredded white Cheddar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon sazon seasoning, 12 storebought 6inch empanada wrappers, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Bay Ridge Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 54025: {}, 54026: {instructions: Heat the milk and almond milk in a saucepan over medium heat until almost simmering remove from the heat. Meanwhile, whisk the cornstarch, salt, sugar and egg in a medium heatproof bowl. Pour about half of the hot milk mixture into the bowl and whisk vigorously until smooth. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan and cook over medium heat, whisking vigorously, until thick and starting to bubble, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the vanilla. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and let cool, stirring occasionally. Cut the bananas into thin slices. Layer a few banana slices, a few pieces of graham cracker and 2 tablespoons of the prepared pudding in each of 4 glasses sprinkle with cocoa powder and almonds, then repeat to make 2 more layers. Cover with plastic wrap and chill 4 hours or overnight.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup 2 percent milk, 1 cup plain unsweetened almond milk, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Pinch of kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large bananas, 6 lowfat cinnamon graham crackers, broken into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder sweetened or unsweetened, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted], title: Banana Pudding, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 54027: {instructions: Mix 34 cup ketchup, 13 cup peanut butter, the juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon harissa or other chili paste and 14 teaspoon each coriander, smoked paprika, cinnamon and cayenne., ingredients: [], title: Spicy Peanut Ketchup, picturelink: vSUJFeb2j8FAJRySPJFPUCYXhtRiMy}, 54028: {instructions: For the Calabaza Fritters: Combine dry ingredients. Add egg and seltzer. Fold in onion and calabaza. Fry at 350 degrees F until golden.nFor the MangoSour Orange Sauce: Stir all ingredients together and serve as a dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup seltzer, 12 finely chopped Spanish onion, 1 cup diced calabaza, blanched, Oil, for frying, 1 mango, flesh pureed, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 1 jalapeno, minced, 1 sour orange, juiced or 1 lime, juiced, Salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste], title: Calabaza Fritters with MangoSour Orange Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54029: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWrap the beets in aluminum foil and roast in the oven until the beets are tender and a paring knife inserted in the center is met with no resistance, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Once cooked, set aside until they are cool enough to handle. Then, using a paper towel, rub the skin off the beets and then cut into moons or dice.nMix the goat cheese with the rosemary and thyme until combined and set aside.nGather up the rest of the ingredients and have them at the ready before you grill your bread.nPreheat a castiron grill pan, or a grill, to mediumhigh heat. Turn the dough out onto a floured work surface and stretch and press with your hands to form a thin, rectangular shape. If you need to, pick up the dough and let the natural weight of the dough stretch itself out. It doesnt need to be perfect, matter of fact it is better when its not. Once you have the dough in the shape you like, brush one side of the dough with olive oil and lay that side down flat onto the preheated grill. Cook the dough until it is charred and has a crisp texture, about 5 minutes, brush the other side with some oil and then flip the dough and char the second side. Once the bread is charred and cooked, remove it from the grill and assemble the flatbread.nSpread the herbed goat cheese onto the flatbread. Toss the arugula with some lemon juice, olive oil, salt and pepper and then place it on the flatbread. Top with sliced beets and crispy bacon and another drizzle of olive oil. Cut the flatbread and serve.nIn a liquid measuring cup, combine the warm water, yeast and sugar. Allow the yeast to dissolve and bloom, about 5 minutes. Once bloomed, add the olive oil.nMeanwhile, in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour and salt. Stream in the wateryeast mixture and as the dough begins to come together, switch to a dough hook attachment. Allow the dough to knead, adding a bit more flour if needed, so that the dough releases from the sides of the bowl, 1 to 3 minutes. You should be able to touch the dough and not have the dough stick to your fingers. Once the dough has kneaded and has pulled away from the sides of the bowl, remove the dough from bowl to a floured work surface and, with floured hands, continue to knead it by hand for 1 to 2 minutes. Then form the dough into a round ball and place it into a large bowl sprayed with nonstick spray. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap or a clean dish towel and let the dough rise in a warm area of your kitchen until it doubles in size, 1 12 to 2 hours. After the dough has risen it is ready to be cooked however youd likenSugar is used to feed the yeast which will help the dough to grow. Bread flour will give you a chewier texture because the flour has more gluten. You dont need to use a thermometer to get the water temperature, it should just feel warm to the touch., ingredients: [1 red beet or 2 to 3 baby beets, 1 yellow beet or 2 to 3 baby beets, 12 cup goat cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 14 recipe Simple Pizza Dough, recipe follows, Flour, Olive oil, for brushing, 14 cup arugula, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 pound bacon 4 slices, cooked crisp, 1 34 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 1 envelope active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons salt, Nonstick spray], title: Beet, Bacon and Herbed Goat Cheese Flatbread, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 54030: {instructions: Cut the chicken thighs into 12wide long strips and place into a large resealable bag. In a bowl, whisk together the chili sauce, pineapple juice, soy sauce, and garlic. Pour the marinade into the bag over the sliced chicken. Seal the bag and toss to coat completely. Place the bag into a large bowl and put into the refrigerator to marinate for at least 1 hour or as long as overnight.nTo serve: Preheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Thread the chicken strips onto the skewers. Oil the grill gates and place the chicken on the grill. Cook until the chicken is just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, or 8 thighs each cut into 3 pieces, 12 cup sweet chili sauce, 12 cup pineapple juice, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, Oil, for grill, Special equipment: 24 bamboo skewers, soaked in water 20 minutes], title: Sweet Red Chili Chicken Satay, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 54031: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 54032: {instructions: Prepare a fryer or large stock pot filled 13 with oil at 375 degrees. First, blanch the taro, sweet potatoes and potatoes in the fryer for about 6 minutes until they are soft and slightly tan. Drain on paper towels and set aside. In a mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, white pepper, oil and sesame seeds. Slowly add the beer while whisking. The batter should resemble pancake batter. Dip each piece of fish in the batter and gently drop in the fryer. Fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Take out with spider or tongs and drain on paper towels. Immediately season with fleur de sel. Turn fryer up to 450 degrees and fry the fish a second time, until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with seasoned salt.nIn a food processor, add the yolks and garlic and puree at high speed. Slowly drizzle in the oil until in comes together emulsifies. Then add the oil a little quicker until you have a thick mayonnaise. Add the 2 vinegars and season. The aioli will be much lighter and thinner once the vinegars are added. Fold in the chives.nPlating: Using an Asian newspaper lined with parchment, roll a large cone and fill with fries. Top off with fish and serve the aioli on the side in a small decorative dish. Garnish with chives.nBeverage: Very cold English Bitter, ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 large taro, peeled, julienned French fries, soaking in ice water, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled, julienned French fries, soaking in ice water, 2 large baking potatoes, like russets, julienned French fries, soaking in ice water, 2 cups rice flour, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon sesame seed oil, 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds, 2 bottles very cold English Bitter, 2 pounds cod fillet, cut into long 23 ounce pieces, Fleur de sel, for seasoning, 2 egg yolks, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 cups canola oil, 14 cup Chinese vinegar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 14 cup chopped chives, save a little for garnish, Seasoned salt 3 parts salt, 1 part ground toasted cumin, 1 part ground toasted coriander, 12 part ground Thai bird chiles], title: Fish and Chips with Chinese Black Vinegar Aioli, picturelink: null}, 54033: {instructions: For the short ribs: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large casserole heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Season the meat with salt and pepper and brown on all sides. Remove the short ribs and set aside. Add the onion, carrot, paprika, caraway, and thyme to the pan and cook until softened, about 10 minutes. Pour in the honey, red wine, and stock and bring it to a boil. Return the meat to the pan the liquid should just about cover the meat. Place the pot in the oven and put on the lid loosely to allow the steam to escape and the sauce to thicken. Cook until the meat is very tender, 2 12 to 3 hours. Place the meat on a platter and keep it warm. If necessary, cook the liquid over high heat until it is thick and syrupy. Remove from the heat and return the meat to the pan while you make the scallops.nFor the scallops: In a saucepan over high heat, add the chicken broth, cream, orange zest, and saffron, if using. Cook until the liquid is reduced and thick, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, pat the scallops dry with paper towels. Season them well with salt and pepper. Put a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add 3 tablespoons olive oil. Sear the scallops without moving them for 1 to 2 minutes. When nicely browned, turn them over and sear them on the other side. Remove the scallops and set aside. Pour out any excess oil and add the cream mixture to the pan. Let this reduce over high heat for about 2 minutes. Return the scallops to the pan and cook until they are heated through, about 1 more minute.nServe the sticky short ribs topped with the creamy scallops garnish with watercress., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds short ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 carrots, chopped, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 12 cup honey, 1 cup dry red wine, 2 cups beef stock, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 orange, zest finely grated, Pinch saffron, optional, 1 pound diver scallops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Fresh watercress, for garnish], title: Sticky Braised Short Ribs and Seared Scallops with Orange Saffron Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54034: {instructions: For the cauliflower: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and butter to melt. Once melted, add the cauliflower florets, a nice sprinkle of salt and cook until golden on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Give a good toss and let cook for 3 more minutes. Repeat tosses until most of the cauliflower is coated with the butter and golden on parts, about 4 tosses or so. Cauliflower should still be crunchy at this point, but tender enough to eat a smaller floret. Go ahead, take a bite Then, pour the rest of the florets into a large bowl and quickly cover tightly with plastic wrap. Cook in batches if the florets wont fit into one pan.nWhile the cauliflower continues to steam in the bowl, make the sauce. In the same pan over medium heat, add the butter. Once the butter is melted, add the onions, curry powder, turmeric and season with salt. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes, and then add the garlic and cook a bit more. Once the garlic is fragrant, add the chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Cook until the stock is reduced by half, and then add the heavy cream and raise to a simmer. Cook until the sauce is reduced and thickened. With a slotted spoon, remove the cauliflower from the bowl and add to the pot. Raise the heat and simmer 5 minutes more. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, rinsed and broken down into florets, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 teaspoons yellow curry powder, 12 teaspoon turmeric, Salt, 3 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp, 1 cup chicken stock, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Cauliflower in Curry Cream Sauce, picturelink: POSDtI.sZWdcx35V6r6LxrxdRAgOPNO}, 54035: {instructions: Bring the beer to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the shrimp, stir, and cook for 2 minutes, or until they just turn pink. Remove from the heat and let the shrimp cool in the beer, stirring or turning often they will continue to cook in the hot liquid. Once they are cool, remove the shrimp from the beer, using a slotted spoon. Peel and devein the shrimp return them to the beer and stir for 1 minute to remove any remaining grit. Transfer the shrimp to a bowl. The beer can be strained and added to shrimp or fish stock. The shrimp can be prepared up to 1 day in advance and refrigerated. Heat the oil in a small saucepan. Add the soy sauce, lime juice, Tabasco, tomato and gingerroot. Cook over high heat, stirring, for 2 minutes, to heat through. Remove from the heat and let cool. Spoon the cooled sauce over the shrimp and toss to combine. Add the cilantro, mint or chives. Season to taste with salt and pepper and toss again. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 12ounce bottle beer, any type, 1 pound large shrimp, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Tabasco sauce, 1 medium tomato, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 teaspoon peeled, grated gingerroot, 1 tablespoon shopped fresh cilantro leaves, mint or chives, Coarse or kosher salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Cold Beer Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 54036: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix BBQ seasoning, crab boil seasoning, soy sauce, beaten egg, 1 cup of the BBQ sauce and Worcestershire sauce.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add olive oil. Add onion, bell pepper, salt and pepper and garlic. Saute until tender. Remove from heat and add to wet mix.nPour mixture into bowl with the ground turkey. Add bread crumbs and mix all together with your hands.nTransfer the meat mixture to a cookie sheet or baking pan. Using your hands, shape the meat into an oblong or rectangular shape. Cooks Note: Alternately, you can pat the meat into a 9 by 5inch loaf pan and pour 12 cup of BBQ sauce on the top of the loaf.nBake for 35 minutes. Remove and add the reserved 12 cup of BBQ sauce to the top and continue to bake for 20 more minutes.nAdd all ingredients to a bowl and stir until combined. Keep in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nIn a large saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to a simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Neelys BBQ Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning, recommended: Old Bay, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups Neelys BBQ Sauce, reserving 12 cup for the top, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped red onion, 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 pounds lean ground turkey, 1 12 cups bread crumbs, 1 12 cups paprika, 34 cup sugar, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: BBQ Turkey Meatloaf, picturelink: BUa6PeanITRpOKAyN84gIP1XFGG6}, 54037: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the ice cream, milk, bourbon, cane syrup, honey, cookies, pecans and salt in a bar blender and process to make a shake., ingredients: [12 pint 1 cup vanilla ice cream, 12 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons 1 ounce bourbon, 2 teaspoons cane syrup or molasses, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 cup crumbled shortbread cookies, 2 tablespoons toasted pecan halves, Pinch salt], title: Bourbon Pecan Pie Milk Shake, picturelink: Z6nR3wmE4RXzVxhXcTCXYvPnQzKNNu}, 54038: {instructions: Put the chard in a bowl. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil and the bread cubes and season with salt and pepper. Cook, tossing, until toasted, 4 to 5 minutes. Add to the chard.nAdd the anchovies to the skillet, mashing them with a whisk. Add the garlic and 2 tablespoons olive oil and cook until the garlic is golden, about 45 seconds. Add the tomatoes and warm slightly, then whisk in the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Pour the warm dressing over the chard, toss and set aside to wilt.nWipe out the skillet and place over high heat. Sprinkle the steak on both sides with the mint, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet. Sear the steak until browned on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Turn and cook until browned on the other side, 3 to 4 more minutes for mediumrare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nAdd the feta to the chard salad and toss. Thinly slice the steak and serve with the chard salad., ingredients: [1 bunch Swiss chard, stems removed, leaves thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups large crusty bread cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 to 4 anchovies, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 12 pounds boneless beef sirloin steak, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Seared Steak With Chard Salad, picturelink: aqM.PkVxKjUd6iKikohNYSAm9AzlW5e}, 54039: {instructions: Mix turkey or ham, cheese, and onion. Add salt, pepper, and garlic, to taste, and set mixture aside.nMix eggs and milk together. Beat well and set aside.nMix cornmeal, flour, fajita seasoning, and 1 teaspoon of salt together. Set aside.nSlit the chiles down the side just enough to remove the seeds and stuff with meat mixture. Roll chile in plain flour. Next, dip chile in egg and milk mixture then roll the chile in cornmeal and flour mixture. Repeat dipping chile in milk and egg mixture, then roll again in cornmeal and flour mixture. Fry chiles in oil over medium heat in pan on stovetop until golden brown., ingredients: [3 cups smoked turkey or ham, ground, 1 12 cups Colby, Jack or mozzarella, grated, 1 small onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons fajita seasoning, 12 green chiles, roasted and peeled], title: Junes Chile Rellenos, picturelink: null}, 54040: {instructions: Halve the squash. Heat the extravirgin olive oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the squash 5 minutes then add the onions and tomatoes, season the vegetables with salt and pepper and cook 5 to 7 minutes more until the tomatoes begin to burst and the onions are warmed through. Toss the herbs with the vegetables and transfer to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 pound assorted mini squash  patty pans andor baby zucchini, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup frozen pearl onions, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Sauteed Mini Vegetable Medley, picturelink: bOPSlcikQMf4KtikExQ877ZVEE6tpPa}, 54041: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a heavy small skillet over medium heat. Add the anchovies and stir until they dissolve, about 3 minutes. Stir in the herbs, garlic, lemon zest, and crushed red pepper.nArrange the bread slices on a large baking sheet. Brush with the anchovy mixture. Sprinkle with the cheese. Bake until the cheese melts and the bread is golden, about 10 minutes. Cut the bread slices in halves and serve., ingredients: [14 cup 12 stick butter, 4 anchovy fillets, drained, chopped, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon minced lemon zest, 14 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes, 12 2 by 13inch thick slices rustic crusty white bread, 1 cup grated Provolone], title: Cheese Crostini with Anchovy Herb Butter, picturelink: null}, 54042: {instructions: Heat your grill to high.nPlace the shrimp in a large bowl. Toss the shrimp with the oil and season with the salt and pepper.nPlace the shrimp on the grates of the grill in an even layer and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Turn the shrimp over and continue grilling until just cooked through, 45 seconds to 1 minute longer. Remove the shrimp to a platter., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp 21 to 24, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfectly Grilled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 54043: {instructions: Bring 3 quarts of water to a boil, add the noodles, and cook about 5 to 6 minutes, or until neartender, drain in a colander, rinse lightly to remove the starch, and drain again thoroughly in a colander. Arrange the cooked noodles in the bottom of a large serving bowl.nArrange the carrots, bean sprouts, and minced scallion greens in separate concentric circles on top of the noodles. Spoon the Spicy Sesame Dressing on top or serve on the side.nSpicy Sesame Dressing: Drop the seasonings of the Spicy Sesame Dressing in descending order into the feed tube of a food processor fitted with a steel blade while the machine is running. Mix together to a smooth sauce it should be the consistency of heavy cream., ingredients: [12 pound thin egg noodles such as angel hair or spaghettini, 3 cups grated carrots, 2 cups bean sprouts, rinsed and drained, 2 cups minced scallion greens, 8 cloves garlic, 2 oneinch square knobs fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper or dried chile flakes, 6 tablespoons Chinese toasted sesame paste, mixed well before adding Available at Asian markets. You cannot substitute tahini paste., 4 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 5 tablespoons soy sauce, 14 cup rice wine or sake, 1 12 tablespoons Chinese black vinegar or Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons chicken broth or water], title: Dan Dan Sesame Noodles, picturelink: null}, 54044: {instructions: Combine soy sauce, garlic, and sugar in oven pan. Add ribs and toss. Pour entire contents of oven pan into a doublebagged garbage bag. White garbage bags are preferred. Tie bag very tight. Let ribs marinade overnight in refrigerator. Flip bag in refrigerator a couple of times over 12 hour period. Preheat broiler. Place ribs in broiling pan with slotted top so drippings will fall through. Broil for approximately 45 minutes, turning ribs every 15 minutes. Use a fat separating measuring cup to separate fat from drippings from broiling pan if a sauce is desired., ingredients: [Soy sauce Enough to cover ribs, 1 head of garlic minced, 13 cup sugar, 5 racks of spare ribs], title: Al Frankens Spare Ribs, picturelink: null}, 54045: {instructions: Prepare the tomatoes and bell peppers, working over a bowl to catch all the juices. Cut or tear the peppers into long strips. Strain all the juices into a large nonreactive saucepan. Add the chili. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce the heat to medium, and simmer until the juices reduce to a heavy syrup and the chili is very soft, about 10 minutes. Scoop out the chili, seed if desired, and mince. Add the peppers and tomatoes to the saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to medium and simmer for 20 minutes. Stir in the chili and salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm or let cool to room temperature.nPrepare the grill and let it burn down to medium coals. Season the flank steak with salt, pepper, 1 tsp. of the oregano, and brush with 1 Tbs. of the olive oil. Grill, turning once, until done to your taste, about 10 minutes for rare meat. Transfer to a cutting board, drizzle with another 1 Tbs. of olive oil, and crumble the remaining 12tsp. oregano over the top. Let rest for about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, brush the bread on both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the bread on both sides until brown and crunchy on the outside but still soft within. Carve the meat on the diagonal into thin slices and arrange on a platter or plates. Top each slice of grilled bread with about 14cup of the roasted peppers in sauce and arrange next to the meat. Reserve any remaining peppers for another use.nGather all the meat juices make an effort to scrape the meat juices off the carving board, too into a small bowl and whisk in the vinegar and the remaining 1 Tbs. olive oil. Drizzle over each portion. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups peeled, seeded, and chopped vineripened tomatoes, 2 cups roasted, peeled, and seeded red and yellow bell peppers, 1 jalapeno or serrano chili, Salt and cracked black pepper, 1 flank steak, about 1 lb., 112 tsp. dried oregano, 3 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing on bread, 4 large slices bread, cut from a good, crusty loaf, 1 tsp. balsamic vinegar], title: Grilled Flank Steak with Roasted Peppers in Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54046: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and Stilton together for 1 minute, or until smooth. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour, salt and pepper and mix until its in large crumbles, about 1 minute. Add 1 tablespoon of water and mix until combined.nDump the dough onto a floured board, press it into a ball, and roll into a 12inch long log. Brush the log completely with the egg wash. Spread the walnuts in a square on a cutting board and roll the log back and forth in the walnuts, pressing lightly, and distributing them evenly on the outside of the log. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or for up to 4 days.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the log 38thsinch thick with a small, sharp knife and place the crackers on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Bake for 22 minutes until very lightly browned. Rotate the pan once during baking. Cool and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter at room temperature, 8 ounces Stilton cheese, crumbled about 12 ounces with rind, at room temperature, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 extralarge egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water for egg wash, 12 cup roughly chopped walnuts], title: Blue Cheese and Walnut Crackers, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 54047: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add the onions and saute until soft, about 1 minute. Add the zucchini and saute, stirring, until golden and soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 red onion, chopped, 6 small zucchini very young zucchini with few seeds, sliced into halfmoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Zucchine Trifolati, picturelink: null}, 54048: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the potatoes to a large sheet tray and toss them with the garlic, olive oil, rosemary, red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste. Roast for 35 minutes until golden and crisp, stirring once halfway through cooking process. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds baby red potatoes, well washed and scrubbed, 8 large garlic cloves, peeled, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped rosemary leaves, Pinch red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rosemary Garlic Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: rLuSGc0XSwBU2pCMnW8QtgPHisHzg8i}, 54049: {instructions: Make the stuffed shells: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta shells and cook until just slightly softened but still firm, about 7 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Drizzle with olive oil and toss set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the sausage and cook, breaking it up with a wooden spoon, until browned, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and stir until heated through, about 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely.nCombine the spinach mixture, ricotta, 1 cup mozzarella, the parmesan, parsley and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl. Stuff each shell with about 2 tablespoons of the filling set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Make the cheese sauce: Melt the butter with the garlic in a medium saucepan over medium heat. When the butter begins to foam, add the flour and whisk constantly until lightly golden, about 1 minute. Add the milk and cream, bring to a simmer and cook, whisking constantly, until the sauce is thick enough to coat a spoon, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the parmesan, 14 teaspoon salt, and nutmeg to taste.nBrush a 9by13inch baking dish with olive oil and pour in about twothirds of the cheese sauce. Add the stuffed shells and top with the remaining cheese sauce. Cover with aluminum foil and bake 20 minutes. Uncover and top with the marinara sauce and the remaining 1 cup mozzarella continue baking until the sauce is bubbly, 15 to 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces 20 to 24 jumbo pasta shells, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling and brushing, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 1 10ounce package frozen spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, Freshly ground pepper, 1 15ounce container ricotta cheese, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, Kosher salt, Freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup jarred marinara sauce], title: SausageSpinach Stuffed Shells, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}, 54050: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, warm 3 tablespoons of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the couscous and cook until toasted and lightly browned, stirring often, about 5 minutes. Carefully add the stock, and the juice of 1 lemon, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the couscous is tender, but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the couscous.nIn a large bowl, toss the cooked couscous with the remaining olive oil, remaining lemon juice, zest, salt, and pepper and let cool.nOnce the couscous is room temperature, add the fresh herbs, dried cranberries, and almonds. Toss to combine and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 14 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 1pound box Israeli couscous or any small pasta, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 lemon, zested, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted], title: Mediterranean Salad, picturelink: 0WxRnXz1ZisOSGVco2LNiZlj5ba2Npa}, 54051: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook, turning, until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onion, garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until the onion is soft, about 3 minutes.nStir in the orange juice concentrate, kale and 3 cups water. Add the tomatoes and break them into chunks with a spoon. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until thickened, about 30 minutes.nAdd the beans and clams. Return to a boil over high heat, cover and cook until the clams open, 10 to 12 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and serve with bread.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces hot Italian sausage, thinly sliced, 1 small onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 6ounce can 34 cup frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 12 bunch kale, trimmed and roughly chopped, 1 28ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, 1 14ounce can white beans, drained and rinsed, 16 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 1 to 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Sausage and Clam Soup, picturelink: L3uNYYZUM.mkoVf4DX3jBfgXeZORq}, 54052: {instructions: Place the lime, mint and Thai basil in a cocktail shaker and muddle well. Add Ginger Simple Syrup, club soda, and rum and shake well.nRim a glass with fine sugar and fill with ice. Pour drink over ice. Float coconut milk on top of the drink.nCombine all ingredients in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool. Once cool, strain out the ginger., ingredients: [2 lime wedges, 6 mint leaves, 4 Thai basil leaves, 1 tablespoon Ginger Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1ounce club soda, 1ounce white rum, Fine sugar, Ice, Coconut milk, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 2inch piece ginger, thickly sliced], title: Bobbys Signature Mojito, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 54053: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease the dish. Melt the butter in a mediumsize saucepan or in a bowl in a microwave oven. Let cool. Wash and drain the blueberries spread them out on paper towels to dry, removing any bits of leaf or stalk. Put the flour, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Stir to mix well. Add the milk, sugar, and eggs to butter. Whisk to blend well. Add to the flour mixture, stirring to blend well. Fold in the blueberries. Spread the batter in the prepared dish. Sprinkle with the sugarnutmeg topping. Bake until a wooden pick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Place the dish on a wire rack to cool at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra butter for greasing baking dish, 3 cups 1 dry pint blueberries, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup milk, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons sugar mixed with 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 8 or 9inch square glass baking dish], title: LoadsofBlueberries Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 54054: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the russet and sweet potatoes directly on the oven rack and bake 30 minutes. Pierce each potato a few times with a fork and continue to bake until tender, 15 to 20 more minutes for the sweet potato and 20 to 25 more minutes for the russet potatoes. Let cool slightly.nPeel the sweet potato. Transfer to a bowl and mash lightly with a fork until almost smooth. Trim a thin slice off the top of each russet potato, cutting lengthwise. Scoop most of the flesh into another bowl, leaving the shells intact. Add the sour cream and butter to the bowl and mash with a fork. Stir in the scallions, 12 cup cheese, the nutmeg, 1 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Gently fold in the sweet potato.nBrush the potato skins with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Generously fill with the marbled potato mixture and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup cheese.nReduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Place the stuffed potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until the cheese melts, 25 to 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [4 large russet potatoes, 1 large sweet potato, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 34 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing], title: Marbled Stuffed Potatoes, picturelink: olnoxf4bOJ9FJbVolZpxNoRM5o1GOoe}, 54055: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace spinach in a bowl. Add the Balsamic Dressing and the tomatoes and toss. Top with the egg, canadian bacon and parsley leaves. Serve with the pita pieces.nIn a bowl, whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, and mustard. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups spinach leaves, cleaned, 1 12 tablespoons Balsamic Dressing, recipe follows, 12 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, 1 hard boiled egg, chopped, 2 slices Canadian bacon, cooked in a grill pan and sliced into ribbons, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 wholewheat pita, toasted and cut into quarters, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: All Day Breakfast Salad, picturelink: RAzHuFoLVvutZ4Y8IKkOaCYaLzAv4ca}, 54056: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the salsa: Heat the olive oil in a small pot, and then add the chiles and fry until bright orange, about 10 seconds, tossing continuously to avoid burning. Immediately remove from the oil. Transfer to a blender with the tomatoes, vinegar, 14 cup water, the garlic and tomatillo. Blend until smooth.nPour the blended salsa into a small pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Season with salt.nFor the crema: Combine the yogurt, lime juice and salt in a bowl. This may be thinned with water if necessary.nFor assembly: Heat the chips in the oven for about 2 minutes, and then toss together with the hot salsa in a large stainlesssteel bowl until completely covered. Cover the chips with the cotija cheese, onions and cilantro. Garnish on the side with the crema and lime wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 13 cup chiles de arbol, 3 cups organic canned diced tomatoes, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 small clove garlic, 1 small fresh tomatillo, Salt, 2 cups Greek kefir yogurt, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds salted corn tortilla chips, 2 cups grated cotija cheese, 1 cup small dice white onions, 1 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 8 lime wedges], title: Totopos con Chile, picturelink: null}, 54057: {instructions: Add 2 tablespoons of butter and the oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Add the cooked spaetzle and saute until slightly browned, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the pan to a serving platter and set aside while you cook the mushrooms. Set the skillet back over high heat and add a little more olive oil and remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the thyme, mushrooms and garlic and saute until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the cream and mustard and stir well. Reduce the mixture until the sauce is nice and thick, about 3 minutes. Fold in the spaetzle. Transfer to a serving bowl, garnish with chives and serve alongside the pork schnitzel, if desired.nSpaetzle:nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. In another mixing bowl, whisk the eggs and milk together. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the eggmilk mixture. Gradually draw in the flour from the sides and combine well the dough should be smooth and thick. Let the dough rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nBring 3 quarts of salted water to a boil in a large pot, over medium heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer. To form the spaetzle, hold a large holed colander or slotted spoon over the simmering water and push the dough through the holes with a spatula or spoon. Do this in batches so you dont overcrowd the pot. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until the spaetzle floats to the surface, stirring gently to prevent sticking. Drain the spaetzle in a colander and give it a quick rinse with cool water. This can be made up to 1 hour in advance., ingredients: [Spaetzle, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more, 2 sprigs thyme, 1 12 pounds button mushrooms, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 2 tablespoons minced chives, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 large eggs, 14 cup milk], title: Mushroom and Mustard Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 54058: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or grill pan. Brush the cut sides of the nectarines with oil and place on the grill, cutside down. Grill until caramelized. Turn over and grill until almost soft, about 1 to 2 minutes more.nTransfer the nectarines to a platter, cutside up, and place a dollop of cheese in the center of each. Drizzle with honey and grind fresh pepper, to taste, over the top. Garnish with the mint and serve., ingredients: [6 firmripe nectarines, halved and pitted, Vegetable oil, as needed, Maytag blue cheese or mascarpone, as needed, Honey, preferably wildflower, as needed, Fresh coarseground black pepper, Fresh mint leaves or sprigs, for garnish], title: Grilled Nectarines with Blue Cheese, Farm Stand Honey, and Black Pepper, picturelink: null}, 54059: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Lightly grease and flour a 9 by 13inch baking pan and set aside. Sift flour with salt, baking soda, baking powder and set aside.nMelt butter in a large sauce pan over low heat. Add the brown sugar, remove it from the heat and stir until completely blended let cool to room temperature. Add eggs one at a time stirring well after each addition. Stir in the vanilla.nTransfer the mixture to a large mixing bowl. With a rubber spatula, fold the sifted flour into the batter with a few smooth swift strokes and stir just until batter is blended and smooth. Do not over mix or the blondies will be heavy. Stir in the chips and nuts and pour into a prepared pan. With a spatula, spread the batter to make sure it is even in thickness. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes until the top springs back when you press it lightly with your fingertips or when a toothpick, when inserted in the center of the dough comes out clean.nRemove the blondies from the oven and let them set until completely cool. Cut into rectangles and wrap individually in plastic or foil to keep them very fresh., ingredients: [3 cups, plus 3 tablespoons flour, sifted after measuring, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 2 cups, plus 10 tablespoons, packed, dark brown sugar, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups peanut butter chips, 1 cup toasted pecans], title: Gooey Blondies, picturelink: null}, 54060: {instructions: In a food processor, puree the garlic, carrots, celery and onions into a coarse paste. Reserve.nCoat a large, wide pot with olive oil and bring to a high heat. Sprinkle the boar generously with salt and add to the hot pan. Cook the boar until it is VERY brown on all sides. Remove the boar from the pan and reserve.nDitch the excess oil in the pan. Add a few drops of new oil and add the pureed veggies to the pan. Season them with salt, and brown them until crud forms on the bottom of the pan. Scrape the crud off the bottom of the pan dont let the crud burn it adds A LOT of flavor.nReturn the browned boar to the pan and add the tomato paste and cocoa powder. Stir to combine and cook the tomato paste for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring frequently. Toss in the chopped juniper berries.nAdd the wine and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and let the wine reduce by half.nAdd water to the pan so it covers the boar by about 1inch. Toss in the bay leaves and thyme bundle. Taste the liquid and season with salt if needed it will. Bring the liquid to a boil, reduce to a simmer and let cook for 3 hours, adding water as the liquid level reduces. Taste frequently and reseason as needed.nDuring the last 30 minutes of cooking time, let the cooking liquid reduce and the sauce get thick.nAlso during the last 30 minutes of cooking, bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat to cook the pappardelle. Pasta water should ALWAYS be well salted. Salty as the ocean TASTE IT If your pasta water is under seasoned, it doesnt matter how good your sauce is, your complete dish will always taste under seasoned. When the water is at a rolling boil add the pappardelle and cook until al dente. Reserve 12 cup of the pasta cooking water.nWhile the pasta is cooking, remove 12 of the ragu from the pot and reserve.nDrain the pasta and add to the pot with the remaining ragu. Stir or toss the pasta to coat with the sauce. Add some of the reserved sauce if needed to make it about an even ratio between pasta and sauce. Add the reserved pasta cooking water and cook the pasta and sauce together over a medium heat until the water has reduced. Turn off the heat and give a generous drizzle of the big fat finishing olive oil. Toss or stir vigorously. Divide the pasta and sauce into serving bowls or one big pasta bowl. Top with grated Parmigiano. Serve immediately.nWine Pairing Suggestion: ChiantinPlace the flour on a clean, dry work surface. Make a hole this is also called a well in the center of the flour pile that is about 8 inches wide bigger is definitely better here. Crack all of the eggs and the yolk into the hole and add the olive oil, salt and 1 to 2 tablespoons water.nUsing a fork, beat the eggs together with the olive oil, water or more if needed and salt. Using the fork, begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture, be careful not to break the sides of the well or the egg mixture will run all over your board and you will have a big mess Also, dont worry about the lumps. When enough flour has incorporated into the egg mixture that it will not run all over the place when the sides of the well are broken, begin to use your hands to really get everything well combined. If the mixture is tight and dry, wet your hands and begin kneading with wet hands. When the mixture has really come together to a homogeneous mixture, THEN you can start kneading.nWhen kneading it is VERY important to put your body weight into it, get on top of the dough to really stretch it and not to tear the dough. Using the heels of your palms, roll the dough to create a very smooooooth, supple dough. When done, the dough should look VERY smooth and feel almost velvety. Kneading will usually take from 8 to 10 minutes for an experienced kneader and 10 to 15 for an inexperienced kneader. Put your body weight into it, you need to knead This is where the perfect, toothsome texture of your pasta is formed. Get in there and have funnWhen the pasta has been kneaded to the perfect consistency, wrap it in plastic and let rest for at least 1 hour. If using immediately, do not refrigerate.nTo roll the pasta: Cut off 13 of the pasta dough, reserve the rest and keep it covered.nSquash the pasta with the heels of your hands to facilitate it going through the pasta roller. Dust with flour. Put the pasta through the roller set on number one. Roll the dough through 2 times, dusting it with flour if it feels sticky or tacky.nFold the pasta into thirds and put it through the machine on number one again.nChange the setting on the pasta roller to number two and run the pasta through. Continue to roll the pasta through the machine, changing the setting each time to a larger number this will make the opening on the pasta machine smaller. When you get to the desired thinness I recommend number six, cut the pasta into 10inch lengths. Flour the dough generously and stack them in a pile. Cover the stack with plastic or a clean tea towel and proceed rolling the rest of the pasta.nWhen the pasta is all rolled, take 3 sheets of pasta and fold both ends of the pasta over each other until they meet in the middle.nUsing a sharp knife, cut the pasta rolls into 1inch widths. Unroll the pasta ribbons and dust with semolina and reserve on sheet trays., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 celery ribs, coarsely chopped, 2 onions, coarsely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 boneless wild boar shoulder, cut into12inch chunks about 3 pounds, Kosher salt, 1 cup tomato paste, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 8 juniper berries, finely chopped, 2 cups red wine, 5 bay leaves, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 1 recipe Chef Annes Pappardelle, recipe follows, Grated Parmigiano, for sprinkling, Big fat finishing olive oil, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 4 whole eggs, plus 1 yolk, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Pappardelle with Wild Boar Ragu, picturelink: 8fyXB8nGczv5jr6wV86m0GrXNbjFnE2}, 54061: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 wellseasoned castiron corn stick pans, each with 7 5by 1 12inch mold, or a wellseasoned 9inch cast iron skillet.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees. Heat pans in middle of oven 10 minutes. Whisk together cornmeal, sugar, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together buttermilk and egg in another bowl and add cornmeal mixture with cheddar, scallion, jalapenos, and 2 tablespoons butter, stirring, until just combined. Remove pans from oven and divide remaining 2 tablespoons butter among corn stick molds. Quickly divide batter among molds about 3 tablespoons each and bake until a tester comes out clean and tops are golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool corn sticks in pans 3 to 5 minutes before removing from molds. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 1 large egg, 4 ounces coarsely grated extrasharp cheddar 1 cup, 14 cup finely chopped scallion white and pale green parts only, 1 to 2 tablespoons finely chopped drained pickled jalapenos, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: CheddarJalapeno Corn Sticks, picturelink: null}, 54062: {instructions: In a large bowl combine all of the dried fruit and add enough cold water to cover by an inch. Soak for 2 hours. Drain the mixture. In a saucepan combine the fruit with the sugar, the lemon and orange zests, the lemon juice, and the water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer the mixture for 10 to 20 minutes, or until the fruit is tender. Remove the pan from the heat and let the compote cool. The compote will keep for a week if covered and chilled. Serve the compote at room temperature., ingredients: [14 pound chopped dried apples, 14 pound chopped dried pears, 14 pound raisins, 14 pound dried cranberries or cherries, 12 pound dried apricots, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 2 cups water], title: Dried Fruit Compote, picturelink: null}, 54063: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 11inchround baking dish and spread the cherries evenly over the bottom.nWhisk the eggs, halfandhalf, cottage cheese, 12 cup granulated sugar and the flour in a bowl until combined. Pour the batter over the cherries, sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and scatter the sliced butter on top.nBake until puffed and golden around the edges, about 40 minutes. Cool slightly, then dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, thinly sliced, plus more for the dish, 1 pound 2 cups fresh cherries, pitted or one 10ounce bag frozen cherries, thawed and patted dry, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup 4 cottage cheese, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Cherry Clafoutis, picturelink: uMYyvNI8aHRKy0.lABiFYpe1noSxXxC}, 54064: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPork: In a large, heavy skillet, heat the olive oil over high heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper, to taste, and sprinkle with the red pepper flakes. Add the pork to the pan and cook until cooked through. for about 5 to 6 minutes on each side, or Remove the pork from the pan, cover loosely with foil, and set aside.nGlaze: In a small saucepan, bring the vinegar, honey, garlic, scallions, and rosemary to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the honey has dissolved. Simmer for 9 minutes, or until slightly reduced. Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the butter until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nArrange the pork chops on a platter and drizzle with the glaze., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, plus extra as needed, 4 8ounce boneless pork chops, about 1 12 inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup honey, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 scallions, pale green and white parts only, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Spiced Pork Chops with Sweet and Sour Glaze Agrodolce, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 54065: {instructions: Mix the honey with 1 tablespoon warm water to dissolve. Stir the honey and orange liqueur together in a tall pilsner glass. Add the bitters. Then top with the beer, allowing a small head to form. Garnish with the orange wedge.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [2 teaspoons wildflower or orange blossom honey, 1 12 ounces orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 3 dashes bitters, One 12ounce chilled Belgian wheat beer, such as Hoegaarden, 1 orange wedge, for garnish], title: Orange Bee Sting, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 54066: {instructions: Place potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil, salt water and cook until just tender 10 minutes.nHeat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add a liberal drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and the bacon. Cook bacon until crisp.nReserve bacon on paper towel lined plate, removing it from the pan with a slotted spoon. Drain some of the fat, leaving about 3 tablespoons in the pan. Add celery and carrots to the pan. While the vegetables cook, cut leeks lengthwise then into half moon slices 12 inch thick. Run the leeks under cold water and separate every layer to release the trapped grit. Drain well. Add leeks to sauteed veggies and cook another 4 to 5 minutes until tender. Deglaze the pan with wine and pick up any pan drippings. Reduce heat to low and add chicken stock and thyme.nDrain potatoes and return to hot pot to cook off water then transfer the potatoes to the skillet with the vegetables and stock. Carefully combine the potatoes and vegetables, add bacon back to the pan then season the warm salad with salt and black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [4 large Idaho potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 8 slices center cut bacon, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled then thinly sliced with a vegetable peeler, then chopped into bits, 2 leeks, 12 cup dry white wine, eyeball it, 12 cup chicken stock, eyeball it, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, 5 to 6 sprigs, stripped and chopped, Black pepper], title: Bacon and Leek Warm Potato Salad, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 54067: {instructions: Combine salad ingredients in a bowl and dress with vinegar, extravirgin olive oil and season the salad with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 celery heart, washed and chopped, Couple handfuls good quality pitted black olives, chopped, 6 hot pepperoncini or Italian hot peppers, chopped, 6 sweet pickled peppers, chopped, 12 red onion, chopped, Generous handful of flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 tin flat anchovies, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper], title: My Friend Vickis Moms Celery Salad, picturelink: null}, 54068: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, and cream of tartar. Add softened butter and sugar, mix well. Stir in milk or buttermilk. Also stir in raisins or dried fruit. Press dough onto a floured surface and roll out gently to 12inch thickness. Cut scones into round shapes or triangles. Brush scones with egg wash for shine. Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [3 cups white flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 12 cup butter, softened, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup milk or buttermilk, 1 cup raisins or other dried fruit, Egg wash, to brush scones], title: Irish Scones, picturelink: null}, 54069: {instructions: Into 6 large mugs pour equal amounts of coffee and milk and garnish each serving with cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [4 cups hot coffee, 4 cups scalded milk, 6 cinnamon sticks], title: Cafe au Lait, picturelink: null}, 54070: {instructions: Bring 4 14 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to a boil in a large saucepan. Stir in the oats, reduce heat to medium and cook, stirring constantly, until the oats are soft and the oatmeal is slightly thickened, about 7 minutes. Stir in the ham, Gruyere and chives and remove the saucepan from the heat.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Carefully crack the eggs into the pan and cook until the whites are set and slightly crispy and the yolk is still runny, 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt.nTransfer the oatmeal to individual bowls. Top each with an egg, sprinkle with additional fresh chives and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 4 ounces lean Black Forest ham, cut into 12inch cubes, 3 ounces shredded Gruyere about 34 cup, 13 cup chopped fresh chives about 13 small bunch plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 large eggs], title: Ham, Egg and Cheese Oatmeal, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 54071: {instructions: Bring cream to a simmer in heavy medium saucepan. Add chocolate whisk until melted. Remove from heat. Pour fondue into a bowl place bowl on a platter. Ring platter with pound cake and fruit. Serve fondue with skewers., ingredients: [6 tablespoons heavy cream, 7 ounces premium semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 pound cake, cut into bitesize pieces, Assorted fresh fruit, strawberries, sliced banana, pineapple chunks, orange segments and sliced pears], title: Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 54072: {instructions: In a medium saucepan bring the broth and 12 cup water to a simmer. Cover the broth and keep hot over low heat.nIn a medium, heavy saucepan, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat. Add the shallot and saute until tender but not brown, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and stir to coat with the butter. Add the wine and simmer until the wine has almost completely evaporated, about 3 minutes. Add 12 cup of the simmering broth and stir until almost completely absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue cooking the rice, adding the broth 12 cup at a time, stirring constantly and allowing each addition of the broth to absorb before adding the next, until the rice is tender but still firm to the bite and the mixture is creamy, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat. Stir in the remaining tablespoon of butter, 2 tablespoons of Parmesan, mascarpone cheese, the lemon zest and juice, and the salt and pepper.nTo serve, cut 14inch off the bottom of each lemon so they stand on their own. Take 1inch off the stem end. Using a grapefruit spoon scoop out the flesh of the lemon and discard. Fill each lemon with about 12 cup of risotto. Sprinkle the tops with the remaining 2 tablespoons of Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 large shallot, diced, 1 cup Arborio rice, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 12 a lemon, zested amd juiced, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 lemons, for serving], title: Risotto in a Lemon Cup, picturelink: 5dYjiVKb9T23PtxZdHdSB2RL2RDiA7W}, 54073: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nToss shallots with oil and minced fresh thyme on small rimmed baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes. Drizzle one tablespoon vinegar over shallots, toss to coat. Continue roasting until shallots caramelize, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven.nBring red wine, port, brown sugar, remaining four tablespoons vinegar and granulated sugar to boil in heavy large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Add cranberries cook until berries pop, stirring occasionally, about eight minutes. Mix in parsley and shallots. Transfer to bowl. Cover and chill overnight. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [18 medium shallots, peeled and quartered lengthwise through root end, 1 Tbs. vegetable oil, 2 tsp. minced fresh thyme, 5 Tbs. balsamic vinegar, 12cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dry red wine, 23cup Ruby port, 13cup light brown sugar, packed, 12 oz. bag fresh cranberries, 1 Tbs. chopped fresh parsley], title: Cranberry and RoastedShallot Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54074: {instructions: Combine strawberries and cream cheese in food processor. Puree until smooth. Serve., ingredients: [34 cup sliced strawberries, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened], title: Strawberry Cream Cheese, picturelink: null}, 54075: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the almond paste and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until the almond paste is softened and the sugar wellincorporated, about 5 minutes.nAdd the egg whites a little bit at a time, incorporating fully after each addition. Egg whites are difficult to pour in small amounts, so hold a rubber spatula against the rim of the bowl, and use it to cut the egg whites as they are poured. If you add the egg whites all at once, the mixture will be lumpy, because the difference in consistency between the egg whites and the almond paste mixture is too great. Using a rubber spatula, scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. You may or may not need all of the egg whites depending on the moistness and age of the almond paste. Stop mixing when the mixture reaches a consistency soft enough to pipe similar to toothpaste.nPlace the batter in a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip. Pipe 1inch mounds onto a parchmentlined sheet pan. It will be easier if you hold the pastry bag at a slight angle and allow the tip to touch the parchment as you start to pipe. Once you have formed the mound, stop squeezing and lift the tip straight up, leaving a small tail on the top of each mound. Space the macaroons about 1inch apart to allow for spreading and pipe carefully. The macaroons will look nicest when sandwiched together if they are all the same size.nImmediately before placing them in the oven, liberally sprinkle granulated sugar over the macaroons. This will give them a nice crust that will keep the inside moist and chewy. Bake until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. The top of each macaroon should be very finely cracked, a characteristic for which they are known. If overbaked, the macaroons will be dry and crunchy.nRemove the sheet pan from the oven and immediately pour the water onto the sheet pan under the parchment paper. Be careful If you get any water on the macaroons, they will be soggy. You will need to tilt the baking sheet to spread the water evenly. Let it sit for 2 minutes. The water will loosen the macaroons from the paper. Remove the macaroons from the paper two at a time and stick them together, matching the flat sides. Do not put them back on the hot, wet baking sheet or they will become soggy.nThe macaroons can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to three days or well wrapped in the freezer for up to one week. Unwrap them before bringing back to room temperature, or the condensation will make them soggy., ingredients: [1 12 cup almond paste, 2 cups sugar, plus extra for sprinkling, 4 to 5 large egg whites, 14 cup water], title: OldFashioned Macaroons, picturelink: CLAqCXrF8kUGWUqjY8kdJpXLFxc42fu}, 54076: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients together in a bowl. Season to taste with salt and toss together., ingredients: [2 pounds medium shrimp, cooked and cleaned, 1 large cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced, 5 scallions, trimmed and sliced thinly, 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and chopped, 1 jalapeno, stemmed and minced, 13 cup minced cilantro leaves, Salt, to taste], title: Shrimp with Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 54077: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine tequilla, lime juice and honey. Bring just to a boil to melt honey and evaporate most of the alcohol. Set aside.nBring 2 quarts of water to a boil. Add lemon, onion, bay leaves and peppercorns to boiling water. Simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd salad shrimp and simmer until shrimp are thawed, about 2 to 3 minutes. Drain shrimp and place in bowl. Add Tequilla mixture, cilantro and jalapeno to shrimp and toss.nChill in refrigerator, covered until ready to use or for a quick chill, place bowl over ice. Serve on platter with endive spears, crackers or alone with toothpicks for spearing., ingredients: [14 cup Tequilla, 14 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 small onion, quartered, 2 bay leaves, 8 peppercorns, 1 1pound bag frozen salad shrimp, 12 cup cilantro, chopped, 1 Jalapeno pepper, chopped], title: Tequila Lime Marinated Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 54078: {instructions: To make maple butter, whip approximately 4 ounces maple syrup into 1 cup softened butter. Set aside. Add spiced rum and 1 pat of maple butter to wine glass or Irish coffee mug. Fill with boiling water stir and serve., ingredients: [4 ounces maple syrup, 1 cup softened butter, 1 14 ounces spiced rum, Boiling water, to finish], title: Hot Maple Buttered Rum, picturelink: null}, 54079: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 9inch springform pan with cooking spray. Line the bottom of the pan with a circle of parchment paper.nSet up a double boiler on the stove over low heat and heat until the water is barely simmering. Place the chocolate and butter in the double boiler and melt, stirring occasionally. Once the chocolate and butter are melted, remove from the heat and stir in the water, vanilla and 1 12 cups of the granulated sugar. Whisk in the egg yolks.nIn a separate bowl beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until frothy. Add remaining 12 cup of the granulated sugar and beat until soft peaks form. With a rubber spatula, gently fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture. Bake for 45 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 pounds bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 12 pounds butter, cut into small pieces, 12 cup water, Splash vanilla extract, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, plus 12 cup, 12 eggs, separated], title: Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 54080: {instructions: Add the oil to a large heavy Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, sprinkle in the flour. Cook the roux, while stirring, until its the shade of peanut butter, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the thyme, garlic, celery, onions and bell pepper and saute until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in the paprika, cayenne and white pepper and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Whisk in the stock, clam juice, tomatoes, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce to a low simmer and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, 30 minutes.nAfter 30 minutes of simmering, adjust the seasoning with salt, pepper and hot sauce. Stir in the shrimp, lower the heat and cook until the shrimp are cooked through and bright pink, about 5 minutes. Stir in the green onions right before serving.nServe in a bowl with a mound of white rice in the center., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded, ribs removed and chopped, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, One 8ounce bottle clam juice, One 14.5ounce can fireroasted diced tomatoes, Big dash hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Big dash Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 green onions, sliced, Cooked longgrain rice, for serving], title: Shrimp Etoufee, picturelink: null}, 54081: {instructions: On a comal, roast the serranos and tomatoes for 5 to 10 minutes or until they are charred. Discard the very black skin. In a molcajete, with a tejolote, grind the serranos and garlic and add salt and pepper. When they are roughly ground, add the tomatoes and continue grinding.nServe in the molcajete or a small bowl., ingredients: [6 Serrano chiles, stems removed, 2 ripe tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Salsa de Molcajete, picturelink: null}, 54082: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: 50 Smoothies, picturelink: null}, 54083: {instructions: Have a GH grown helper place a big skillet over medium high heat for you. Use some kitchen scissors to cut the turkey package open. Add some extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan in a nice, slow stream. Have the GH add the ground turkey to the pan, in case it spatters. Break the turkey up with a big wooden spoon as it starts to cook. If anyone touches the raw turkey, they should go wash their hands.nIf you are a really good chopper, using a small, sharp knife chop up some red onion. Remember when you are chopping to keep the fingers that are not holding the knife all tucked in and curled under. Have a GH help you. You need half a red onion chopped up small. Pull the seeds and white membrane and the top out of a half red bell pepper and chop that up small too. Add the veggies to the cooking meat and stir it all together.nNext, mix in a small bowl: grill seasoning blend, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce and the tomato sauce. This will make your special sauce. When all the ingredients are combined, pour the sauce evenly over the meat and stir everything together really well. Turn the heat down to simmer and cook the sloppy mixture for 10 minutes. Blow on a spoonful until cool and taste it to see if you need to adjust the seasoning.nHave the GH help you serve. Place a bun bottom on a plate. Use a big ice cream scoop to get a pile of sloppy meat onto the bun. Put bun top in place and serve with vegetable sticks on the side and Cheese Fries.n1 sack frozen French fries, any brand or shape  crinkle cut, thin cut, steak cut, waffle fries  prepared to package directionsn2 tablespoons buttern2 tablespoons allpurpose flourn1 12 cups whole milkn2 12 cups, 10ounce sack shredded yellow Cheddarn3 squirts ketchup, about 14 cupnHave your GH Grown Helper put fries in oven on a cookie sheet. While fries are baking in the oven, have a GH place a sauce pot on the stove and heat it over medium heat. Add butter and melt it. Add the flour and stir. Cook butter and flour together for 1 minute or so. This is called roux like Tiger and Roo with Pooh Bear and it helps to thicken up sauces. Use a whisk to stir as the milk goes into the pot. Keep stirring until the milk gets thicker. Use a wooden spoon or heatsafe spatula to stir in the cheese. When all of the cheese melts, take the sauce off the heat and stir in 3 squirts of ketchup. This is your SECRET ingredient. When everyone asks what you put in your cheese sauce that makes it taste so good, just say milk and cheese, you can NEVER tell what secret ingredients you add Tell your GH to keep the secret, too or they can never help you againnPour the sauce over the fries or serve the sauce on the side if you like to dipping better.nYield: 4 to 6 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 12 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 package, 1 13 pounds, ground turkey breast or lean ground turkey, 12 red onion, 12 red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning blend recommended: McCormick Montreal Grill Seasoning or Mrs. Dash seasoning for poultry, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup tomato sauce, 8 ounce can, 4 crusty sandwich rolls, split, 12 celery sticks, available in produce department or Grown Helper can chop, 12 carrot sticks, also available in produce department or grown helper can chop, Cheese Fries, recipe follows], title: Sloppy Turkey Joes, picturelink: null}, 54084: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a large, hot nonstick pan ovenproof, coat with olive oil and saute chickenvegetable mix, tomatoes and scallions. Lightly mix eggs and cream together and add to pan. Season and stir once to get eggs cooking. Top with cheese and place in oven, 20 minutes until it puffs up. If necessary, turn broiler on and brown the top. Let stand 5 minutes, then slice and serve. For the salad, whisk together shallots, mustard and vinegar. Drizzle in oil and season. Add bibb and toss lightly. Check for seasoning.nPLATING: Place slice of frittata on plate next to the salad. Garnish with chives.nWine Recommendation: Robert Ampea, ingredients: [Olive oil, to cook, 1 cup chicken and vegetables, cut up a little, recipe above, 1 large tomato, diced, 14 cup sliced scallions, 6 large eggs, 14 cup cream, 12 cup shredded Gruyere cheese, 1 minced shallot, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large head Boston bibb lettuce, cleaned, decored and separated into leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Leftovers for Brunch: Chicken Frittata with Boston Salad, picturelink: null}, 54085: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a large stockpot. Bring to a boil. Reduce to simmer, and cook for 20 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 gallon Concord grape juice, 8 whole cardamom pods, 3 cinnamon sticks, 12 whole nutmeg, grated 1 to 2 teaspoons], title: Hot Spiced Concord Grape Juice, picturelink: null}, 54086: {instructions: Game Plan: Slice and clean the leeks see Cooks Note while pansearing the chicken.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the oil. Pat the chicken dry and season with some salt and pepper to taste. Lay the chicken skin side down in the skillet and cook undisturbed until the skin is golden and crispy, about 4 minutes. Add a nutsize bit of the butter to the skillet, and when the butter smells fragrant, turn the chicken and cook until opaque, about 4 minutes more. Put the chicken in a baking dish or roasting pan and bake just until firm to the touch, 10 to 12 minutes.nPour all but 1 tablespoon fat from the skillet and return pan to the heat. Add the leeks and radishes and cook, tossing, until wilted, about 4 minutes. Season with the 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste. Add the vermouth, bring to a boil, and reduce until syrupy. Stir in the cream and bring to a boil. Remove the skillet from the heat, add the watercress, and toss just until it is wilted. Add the remaining butter and swirl the skillet until it melts. Stir in any chicken juices that have collected in the roasting pan. Spoon the leek mixture onto 4 plates and arrange the chicken breasts on top. Garnish with the reserved watercress sprigs and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 bonein chicken breast halves, with skin about 2 12 to 3 pounds, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 leeks white and light green parts, halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise, and rinsed, 4 radishes, thinly sliced into rounds, 14 cup dry white vermouth, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed reserve a few sprigs for garnish, roughly chopped], title: Chicken with Leeks, Watercress and Radish, picturelink: null}, 54087: {instructions: Heat oven to 450F.nMix Bisquick mix, milk, cheese and garlic powder to make a soft dough. Beat vigorously 30 seconds. Drop dough by 10 to 12 spoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet.nBake 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown. Spray warm biscuits with cooking spray before removing from cookie sheet. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups Bisquick Heart Smart mix, 23 cup fatfree skim milk, 12 cup shredded reducedfat Cheddar cheese 2 ounces, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Butterflavored cooking spray, if desired], title: CheeseGarlic Biscuits, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 54088: {instructions: Combine the Armagnac, maple syrup, cranberry syrup, thyme, coriander, and pepper. Marinate the foie gras scallops for 6 to 8 hours in the refrigerator. Remove the foie gras from the marinade and reserve marinade.nIn a very hot saute pan, panfry foie gras for approximately 1 minute each side until golden brown. Salt lightly and place on a serving platter. Cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate. Remove from refrigerator 20 minutes before serving to bring to room temperature.nIn a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the butter and melt. Add the shallots and saute until translucent, about 2 minutes. Deglaze with white wine and cook until the liquid is reduced by half. Add the duck broth and reduce by 13. Add the reserved marinade, maple syrup, and fresh cranberries. Reduce until mixture thickens and then puree until velvety smooth. Add the lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste.nPour sauce over foie gras scallops and serve., ingredients: [14 cup Armagnac, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 12 tablespoons cranberry syrup, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, chopped, Pinch freshly ground coriander, Pinch freshly ground pepper, 16 ounces foie gras of duck, sliced into scallops, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 cup white wine, 2 12 cups duck broth or chicken stock, 14 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cranberries, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and pepper], title: Pan Fried Scallop of Foie Gras with Maple Syrup and Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54089: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the wings from the turkey and set aside on a baking sheet or large plate. Remove the legs and then separate the thighs from the drumsticks place on the baking sheet. With kitchen scissors, cut along the ribs to remove the backbone from the turkey, leaving behind a full bonein breast. Alternatively, ask your butcher to cut the turkey into parts.nSprinkle the wings, thighs and legs with salt and pepper on both sides. In a large braiser or Dutch oven, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, brown the wings, legs and thighs until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and set aside.nAdd to the pan 4 tablespoons of the butter, the celery, leeks and onions, and 2 tablespoons of the chopped herbs. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables have softened, 5 minutes. Add the flour, stirring until completely incorporated. Pour in the cognac and 4 cups of the chicken stock and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Return the seared turkey parts to the pan, skinside up, without submerging them completely in the liquid. Reduce the heat to medium low, cover and cook until the meat is tender and easily pulls away from the bone, about 2 hours.nMeanwhile, rub the remaining 4 tablespoons butter over the skin of the turkey breast. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons chopped herbs and some salt and pepper. Place the breast on a rack over a roasting pan and transfer to the oven.nRoast for 45 minutes. Add the remaining 4 cups chicken broth to the roasting pan and baste the turkey with the pan juices. Continue to roast, basting every 30 minutes and adding more chicken broth to the pan as needed, until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, another 1 12 to 2 hours. Remove from the oven and transfer the breast to a cutting board. Let rest for 30 minutes, reserving pan juices.nRemove the wings, legs and thighs from the braising liquid and arrange them on a serving platter. Carve the breast and arrange it on the platter alongside the turkey parts. Add the reserved turkey breast pan juices to the braising liquid in the braiser and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper, then strain the gravy and serve., ingredients: [One 12pound turkey, rinsed and dried, Kosher salt and black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs a mix of rosemary, sage, oregano and thyme, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 leeks, chopped, 1 medium yellow onion, chopped, 13 cup flour, 1 cup cognac, 8 cups chicken stock or broth, plus more as needed], title: Roasted and Braised Turkey with Cognac Gravy, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 54090: {instructions: For the risotto: In a saucepan, bring the chicken stock to a simmer over mediumlow heat.nIn a large saucepan, cook the shallots and leek in 1 tablespoon oil over mediumlow heat, stirring, until softened, for about 5 minutes. Add the rice, stirring until each grain is coated with oil. Add about 34 cup of the simmering stock and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly, until the stock is absorbed. Continue adding the stock, 34 cup at a time, still stirring constantly and letting each batch be absorbed before adding the next. Reduce the heat to moderate if necessary to keep the risotto at a simmer. Continue adding the stock in the same manner until the rice is tender and creamy looking but still al dente, about 20 minutes.nReduce the heat to low, add the butter, ParmigianoReggiano cheese, spinach, and green peas. Season with salt and pepper. Mix well. Remove from heat and keep warm.nFor the sauteed rock shrimp and mushrooms: In a heavybottom frying pan, heat the oil and saute the mushrooms for 3 minutes. Add the shrimp and continue sauteing for 3 to 4 minutes. Melt in the butter, season with salt and pepper and set aside.nServe the risotto with the sauteed rock shrimp and mushrooms. Garnish with parsley, chive and a few dollops of ricotta cheese., ingredients: [4 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 leek, finely chopped, 2 cups Arborio rice, 14 cup butter, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 4 cups spinach, 2 cups green peas, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 cups shiitake mushrooms, 3 cups rock shrimp or any other shrimp you prefer, 2 tablespoons butter, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 1 handful chive, finely chopped, 1 cup ricotta cheese], title: Chucks Ricotta Cheese Risotto, picturelink: null}, 54091: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a buttered casserole dish. Combine chicken, cooked rice and green beans. In a saucepan melt butter over medium high heat. Stir in onions and cook for 1 minute. Stir in flour and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Whisk in cream or milk and return to a simmer. When sauce has thickened pour over mixture in casserole dish. Sprinkle with parmesan and almonds and bake for 30 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups cooked, chopped chicken breasts, 1 package quick cooking wild rice, cooked according to package directions, 1 package frozen French green beans, thawed and drained, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup chopped onion, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup cream or milk, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup slivered almonds], title: Chicken and Wild Rice Casserole, picturelink: null}, 54092: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl and let cool.nBring a saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the haricots verts and cook until crisptender, about 3 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Wipe out the saucepan.nMelt the butter in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, 1 to 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth, bay leaf and lemon zest and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low cover and simmer until the liquid is absorbed, about 18 minutes. Remove from the heat add the haricots verts, cover and let stand 5 minutes. Uncover and stir in the lemon juice, half of the almonds, and pepper to taste. Remove the bay leaf. Transfer the rice to a bowl and top with the remaining almonds.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [18 cup sliced almonds, Kosher salt, 12 pound haricots verts, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups converted parboiled white rice, 2 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 1 wide strip lemon zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground pepper], title: Rice Pilaf Amandine, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 54093: {instructions: For the tamales, moisten the instant corn flour with the warm water, and set aside. Beat shortening in mixer until creamy and fluffy. Fold in the corn flour and the chicken stock.nMix well and set aside. In a blender puree huitlacoche and cilantro with a little water until smooth. Add this mixture to the dough and fold in well. Season with salt and pepper. Have cornhusks already soaking in water.nTo assemble the tamales, open the corn husks and place 1 spoonful of dough in the center of the cornhusk. Fold over the sides of the husk and secure with a piece of string. Repeat the rocess until all the dough is finished. In a double boiler with a steamer insert, steam the tamales for 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove tamales from the steamer and allow them to sit for 5 minutes. Then open them and serve them with a sprinkle of cheese., ingredients: [1 cup instant corn flour masa harina, 34 cup warm water, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 cans huitlacoche or 2 cups of fresh Mexican truffle from the fungus of ears of corn, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro, 1 1pound package corn husks, 12 cup cotija or queso anejo], title: Corn Fungus Tamales: Tamales de Huitlacoche, picturelink: null}, 54094: {instructions: Place a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When hot, add the onions and cook until very soft, about 3 minutes. Add the cardamom and fennel seeds and cook for 30 seconds. Set aside.nPut the pears into a food processor along with the mint and onion mixture. Season with some salt, and then puree until it has a smooth but slightly chunky texture. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator.nPlace a skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the oil. When hot, add the onions and cook until very soft, about 3 minutes. Add the cardamom and fennel seeds and cook for 30 seconds. Set aside.nPut the pears into a food processor along with the mint and onion mixture. Season with some salt, and then puree until it has a smooth but slightly chunky texture. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 extraripe pears, peeled, cored and chopped, such as Anjou or Bartlett, 1 cup chopped fresh mint, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 extraripe pears, peeled, cored and chopped, such as Anjou or Bartlett, 1 cup chopped fresh mint, Pinch of salt], title: Pear and Mint Chutney, picturelink: null}, 54095: {instructions: Mix all of the ingredients together in a bowl and serve with deep fried wontons or croutons., ingredients: [12 pound sashimi grade Ahi Tuna, cut into small dice, 12 pound rock shrimp, cooked and cut into small dice, 12 cup cucumber cut in small diced, 14 cup minced scallions, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno chile, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon chile oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Serving Suggestions: Fried wontons or croutons.], title: Ahi Tuna and Shrimp Poke, picturelink: null}, 54096: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a 12capacity muffin pan with cooking spray. Thinly slice the whole figs.nIn a large bowl, combine the cereal and milk. Let sit until softened, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile, whisk together the wholewheat flour, baking powder and salt in a separate bowl.nAdd the applesauce, honey, oil, molasses, and egg to the cereal mixture and stir until combined. Add the flour mixture and stir until just combined. Gently stir in the chopped figs. Spoon the batter into the prepared pan and top each muffin with a fig slice. Tap the pan on the counter a few times to remove any air bubbles.nBake for about 20 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in center of 1 of the muffins comes out clean. Let cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes. If necessary, run a knife around the muffins to loosen. Unmold and cool completely on a rack.nExcellent source of: Fiber, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B12, Folate, Manganese, PhosphorusnGood source of: Thiamin, Riboflavin, Niacin, Calcium, Iron, Magnesium, Potassium, Selenium, Zinc, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup chopped dried figs, plus 3 whole dried figs, 1 12 cups bran cereal recommended: AllBran, 1 cup lowfat milk, 1 12 cups wholewheat flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup natural applesauce, 12 cup honey, 13 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons unsulfured molasses, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Fig Bran Muffins, picturelink: uhTMJGCyKUGJbU9k0udyv5L9GQfyCgS}, 54097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the lasagna noodles in plenty of boiling salted water until pliable and barely tender, about 10 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon to prevent sticking. Drain the noodles thoroughly, coat with olive oil keep them moist and easy to work with.nCoat a large skillet with olive oil. Saute over medium heat, onion, garlic and herbs. Cook 5 minutes. Brown beef and sausage until no longer pink, about 15 minutes. Drain fat into a small container and discard. Stir in the tomato paste completely. Set aside to cool.nIn a mixing bowl, combine ricotta, parsley and oregano. Stir in beaten eggs. Add Parmesan, season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble the lasagna: Coat the bottom of a 13 by 9inch pan with a ladle full of tomato sauce. Arrange 4 noodles lengthwise in a slightly overlapping layer on the sauce. Then, line each end of the pan with a lasagna noodle. This forms a collar that holds in the corners. Spread 12 of the meat mixture over the pasta. Dollop 12 of the ricotta mixture over the meat, spread to the edges with a spatula. Sprinkle 12 of the mozzarella on top of the ricotta. Top with a ladle full of tomato sauce, spread evenly. Repeat with the next layer of noodles, meat, cheeses and sauce. Top last layer with noodles, sauce and shredded mozzarella and Parmesan. Tap the pan to force out air bubbles. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour. Remove from oven. Let lasagna rest for 30 minutes so the noodles will settle and cut easily. Cut into 2inch squares and serve., ingredients: [1 pound dried lasagna noodles, Olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped, 3 bay leaves, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 pound ground Italian sausage, 6 ounces tomato paste, 1 can, 30 ounces ricotta cheese, 2 containers, 14 cup Italian flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 4 cups tomato sauce, prepared, 1 pound mozzarella cheese, shredded, Grated Parmesan and mozzarella, for topping], title: Lasagna al Forno, picturelink: WSD.oJbiNts5HVCVtWDEo84neKIJqa}, 54098: {instructions: , ingredients: [10 rib lamb chops, about 1inch thick, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lamb Chops, picturelink: null}, 54099: {instructions: In a large bowl combine all the stuffing ingredients, except the onions and butter. Add salt and pepper to taste. In a skillet, cook onions in the butter over moderate heat, stirring for 3 minutes. Add the onion mixture to the bowl of stuffing ingredients and combine. Preheat oven to 425 degrees and lightly grease a large shallow baking pan. Stack phyllo between 2 sheets of wax paper and cover with a damp kitchen towel. On sheet of parchment or wax paper, place sheet of phyllo, long side nearest you. Brush lightly with oil. On this, layer and brush 5 more sheets of phyllo in the same manner. Oiled phyllo stack should be 6 sheets thick. Spread filling in a 3inchwide strip, mounding it on phyllo, 4 inches above the bottom, leaving a 2inch border at each end. Using parchment to help roll, lift bottom 4 inches of pastry over filling, folding in ends, and tightly roll up strudel. Carefully transfer strudel, seam side down, to a baking pan and lightly brush with oil. Bake strudel in middle of oven 25 minutes, or until golden. Cool strudel to warm in pan on a rack. Cut strudel into 1inch slices with a serrated knife and serve slices warm., ingredients: [3 cups ground cooked lamb, 12 cup cooked rice, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup chopped mint, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 2 large eggs, beaten slightly, 1 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, salt and pepper, 2 cups minced onions, 12 stick butter, 6 sheets phyllo pastry, 14 olive oil], title: Minted Lamb and Rice Strudel, picturelink: null}, 54100: {instructions: In a large glass pitcher combine all ingredients and adjust to desired taste with mint. Allow to sit at room temperature for at least 1 hour. Sangria gets better with age. If you are preparing the night before, refrigerate. Before serving add ice to the pitcher., ingredients: [2 bottles crisp white wine, 1 stalk lemongrass peeled and sliced the long way, 1 large grapefruit, cut into sixths, 1 large orange, cut into sixths, 1 pear, cored and sliced, 1 apple, cored and sliced, 1 cup fruit puree, 1 bunch fresh mint], title: White Sangria, picturelink: null}, 54101: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the trotters with salt and pepper, place in a roasting pan and roast until the edges are slightly crispy, about 1 hour.nAdd the roasted trotters, wine, mushrooms, onion, turnip, garlic, lemongrass, kaffir leaves, ginger, star anise and 2 gallons of cold water to a stock pot. Bring to a decent simmer and cook on mediumlow heat, skimming occasionally, until reduced by a third, about 2 hours. Strain the stock through a fine mesh strainer, discard the solids and stir in the sweet soy. You will want to drink this straight. Do not do this. Fight the urge. You just made pretty awesome pork stock.nPreheat the oven again to 350 degrees F. Heat a castiron pan over mediumhigh heat.nSeason the pork cheeks with salt and pepper and sear until they begin to get color and crust, about 4 minutes per side.nPlace the cheeks in a single layer in a large ovensafe pan or a casserole dish. Cover the cheeks about 34 of the way with the pork stock and cover with foil. Cook in the oven until the meat just pulls apart with a fork, 1 12 to 2 hours. Cooking time will differ depending on the size of the cheeks, so check them at the 1 12hour mark. Reserve about a cup of the braising liquid. You just braised pork cheeks Excellent work. We are close to the eating part.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add a splash of canola oil and the carrots and saute until they begin to crisp on the outside, about 5 minutes. Add the bok choy and cook just until it wilts, about 4 minutes. Add the cheeks and a splash of the braising liquid, then gently heat through until the cheeks are hot to the touch. Add the cabbage.nServe the pork cheeks and vegetables over jasmine rice and garnish with cilantro and scallions. Eat the great food you just made. Share it with a friend, or dont. Well done., ingredients: [2 trotters pigs feet, split, Salt and pepper, 14 cup Chinese rice wine, 10 dried shiitake mushrooms, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 1 medium turnip, quartered, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 stalks lemongrass, 2 kaffir lime leaves, torn, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and smashed, 1 piece star anise, 2 tablespoons sweet soy sauce see Cooks Note, 10 to 12 pork cheeks, preferably local, Canola oil, for searing and sauteeing, 1 pound multicolored baby carrots, halved lengthwise, 4 heads baby bok choy, halved lengthwise, 14 head red cabbage, julienned, Jasmine rice, for serving, Scallions, sliced on a bias, for serving, Cilantro leaves, for serving], title: Braised Pork Cheeks with Baby Bok Choy and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 54102: {instructions: In a large stockpot, saute the onions in the vegetable oil over medium heat until translucent about 5 to 8 minutes. Add the carrots and chicken stock, cover the pot, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the celery and simmer another 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTurn off the heat and stir in the pasta. Cover the pot and let sit for 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 medium onion, diced about 1 cup, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 12 cups carrots, peeled and diced, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup miniature alphabet pasta], title: Abc Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 54103: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace nuts in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Pulse nuts until medium ground, and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix together egg, egg whites, and zest. Add flour and sugar, mixing until combined. Stir in nuts.nLine a baking sheet with a silpat nonstick baking mat or parchment paper. Place 1 tablespoon batter on the mat, and repeat, spacing dollops at least 2 inches apart. Moisten your fingertips with water, and flatten dollops slightly.nBake tuiles 8 minutes, rotating pan halfway through cooking. Using a spatula, remove tuiles from baking sheet, and lay them over a rolling pin to curl. Let tuiles cool completely on pin. If the tuiles become too cool before shaping, return to oven 30 seconds. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 12 cups pistachio nuts, 1 large egg, 2 large egg whites, 12 orange, zested and finely grated, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar], title: Orange Pistachio Tuiles, picturelink: null}, 54104: {instructions: Heat butter and oil over medium low heat in large kettle. Add onions, salt, sugar and pepper and stir well. Cook very gently 3040 minutes until limp and well caramelized. Add the garlic, cloves, paprika and raisins and cook one minute until their aromas are released. Add Madeira and simmer until reduced by half. Add stock, bring to the boil, then lower heat and simmer covered one hour, then simmer uncovered 30 minutes more. Place one crouton in the bottom of each serving bowl and ladle soup over., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds sweet yellow onions, peeled and sliced very thin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced or pureed, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 14 cup dry Madeira, 5 cups rich chicken or beef stock, 4 slices hearty country bread, toasted and brushed with 2 teaspoons olive oil.], title: Onion Soup with Raisins and Madeira, picturelink: null}, 54105: {instructions: In a blender puree the honeydew melon. Pour into ice cube trays and freeze, about 3 hours. In a pitcher combine lemon soda, club soda, and melon liqueur. Drop a frozen melon cube into a martini glass and top with 2 tablespoons 1ounce vodka per drink. Garnish with skewered melon balls., ingredients: [3 cups honeydew melon cut in cubes, plus melon balls, for garnish, 3 cups lemon soda, cold, 1 cup club soda, cold, 12 cup melon liqueur, 8 ounces vodka, chilled], title: The Melontini, picturelink: QFtJ1mVPaIuk.SxER5OuVcppaNon0Ke}, 54106: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor and pulse to combine. Use to marinate swordfish, salmon, tuna, or red snapper overnight.nFresh herb vinaigrette: 14 cup balsamic vinegar 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves 1 teaspoon fresh oregano leaves 8 large fresh basil leaves 12 cup extravirgin olive oil Salt and freshly ground pepper to tastenCombine the vinegar and mustard in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse briefly, then add the herbs. Pulse again until coarsely chopped. With the processor running, add the olive oil very slowly so that the mixture will emulsify into a smooth blend. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper to taste. This dressing will keep for up to 10 days in the refrigerator.n4 6 to 8 ounce swordfish steaks, at least 34 inch thick 2 large vidalia onions, peeled and sliced 14 inch thick slices 2 sweet red peppers, seeded and sliced into rings 2 sweet yellow peppers, seeded and sliced into rings 12 large shiitake mushroom caps 2 tablespoons olive oil Salt and peppernThe night before, rub the swordfish steaks with the marinade. Cover and marinate, refrigerated, overnight. The next day, prepare an outdoor grill for cooking. Right before grilling, toss the onions, peppers and mushrooms with the olive oil, salt and pepper. When the grill is hot, grill the swordfish until it is well colored on both sides and the interior is medium about 3 to 4 minutes per side, total.When you have added the fish to the grill, spread the vegetables along the perimeter of the grill and carefully cook the vegetables without burning. Remove the fish from the grill, plate, drizzle with vinaigrette over the fish, top with vegetables and serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, Juice of 3 limes approximately 14 cup, 1 fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, lightly packed, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 4 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk], title: Grilled Marinated Swordfish with Fire Roasted Peppers, Onions, Mushrooms and Herb Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 54107: {instructions: For the steak: Preheat a griddle or grill pan over high heat.nSeason both sides of the steak with the paprika and some salt and pepper. Add the oil to the griddle and cook the steak for about 3 minutes per side to medium rare. Let rest for 10 minutes before slicing into strips against the grain.nFor the quesadillas: Preheat a griddle or large skillet over mediumhigh heat.nBrush the griddle with 1 tablespoon of the corn oil. Place a tortilla onto the griddle and sprinkle with about 12 cup of the cheese. Cook until the cheese starts to melt and the tortilla turns light brown. Place about 4 slices of steak, 14 cup tomato salsa, 14 cup guacamole and some hot sauce on top of the cheese in a vertical line. Fold the outside thirds into the middle. Remove to a plate and enjoy. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nCombine the tomatoes, onions, cilantro, lime juice and salt in a bowl and mix.nIn a large bowl, combine the avocados and salt. Lightly mash the avocados with a fork, leaving them a little chunky. Add the lime juice, red onion and cilantro and gently mix together until combined.nHeat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Grill the jalapenos for about 8 minutes or until all sides are lightly charred.nCombine the jalapenos, tomatillos, onions, garlic, salt and 2 cups water in a medium pot and cook on medium heat until the peppers are soft, approximately 30 minutes. Let cool slightly, then transfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Store in a resealable container., ingredients: [1 pound skirt steak, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 14 cup corn oil, 4 flour tortillas approximately 13 inches, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 cup tomato salsa, your favorite or Dos Toros Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, 1 cup guacamole, your favorite or Dos Toros Guacamole, recipe follows, Your favorite hot sauce or Dos Toros Verde Hot Sauce, recipe follows, 6 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 12 small red onions, diced, 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 14 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 6 avocados, diced, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Juice from 2 limes, 12 small red onion, diced about 1 cup, 14 cup fresh cilantro, 5 jalapenos, stems removed, 9 tomatillos, husks removed, Heaping 14 cup diced Spanish onions, 6 cloves garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Dos Toros Quesadillas, picturelink: FIt8e1EpQZaVCX2wqgVAZrOKhyat6}, 54108: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread asparagus on small baking sheet and dress with a liberal drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and season with salt. Roast the spears in a hot oven until tender and ends are crisp and slightly brown at edges, about 10 to 12 minutes. Asparagus should remain bright green.nTake the chill off the meat then pour the black pepper onto a small plate. Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. When oil smokes, press each steak into pepper to coat then place peppered side down in the skillet. Sear and caramelize the meat 3 to 4 minutes, turn and cook 2 minutes more for rare, 3 minutes for pink.nWhile the meat cooks, heat a small skillet over medium flame and melt then butter. Add mushrooms and lightly saute them for 4 to 5 minutes. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper and add cognac or brandy to the pan. Be careful of flare ups. You may want to add the liquor off the stove top then return the skillet to the heat. Reduce the liquid by half, cooking off the alcohol and concentrating the flavor, then stir in the cream and warm it through. Reduce heat a bit and let sauce thicken 2 to 3 minutes.nSpoon sauce over meat and serve with asparagus alongside., ingredients: [34 pound asparagus, trimmed at stem fat stems should be peeled down a bit as well, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling plus 2 tablespoons, Salt, 4 1inch thick, 3 to 4inch round beef tenderloin steaks, about 1 pound total, 4 teaspoons coarse black pepper, a rounded palm full, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 white mushroom caps, very thinly sliced, 14 cup cognac or brandy, eyeball it, 34 cup cream, eyeball it, Chopped parsley leaves or chives, for garnish], title: Pepper Crusted Tenderloin with Mushroom Cream and Roast Asparagus, picturelink: aRriQv3BW5TfOPbqfTzF8purhqCnjK}, 54109: {instructions: Line a muffin tin with cupcake papers. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift the sifted flour with the baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Cream the butter in a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment until soft, then add the sugar and mix. Add the eggs, and vanilla and whip at mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. With the mixer running at low speed, add a third of the flour mixture and mix. Then add half of the sour cream and mix. Add another third of the flour and mix. Add the remaining sour cream and mix, then the remaining flour. Give it one last mix to make sure everything is blended in. Pour the batter into the muffin cups, filling them 34 full. Bake until firm to the touch in the center, 20 to 25 minutes. Set the pan on a wire rack and let cool. Meanwhile, make the frosting: Put the milk in a saucepan and whisk in the flour. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes, whisking often. Cover and let cool to room temperature. Cream the butter, sugar, and vanilla in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until light and very fluffy. Add the cooled thickened milk and mix until smooth. Add yellow and red food coloring to make a light orange frosting. When the cupcakes have cooled, make the ladybugs. Cut off the top rounded cap like the cap of a mushroom or a muffin of each cupcake. Spread the rounded tops of each cupcake with frosting. Cut the tops in half. Spread frosting on the cut face of the cup cake. Place two wings on top of each cupcake, spreading them apart slightly. Use two pieces of black licorice to make the antennae. Pipe a black section for the head and dot it with white to make eyes. Use black to make the dots on the wings. Place a tiny ladybug on the wings of the big ones. To make the tiny lady bug, pipe red candy coated chocolates with black frosting making a head section, a line down the back to define the wings and polkadots on the wings, ingredients: [1 14 cups sifted cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup sour cream, 1 cups milk, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 8 ounces 2 sticks room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Yellow and red food coloring, 12 1 12inch lengths black licorice whips, cut in thin tapered strips, 1 tube black icing the supermarket kind with a small writing tip, 1 tube white icing the supermarket kind with a small writing tip, 12 red candy coated chocolate candies], title: Ladybug Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 54110: {instructions: Special equipment: a 10inch angel food cake tube pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift the cake flour with 34 cup superfine sugar set aside.nPut the egg whites, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, the cream of tartar, almond extract and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Whip on medium speed until frothy. Increase the speed to high, slowly add the remaining 34 cup sugar and beat until stiff peaks form.nRemove the bowl from the mixer and sift the cake flour mixture over the whites. Add the poppy seeds and use a rubber spatula to fold in the flour and poppy seeds until completely combined. Pour the batter into an ungreased 10inch angel food cake tube pan and bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Invert the pan and cool for 1 hour, then remove from the pan and turn upright onto a serving plate.nWhisk the lemon zest and the remaining 3 tablespoons lemon juice with the confectioners sugar and just enough water to make a smooth, pourable glaze. Pour the glaze over the cooled cake. Let the glaze set for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 1 12 cups superfine sugar, 12 large egg whites, room temperature, Zest of 1 lemon plus 4 tablespoons juice, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon almond extract, Pinch kosher salt, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 2 cups confectioners sugar], title: Poppy Seed and Lemon Angel Food Cake, picturelink: ItYUDUMZaMrKzEqy0f1KegyWIRl.JtC}, 54111: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTo brown the butter, melt the butter over medium heat in a heavy saucepan, allowing to bubble and foam, stirring frequently. Once the foaming subsides, allow the butter to brown along the bottom and then remove the pan from the heat. Browning will take about 5 minutes total do not burn.nIn a medium bowl, mix the eggs, sugar, and honey with electric mixer until thick and pale. Add the browned butter and mix.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and 14 teaspoon salt, and mix into liquid ingredients, along with zest, just until blended.nFill the greased madeleine baking molds and bake until golden, 9 to 11 minutes.nCooks Note: you may substitute a minimuffin pan for madeleine molds., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 2 eggs, 13 cup sugar, Nice drizzle of honey 1 to 2 teaspoons, 23 cup flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Salt, 12 orange, zested, Special equipment: madeleine mold], title: Brown Butter Madeleines, picturelink: JRpx.E0AxjOf3d8ypWVVYxfeHOaBuDe}, 54112: {instructions: For the sauce: To a small saucepan over low heat add the oil and garlic and cook until fragrant. Add the tomato paste and seasoning, and mash with the back of a wooden spoon. Stir in the crushed tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 15 minutes, then remove from the heat.nFor the burger: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat. Preheat oven to 550 degrees F with pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven.nForm the meat into four 4ounce patties and sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Grill until medium, then remove from the heat and place on a papertowellined plate.nDivide the pizza dough into four 4ounce balls. Press out each ball on a floured pizza peel to about a 5inch round. Top each with a slice of scamorza, a couple slices of pepperoni, then 1 burger patty and 1 tablespoon of pizza sauce. Fold the dough over the burger as if making a large dumpling. Brush with olive oil. Bake on the pizza stone in the oven until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve with extra tomato sauce on the side to dip., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, grated, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, One 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 pound ground beef, Kosher salt and black pepper, One pound store bought pizza dough, room temperature, 8 ounces scamorza cheese, sliced, 4 ounces thin pepperoni about 32 slices, 14 cup olive oil, for brushing], title: Pepperoni Pizza Burger Bomba, picturelink: txwb5OaDEfCiZ4PnDhJxzrOj5BE4.O}, 54113: {instructions: Combine sweet peppers, cucumber, tomatoes, carrots and arugula in a mediumsize bowl. Whisk together oil, vinegar, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Pour dressing over vegetables, tossing to coat. Serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 sweet green pepper, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch wide strips, 1 sweet red pepper, cored, seeded and cut into 12inch wide strips, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch wide pieces, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12inch wide pieces, 2 carrots, shredded, 1 small bunch arugula, cut into 2inch pieces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper], title: Red and Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 54114: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 13 x 9inch pan with a nostick cooking spray. Melt chocolate chips in dry, microwavesafe bowl on HIGH 100 power 1 minute. Stir. Microwave at additional, 10 to 15second intervals, stirring just until chips are melted. Set aside.nBEAT together brown sugar, peanut butter and butter in large bowl with an electric mixer, until smooth and creamy. Add egg and vanilla. Beat until well blended.nSTIR together flour, baking soda and salt. Add to peanut butter mixture. Beat just until combined. Stir in oats. Press 34 of dough into prepared baking pan. Spread evenly with melted chocolate. Dot chocolate layer with remaining dough.nBAKE 24 to 26 minutes. Cool. Cut into 24 bars., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 23 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 cup butter, softened, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups quick rolled oats], title: Layered Chocolate and Peanut Butter Bars, picturelink: null}, 54115: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Drain and rinse under cold water to stop the cooking. Shake off the excess water. Meanwhile, place the bell peppers cutside down on a foillined broiler pan, add the garlic and broil until charred, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer the peppers to a bowl, cover and set aside about 5 minutes. Heat a dry skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the almonds and toast, shaking the pan, 4 to 5 minutes. Let cool, then coarsely chop. Squeeze the garlic from its skin onto a cutting board. Add 12 teaspoon salt mince and mash the garlic into a paste with a large knife. Peel the roasted peppers and slice into strips transfer to a large bowl. Add the garlic paste and drizzle with the olive oil. Finely grate about 1 teaspoon lemon zest into the bowl and squeeze in all of the lemon juice. Add the bocconcini, basil, almonds, pasta, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste toss.nPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces mezzi rigatoni or other short tubeshaped pasta, 2 bell peppers red andor yellow, halved, stemmed and seeded, 6 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 14 cup almonds, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, 8 ounces bocconcini small mozzarella balls, 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves torn, Freshly ground pepper], title: RoastedPepper Pasta Salad, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 54116: {instructions: Pulse the oats in a food processor until some of it is fine and some of it is still very coarse. Dump the oats into a medium bowl and whisk in the flours, baking soda, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, beat the butter and the sugars with a mixer at medium speed until very light, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until well blended. Beat in the vanilla.nAt low speed, add the flour mixture and mix until just combined. Using a rubber spatula or a wooden spoon, fold in the cherries, nuts and white chocolate chips. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill for at least 24 hours and up to 48 hours.nPosition the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats.nRoll about 2 teaspoons of dough into balls and place them on the lined baking sheets, leaving about 1 inch of space between them.nBake until the cookies are golden brown around the edges and the centers are pale golden and still soft, about 9 minutes. Let cool on wire racks for about 10 minutes, then transfer the cookies with a spatula to the racks to cool completely or for as long as you can wait., ingredients: [1 14 cups oldfashioned oats, 2 scant cups cake flour, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 12 sticks 10 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups dried cherries 8 ounces, chopped, 1 cup unsalted macadamia nuts, chopped, 1 cup white chocolate chips], title: Dried Cherry, Macadamia and White Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: qlOvXmgbZ8mBJvjxCpXdPaarY3LUMwK}, 54117: {instructions: Cut ends from all of the fruit, and then cut off the skin and bitter white pith with a paring knife. Cut the citrus segments out from the membrane and carefully put the segments in a shallow bowl, taking care to keep them whole. Squeeze the leftover peels and membranes over another bowl to get out any remaining juice.nGently stir sugar and salt into juice, pour over fruit, and divide into soup plates. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 to 2 hours.nTo serve, pour 14 cup Muscat over each serving., ingredients: [3 Valencia oranges, 3 tangerines, 2 pomelos, or ruby red grapefruits, 14 cup sugar, Pinch gray salt, 1 cup Muscat], title: Triple Orange Dessert Soup, picturelink: null}, 54118: {instructions: Heat milk to boiling then pour into mug stir in Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Drink, cinnamon and orange extract. Sprinkle with additional ground cinnamon, if desired.nVariation: For Cold Orange Spice Beverage, simply combine all ingredients in mug and stir well., ingredients: [1 packet Rich Milk Chocolate or Classic French Vanilla Flavor Carnationu00ae Breakfast Essentialsu2122 Complete Nutritional Drink, 1 cup fat free milk, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon orange extract], title: Warm Orange Spice Beverage, picturelink: .5wiOgiAFrZvdx1SSkTE4uS4Qc.6p2}, 54119: {instructions: Mix 14 cup yogurt, 1 tablespoon olive oil and the tandoori paste in a large resealable plastic bag. Add the turkey and shake to coat. Set aside to marinate, 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, pulse the ginger and garlic in a mini food processor to make a paste. Heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, then the ginger paste. Cook until the paste sizzles, 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and garam masala and stir until sizzling, 1 minute. Stir in the lentils. Add 1 cup water and season with 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 7 minutes. Stir in the kale and 34 cup cilantro cook until the kale wilts, about 2 minutes. Keep warm over low heat.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Remove the turkey from the marinade, letting the excess drip off, and add to the skillet. Cook, turning once, until just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Serve over the lentils and top with the remaining 14 cup each yogurt and cilantro.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 cup 2 plain Greek yogurt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons tandoori paste, 4 turkey cutlets about 1 12 pounds, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and sliced, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 to 2 teaspoons garam masala, 2 15ounce cans lowsodium brown lentils, drained and rinsed, Kosher salt, 1 5ounce package baby kale about 4 cups, 1 cup fresh cilantro], title: Tandoori Turkey Cutlets with Lentils, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 54120: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, saute the bacon until crisp. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate. Turn the heat off and whisk the shallots into the bacon grease. There should be about 14 cup of bacon grease if its shy of that amount, add some extravirgin olive oil.nIn a small bowl, whisk the vinegar and Dijon until emulsified. Add in the bacon grease mixture and whisk. Whisk in the salt and pepper.nTo poach the eggs: Fill a nonstick skillet with about 2 inches of water and bring it to the barest simmer over medium heat add a little vinegar if using. Crack the eggs, slipping them gently into the water one at a time, and cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, 3 to 4 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, gently scoop the eggs from the water and blot dry with a paper towel.nIn a large salad bowl, toss the frisee with the dressing and bacon. Divide the lettuce among 4 serving bowls and top each with an egg and a sprinkle of chives., ingredients: [4 pieces thickcut bacon, diced, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, Extravirgin olive oil, as needed, 14 cup red wine vinegar, plus more for poaching eggs, optional, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 8 cups frisee lettuce, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives], title: Frisee Salad with Egg and Bacon, picturelink: THRiuQwZPWtWCjpqDs8wroLLOaImHCG}, 54121: {instructions: Over mediumhigh heat, boil miso and salt in 2 cups water until miso is diluted in the water, about 5 minutes. Add brown sugar and let reduce to about 14 cup syrup. Remove from heat and let cool.nLay cod fillets in a nonreactive shallow container such as a glass baking dish. Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the reduction over each fillet, cover and let sit in the refrigerator for about 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Bake the cod until it flakes, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest.nGarnish with chives.nNote: In the episode this dish was used as part of the bento box of 5 cooked tasting size entrees in conjunction with Chicken Yakitori with Scallions Shrimp Tempura Gyoza: and Korokee., ingredients: [4 tablespoons miso soy bean paste, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 6ounce pink cod fillets, skin removed, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives], title: Miso Glazed Pink Cod, picturelink: null}, 54122: {instructions: Wahoo and Spinach Salad:nAdd the wahoo fillets, red bell pepper and red onion to a baking dish. Pour in the14 cup of olive, 2 tablespoons of lemon juice and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss to coat. In separate dish, put the halved pears, flesh side down, and add 1 cup of rum and pinch of salt and pepper. Let both mixtures marinate for 10 minutes.nAdd the red pepper to the grill, periodically turning every 5 minutes or until each side is lightly charred. Add the pears to the grill, flesh side down. Grill until the flesh is slightly charred, about 12 minutes. Add the red onion and wahoo to the grill, flipping after 3 minutes.nSlice the ciabatta bread into sandwichsize pieces and add to grill to lightly toast.nCayenne Garlic Aioli:nMix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, minced garlic, lemon juice and cayenne pepper in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nCandied Walnuts:nIn a cast iron pan, add the butter, walnuts, brown sugar and pinch of salt and pepper. Mix to coat and let sit on the grill in indirect heat.nVinaigrette:nIn a small bowl, whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste.nOnce the fish is cooked, pull all ingredients off the grill to a platter. Slice the bell pepper and remove the seeds and ribs.nAdd the spinach to a medium bowl.nSlice the pears and add them to the spinach. Top with candied walnuts, 3 ounces of the goat cheese and salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with half of the balsamic vinegar dressing. Spread the remaining goat cheese on 1 side of toasted ciabatta slices and cayenne aioli on other half. Assemble the sandwiches with sliced roasted bell pepper, red onion, avocado and wahoo. Finish with just a drizzle of balsamic vinegar dressing and serve with the spinach salad., ingredients: [2 wahoo fillets, cut in 12, 1 whole red bell pepper, 12 red onion, pulled apart into circles, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pear, halved and cored, 1 cup rum recommended: Bacardi, 1 loaf ciabatta bread, 2 cups fresh spinach, 6 ounces fresh goat cheese recommended: Chevre, divided, 1 avocado, sliced, 2 tablespoons lowfat mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons lowfat sour cream, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup walnuts, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wild Wahoo Gourmet Sandwiches with Rum Pear Spinach Salad, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 54123: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRoll out the dough 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface, fit it into a 9inch pie plate, and crimp the edge decoratively. Line the shell with foil, fill the foil with rice, and bake the shell in the middle of the oven for 10 minutes. Remove foil carefully and bake for 3 to 5 minutes more, or until it is completely pale golden.nRaise oven temperature to 450 degrees F.nMake the filling: In a large bowl stir together the sugar, tapioca, pinch of salt, vanilla, rhubarb, strawberries, and the butter until the mixture is combined well and let filling stand, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes.nMake the streusel topping: In a large bowl stir together the brown sugar, flour, butter, cinnamon, walnuts, and a pinch of salt and blend the mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Spoon the filling into the shell, sprinkle with the streusel topping around the outer 2inches of the filling, leaving the center exposed, and brush the edge of the shell with some of the egg wash. Bake the pie on a baking sheet in the lower third of the oven for 15 minutes, reduce the heat to 350 degrees F., and bake the pie for 50 minutes to 1 hour, or until the filling is bubbling and the rhubarb is tender. Brush the exposed center portion of the filling with the jelly and let the pie cool on a rack for 2 hours., ingredients: [1 recipe pate brisee recipe follows, Raw rice for weighting the shell, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons quick cooking tapioca, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 pound fresh rhubarb cut into 12inch chunks or thawed frozen rhubarb, about 4 cups, 2 cups hulled and sliced strawberries about 1 pint, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 14 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup finely chopped walnuts, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup red currant jelly, melted], title: Rhubarb Strawberry Streusel Pie, picturelink: null}, 54124: {instructions: Shuck corn and cut from the cob. Separate into 2 piles.nHeat a saute pan and add 12 of the sliced shallots, 1 pile of corn and salt, and pan roast until golden brown. Add 12 quart heavy cream. Puree and pass through a sieve, getting corn puree.nSaute the second pile of corn in the same manner. Add 12 gallon of chicken stock. Put corn stock into a blender and pass through a sieve. Put on low and simmer to reduce.nCut pumpkin in quarters. Rub with oil and garlic. Roast in a preheated 350 degree oven until tender.nRemove pumpkin pulp from outer skin and puree.nAdd roasted pumpkin puree and corn puree to corn stock. Season with salt and pepper.nMix crabmeat with sour cream and divide equal amounts between 4 bowls. Toss mache with cider vinegar and place on top of crabmeat. Lace with soup and garnish with pumpkin seed oil., ingredients: [2 ears fresh corn, 12 pound sliced shallots, 12 gallon chicken stock, 1 pumpkin, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 2 ounces crabmeat, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 bunch Mache, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar, Pumpkin seed oil, to taste], title: Roasted Corn and Pumpkin Soup with Jumbo Lump Crabmeat and Crisp Mache, picturelink: null}, 54125: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over high heat, bring the vinegar, sugar, celery seeds, vegetable oil and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil, then remove the pan from the heat and allow to cool, about 20 minutes.nIn a large bowl, toss the sliced cucumbers, onion and bell pepper with the liquid mixture and refrigerate overnight. Serve cold.nPhotograph by Sarah Anne Ward, ingredients: [1 cup white vinegar, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 14 cup vegetable oil, Salt, 5 small Kirby cucumbers, sliced 5 cups, 1 medium sweet onion, thinly sliced in rings, 1 large red or yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced], title: Cold Cucumber Salad, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 54126: {instructions: In a large cooking pot combine beef stock, wine, bay leaves, peppercorns, garlic and salt over medium heat, bring to a low boil. Place brisket in boiling mixture, fat side up, and cook at a low simmer for 4 12 hours, or until tender.nRemove brisket from pan and place on the top rack of a grill or smoker and cook for 1 hour. Baste with BBQ sauce. Remove from grill or smoker and let cool for 15 minutes. Slice thinly and serve., ingredients: [2 12 gallons good beef stock, 1 bottle dry red wine, 4 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 5 cloves garlic, 12 cup kosher salt, One 8 to 10pound brisket, fat cap on, 2 12 cups of your favorite BBQ sauce], title: Brisket, East Texas Style, picturelink: null}, 54127: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the oranges in half crosswise and squeeze out the juice. Strain and measure. You should have about 1 34 cups juice. Add more juice if you have less than this amount and remove juice if you have more.nCarefully scrape out and discard the pulp from the 2 navel oranges to form half shells. Combine 14 cup of the juice and the gelatin in a small saucepan. Set aside for 5 minutes to dissolve the gelatin. Heat the mixture slowly over low heat and stir constantly until smooth 3 to 4 minutes. Whisk in the remaining juice. Arrange the orange shells cut side up in muffin tins or ramekins. Divide the mixture among the 4 shells and cover each with plastic wrap. Chill until firm, at least 4 hours and preferably overnight. Cut each half into 3 wedges before serving., ingredients: [2 navel oranges, 2 juice oranges, 1 envelope 1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin], title: Jiggly Orange Wedges, picturelink: Hw4I2xoCtlXgt4lUS.Ni92DSuBECS}, 54128: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and garlic and cook for approximately 5 minutes or until the onion is tender. Add flour and cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour in chicken stock and bring to a light boil, stirring until thickened. Add tomatoes, thyme, and basil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes. Stir in additional chicken stock if desired. Remove from heat and allow to cool slightly.nTransfer soup in batches to a blender or food processor. Pulse until smooth. Pour soup into a large saucepan and season with kosher salt and white pepper to taste. Keep warm on low heat until ready to serve.nLadle soup into bowls. Garnish with lemon zest and drizzle with olive oil.nProvided by Chef Jim Coleman, ingredients: [2 tablespoons Filippo Beriou00ae Extra Virgin Olive Oil plus some, for drizzling, 1 onion, diced, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 1 tablespoon flour, 34 cup low sodium, fat free chicken stock, 9 medium to large ripe heirloom tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried basil, Kosher salt and white pepper, 12 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Fresh Tomato Soup, picturelink: null}, 54129: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nHeat 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the cabbage and saute until wilted but still a little firm, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nTo the same pan, add 14 cup of the olive oil. Add the rosemary sprigs and cook for 4 minutes over medium heat, turning every minute, until the rosemary leaves get crisp and lightly browned. Remove to a papertowellined plate to drain.nAdd the fusilli to the pan and toast until the edges are browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the toasted pasta to the pot of boiling water and cook until al dente, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in the saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and saute 1 minute more. Add the cannellini beans, red pepper flakes, and a generous pinch of salt and pepper saute for another 2 minutes. Add the vegetable broth, butter and lemon juice. Turn the heat down to low and simmer for 3 minutes.nDrain the pasta and add it to the saute pan. Raise the heat to medium, give the pasta a good stir, and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the sauteed cabbage. Crumble the fried rosemary with your hands and stir it into the pasta. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper as needed. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 small head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 34 pound wholewheat fusilli pasta, 1 onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 15ounce can cannellini beans, rinsed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup vegetable broth, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Hearty Summer Pasta, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 54130: {instructions: Mix butternut squash, ricotta, Parmesan, and orange zest. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Brush pasta sheet with beaten egg and cut into 4inch squares. Spoon squash filling in the middle of pasta square and fold over. Cut excess pasta with round dough cutter into half moon shape. Place on floured tray.nBoil agnolotti in salted water until tender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and place on a platter. Add butter and sage leaves to a medium sized saute pan and place over medium high heat. Cook butter and sage until butter is golden brown. Spoon butter and sage over agnolotti and sprinkle with flaked Parmesan.nCombine dry ingredients in mixer. Combine eggs, egg yolk, and spinach puree, and mix well. Add spinach and egg mixture to dry ingredients on low speed until dough is formed. Remove dough from bowl and kneed by hand for 6 to 8 minutes. Let pasta rest covered for 30 minutes before using. Roll dough into sheets., ingredients: [1 cup small dice butternut squash, roasted and fork mashed, 1 cup ricotta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus 2 tablespoons, flaked, 1 orange, zested, Salt, Pepper, Grated nutmeg, 1 pound Spinach Pasta Sheets, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons butter, 10 sage leaves, 2 cups all purpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 cup semolina flour, 3 eggs, 1 egg yolk, 1 cup spinach, pureed], title: Butternut Squash Ravioli: Agnolotti di Zucca, picturelink: YxEPNtxEcgJDGgBceWF8I9T6i7n.yrC}, 54131: {instructions: Remove crust from bread. Lay bread out on counter and spread a thin layer of peanut butter on each slice. Peel banana and slice enough to cover every other piece of bread. You will be making 3 complete sandwiches. Drizzle a small amount of honey on each piece of bread that does not have banana on it. These are the tops. Place honey drizzled piece of bread on top of a piece with bananas on it to make a sandwich. Repeat until you have made 3 sandwiches.nIn a shallow medium sized bowl, gently whip, by hand, the eggs, cream, vanilla, rum, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt.nHeat skillet to medium heat, around 350 to375 degrees F, or until butter melts and begins to sizzle. Dip 1 sandwich at a time into rum batter and place into skillet. Cook until golden brown about 3 to 4 minutes before turning on each side. Remove from skillet and cut in 12 diagonally. Top with powdered sugar, butter and maple syrup., ingredients: [6 slices dayold white or wheat bread, 1 to 2 ripe bananas, 8 tablespoons creamy peanut butter, Honey, for drizzling, 4 eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, Dash salt, Butter or oil, for frying, Powdered sugar, for topping, Maple Syrup, for topping], title: Peanut Butter and Banana Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: null}, 54132: {instructions: Special equipment: Food ProcessornRoughly chop the cucumbers and add them to a food processor or blender. Add the yogurt, sour cream, parsley, mint, salt, cayenne, garlic and lemon juice and blend until smooth. Serve immediately, or keep chilled in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nTo serve, pour into small glasses or shot glasses., ingredients: [3 English cucumbers, peeled, sliced lengthwise and seeds scooped out with a spoon, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Cool As A Cucumber Soup Shooters, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 54133: {instructions: Cut each of the romaine hearts in half, leaving the stem end intact so the leaves stay together. Top each with a few rings of onions, and place 5 olives in a small pile on each plate.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, lemon juice, oregano, salt and pepper. Drizzle some dressing over each lettuce half and serve., ingredients: [4 small hearts romaine lettuce, 12 rings thinly sliced red onion about 14 medium onion, 20 kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Romaine Hearts with Greek Dressing, picturelink: enHz6queVbTgoJnFjwVLAD7Su9g48y}, 54134: {instructions: Whisk together the juices, oil, ancho powder, garlic and salt and pepper, to taste, in a small bowl and let stand 10 minutes at room temperature.nPreheat grill to medium.nBrush some of the wet rub on each side of the fillets and season them with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Remove from the grill, let rest 5 minutes and flake into large pieces with a fork. Serve wrapped in the tortillas with the cabbage, cilantro, Relish and Salsas. Garnish plates with lime wedges.nCombine avocados, papaya, onion, chile, lime juice, oil, honey and salt and pepper, to taste, in a medium serving bowl. Fold in the cilantro until combined and serve at room temperature.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. In a large bowl, add 3 tablespoons oil, the tomatillos, onion, and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Toss until the tomatillos are well coated. Place in a roasting pan and roast, in the preheated oven, until soft and golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes.nPlace the tomatillos, onions, garlic, chipotle, lime juice, and spinach in a food processor and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the remaining 12 cup olive oil and season with honey and salt and pepper, to taste. Remove to a serving bowl and serve at room temperature.nIn a medium bowl combine the tomatoes, onion, garlic, and chile. In a separate bowl whisk together the vinegar, canola oil, sour cream, and salt and pepper, to taste. Toss the tomato mixture with the dressing. Place in a serving bowl and top with chopped cilantro., ingredients: [34 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 14 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 3 heaping tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds red snapper fillets, 6inch flour tortillas, Shredded red cabbage, Cilantro leaves, AvocadoPapaya Relish, recipe follows, TomatilloChipotle Salsa, recipe follows, Sour Cream Salsa, recipe follows, Lime wedges, 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 ripe papaya, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 serrano or jalapeno chile, finely diced you can use more chiles if you want it spicier, 2 limes, juiced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons canola oil, plus 12 cup, 8 tomatillos, washed and halved, 1 large red onion, peeled and quartered, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 teaspoons chipotle in adobo puree, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 cup spinach leaves, blanched, Honey, 2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons sour cream or creme fraiche, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped cilantro leaves], title: Wet Rub Red Snapper Tacos with AvocadoPapaya Salsa, Sour Cream and Tomatillo Chipotle Salsas, picturelink: null}, 54135: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees FnIn a medium bowl, combined thawed peaches, brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, vanilla extract and cornstarch, mix well to coat all of the peaches. Pour mixture into a cast iron skillet that has been coated in nonstick spray. Randomly place tablespoon size dollops of cream cheese on top of the peaches.nIn a small bowl, combine the sugar and the remaining cinnamon. Remove biscuits from the can and separate. Dredge each biscuit in the cinnamonsugar mixture and set aside.nArrange biscuits over peaches. Place skillet in oven and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until biscuits are brown and filling is bubbly. Remove from oven cool slightly., ingredients: [2 pounds frozen peaches, thawed, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, divided, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, cold and cut in 12inch cubes, 14 cup sugar, 1 16.3ounce can biscuits recommended: Pillsbury Grands Southern Style Biscuits, 2 tablespoons butter or cooking spray], title: Peaches and Cream Skillet Shortcake, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 54136: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken rub: In a small bowl mix all the ingredients together and use for the grilled chicken. You can store extra rub mixture in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nFor the chicken: Preheat your grill to mediumhigh heat.nRub the chicken and its cavity down with the vegetable oil. Season the chicken with rub mixture, remembering to season the cavity. Pour out 14 of the beer and sit the chicken on top of the beer can. Place the chicken in the center of the hot grill and cover. Cook the chicken for 1 to 1 12 hours, or until an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F. Once cooked, cover loosely with foil and let rest for 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 4 pounds chicken, washed and dried, Vegetable oil, Beer Can Chicken Rub, 1 12ounce can beer], title: Pats Beer Can Grilled Chicken, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 54137: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the sweet potatoes directly on the rack in the oven. Roast until the sweet potatoes are tender, about 1 hour. Let cool completely. When cooled, remove the skin from the potatoes and transfer the flesh to a bowl. Mash with a fork until smooth. Stir in the butter, scallions, sausage and curry paste until combined.nShape the sweet potato mixture into 3inch cakes about 1inch thick. In a large shallow bowl, whisk the egg until lightly beaten add the panko to another shallow dish. Dip the potato cakes in the egg, and then coat evenly in the panko.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. In batches, cook the fritters in the hot oil until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Stir together the mayonnaise and sambal serve the hot fritters with the chili mayonnaise., ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 scallions, chopped about 14 cup, 13 cup chopped Chinese sausage, 1 tablespoon red curry paste, 1 large egg, 1 cup panko, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sambal chili paste], title: Sweet Potato Fritters with Chinese Sausage, picturelink: null}, 54138: {instructions: Add softened ice cream to a mixer with paddle attachment, or mixed by hand in a bowl. Whip the ice cream for 3 to 4 minutes, increasing the air volume in the ice cream. Add the spices and the honey and mix for additional 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the mixer and put into a shallow pan. Freeze until set, about 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the apples, evenly in a ring pattern in the crust, starting on the outer edge going to center. In a bowl, add the melted butter, nutmeg, cinnamon and sugar and stir to combine. Pour the mixture over the apples. Bake until the apples have softened, about 30 to 35 minutes.nIn a small bowl, add the butter and sugar and whisk well until smooth. Set aside.nRemove the tart from the oven and dollop with the sweet butter topping. Return the tart to the oven until the topping has crusted, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to rest for 10 to 15 minutes before serving.nTop each warm slice with honey ice cream and enjoy., ingredients: [1 pint good quality vanilla ice cream, softened, Pinch ground mace or ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 9inch tart crust, storebought or homemade, 2 pounds apples Golden Delicious, Granny Smith or Pippin, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 pound butter, cut into pats, room temperature], title: Apple Tart with Honey Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 54139: {instructions:  Prepare brown sugar simple syrup equal parts brown sugar and water heated until sugar is dissolved then cooled.nAdd peach puree to honey bourbon, peachflavored liqueur, 1 tablespoon brown sugar simple syrup. Shake ingredients together over ice, then strain.nIn a separate bowl or canister, add 1tablespoon brown sugar simple syrup to whipped cream and top the drink.nSeries: Drinks with Alie and Georgia Episode: Grill Your Peaches Cocktail Ep. 24, ingredients: [2 ounces grilled peach puree, 2 tablespoons brown sugar simple syrup, 2 ounces honey bourbon, 1 ounce peachflavored liqueur, Ice, as needed, 2 ounces whipped cream, infused with brown sugar simple syrup], title: Grill Your Peaches Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 54140: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line a flat baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl add ground beef, onion powder, egg, panko crumbs, garlic, Worcestershire, salt, pepper, couple dashes of Italian seasoning. Mix thoroughly. Shape into 1inch balls. Push in to the mixture a cube of cheese. Reshape the meatball. Place on lined baking sheet. Do this until all of the meatballs have been formed. Bake in the oven until browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. If the cheese cube that was used is too big it will melt out of the meatball.nIn a slow cooker, on medium heat add the tomato sauce, crushed tomatoes, Italian seasonings to taste onion, and garlic. Keep hot while the meatballs cook. Add the meatballs once they are done cooking. Serve with toothpicks. The sauce can be heated on stove top., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 egg, 1 cup panko bread crumbs Japanese bread crumbs, 1 12 teaspoons freshly chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper, to taste, Italian seasoning marjoram, thyme, rosemary, savory, sage, oregano, and basil, 8 ounces mozzarella cheese, cut into 14inch cubes, 2 or 3 15ounce cans tomato sauce, 1 15ounce can crushed tomatoes, Italian seasoning, to taste, 1 chopped medium onion, 1 12 teaspoons fresh chopped garlic], title: Pizza Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 54141: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWith a teaspoon, scoop out the flesh from the interior of the zucchini, so they resemble boats. Place the zucchini boats in a 9by13inch casserole dish. Chop the zucchini flesh and set aside.nIn a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and let heat through. Add the sweet and the hot Italian sausage, and cook for 4 minutes. Add the garlic, onion, chopped zucchini flesh, tomatoes and some salt and pepper. Cook until softened, about 4 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, add the Parmesan, mozzarella, breadcrumbs and parsley mix to combine.nSpoon in and mound the sausage mixture into the zucchini boats. Sprinkle the breadcrumb mixture over top. Place in oven and bake until golden on top, 20 minutes., ingredients: [4 medium zucchini, cut in half lengthwise, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces sweet loose Italian sausage, 8 ounces hot loose Italian sausage, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 medium vineripened tomatoes, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Parmesan, finely grated, 12 cup mozzarella, shaved, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: SausageStuffed Zucchini Boats, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 54142: {instructions: Prepare 1 pound frozen french fries as the label directs. Meanwhile, cook 12 thinly sliced onion, 1 tablespoon hot paprika and 1 teaspoon salt in 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring, 4 minutes. Add 1 minced garlic clove and cook 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat and add 3 chopped scallions and 2 tablespoons chopped parsley. Add the fries and toss to coat.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Fries, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 54143: {instructions: For fish stock: Pour water into large pot and add bones, white wine, carrots, onion and leek. Simmer for 30 minutes over low heat. Strain and discard bones and vegetables. Season stock with salt and pepper and reduce to half its volume.nPoach fillets with Vermouth and 34cup stock in large pan over low heat for 10 minutes.nPour off most of stock from fillets into saucepan and bring to a boil. Meanwhile, sprinkle fish with remaining vermouth and season. Keep warm on low heat.nStrain the boiling stock into a clean pan and reduce over high heat to 12 cup. Add cream and boil again. Beat egg yolks in bowl and add cream sauce to yolks. Pour all back into pot and reduce heat to low. Do not boil. To serve, arrange fillets on a platter, coat with sauce, and garnish with sliced truffle., ingredients: [3 cups cold water, Bones from 2 sole, 12 cup white wine, 1 medium carrot, finely sliced, 1 medium onion, finely sliced, 1 medium leek, finely sliced, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 2 14ounce sole, filleted into 8 portions, 2 14 cups Italian dry vermouth, 12 cup whipping cream, 4 egg yolks, 1 black truffle, sliced very thinly], title: Fillets de Sole Vermouth, picturelink: null}, 54144: {instructions: For the dough: In a large mixing bowl, add all of the ingredients, and mix until the ingredients come together to form a dough. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface, and knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 to 15 minutes. Wrap in plastic wrap and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the meat filling: combine the beef, veal, onion, celery, carrots, salt, and pepper in a roasting pan and roast until cooked through, about 1 hour. Let cool.nAdd the spinach, then grind ingredients in a meat grinder with a fine grind. Add the eggs and cheese, and mix well, to create a pastelike texture.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface using a rolling pin. Make a large, very thin layer of dough. Spread out a thin layer of filling on half of one side of the dough, using a spatula. Fold the dough end over the filling side of the dough. Mark the filled dough with a ravioli marker ravioli rolling pin. Cut ravioli out using a ravioli cutter. Freeze until hard.nTo bread the ravioli: Make an egg wash by mixing together the eggs and the milk. Add the ravioli to the wash, then dip in the seasoned bread crumbs. Refreeze until ready to fry.nPreheat a deep fryer to 350 degrees F.nFry the ravioli until golden brown. Serve hot on a plate sprinkled with freshly grated Parmesan on top and tomato sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 12 cups flour, 3 eggs, 3 tablespoons salad oil, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound beef, cubed, 12 pound veal, cubed, 12 cup chopped onions, 12 cup chopped celery, 12 cup chopped carrots, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups cooked, chopped spinach, 4 eggs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 cups milk, 4 cups seasoned bread crumbs, Grated Parmesan, for garnish, Tomato sauce, for serving], title: Charlie Gittos Toasted Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 54145: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sift the flour, confectioners sugar and salt onto a sheet of parchment paper. Sift again, then set aside.nBeat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until frothy. Add the cream of tartar and beat until soft peaks form, about 5 minutes. Gradually beat in the granulated sugar, about 1 tablespoon at a time, then increase the speed to medium high and continue beating until stiff, shiny peaks form, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the vanilla, lime zest and ginger and beat a few seconds to combine.nSprinkle onequarter of the flour mixture over the egg mixture and gently fold with a rubber spatula. Fold in the remaining flour mixture in 3 additions. Transfer the batter to an ungreased 10inch tube pan. Bake until the cake feels springy and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 50 minutes. Invert the pan onto a funnel or the neck of a bottle and cool completely. Loosen the edges with a small knife, tap the sides of the pan against the counter and unmold.nMake the sauce: Puree 2 half pints raspberries in a blender with 2 tablespoons water, the granulated sugar, lime zest and lime juice. Strain to remove the seeds. Top the cake with confectioners sugar, the sauce and the remaining raspberries.nSERVES: 8 Dessert Calories: 325 Total Fat 0.5 grams Saturated Fat: 0 grams Protein: 7 grams Total carbohydrates: 75 grams Sugar: 57 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 150 milligramsnPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup minus 1 tablespoon cake flour, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, plus more for topping, 14 teaspoon salt, 11 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 3 tablespoons finely grated peeled ginger, 3 half pints raspberries, 13 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice], title: Ginger Angel Food Cake, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 54146: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMix all ingredients for 10 minutes, but dont overmix leave some lumps. Pour into 2 large muffin trays. Bake for 30 minutes or until golden brown and a tester inserted in the middle comes out clean., ingredients: [12 quart whole eggs, 14 quart oil, 1 pounds butter, softened, 14 pound bakers shortening, 38ounce salt, 1 pound sugar, 1 12 ounces vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon butter flavoring, 1 38 ounces baking powder, 1 18 pounds bread flour, 1 12 cups whole fresh cranberries], title: Cranberry Muffin, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 54147: {instructions: Remove the stems from the parsley and mince either by hand or with quick pulses in a food processor. The parsley should be finely chopped, but if you use a food processor be careful not to puree it. The parsley should form a fluffy base for other textures.nChop the olives, walnuts, and green onions by hand into a rough dice. Dice the prepared tomatoes and drain.nCombine all of the chopped ingredients in a large wooden bowl. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, cumin, and red pepper flakes and toss to combine. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nTo toast nuts: Place nuts in a dry saute pan over medium heat. Toast, while shaking the pan to avoid overheating in 1 spot. Remove from the heat after 3 to 5 minutes when the nuts have achieved a nice pale golden color., ingredients: [2 bunches fresh parsley, 1 cup pitted kalamata, Greek, or nicoise olives about 1 14 cups with pits, 1 cup walnuts, toasted, 1 bunch green onions, 2 large tomatoes, peeled and seeded, 13 cup goodquality extra virgin olive oil, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon cumin powder, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Freshly ground coarse black pepper], title: Parsley Walnut Salad, picturelink: null}, 54148: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the turkey, beef, pork, eggs and breadcrumbs and fold ingredients until evenly combined.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add olive oil and heat. Add the celery, peppers and mushrooms and saute until translucent. Remove from heat and allow to completely cool. Once cooled, add to meat mixture along with garlic powder, cumin and salt and pepper, to taste, and combine.nPlace meat mixture into large loaf pan.nIn another small bowl, combine the ketchup, soy sauce and brown sugar and smooth and slather onto meat mixture, reserving some for basting. Top with bacon slices, place into preheated oven and cook for about 1 hour or until the meatloaf registers 180 degrees F when an instantread thermometer is inserted into the center.nOnce the meatloaf is at 180 degrees F, remove from the oven, top with extra sauce and cheese slices and place back into oven just until the cheese melts. Remove from the oven, cut and serve.nCooks Note: If the sauce and bacon on the top starts to get too brown, cover the loaf pan with a piece of aluminum foil.nThis recipe was provided by a finalist, who may or may not be a professional cook, for The Next Food Network Star. Food Network has not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 pounds ground pork, 12 eggs, 2 cups plain bread crumbs, 1 ounce olive oil, 3 ounces celery, chopped, 2 ounces red bell pepper, chopped, 3 ounces shiitake mushrooms, chopped, 3 ounces button mushrooms, chopped, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 slices bacon, Mozzarella cheese slices], title: Meatloaf Topped with Bacon and Cheese, picturelink: jpCRi1mr14ObcVDDNszcVkMFIqtNPHO}, 54149: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vodka, lemon juice, and sugar and pour into a cocktail shaker with ice. Pour into martini glasses and garnish with lemon slices., ingredients: [2 cups frozen vodka, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, Ice], title: Lemon Drop Cocktail, picturelink: KzlBQ.MHAPb2IdRtcEkJ5VfMyCQr902}, 54150: {instructions: In an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook, add eggs, 1 at a time, and mix. Continue mixing and add all the flour and water continue mixing until it forms a ball. Sprinkle some flour on work surface, and knead the dough until elastic and smooth. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and let it rest for about 30 minutes to allow the gluten to relax.nCut the ball of dough in half, cover and reserve the dough you are not immediately using to prevent it from drying out. Dust the counter and dough with flour. Form the dough into a rectangle and roll it through the pasta machine, 2 or 3 times, at its widest setting. Guide the sheet of dough with the palm of your hand as it emerges from the rollers. Reduce the setting and crank the dough through again, 2 or 3 times. Continue until the machine is at its narrowest setting. The dough should be paperthin, about 18inch thick.nDust the counter and dough with flour, and lay out the long sheet of pasta. Brush the top surface of dough with egg wash. Drop 1 tablespoon of cooled filling about 2 inches apart on half the sheet of pasta. Fold the unfilled half over the filling. With an espresso cup or finger, gently press out air pockets around each mound of filling and form a seal. Use a crimper to cut each pillow into squares. Check to make sure the crimped edges are well sealed before cooking. If making ravioli in advance, dust with cornmeal to prevent them from sticking.nCook the ravioli in plenty of boiling water for 10 to 15 minutes. Ravioli will float to the top when cooked so be careful not to overcrowd the pot. Lift the ravioli from water with a large strainer or slotted spoon. Plate the pasta, top with your favorite pasta sauce and grated cheese before serving.nIn a mixing bowl, thoroughly combine all ingredients. Chill in the refrigerator a few minutes to firm up the filling., ingredients: [4 eggs, plus 2 eggs, beaten, for egg wash, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for dusting, 12 cup water, Ricotta Cheese Filling, recipe follows, 1 cup ricotta cheese, well drained, 1 egg, Salt and pepper], title: Homemade Ravioli with Ricotta Cheese Filling, picturelink: null}, 54151: {instructions: In the bowl of a standing mixer, combine the flour, salt, honey, and water and mix for 2 minutes on low speed to form a ball. Add yeast and continue to mix for an additional 6 minutes. Add the olive oil and mix until fully incorporated. Portion dough into 5 4 12 ounce pieces, and form into tight balls. Refrigerate for 1 hour, to proof.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees. Pound out dough to release air bubbles, and form dough into discs. Brush each disk with chili oil. Place onions on dough. Bake in oven for 7 to 10 minutes, or until golden in color. Remove from the oven. Spread each pizza with creme fraiche, and sprinkle with dill. Place salmon over pizzas, and sprinkle with chives. Slice pizzas into 6 slices and add 1 tablespoon caviar to each slice., ingredients: [15 ounces bread flour, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 7 12 ounces water, 12 teaspoon yeast, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 tablespoons chili oil, 14 cup red onion, sliced, 1 cup creme fraiche, 4 tablespoons fresh dill, roughly chopped, 30 smoked salmon slices, 18 cup chopped chives, 15 ounces black caviar, such as Romanoff lumpfish], title: Jewish Pizza, picturelink: null}, 54152: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in food coloring.n2. Add Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated.n3. Using 14cup measuring cup coated with cooking spray portion cereal mixture. Using buttered hands mold each portion into small wreaths. Decorate with frosting andor candies. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [Canned frosting or decorating gel, Assorted candies, 3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows or 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 1 teaspoon green food coloring, 6 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal], title: Holiday Wreaths, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 54153: {instructions: Heat oil in deepfryer to 375 degrees F or as instructed in the manufacturers instructions for similar foods. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine cornmeal, flour, garlic powder, cayenne, salt and pepper, and mix well to make chicken coating. Add coating to a plastic food storage bag in batches. Moisten chicken with buttermilk, shake in bag of coating, and allow excess to fall away.nDeepfry chicken until crispy and transfer to a baking pan. Bake in 350 degree F oven until cooked through., ingredients: [3 to 4 liters canola oil, or as needed to deep fry, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 24 bonein chicken wings andor thighs, rinsed and patted dry with paper towels, 1 to 2 cups buttermilk as need to moisten chicken], title: Cayenne Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54154: {instructions: Toast 1 or 2 marshmallows. Place toasted marshmallows on a graham cracker. Top with a chocolate and cover with a second graham cracker. Let sit for 1 minute until chocolate melts, then eat. Mmmmmm., ingredients: [14 bag marshmallows, 14 box graham crackers, Assorted fancy chocolates], title: Smores, picturelink: null}, 54155: {instructions: In medium saucepan combine water, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Bring to a boil and cook until liquid has reduced by about onequarter and a light syrup forms, about 15 minutes. Add pumpkin or squash, reduce heat to very low and simmer gently until the pumpkin is translucent, about 45 minutes. If preparing in advance remove the pumpkin from syrup with a slotted spoon and store pumpkin separately. When ready to serve, combine the pumpkin and syrup in a small skillet and reheat over low heat. Just before serving, stir in the heavy cream. Spoon over ice cream and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cup water, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 large Mexican cinnamon stick or 3 regular cinnamon sticks, 12 pound pumpkin or acorn squash, peeled and cut into 2inch cubes, 14 cup heavy cream optional, 1 12  2 pints vanilla ice cream], title: Candied Pumpkin Ice Cream Syrup, picturelink: null}, 54156: {instructions: Thinly slice the carrots into ribbons using a vegetable peeler or mandolin, including any remaining stubs of carrot. Soak in ice water until the ribbons firm up and curl, about 15 minutes. Drain and pat dry.nWhisk together the cilantro, olive oil, honey, 12 teaspoon salt and the lime juice in a medium bowl. Add the carrots along with the feta cheese, almonds and dates, and toss until evenly combined. Serve immediately, or let the salad marinate a bit before serving., ingredients: [3 medium carrots, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons honey, Kosher salt, Juice of 1 lime, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped toasted almonds, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dates], title: Carrot, Date and Feta Salad, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 54157: {instructions: Coat the bottom and sides of an 11by17inch rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Prepare the cake mixes as directed spread in the baking sheet, filling it about threequarters of the way you will have leftover batter.nBake the cake at 350 degrees F until a toothpick comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool in the pan, then scrape off the top of the cake with a fork, leaving a border for the crust.nCut the fruit leather into 1 12inch circles using a cookie cutter or kitchen shears and set aside. If the strips are too narrow, roll them out slightly with a rolling pin before cutting.nGrate about 2 tablespoons of white chocolate into a bowl and set aside. Chop the remaining white chocolate.nMicrowave the chopped white chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl in 30second intervals, stirring, until smooth.nMix the preserves with 2 tablespoons of the melted white chocolate in another bowl u00bf this will make the sauce more opaque.nSpread the strawberry sauce on the cake, inside the border.nTop with spoonfuls of the remaining melted white chocolate, spreading each slightly with the back of a spoon. Sprinkle with the grated white chocolate.nUse a kitchen torch to toast the melted white chocolate and the edges of the cake. Top with the fruitleather circles.nPhotograph by Jeff Harris, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 15 to 18ounce boxes white cake mix plus required ingredients, 5 to 6 strips allnatural berryflavored fruit leather, 8 ounces white chocolate, 1 16 to 18ounce jar strawberry preserves not jelly], title: Sicilian Pizza Cake, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 54158: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker filled with ice, add the vodka, orange liqueur, orange juice and lime juice. Cover and shake vigorously. Put a teaspoonsized scoop of orange sherbet into each chilled martini glass. Strain the vodka mixture into the martini glasses. Garnish each glass with 2 orange slices and serve., ingredients: [Ice, 1 cup vodka, 1ounce orange liqueur recommended Grand Marnier, 14 cup orange juice, Splash lime juice, 2 teaspoons orange sherbet, 4 orange slices, for garnish], title: Orange Sherbet Martini, picturelink: null}, 54159: {instructions: Mix lime juice, pepper, cayenne and salt and stir until dissolved. Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Add pepita seeds and toss frequently until seeds begin to turn light golden and expand. Add seasoned lime juice all at once and stir well to coat all seeds. Remove from heat and cool in the pan.Serve at room temperature.nAlso great in salads for a crunchy texture., ingredients: [1 12 cups pepitas raw hulled green pumpkin seeds, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 to 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice], title: Lime Toasted Pepitas, picturelink: null}, 54160: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water and add salt. Cover, bring to a boil and continue to boil 12 to 15 minutes until the potatoes are cooked al dente cooked through but not overdone. Drain and set aside.nIn a large bowl combine the yellow pepper, mesclun lettuce and calamata olives. Add the roasted onion and tomato.nWhen the potatoes have cooled down a bit, slice them into small chunks. Add the potatoes to the vegetables in the bowl, and pour the vinaigrette on top. Gently toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve at room temperature or save in the refrigerator for up to 2 days.nPut all the ingredients in a blender and mix at medium speed until wellblended., ingredients: [2 pounds small to mediumsized unpeeled purple potatoes use Yukon Gold or peeled Idaho as substitutes, 1 red onion, roasted and coarsely chopped, 1 tomato, roasted and coarsely chopped, 1 roasted yellow bell pepper, seeded and julienned, 1 cup mesclun lettuce i.e. Bibb, radicchio, arugula, baby spinach, etc., 12 cup calamata olives, pitted and finely chopped, Cilantro and Olive Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 3 tablespoons nicoise olives, pitted and finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons Pommeroy mustard, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Purple Peruvian Potato and Bell Pepper LowFat Salad in a Cilantro and Olive Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 54161: {instructions: Melt the Clarified Butter in large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Fry the thyme and sage in the butter until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the flour and cook for 1 minute or until the mixture smells nutty. Add the potato starch and stir to combine.nAdd the chicken broth and soy sauce to the pan. Whisk to combine and eliminate any lumps. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until thickened slightly, approximately 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the vinegar and nutmeg. Pour into a thermos to keep warm for serving.nMelt the butter in a heavy saucepan over low heat and slowly cook until the bubbling ceases and the liquid turns clear, 30 to 40 minutes. Strain and cool, being sure to leave any solids in the bottom of the pan. Store in an airtight container in the fridge for up to a month.nYield: approximately 15 ounces, ingredients: [2 ounces Clarified Butter, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh sage, 1 ounce allpurpose flour, 1 ounce potato starch, 1 quart lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar or Vincotto, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 pound unsalted butter], title: Good Gravy, picturelink: null}, 54162: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking pan with butter.nAdd the flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt to a medium bowl and stir to combine. Set aside.nCream together the butter and sugar with an electric mixer. Add the egg and mix until combined. Mix in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture and milk alternately and mix until totally incorporated. Do not overbeat. Stir in the blueberries until evenly distributed. Pour the batter into the prepared pan.nFor the topping: Combine the flour, sugar, butter, cinnamon and salt in a medium bowl and cut together using 2 knives or a pastry cutter. Sprinkle over the top of the batter.nBake until the cake is golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Sprinkle with sugar. Cut into squares and serve with softened butter., ingredients: [5 tablespoons salted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 heaping teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup whole milk, 2 cups fresh blueberries, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons salted butter, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, Sugar, for sprinkling, Softened butter, for serving], title: Blueberry Coffee Cake, picturelink: 2NoUOQ78ix9OVD6cBAB8hZyKkL5IH7e}, 54163: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, Simple Syrup and vanilla bean paste in a large pitcher. If not serving immediately, refrigerate the pitcher.nTo serve, add the sparkling water to the pitcher and stir to combine. Pour the lemonade into individual glasses of crushed ice. Garnish with a sprig of fresh basil or mint and a lemon slice.nIn a small saucepan bring the sugar and water to a boil over medium heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool., ingredients: [1 cup fresh lemon juice, 34 cup Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons vanilla bean paste, 8 cups 2 quarts cold sparkling water, Crushed ice, Fresh basil or mint leaves, for garnish, Lemon slices, for garnish, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup water], title: Vanilla Bean Lemonade, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 54164: {instructions: Preheat oven to 220 degrees. Wash ham thoroughly and pat dry. Place ham in roaster that has a lid. Pour 1 liter of rootbeer over ham. Add half the kumquats and 12 cup of brown sugar. Bake covered, for 6 hours, basting often. When done, remove ham from juices and discard juices. Return ham to roaster. In saucepan, combine remaining brown sugar and 2 cups of rootbeer. Bring to a boil and reduce until thickened enough to coat ham. Remove from heat and stir in both kinds of mustard. Brush sauce over top of ham and return to 300 degree oven uncovered to let brown. Add more sauce as needed. Add remaining kumquats during final 15 to 20 minutes of cooking. Be careful not to burn top of ham. Serve remaining sauce separately., ingredients: [12 to 15 pound ham, spiral cut preferably, 2 liters quality rootbeer, 1 12 cups dark brown sugar, 3 to 4 tablespoons hot spicy mustard, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 pound kumquats or green seedless grapes], title: Rootbeer Ham with Kumquats, picturelink: null}, 54165: {instructions: Gently pull the stamen out of each zucchini flower. Set the flowers aside.nBeat the flour, eggs, and salt together in a bowl until they are smooth. Beat in the milk. Set the batter aside.nMix the mozzarella, capers, tomato and basil together and fill the inside of each zucchini flower with some of this mixture. Fold the ends of the petals over the filling to enclose it.nHeat the oil to a depth of 2 inches in a heavy saucepan or a wok.nDip the stuffed flowers into the batter, allowing any excess to run off. Fry the flowers until they turn light gold, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain them on absorbent paper as they are done. Sprinkle them lightly with salt and serve them while they are warm., ingredients: [16 fresh zucchini courgette flowers, 34 cup flour, 3 large eggs, Salt to taste, 14 cup milk, 6 ounces mozzarella, chopped, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 1 ovendried tomato chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, Vegetable oil for deep frying], title: Stuffed Zucchini Flowers, picturelink: null}, 54166: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet, cook the onions until soft. Add potatoes and cook over mediumheat until almost done with no color, about 10 minutes. Break the potatoes up a bit with a spatula, then transfer the potatoes and onions to the bowl with the eggs. Stir the potatoes around to cover well with the egg, and season with salt and pepper. Remove most of the oil from the skillet, leaving about 1 tablespoon. Add the egg mixture, reduce the heat to low and cook omelet slowly until golden and firm enough to flip. Carefully flip omelet, slipping it onto another plate if necessary, and cook until done, it should still be soft inside, and about 1inch thick.nCut omelet into squares and serve immediately hot, or let cool to room temperature and serve., ingredients: [34 cup olive oil, 2 pounds potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 onions, finely diced, 6 eggs, lightly beaten in a large bowl, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tortilla de Patata and Cebolla, picturelink: null}, 54167: {instructions: In a nonstick skillet, cook bacon until crisp. Remove bacon to paper towels to drain. Allow bacon to cool and crumble. Add onions and celery to bacon fat and cook until tender. Stir in mushrooms and cook until golden. Stir in seasonings. Remove skillet from heat and let cool.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees. Soak 3 cups stuffing croutons in water. Squeeze out water from croutons so that they are moist but not soggy. In a large bowl, combine dry and moist croutons with onion mushroom mixture. Mix in eggs and moisten with water if necessary. Fill cavity of turkey with stuffing. Cover opening of cavity with foil. Tuck wings under turkey. Make a small slit in neck skin and tuck legs through slit to secure. Transfer leftover stuffing to a baking dish, cover with foil and bake alongside turkey. This may need to be moistened. Place stuffed turkey in roasting pan. Rub turkey with butter and season. Roast uncovered for 30 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees and continue roasting for approximately 3 hours or 15 to 20 minutes per pound. Baste the turkey with its drippings occasionally as it cooks. Turkey is done when pricked with a knife on the thigh the juices run clear. When turkey is done, transfer to a cutting board and cover with foil. Allow turkey to rest so that juices can be reabsorbed. Place roasting pan over medium high heat. Skim off excess fat with a spoon and reserve in a bowl. Add 3 cups hot chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Using a wooden spoon, scrape up brown bits stuck to bottom of pan. In a small dish, combine into a paste 3 tablespoons flour with 3 tablespoons of reserved fat. Whisk flour mixture into simmering gravy. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 small 8 to 10 pound turkey, thawed, rinsed and giblets removed, 4 slices bacon, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 cup sliced celery, 2 cups mushrooms, 2 teaspoons celery seed, Butter, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons ground sage, 6 cups plain stuffing croutons, store bought, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup water], title: Roast Turkey with Stuffing and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 54168: {instructions: Pierce the steaks with a fork to make numerous holes.nIn a medium bowl, mix BBQ sauce, scallions, garlic, rosemary, and jalapeno pepper. Remove 12 cup of mixture and reserve for rolls. Add 14 cup oil and the steaks to the bowl and let marinate for 30 minutes, or up to 2 hours.nPreheat grill to medium and oil grates.nPlace steaks on the oiled grill and grill 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove steaks to a plate and set aside.nRub grill with 2 tablespoons oil. Grill onions until desired char marks are made. Brush the cut sides of the rolls with melted butter and toast or grill set aside. Top each steak with 2 slices of cheese and some grilled onions. Place the steaks back on the grill, and cover until cheese is melted. Spread toasted buns with the 12 cup of reserved sauce, if desired, and place the steaks on the bottom half of the rolls. Cover with the top halves and serve with coleslaw and pickles., ingredients: [1 pound 4 pieces cubed sirloin steak, 2 cups your favorite hickory smoked BBQ sauce, 14 cup scallions, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 whole jalapeno pepper, sliced thin, 14 cup canola oil, plus 2 tablespoons, plus more oil for grill, 1 large Vidalia onion, sliced 14inch thick, 4 kaiser rolls, split in half, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 8 slices Cheddar, Coleslaw and dill pickles, as an accompaniment], title: BBQ Grill Cubed Sirloin Steak with Jalapeno BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54169: {instructions: For the shrimp croquettes: Melt the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallot and saute until softened, about 4 minutes. Use a wire whisk to stir in the flour. Cook for 1 minute, and then add the shrimp. Stir in the milk and cook until the mixture is very thick, stirring constantly for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add the lemon juice and some salt and pepper.nAllow the croquette mixture to cool completely before shaping into small meatballsized balls. Place the breadcrumbs in a shallow dish. Mix the beaten eggs with 2 tablespoons water. Double coat the croquettes by rolling them first in the crumbs, then in the egg mixture, and then in the crumbs again. Place each coated croquette on a baking sheet. Cover the croquettes and set them aside.nFor the creamed green peas: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the flour and cook until smooth and lightly browned, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the milk and continue cooking on medium heat, stirring often. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the mixture is smooth and thick, about 6 minutes. Stir in the peas, and keep warm while you fry the croquettes.nHeat the oil to about 375 degrees F in a deep, heavy pot. Preheat the oven to 150 degrees F.nAdd the croquettes to the hot oil in batches, making sure not to crowd the pan. Cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Drain the croquettes on paper towels, sprinkle with salt, and keep warm in the oven as you fry the remaining croquettes. Make sure the oil returns to 375 degrees F before cooking the next batch, or they will be heavy and greasy., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled, deveined and finely chopped, 12 cup milk, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and black pepper, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 3 large eggs, beaten, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Kosher salt and black pepper, 2 pounds frozen green peas, thawed, 3 cups peanut oil, for frying], title: Shrimp Croquettes with Creamed Green Peas, picturelink: OmKjHEW7bXXRniiCWXLnSts12gr1Mpi}, 54170: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, vinegar, mustard, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper until smooth. Whisk in the olive oil until completely blended. Toss the shredded carrots with the dressing in a large bowl. Taste and season with more salt or pepper as needed. Add the parsley and toss. Chill 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large carrots, peeled and shredded, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Carrot Slaw, picturelink: null}, 54171: {instructions: Whisk together olive oil, lemon juice, zest, garlic and rosemary in a medium shallow baking dish, add lamb and turn to coat. Marinate in refrigerator for 2 hours. Preheat grill. Grill lamb on both sides for 3 to 4 minutes for medium doneness. Let sit 10 minutes and slice into 14inch thick slices.nTomato Salad: Mix all ingredients together and let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes.nFeta Yogurt Sauce: Place 4 slices of lamb in the center of each pita. Top with tomato salad and drizzle with yogurt sauce., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped lemon zest, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped rosemary leaves, 1 12 pound lamb tenderloin, 4 pocketless pitas or Lavash, 1 cucumber, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 tomatoes, cut into 12inch dice, 1 small red onion, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons mint chiffonade, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup yogurt, drained, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped], title: Grilled Lamb Greek Salad Wrap, picturelink: null}, 54172: {instructions: Peel the grapefruits and remove the individual segments supreme with a sharp knife. Place the tip of the knife between the fruit segment and the membranes that separate it from the next segment and cut inward on both sides to remove. Place the fruit into a bowl and save the pulpy membrane, which is full of juice, for the dressing.nPeel and julienne the jicama tossing it into the same bowl as the fruit. Discard the pulp and add the mustard to the juice. Whisk in the honey and the jalapeno and slowly whisk in the olive oil.nToss the grapefruit and jicama with half of the dressing. Make a neat pile of greens on a dish and top with some of the salad. Drizzle some dressing around the plate, grind some pepper on top, sprinkle with sesame seeds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mustard, 2 tablespoons warm honey, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Mesclun salad greens, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 large pink grapefruit, 12 pound jicama], title: Pink Grapefruit and Jicama Salad, picturelink: null}, 54173: {instructions: Special equipment: stovetop smoker 2 tablespoons smoking oak sawdust chipsnSprinkle the sawdust chips over the center of the bottom of the smoker and put the rack in place. Place the corn on the rack. Close the lid and center the smoker over a burner. Turn the heat to medium. Smoke the corn until fully cooked, about 20 minutes. Remove from the smoker and set aside until cool enough to handle. When the corn is cool enough to handle, remove the kernels and set aside. Discard the cob. Combine the corn, cilantro, carrots, jalapenos, bell peppers, red cabbage, onions and green cabbage in a large mixing bowl. Whisk together the oil, vinegar, honey and lime juice in a small bowl and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Toss the vegetable mixture with the oil mixture and sprinkle with more salt and black pepper., ingredients: [Juice of 3 limes 14 cup, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 3 ears fresh corn, shucked 2 cups kernels, 14 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 large carrots, shredded or grated 2 cups, 1 jalapeno, halved and thinly sliced, seeds and ribs removed if desired, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced 12 cup, 12 head red cabbage, shredded about 2 cups, 12 red onion, thinly sliced 12 cup, 14 head green cabbage, shredded about 2 cups, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Tangy Coleslaw with Smoked Corn and Lime Dressing, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 54174: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heatnIn a large resealable plastic bag combine mustard, steak sauce, garlic, and parsley. Massage the bag to combine the ingredients.nPlace steak into bag with the marinade and massage bag to coat steaks. Allow to marinate for a least 30 minutes or as long as overnight, refrigerated.nRemove steaks from bag and sprinkle both sides with the steak seasoning. Place on a well oiled grill and cook 4 minutes per side for mediumrare., ingredients: [14 cup wholegrain mustard, 14 cup steak sauce, 1 tablespoon crushed garlic, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 4 ribeye steaks, approximately 1 12 to 2 pounds total, 2 tablespoons steak seasoning], title: Tart and Tangy RibEye Steaks, picturelink: dMTEUZDpy4kkN.t2XUtXUkMsle4O9e}, 54175: {instructions: In a medium bowl, stir together the garlic, gochujang, mirin, soy sauce, ginger and sesame oil. Add the pork and let marinate at room temperature for about 30 minutes or cover and refrigerate up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Spread the cut sides of the rolls with the butter. Toast the rolls cutside down, gently pressing on them so the centers toast as well, until lightly golden, about 1 minute. Transfer the rolls to the oven to keep warm.nWipe out the skillet and return it to the stove. Add the vegetable oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is cooked through and golden and lightly charred in spots, about 5 minutes. Add the onion, mushrooms and chiles and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions and mushrooms have softened slightly, about 2 minutes. Divide the mixture into 2 mounds in the skillet and top each mound with half the cheese. Cover the skillet and cook just until the cheese melts, about 1 minute.nScoop each mound onto a roll, sprinkle with some scallions, sesame seeds, gochugaru and pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, grated or minced, 1 tablespoon gochujang Korean chile paste, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 10 ounces thinly sliced skinless pork belly, Two 6inch soft Italian rolls, split, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 4 button mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 fresh Korean green chiles or jalapenos, seeded and thinly sliced on an angle, 4 ounces sliced provolone cheese, 1 scallion spring onion, thinly sliced on an angle, Roasted sesame seeds, Gochugaru Korean chile flakes, Pickled sliced jalapenos, drained], title: Spicy Pork Belly Cheesesteak, picturelink: Ux48fZcdroK.gfLwe1eooY6UF0HX.rq}, 54176: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the potatoes and leeks on a sheet pan in a single layer. Add the olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and toss to coat the vegetables evenly. Roast for 40 to 45 minutes, turning them with a spatula a few times during cooking, until very tender. Add the arugula and toss to combine. Roast for 4 to 5 more minutes, until the arugula is wilted. Remove the pan from the oven and place over 2 burners. Stir in the wine and 1 cup of the chicken stock and cook over low heat, scraping up any crispy roasted bits sticking to the pan.nIn batches, transfer the roasted vegetables to a food processor fitted with the steel blade, adding the pan liquid and about 5 cups of the chicken stock to make a puree. Pour the puree into a large pot or Dutch oven. Continue to puree the vegetables in batches until theyre all done and combined in the large pot. Add enough of the remaining 1 to 2 cups of stock to make a thick soup. Add the cream, creme fraiche, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper and check the seasonings.nWhen ready to serve, reheat the soup gently and whisk in 2 tablespoons white wine and 14 cup of Parmesan. Serve hot with an extra grating of Parmesan and crispy shallots, if using.nHeat the oil and butter in a saucepan over mediumlow heat until it reaches 220 degrees F on a candy thermometer.nReduce the heat to low, add the shallots, and cook for 30 to 40 minutes, until they are a rich golden brown. The temperature should stay below 260 degrees F. Stir the shallots occasionally to make sure they brown evenly. Remove them from the oil with a slotted spoon, drain well, and spread out to cool on paper towels. Once they have dried and crisped, they can be stored at room temperature, covered, for several days.nYield: about 12 cup, ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch chunks, 4 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts, cleaned of all sand 4 leeks, 14 cup good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups baby arugula, lightly packed, 12 cup dry white wine, plus extra for serving, 6 to 7 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 34 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces creme fraiche, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, Crispy Shallots, recipe follows, optional, 1 12 cups olive oil or vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 to 6 shallots, peeled and sliced into thin rings], title: Roasted Potato Leek Soup, picturelink: lC9FSvd6nrreN83z00bos5VGLwTTmT2}, 54177: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the ribs: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTrim any gristle from the ribs and cut them into tworib portions. Rub each piece with the salt, and sprinkle with the pepper and thyme. Arrange the ribs in a large roasting pan, add 14 cup water, the dried chiles and ginger, cover tightly and bake until tender when poked with a fork, about 3 hours.nFor the porter beer mop: Meanwhile, in a food processor, combine the serrano chile, onions, ginger and salt, and process until smooth.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat and add the butter. Add the onion mixture to the pan and cook, stirring often, until caramelized, a shade darker and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Add the porter, molasses, brown sugar and maple syrup, and cook at a simmer until the mixture thickens but is still saucy, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the cilantro, lime zest and juice and a bit of the pan juices.nTo glaze the ribs, raise the oven temperature to 450 degrees F. You may also glaze these ribs over a mediumhot grill.nBrush the mop on both sides of the ribs and roast, stopping to reapply the mop, until youve used it all and the ribs are coated with shiny black glaze, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [6 pounds beef short ribs, on the bone, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 4 dried red chiles, 1inch knob fresh ginger root, smashed, 12 to 1 fresh serrano chile depending on desired heat, stem discarded, 12 medium sweet onion, cubed, 4 inches fresh ginger root, peeled and sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 bottle dark porter beer, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, stems too, Zest and juice of 1 lime 2 teaspoons zest, 2 tablespoons juice], title: OvenBaked Short Ribs with Porter Beer Mop, picturelink: hz5cJWba2BBZMIilGC7IEmUZ2FVzjV6}, 54178: {instructions: Rub poblanos with peanut oil and place under broiler until skin begins to blacken slightly, and rotate for even cooking. Remove from broiler and place in a plastic bag or in a bowl and cover with plastic. This will allow peppers to sweat so skin can be removed. Keep in bag for approximately 30 minutes. Remove skin by peeling, stem can remain on. Slice open pepper on its side and remove seeds and membranes. Bring potatoes up to a boil in salted water and cook on simmer until tender.nRemove and hand mash with 1 12 tablespoons butter, scalded cream, salt and pepper and grated cheese.nIn a saute pan add 12 tablespoon butter and saute corn kernels quickly with salt and pepper approximately 30 seconds on high heat. Add to potato mixture.nBegin to fill peppers with potato mixture, being careful so as not to break flesh.nPlace on a sheet tray, top with shredded cheese and melt under broiler.nPlate peppers using Jicama Slaw for accompaniment, ingredients: [6 to 8 poblano peppers, Peanut oil, 4 to 5 yukon gold potatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup heavy cream, scalded, Salt and pepper, 18 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 2 ears of corn, kernels removed and reserved, 12 cup shredded mozzarella or Monterey Jack cheese], title: Twice Baked Poblano Peppers, picturelink: null}, 54179: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCook half of the bacon until crisp in a large skillet. Remove and set aside. In the same skillet that you cooked the bacon in, add the butter, mushrooms and shallots and cook for about 2 minutes. Add the crawfish and parsley and saute until tender. Pour the mixture out onto a baking sheet and add the cream cheese and mix together.nSprinkle the tenderloin with the olive oil, soy sauce, salt and pepper. Spoon the mushroom, bacon and crawfish mixture down the center of the tenderloin. Bring the two sides of the tenderloin up around the filling to meet. Use butcher string and tie around the roll at 2 inch intervals. Top with the remaining bacon.nRoast until a meat thermometer inserted into the center of the meat reads 125 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [8 ounces bacon, chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups chopped mixed mushrooms shiitake and cremini, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 pound crawfish, chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, One 8 ounce package cream cheese, cubed, One 3pound center cut beef tenderloin roast, butterflied by your butcher, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Crawfish, Bacon and Mushroom Stuffed Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 54180: {instructions: Watermelon Ingredients: Preparing the watermelon: Scoop watermelon balls out, and discard seeds. Place in small mixing bowl and toss with orange juice, olive oil, and mint. Set aside at room temperature. Take leftover scraps of watermelon and discard seeds. Place in blender and add small amount of white wine vinegar, to taste. Use this as a garnish on plate.nHerb Goat Cheese Ingredients: Preparing the salad: combine cheeses, garlic, and herbs mix well until all ingredients are combined. Season with salt and pepper. Place equal amounts on top of brioche croutons.nPlace crouton in the middle of each of 4 salad plates and set four watermelon balls on top of each crouton. Garnish with small amount of mixed greens tossed with balsamic vinegar. Drizzle some vinegar and watermelon puree on plate as garnish., ingredients: [16 large melonballer scoops watermelon yellow or red, 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed orange juice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon chopped mint, 2 ounces California goat cheese room temperature, 2 ounces cream cheese, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, 4 brioche croutons, about 12 inch thick, 2 ounces assorted mixed greens, 12 ounce aged balsamic vinegar, Salt and white pepper], title: Salad of Marinated Watermelon and Sonoma Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 54181: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the cranberries and sugar to a medium saucepan set over medium heat and cook until the cranberries break down and the mixture reduces by twothirds, 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in the mustard and remove from the heat. Using an immersion blender or blender, pulse until the mixture achieves a smooth consistency. Season with salt if needed.nCombine the breadcrumbs, cheese and cornmeal in a shallow dish. Sprinkle each cutlet with salt and pepper on both sides. Coat each cutlet with sour cream and press into the breadcrumb mixture. Place on a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack.nHeat the coconut oil in a castiron skillet set over medium heat. In batches, panfry the turkey cutlets until the first side is golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook until cooked through and golden brown, another 3 minutes. Add more oil as needed and repeat for the remaining batches. Serve with the cranberry mustard dipping sauce., ingredients: [12 ounces frozen and thawed or fresh cranberries, 12 to 34 cup granulated sugar, depending on preference, 6 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, 34 cup fine breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup coarse ground yellow cornmeal, One 2pound boneless, skinless turkey breast, cut into 8 cutlets, Coarsely ground black pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil, plus more if needed], title: ChickenFried Turkey Breast with Cranberry Mustard Dipping Sauce, picturelink: AewrBRFRN9YDfpWUfvxXzWpZ6aChnK}, 54182: {instructions: For the peanut butter chicken wing marinade: Put peanut butter, brown sugar, garlic, lime zest, cayenne pepper, black pepper, soy sauce, water, and lime juice in a large bowl, stir to incorporate and reserve.nFor the peanut butter chicken wings: Score the chicken wings to allow the marinade to penetrate the meat. Put the chicken wings in the peanut butter marinade. Massage the wings in the marinade and put in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to a maximum of 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a large baking tray with parchment paper.nPut the wings on a tray and bake in the oven, turning them over halfway through the cooking time, until the meat is cooked and the wings are crisp and golden brown, approximately 30 to 45 minutes.nFor the peanut crunch: Fill a large heavybottomed pot with enough oil to 13 full. Using a deepfry thermometer to read the temperature, heat the oil to 350 degrees F.nLine a baking tray with paper towel.nPut the chiles in a bowl, coat well with 2 tablespoons cornstarch and fry until golden brown. Remove the chiles from the oil and place on a paper towellined baking tray and season with salt, then set aside.nPut the shallots in a bowl, coat well with 3 tablespoons cornstarch and fry until golden brown. Remove from the oil, put on a paper towellined baking tray and season with salt, set aside.nPut the crispy fried chiles and shallots on a cutting board and finely chop. Combine the chopped peanuts, fried chiles and shallots in a bowl and set aside.nFor the rice wine vinegar dressing: Put the seasoned rice wine vinegar, garlic, lime zest, sesame oil and salt in a bowl, stir and set aside.nTo assemble: Put the rice noodles in the center of the plate and dress with 12 the rice wine vinegar dressing. Scatter the peanut crunch over the rice noodles. Put the bean sprouts over the rice noodles. Put the carrots around the outside of the rice noodles and bean sprouts.nScatter the cucumber and green onion over the carrots then pour the remaining rice wine vinegar dressing over. Put the peanut butter chicken wings on the rice noodles and garnish with fresh picked cilantro., ingredients: [2 cups smooth natural peanut butter, 12 cup brown sugar, 8 cloves garlic, minced, Zest of 1 Lime, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup water, Juice of 2 limes, 24 chicken wings, Peanut Butter Chicken Wing Marinade, Peanut oil, for frying, 2 red finger chiles, halved, seeded, and sliced, 2 shallots, peeled, halved, and sliced, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup finely chopped toasted peanuts, Salt, 1 cup seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, Zest of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Salt, 1 8 ounce227g package vermicelli rice noodles, cooked according to package directions, Rice Wine Vinegar Dressing, Peanut Butter Crunch, 2 cups bean sprouts, 1 carrot, peeled and julienned, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 bunch green onion, sliced thin on a bias, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, leaves picked, Peanut Butter Chicken Wings], title: Peanut Butter Chicken Wings, Rice Noodle Salad with Peanut Crunch and Rice Wine Vinegar Dressing, picturelink: null}, 54183: {instructions: Cut each poussin into 6 serving pieces, and season with salt and pepper. Place in a bowl, add shallots and thyme, and mix well. Add wine, cover, and marinate in refrigerator for 12 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Remove pieces of poussin from marinade, and pat dry. Reserve marinade. In a large skillet, heat olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add as many poussin pieces as will fit without crowding in one layer, skin side down, and sear until golden brown remove from pan. Repeat with remaining poussin pieces.nDivide poussin pieces among 6 3cup oven proof casseroles. Dish may also be prepared in a large Dutch oven. Deglaze skillet with a little chicken broth, and add liquid to casseroles along with vegetables, tarragon, bacon, reserved marinade, and remaining chicken broth. Cover and bake for about 45 minutes.nRecommended Wine: 1992 Trimbach Riesling, ingredients: [4 Poussins baby chickens, about 1 14 pounds each, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup minced shallots, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, or 2 teaspoons dried thyme leaves, 1 14 cup dry Riesling wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 cups fresh chicken stock or canned chicken broth, 24 pearl onions, peeled and boiled for 10 minutes, 12 large wild mushrooms, stemmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 4 small or baby turnips, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces and blanched for 23 minutes, 4 carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces and blanched for 23 minutes, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon or 2 l2 teaspoons dried, 6 thick slices bacon, diced and Sauteed], title: Coq au Riesling, picturelink: null}, 54184: {instructions: Put the parsley, cilantro, capers and garlic in a medium mixing bowl and toss to combine. Add the vinegar, salt, red and black pepper and stir. Pour in the olive oil and mix until well combined. Let sit for 30 minutes so that the flavors blend., ingredients: [1 bunch parsley, leaves finely chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves finely chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Chimichurri, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 54185: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUse a pastry brush to evenly coat the inside of a 1 12quart souffle mold with softened butter. Fill the mold with granulated sugar, then pour out the excess. If you have properly buttered the mold, the sugar will stick to the side and bottom of it. The butter and sugar keeps the souffle from sticking to the side of the mold and allows it to rise evenly. The sugar also gives the souffle a crunchy crust.nPlace a double boiler 12 filled with water over high heat and bring to a boil. Place the chopped chocolate in the top of the double boiler and melt until quite hot. Stir occasionally.nPlace the eggs, sugar and lemon in another double boiler placed over boiling water. Whisk the egg mixture until lukewarm. Remove the egg mixture from the heat and pour into the bowl of a stand mixer. Whip to stiff peaks. While the egg mixture is whipping, check the chocolate. It should be hot to the touch. Stop the mixer. Use a rubber spatula to fold the hot chocolate into the whipped egg whites.nUse a rubber spatula to gently place the souffle mixture in the buttered and sugared mold. Fill to about 1 inch above the rim of the mold. Place the souffle in the center of the oven and allow enough room for it to rise. If the souffle is too close to the top of the oven or under a rack, it will stick when it rises. If the souffle is too close to the bottom of the oven, the bottom of the souffle will burn before the inside is properly baked. Bake until the souffle has risen 1 12 times in height and starts to brown on top, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and dust the top with the powdered sugar. Serve immediately with a side of whipped cream or Creme Anglaise.nNote: This souffle can also be baked in buttered and sugared individual size molds. Use a pastry bag with a large opening no tip to pipe the souffle mixture into the molds about 1 inch above the rim. Bake until risen in height and lightly browned on top, 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [4 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 8 large egg whites, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Heavy cream, whipped to stiff peaks, optional, Creme Anglaise, optional], title: Chocolate Souffle, picturelink: null}, 54186: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, cover potatoes and crushed garlic with enough water to cover by 1inch. Add some salt and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to mediumhigh and cook until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain potatoes, return to pot, and mash together with 3 tablespoons of the butter and the heavy cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nIn a large pan on mediumhigh heat, combine 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil. When butter has melted, add beef, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper and salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until meat is brown. Stir in tomato paste and saute for a few minutes. Add stock and bring to a simmer. Season and remove mixture to a bowl. In the same pan, add remaining butter and oil and saute onions until almost tender, then add red bell pepper, zucchini, carrots and paprika. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat.nTo assemble, in a 9 by 12inch baking dish layer half of beef, pressing down to pack in, then sprinkle the cheese on evenly. Pour the remaining half of the beef over the cheese and press down. Next, add the sauteed vegetables and top with the mashed potatoes, spreading out with a spatula or the back of a spoon to even out and to form decorative peaks and valleys. Sprinkle top with paprika and bake for 30 minutes or until edges on potatoes turn golden brown. Serve with Mushroom Onion Gravy.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, saute onions and mushrooms in oil until tender and mushrooms release their moisture, about 5 minutes. Add flour and stir to evenly coat. Slowly whisk in wine and then the broth. Simmer until thickened and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, washed, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Salt, 6 tablespoons butter, 12 cup heavy cream, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds ground beef 85 percent lean, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup lowsodium beef stock, 12 large onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 2 zucchini, julienned, 2 carrots, peeled and grated, 1 teaspoon Hungarian hot paprika, plus more for garnish, 4 ounces Havarti cheese, grated, Mushroom Onion Gravy, recipe follows, 12 large onion, chopped, 8 ounces white button mushrooms, sliced, 3 tablespoons oil, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup red wine, 2 cups beef broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shepherds Pie with Mushroom Onion Gravy, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 54187: {instructions: Divide the bourbon and rye between 2 highball glasses filled with ice. Top off with hard cider., ingredients: [2 ounces maple bourbon, such as Knob Creek or Jim Beam, 2 ounces vanilla rye, such as Penningtons, 1 bottle hard cider, such as Strongbow], title: Hard Cider Cocktail, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 54188: {instructions: Prepare the steak: Heat the olive oil and rosemary in a small saucepan over low heat, 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. Pat the steak dry, season with salt and black pepper and place in a shallow glass pan. Pour 1 cup of the infused oil over the steak cover and refrigerate 3 hours, turning the steak occasionally. Remove from the refrigerator about 45 minutes before cooking.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Season the steak with salt and black pepper and grill 5 minutes per side for medium rare. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nMake the dressing: Whisk half of the blue cheese with the sour cream, lemon juice, vinegar and cayenne in a bowl until smooth. Fold in the chives cover and chill until ready to serve.nMake the salad: Brush the cut side of the peaches with the remaining 14 cup infused oil. Heat the grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the peaches, cutside down, 3 minutes. Flip and grill the other side 1 minute to soften. Remove and slice into wedges. Toss the greens and herbs in a large bowl and divide among plates. Top with the steak and peaches drizzle with the dressing and top with the remaining blue cheese. Season with black pepper.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [For the steak:, 1 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, 3 sprigs rosemary, 1 12ounce New York strip steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, For the dressing:, 12 pound blue cheese, crumbled, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons minced fresh chives, For the salad:, 2 peaches, halved and pitted, 4 cups mesclun greens about 3 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Steak and Peach Salad, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 54189: {instructions: In a bowl stir together chutney, Cheddar, sour cream, cream cheese, and salt and pepper, to taste, until combined well.nMake 6 sandwiches with filling and bread, pressing together gently. With a 1 12inch round cutter, cut 4 rounds from each sandwich.nPut coriander on a small plate and spread edges of rounds with mayonnaise to coat well. Roll edges in coriander. Sandwiches may be made 2 hours ahead, wrapped in plastic wrap, and chilled., ingredients: [1 9ounce jar chutney recommended: Major Greys, pieces chopped, 12 pound sharp Cheddarpreferably white, grated coarse about 2 cups, 12 cup sour cream, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 very thin slices homemadetype wholewheat bread, 12 cup minced fresh coriander leaves, 13 cup mayonnaise], title: Cheddar Chutney Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 54190: {instructions: Special equipment: Twine to tie brisket plus twine to tie bouquet Cheesecloth for bouquet garni, cut into approximately 6inch by 6inch squarenRoll brisket into cylinder, and tie with twine. Place tied beef in pot. Cover with cold water and bring to a boil. Remove the scum as it appears. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. If the liquid is salty after 10 minutes, start again with boiling water. Stick cloves in onion and put in pot. Place thyme, parsley, peppercorns and bay leaf into middle of cheesecloth and tie with twine, and put into pot. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours skimming any scum that appears on the surface. Transfer beef to a clean pot. Strain, cool and degrease cooking liquid. Add onions turnips, potatoes, carrots and cabbage, and optional cider if desired into pot. Cover with strained liquid and cook at a simmer for 1 hour more, or until you can pierce beef easily with a skewer. Remove the meat from the poaching liquid , cut the trussing strings and carve the meat into generous slices. Place them on a warmed platter. Arrange the cooked garnish vegetables around the meat. Sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley. Serve with horseradish cream sauce., ingredients: [Brisket that has been corned, Cold water to cover brisket, 1 onion, 2 cloves, 1 sprig thyme, 2 sprigs parsley, 5 peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 6 small white onions, 4 small turnips, peeled and cut in half, 8 small new potatoes, 6 carrots, peeled and cut in half, 1 head of cabbage, cut into 6 wedges, 1 cup hard cider optional, Fresh parsley, chopped for garnish], title: Corned Beef, picturelink: null}, 54191: {instructions: Process the cottage cheese and milk in a food processor until smooth. Add the scallions, salmon, cream cheese, lemon juice and a pinch of white pepper and process until smooth and creamy. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or overnight.nCut the cucumbers into 34inchthick rounds, discarding the ends. Using a small spoon, scoop the seeds and some of the flesh out of each round to form a small cup.nFill each cup with about 2 teaspoons of the salmon whip and sprinkle with the chives. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve, up to 1 hour.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [12 cup lowfat cottage cheese, 1 tablespoon nonfat or 1 milk, 4 scallions, white parts only, sliced, 4 ounces thinly sliced smoked salmon, 14 cup whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 large English cucumbers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: Cucumber Cups With Creamy Salmon Whip, picturelink: g2oWzCKa7BtPamkSi2982xdniDHFme}, 54192: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 pieces of parchment cut to fit a baking sheetnMake the pizza dough: Whisk together the bread flour and salt in a large bowl. Combine the water, oil and sugar in a second large bowl add the yeast, and let sit until it begins to foam, about 5 minutes. Add the flour mixture to the yeast mixture, and use your hands to combine until it comes together into a rough, shaggy ball. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and set aside for 15 minutes.nSprinkle a work surface with flour and knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Clean the bowl and lightly coat it with oil. Return the kneaded dough to the bowl, brush with oil, cover and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nTransfer the dough to the work surface, and punch it down. Quarter the dough, and cut each quarter into 4 for a total of 16 pieces. Shape each into a ball. Evenly space the dough balls on the work surface, cover and let sit until they poof slightly, about 30 minutes. To make ahead, after cutting the dough, wrap each piece tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight, then let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before rolling.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat and brush the grill grates with oil.nRoll out the dough: Line a baking sheet with a piece of parchment, and sprinkle with cornmeal to keep the dough from sticking. Roll out each ball of dough into an 8inch circle on the work surface keep the other balls covered as you work. Arrange 2 to 3 rounds without overlapping on the parchment. Repeat with layers of parchment, cornmeal and dough rounds.nPargrill the dough: Working in batches, brush the top of each dough round with oil and sprinkle with salt. Grill, oiledside down, until grill marks just form and the dough starts to bubble up, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Turn the dough over and repeat. Transfer to a cooling rack or another baking sheet to cool. The dough shells will be underbaked and flimsy they finish cooking when guests top and grill them. Stack the shells, wrap tightly in plastic wrap and set aside until ready to use. The shells can be refrigerated for up to 2 days. Or tightly wrap each one in plastic and foil, then freeze for up to 3 months thaw at room temperature for a few minutes before topping and grilling.nSet up the pizza bar: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat and brush the grill grates with oil. Set out a large cutting board with a knife or pizza cutter nearby. Set out a stack of the pizza shells and any combination of the suggested sauces, cheeses and toppings.nGrill the pizzas: Let your guests add their desired toppings to the dough shells. Transfer the pizzas to the grill, cover and cook until the bottom of each is slightly charred, the cheese has melted and the toppings are cooked through. Remove the pizzas from the grill, slice them and encourage your guests to top them with some of the finishings.nOne 15ounce can tomato saucenFor the red sauce: Combine the tomato sauce, basil, oil, garlic and 34 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before using. The sauce can be made up to 1 day ahead.nFor the arugulapistachio pesto: Pulse the arugula, basil, parsley, pistachios, capers, 3 tablespoons water and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor until a paste. The sauce can be made up to 1 day ahead refrigerate.nFor the ricotta spread: Stir together the ricotta, Parmesan, oil, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. The sauce can be made up to 1 day ahead refrigerate., ingredients: [6 cups bread flour, plus more for the work surface, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 2 14 cups warm water 110 degrees F, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for greasing the bowl, brushing the dough and oiling the grill grates, 2 teaspoons sugar, One 14ounce packet active dry yeast, Cornmeal, for dusting, Red Sauce, recipe follows, ArugulaPistachio Pesto, recipe follows, Ricotta Spread, recipe follows, 6 cups cheese mix, made of 2 cups each shredded mozzarella, fontina and asiago, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced, Toppings choose 5 or 6:, 34 pound thinly sliced meats, such as prosciutto, salami and ham, 1 small bunch Tuscan kale, cut into bitesized pieces and tossed with olive oil, 2 thinly sliced bell peppers, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 small red onions, thinly sliced, 1 pint fresh figs, sliced, 3 grilled ears corn, kernels removed, 1 cup pitted olives, 12 cup pistachios, 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, 1 medium summer squash or zucchini, thinly sliced, 1 head radicchio, cut into bitesized pieces and tossed with olive oil, Olive oil, aged balsamic vinegar, Calabrese chili sauce, honey, grated Parmesan, flaky sea salt, toasted fennel seeds, baby greens, fresh basil, lemon wedges, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 3 cups baby arugula, 34 cup fresh basil leaves, 34 cup fresh parsley leaves, 13 cup shelled pistachios, 13 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon capers, drained, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cups ricotta, 1 garlic clove, minced, Kosher salt], title: Grilled Pizza for a Crowd, picturelink: 9VmBJzqNsJ1T669x2RdiWdNE.UKdVoi}, 54193: {instructions: Combine the salt and liquid smoke with a whisk in a large mixing bowl. Blend until there are no clumps. Add the black pepper, sugar, garlic, mustard, onion, paprika, flavor enhancer seasoning and ground red pepper. Whisk until thoroughly blended. Place the seasoning in a 1quart storage container with the lid tightly sealed., ingredients: [1 cup table salt, 1 teaspoon hickory flavored liquid smoke, 34 cup ground black pepper, 34 cup granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons granulated garlic, 5 tablespoons powdered mustard, 4 tablespoons granulated onion, 4 tablespoons ground paprika, 1 tablespoon flavor enhancer seasoning, such as Accent, 1 tablespoon ground red pepper], title: Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning, picturelink: null}, 54194: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the EVOO over mediumhigh heat in a soup pot. Add the bacon and brown to crisp, then remove with a slotted spoon and reserve the bacon bits. To the bacon drippings, add the garlic, onions and chiles, and cook to soften, 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the corn and season with the thyme, paprika and salt and pepper, and stir. Add the cobs to the pot along with the bay leaves, potato and cover with the stock. Add a little water to the stock if it does not cover the corn. Cook the soup, partially covered, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the cobs and bay leaves and puree with an immersion blender until the corn is creamed. Stir in the butter and lime juice and add hot sauce, to taste. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over a medium flame.nServe the corn chowder topped with bacon, scallions, herbs and cheese., ingredients: [4 ounces smoky lean center cut bacon, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 medium onions, chopped, 1 chile pepper, such as Fresno chile, seeded and chopped, 6 large ears corn, kernels scraped from cob, cobs reserved, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, scant palmful, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 pound 1 large starchy potato, peeled and diced, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 lime, juiced, Hot sauce, Reserved bacon bits, Scallions, Chopped fresh cilantro or parsley, Creme fraiche, crumbled queso fresco or shredded Cheddar or pepper Jack], title: Smoky Corn Chowder, picturelink: Dk6XK5c.7hnVhaYzHq7ToHy0icMEEBO}, 54195: {instructions: Peel and slice the banana down the center lengthwise and place in dessert boats or bowls.nPlace peanut butter in a small pan and melt gently over low heat.nScoop vanilla ice cream into bowls or boats on top of bananas, 2 scoops per sundae. Top 1 scoop of ice cream with melted peanut butter sauce, the other with a drizzle of honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon, use about 1 tablespoon of honey per dessert. Garnish sundaes with whipped cream and chopped nut topping., ingredients: [4 ripe bananas, 1 cup chunky peanut butter, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, 4 tablespoons honey, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 canister whipped cream, 1 package 2ounce pouch chopped nut topping, available on baking aisle], title: Honey Nut Banana Splits, picturelink: null}, 54196: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the pecans on a sheet pan and bake for 5 minutes, until crisp. Set aside to cool. Chop very coarsely.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, one at a time, and the vanilla.nSift the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt together into a medium bowl. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture. Add the oats, raisins, and pecans and mix just until combined.nUsing a small icecream scoop or a tablespoon, drop 2inch mounds of dough onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper. Flatten slightly with a damp hand. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until lightly browned. Transfer the cookies to a baking rack and cool completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups pecans, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup dark brown sugar, lightly packed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups oldfashioned oatmeal, 1 12 cups raisins], title: Raisin Pecan Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: 3dxre.F0QPHFlN3avluVgAuL7tK3vve}, 54197: {instructions: Preheat the broiler or grill pan to high.nIn a food processor, combine the artichokes, marinated mushrooms, shallot, tarragon, and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper and turn processor on and stream in about 12 cup of evoo until a spoonable, fairly smooth dip forms, about 1 minute. Scrape the dip into a serving bowl and place a demitasse small spoon in the dip so it can be easy applied to each individual cooked lamb chop.nDrizzle chops with a few teaspoons of evoo and season with salt and pepper. Grill or broil 2 minutes on each side and remove to rest.nTo serve, place dip on large platter or cutting board and surround with cooked chops and piles of baby cut carrots, sugar snap peas and halved radishes for dipping and topping. Garnish platter with additional sprigs of tarragon., ingredients: [1 15ounce can quartered artichoke hearts in water, drained, 1 6 ounce jar marinated baby mushrooms and their liquids, 1 shallot, coarsely chopped, 4 sprigs fresh tarragon leaves, stripped, plus a few sprigs to garnish, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 16 baby lamb chops, cut by butcher, 12 pound baby cut carrots, available in produce department, 12 pound sugar snap peas, 4 radishes, cleaned and trimmed, greens left on, halved lengthwise], title: Baby Lamb Chops with Artichoke and Tarragon Dip, picturelink: null}, 54198: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat the bacon grease and butter over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook for 2 minutes. Add all remaining vegetables, then cook for an additional 3 minutes. Add the seasonings and flour. Cook for 3 additional minutes. Do not brown u00bf leave blond. Add the port wine, water, and seafood base. Cook until the mixture thickens. Add the tomato sauce, and cook for 3 more minutes. Add the alligator meat. Cook for 5 more minutes u00bf do not overcook the gator. Adjust seasoning, to taste. Serve in large soup bowls., ingredients: [3 ounces bacon grease, 3 ounces clarified butter, 4 ounces diced, peeled potato, 4 ounces diced celery, 3 ounces diced red bell pepper, 3 ounces diced onion, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon thyme, 1 teaspoon seasoning salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces allpurpose flour, 4 ounces port wine, 2 quarts water, 2 ounces seafood base, 4 ounces tomato sauce, 1 pound trimmed, cubed alligator meat], title: Ivey House Gator Chowder, picturelink: null}, 54199: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCookies:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFollow cookie dough mix package directions, adding butter and egg. Roll out dough and cut out desired shapes with cookie cutters or a knife. Transfer to a cookie sheet and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Remove to a rack and cool completely.nIcing:nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, mix all ingredients until smooth. Spread icing over cooled cookies with spatula. Dry for 4 to 6 hours or overnight.nTo decorate, use edible markers to stencil or freehand desired design. You can also tint the icing with food coloring and pipe it on the cookie. Either way, allow to set for 4 to 6 hours.nTo assemble, first decorate a flower pot to your liking. Glue floral foam inside the pot. Place each cookie on a cleaned long wooden popsicle stick and arrange in a bouquet fashion. Add hard candies around the bottom of the bouquet pot, if desired., ingredients: [Cookies:, 1 1pound bag sugar cookie dough mix, 1 stick butter or margarine, 1 egg, 1 1pound box confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons meringue powder, 12 cup water], title: Cookie Bouquet, picturelink: 4UyiBDoQI8TM0swnIvmpZn7uSOXVgi}, 54200: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a 10inch saute pan over medium heat, fry the bacon until crisp. Drain, crumble, and set aside. Reserve 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat.nAdd the red onion to the pan and cook until translucent, approximately 5 to 6 minutes. Add the vinegar, chicken broth, mustard, sugar, salt, and pepper to the pan and stir to combine. Add the bacon back to the pan along with the rice and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed, approximately 7 to 10 minutes. Stir in the dill. Allow to cool slightly before serving.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the rice into an 8inch square glass baking dish.nBring the water, butter, and salt just to a boil in a kettle or covered saucepan. Once the water boils, pour it over the rice, stir to combine, and cover the dish tightly with heavyduty aluminum foil. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 1 hour.nAfter 1 hour, remove cover and fluff the rice with a fork. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus a pinch, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe Baked Brown Rice, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 12 cups brown rice, medium or short grain, 2 12 cups water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Brown Rice Salad, picturelink: Olz4j8WEGI8h2VkCLfmVoFqjDFkLhcu}, 54201: {instructions: Put 3 tablespoons oil in a large, deep saucepan or casserole over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add onion, carrots, and zucchini. Cook, stirring, until onion softens and vegetables begin to caramelize, 10 minutes or so.nAdd corn and beans sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, for a minute or 2, then add 6 cups water and tomato bring to a boil, then adjust heat so mixture bubbles gently. Cook, stirring every now and then, until vegetables are fairly soft and tomatoes have broken up, about 15 minutes.nAdd 12 cup basil and adjust heat once again so mixture simmers. Cook until all vegetables are very tender, 5 to 15 minutes longer. Taste and adjust seasoning, drizzle with remaining olive oil, and serve, passing basil and cheese at table., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 carrots, cut into 12inch dice, 2 zucchini, cut into 12inch dice, 1 cup fresh corn about 2 ears, 1 cup fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup cored, chopped tomato canned is fine include juice, 12 cup chopped basil leaves, plus more for serving, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, for serving, optional], title: Late Summer Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 54202: {instructions: To clean the artichokes peel off the outer tough green leaves. With a sharp knife cut across the top of the artichoke about a 12inch to remove the sharp spines. With a long narrow spoon scoop out the center choke of the artichoke. With a small knife or a vegetable peeler, pare down the outside dark green exterior of the base and stem. Place in acidulated water and repeat process with other artichokes.nDrain artichokes well. Put oil in a tall pot and over medium heat fry the artichokes until they are slightly golden in color. Remove artichokes from oil and drain on paper towels. Turn temperature of oil up to medium high. Return artichokes to the oil and fry until they are completely opened and deep golden brown. Remove from oil, place face down on paper towels to let all the oil drain.nSeason with salt and pepper garnish with parsley leaves and serve warm with the aioli.nIn a mortar, pound the garlic and salt to form a paste. Stir in the egg yolk, lemon zest, and juice until integrated. Add the olive oil in a slow trickle to the side of the mortar until completely combined., ingredients: [4 large artichokes, 2 quarts canola or peanut oil, 12 bunch parsley, finely chopped, Meyer Lemon Aioli, recipe follows, 2 garlic clove, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg yolk, 1 Meyer lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup olive oil], title: Whole Fried Artichoke with Meyer Lemon Aioli, picturelink: null}, 54203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the sleeve of a slow cooker, add the onions, peppers, corn, tomatoes, garlic, 1 tablespoon chile powder, chipotle, and broth. Season with and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook on low for 4 to 6 hours.nIn a deep skillet over medium heat, add the canola oil and heat to 365 degrees F. Fry the tortilla pieces until brown and crispy, 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on brown paper and immediately season with salt and the remaining 1 tablespoon chile powder. Reserve half the chips for Online Round 2 Recipe Creamy Mexican Dip with Spiced Chips.nPreheat the broiler.nReserve 1 cup of the onion and pepper mixture for Round 2 Recipe Creamy Mexican Dip with Spiced Chips. Ladle the soup into ovenproof bowls or crocks and top each with 2 tablespoons cheese. Reserve remaining 12 cup cheese for Round 2 Recipe Crispy Steak Sandwiches. Put the bowls on a sheet pan and put under the broiler until the cheese is brown and bubbly, 1 to 2 minutes. Garnish with scallions and serve., ingredients: [2 medium yellow onions, sliced, 2 green peppers, cored, seeded, and sliced into strips, 12 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chile powder, divided, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, chopped reserve adobe for Creamy Mexican Dip, 1 quart chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups canola oil, for frying, 12 corn tortillas, cut into eighths, 1 cup Monterey Jack cheese, shredded, 2 scallions, sliced], title: Spicy Fajita Soup, picturelink: ARgdH3yUQdLZ7RM2sLMlIXpCXoelxgq}, 54204: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Coat chicken breasts with 2 teaspoons oil, poultry seasoning, salt and pepper. Wash hands. Grill or panfry chicken 6 to 7 minutes on each side. Remove from heat and let rest 5 minutes.nIn a small pot, cover eggs with cold water. Place over high heat and bring water to a boil. Once it comes to a boil, cover the pot and turn off the heat. Set a timer for 10 minutes. After the 10 minutes, cool eggs under cold running water. Peel and chop.nBrown chopped bacon in a skillet over medium high heat. Drain bacon on paper towels.nChop 3 hearts of romaine lettuce and place in a large serving platter or salad bowl. Dress chopped lettuce with the juice of 1 12 lemons. Drizzle remaining 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil over lettuce. Season greens with salt and pepper, to taste.nToss diced avocados with juice of remaining 12 lemon, to retard browning.nHalve chicken breasts and chop the meat.nTo serve, arrange rows of chopped chicken, chopped hard boiled egg, crisp bacon bits, diced avocado, diced tomato, chopped red onion and shredded cheese on top of either 4 individual portions of dressed romaine or 1 large serving platter., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 8 ounces each, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, eyeball it, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, 8 sliced bacon, chopped into 12inch pieces, 3 hearts romaine lettuce, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 ripe avocados, halved and scooped from skins with a spoon, then diced, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 cups white cheddar or Monterey Jack, shredded or blue cheese crumbled], title: Grilled Chicken Cobb Salad, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 54205: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToss together the apples, lemon juice, apple pie spice, vanilla and 13 cup of the sugar in a medium bowl. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the apple mixture and stir to coat with the butter. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally and adding about 14 cup water if the mixture becomes too dry or begins to brown, until the apples are tender and shiny, about 20 minutes. When the apples are tender, there should be some liquid left in the skillet if not, add 14 cup water and stir. Mix the cornstarch with 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl and pour it into the apple mixture. Stir well and bring the mixture to a boil to activate the starch. Cook until thick and bubbly, 30 seconds to 1 minute more. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate for 15 minutes.nWhisk together the flour and salt in a bowl. In another bowl, beat the remaining 8 tablespoons butter and 23 cup sugar with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the egg until just combined. Turn the mixer to low and gradually beat in the dry ingredients in 2 additions, beating until just incorporated.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment. Scoop 1tablespoon portions of dough and roll between your hands to form 1inch balls. Place about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Gently press a thumbprint into the center of each ball about 12 inch deep, being careful not to crack the edges. Fill each indentation with 1 teaspoon of the filling, then chill the cookies 15 minutes in the freezer.nPosition oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nBake, rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom and front to back about halfway through, until the cookies are set, about 30 minutes. Cool the cookies completely on the baking sheets. Store the cookies in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 pound baking apples such as Golden Delicious, Gala or Fuji 2 to 3 apples, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch dice about 2 12 cups diced, 1 tablespoon lemon juice from about 12 lemon, 12 teaspoon apple pie spice, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 large egg], title: Apple Pie Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: cvlfczV657VBhDfnpjuspjSInsg3LUC}, 54206: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason roast with salt and pepper. Heat oil in large ovensafe pot or Dutch oven over high heat for a couple minutes. Add the meat and brown well on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Remove and set aside on a plate. Lower heat to medium and saute onions, garlic, and carrots for 5 minutes. Add the broth, wine, honey, and thyme, stir to combine, and then add the roast back to the pot.nCover pot and transfer to oven. Bake for 2 hours, turning the meat over twice. Add the potatoes to the pot and bake, uncovered, for another 30 to 45 minutes longer until both the potatoes and the meat are forktender., ingredients: [1 bottom round roast, about 4 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 small onions, medium diced, 1 head garlic about 10 to 12 cloves, lightly smashed, 1 pound carrots about 4 medium, cut roughly into 1 12inch pieces, 2 cups lowsodium chicken, beef, or vegetable broth, 2 cups mediumbodied red wine, 2 12 tablespoons honey, 5 to 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 12 to 2inch cubes], title: Red Wine Pot Roast with Honey and Thyme, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 54207: {instructions: Press the cupcakes into a ring mold. In a blender, add the cream and blueberries and blend well. Pour the mixture into a cold mixing bowl and whisk until it forms stiff peaks. Remove the ring mold and begin covering the cupcake form with the blueberry cream. Add the candies to make eyes and ears and garnish around. Place the ice cream cone on as a hat and draw lips on the cupcake and a bowtie on the plate., ingredients: [2 cupcakes, 1 pint whipping cream, 1 pint blueberries, 1 tube red icing, 1 box jujubes, 1 green ice cream cone], title: Clown Man, picturelink: null}, 54208: {instructions: Spear three cranberries each onto four bamboo skewers or heatproof swizzle sticks. Pour cranberry juice into a small saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Lower heat, add creme de cacao and peppermint schnapps and stir to blend and release some of the alcohol. Continue to cook over low heat for exactly 1 minute.nPour the hot beverage into footed glass mugs and place a small dollop of whipped cream in each. Garnish with cranberry skewers and use a finemesh sieve to gently tap a light dusting of matcha over the whipped cream. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 fresh cranberries for garnish, 1 12 cups cranberry juice 100 percent juice, 14 cup 2 oz. white creme de cacao, 14 cup 2 oz. ces 100proof peppermint schnapps, 14 cup heavy cream lightly whipped with 1 tsp. sugar for garnish, pinch of Matcha powder for garnish], title: Mistletoe and Holly Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 54209: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nToss the lamb with the rosemary, garlic, oil, and the vinegar and let marinate in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nWhile the lamb is marinating, blanch the potatoes and carrots. In wellsalted boiling water cook the potatoes for 5 or 6 minutes then transfer with a skimmer to a platter or sheet tray. Cook the carrots for 2 or 3 minutes and reserve with the potatoes.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan on mediumhigh heat until the oil begins to smoke. While the oil is heating, remove the lamb from the marinade and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the lamb with the flour and toss to coat. Shake excess flour from the meat and add half to the pan in a single layer so as to sear the meat on all sides, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove to a plate. Repeat with remaining lamb.nCarefully place the potatoes and carrots in the pan used for the lamb. The olive oil will have lots of flavor from the lamb. Season with salt and pepper and saute until lightly caramelized, about 4 minutes. Stir from time to time and regulate the heat so the vegetables do not caramelize too much on one side. Transfer to a platter or large plate so that they can be spread out in a single layer.nPour off and discard the residual oil in the pan. With the pan still on medium heat, deglaze with the wine and reduce by half then add the stock. Bring to a simmer and reduce again by half. Add the seared lamb to the pan and gently toss to incorporate with the pan sauce. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a Dutch oven or large, deep baking dish, add the lamb, wine and broth mixture and rosemary. Cover then place in the preheated oven for 45 minutes.nAdd the potatoes, carrots and spring onions to the stew. Mix carefully to incorporate. Add a little stock or water, if necessary, to keep the stew moistened. Continue to cook in the oven, covered, until the meat and vegetables are tender, about 10 more minutes.nStir in the parsley and lemon zest. Taste and add salt and fresh ground pepper if needed. Serve directly from the baking dish., ingredients: [3 pounds lamb shoulder, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 4 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped fine, 15 peeled garlic cloves, lightly crushed, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 14 pounds Yukon gold creamer potatoes small, halved, 1 12 pounds mediumsized carrots peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups red wine, 7 12 cups chicken stock if using canned use low sodium, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, about 3inches long, 2 cups spring onions, root and stem trimmed, 2 tablespoons Italian parsley leaves, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tagine of Lamb Stracotto with Spring Onions, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 54210: {instructions: For the parfait: Whip the heavy cream to soft peaks. Set aside in the refrigerator.nPut the egg yolks, sugar, 1 tablespoon water, vanilla seeds, and vanilla extract in the top of a double boiler over medium heat. Mixing continuously, cook the ingredients until the temperature reaches 140 degrees F. Put the mixture into the bowl of an electric mixer and mix on mediumhigh speed until it has doubled in volume and comes to room temperature. Separate the mixture into 2 bowls. In 1 bowl, mix in the coffee extract. Set aside. Fold half the heavy cream into the coffee mixture, and half into the vanilla mixture. Whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Fold half the egg whites into the coffee mixture, and half into the vanilla mixture.nLightly butter a 6cup muffin tin cut wax paper to fit in the bottom of each cup. Fill the cups halfway with the vanilla mixture. Tap the muffin tin lightly on the counter to make sure the cream mixture settles evenly. Fill the cups the remaining way with the coffee mixture. Place the tin in the freezer until firmly set.nFor the cookies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPut the cookie crumbs, almond flour, and egg yolks in a bowl. Mix by hand until homogenous. Place the mixture between 2 large pieces of plastic wrap. Flatten with your hand, and then roll out with a rolling pin to 18inch thick. Take the top sheet of plastic wrap off and flip on to the prepared baking sheet. Remove the bottom sheet of plastic wrap. Bake for 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and cut into circles with a cookie cutter a little larger that the top of your muffin cup. Set aside.nWhen the cookies are cool and the parfait is frozen, invert the parfaits onto the cookie bases and place back in the freezer make sure the parfaits are centered on the cookie.nFor the meringue: Put the eggs whites and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer and whisk over a saucepan of simmering water until the sugar dissolves. Transfer the bowl to the mixer and whip on mediumhigh speed until you have firm glossy peaks. Place in a pastry bag with a 12inch tip.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Remove the parfaits from the freezer. Starting at the bottom of the cookie, working in circles, make meringue kisses until all of the parfait is covered. Put back in the freezer. When ready to serve, bake until golden brown. Drizzle with Rum Caramel Sauce and serve.nPour the cream into a 1quart saucepan. Add the butter and bring to a simmer. Turn off the heat.nMeanwhile, in a 2quart saucepan, add the sugar and 2 tablespoons water. Swirl and let the sugar absorb the water. Heat over mediumhigh heat until it caramelizes watching carefully to a dark amber color. Turn off heat. Carefully pour the warm cream, a little at a time, being very careful to avoid any splattering caramel. Add salt, to taste. When all the cream has been added, mix well and pour into a container. Add rum, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 4 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 12 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons coffee extract, 2 egg whites, 14 pound chocolate sandwich cookies, finely ground recommended: Oreos, 14 cup almond flour, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 8 egg whites, Rum Caramel Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 1 cup sugar, Pinch salt, Dark rum], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: hjXBLAMAfG0SB8Cu0EUGzRm4GYNODym}, 54211: {instructions: Combine chili paste, white vinegar, rice vinegar, garlic cloves, kosher salt, sugar, and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Simmer for 30 minutes and skim if needed. Add cornstarch and bring back to a boil to thicken. Set aside and let cool.nHeat oil to 360 degrees F. in a deep pot.nDredge crab in buttermilk and dip in tempura flour. Fry in oil for 2 minutes until crisp. Set aside. Place asparagus spear in oil for one minute. Set aside.nPlace 2 ounces of the cooled chili paste sauce in a shallow bowl along with a mound of cooked rice noodles. Arrange carrot and sprigs of basil, cilantro, and mint next to the noodles. Place lime wedge along side the noodles. Put fried crab on top of noodles with asparagus spear., ingredients: [2 ounces garlic chili paste, 1 pint distilled white vinegar, 4 ounces rice vinegar, 2 12 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup water, 34 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 cups oil, 1 large soft shell crab, 2 ounces buttermilk, 12 cup tempura flour, 1 asparagus spear, 2 ounces rice noodles, cooked, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 sprig basil, 1 sprig cilantro, 1 sprig mint, 1 lime wedge], title: Soft Shell Crab, picturelink: null}, 54212: {instructions: Boil the potatoes in a large pot of boiling water until tender, about 12 to 15 minutes. Drain and return to the hot pot. Mash with buttermilk, marmalade, butter, hot sauce, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Taste to adjust seasonings and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and chopped, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup orange marmalade, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 to 2 teaspoons hot sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg], title: Tangy Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: k.2RgWLe97x2I40YygzNVTZhytfkvyO}, 54213: {instructions: For the dough: Warm the milk and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan over low heat to about 100 degrees F but no more than 110 degrees F. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and sprinkle the yeast over the liquid. Sprinkle a pinch of the sugar over the top, and set aside without stirring until foamy, about 5 minutes. Then whisk in the butter and egg yolk.nWhisk the flour, remaining sugar and salt in a large bowl. Make a well in the center, and stir in the yeast mixture with a wooden spoon until you have a thick, sticky dough. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface, and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape the dough into a ball.nBrush the inside of a large bowl with butter. Add the dough ball, turning to coat lightly. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap, trace a circle the size of the dough ball on the plastic and note the time. Let the dough rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nTurn the dough out of the bowl, and knead briefly to release excess air. Reform the dough into a ball, and return it to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap, and lay it on the dough. Cover the entire bowl tightly with the rest of the plastic, and refrigerate it for 4 hours or overnight to let the dough proof.nFor the filling: Process the garlic, shallots and thyme in a food processor until combined. Add the cremini and shiitake mushrooms, and pulse until nearly pureed a few small chunks here and there are fine, stopping to scrape down the side of the bowl as necessary. Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat, and melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. Add the mushroom mixture, and cook, stirring frequently, until it releases liquid and begins to bubble and brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, stir in the wine and cream and bring the mushroomcream mixture to a low boil. After 1 minute, remove the skillet from the heat, and stir in 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Transfer the filling to a medium bowl, and let it cool completely. The filling will firm up a bit, but if its too warm, it will be difficult to form the buns.nTo fill and form the rolls: Butter a 9by13inch baking pan with the 2 tablespoons softened butter. Turn the dough onto a floured work surface, and press it flat. Roll it into a 10by18inch rectangle, with 1 long side facing you. Spread the filling evenly over the dough, leaving a 1inch border on the long side opposite you. Sprinkle the Parmesan evenly over the filling. Starting from the side facing you, roll the dough up into a tight roll. Lightly brush the 1inch border with water, and continue rolling to seal the roll. Fold the ends in just a bit, and if any spots look thicker than others, even out the roll with your hands.nCut the roll every 1 12 inches with a serrated knife, to make 12 buns. Place the buns cutside down except for the end pieces in the prepared pan, spacing them 1 inch apart. Cover them loosely with plastic wrap, and set in a warm place to rise until they double in size with no gaps in between, 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nFor the topping: Stir together the butter, parsley and Parmesan in a small bowl set aside.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Bake the buns until theyre golden brown and the tops spring back when pressed lightly, 25 to 30 minutes. Spread the topping evenly over the buns, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and return them to the oven until the butter is melted and the topping is fragrant, 5 minutes more. Let them cool in the pan for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast one 14ounce package, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl, 1 large egg yolk, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 1 small shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 pound cremini or white button mushrooms, ends trimmed, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, destemmed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter plus 2 tablespoons, at room temperature, for the pan, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Kosher salt], title: Mushroom Buns, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 54214: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees .Place bread cubes in large bowl. Beat egg and milk together in small bowl, then pour over bread cubes. Let stand until bread absorbs milk, about 15 minutes. Mash and stir mixture until bread is in very small chunks. Add mustard, salt, pepper, basil, thyme, nutmeg, onion, celery, parsley, and bacon. Mix well. Add ground beef, and mix well. Refrigerate overnight. Turn half the mixture into 8 inch by, 5 inch loaf pan. Place eggs end to end down middle of loaf. Place remainder of meat mixture on top of eggs in pan. Bake in oven for 55 minutes, let stand 5 minutes before slicing, ingredients: [3 cups soft white bread cubes torn, 1 egg, 23 cup milk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 teaspoon dried basil, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped celery with leaves, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, 12 slices bacon, lightly browned and torn into small pieces, 2 pounds ground beef, 6 eggs  hard boiled and peeled], title: Perfect Soft and Moist Meat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 54215: {instructions: Cut the head and tail from the mackerels and cut the body of each one into 3 chunks. Cover the fish pieces with the juice of 12 lime and leave them in the refrigerator to marinate for around 30 minutes.nCut the tips off of the bananas, and quarter lengthwise, then crosswise, or cut through their skins down to the edges, north, south, east, and west, and then steep them in a bowl covered with justboiled water for 15 to 20 minutes.nSet the mackerel in a medium saucepan, and cover with water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, and cook, covered, until completely tender, about 6 to 8 minutes. Lift the fish out from the cooking liquid with a slotted spoon. Remove, and discard the bones and skin, if desired, and break the flesh into good meaty flakes. Sprinkle the chunks with the allspice, the remaining lime juice, and season with salt, and pepper, to taste.nRemove the skin from the bananas. It isnt easy, and youll need a small, sharp knife to help you at times, but try to pry it off with your hands. Now put the bananas into a pan with enough water to cover. Add 1 tablespoon oil to the water, and bring to a boil. Cook the bananas, covered, on a rolling boil until tender, around 15 minutes.nPour the remaining 2 tablespoons oil into a large skillet over medium heat. Gently fry the onions until softened, then add the tomatoes, garlic, chile, thyme, and season with salt, and pepper, and cook until everything has softened. Add the mackerel, gently stir, and heat through.nLift the bananas out of their water with a slotted spoon. Youll notice brown pieces on them. Though most will be in the water, which will also be brown.nBrush off any brown bits and cut the banana into diagonal slices. Stir the banana into the mackerel and serve sprinkled with the cilantro and accompanied by lime wedges., ingredients: [2 whole mackerels, gutted, Juice of 1 lime, 4 green or unripe bananas, Water, as needed, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons sunflower or groundnut oil peanut, 1 red onion, coarsely chopped, 2 tomatoes, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 hot red chile, preferably Scotch Bonnet, seeded and finely chopped wear gloves, 3 fresh thyme sprigs, leaves picked, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, as needed], title: Spicy Mackerel with Green Bananas, picturelink: null}, 54216: {instructions: Cream the cheese in an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until just smooth. Add the sour cream, lemon juice, dill, horseradish, salt and pepper, and mix. Add the smoked salmon and mix well. Chill and serve with crudites andor crackers.nPhotograph by Quentin Bacon, ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, drained, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound 4 ounces smoked salmon, minced], title: Smoked Salmon Dip, picturelink: 7wWReZC45qO3W2UcRUj4Jsv852TLgzm}, 54217: {instructions: Using a box grater, grate the tomato into a medium bowl, discarding the tomato skin.nHeat the oil in a medium heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the rice and cook until slightly toasted, about 3 minutes.nAdd the broth, tomato sauce and grated tomato and bring to a boil. Add the serrano, cilantro sprig and salt, to taste. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes.nTurn off the heat under the skillet. Cover the rice and let stand for 8 minutes. Fluff the rice with a fork, transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 plum tomatoes, cored, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup minced white onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup longgrain rice, 1 34 cups chicken broth, 14 cup canned tomato sauce, 1 serrano chile, 1 sprig fresh cilantro, Salt], title: Arroz Rojo, picturelink: gCsX7BwRGRhnOecSaqS4uURkst1IBI2}, 54218: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter. Stir in the brown sugar. When melted, remove from the heat. Stir in the flour and nutmeg.nPile the apricots into the prepared piecrust. Spread the butter mixture on top, patting it all the way to the edges.nBake the pie in the bottom third of the oven for 10 minutes. Reduce the temperature to 350 degrees F. and bake 45 to 50 minutes longer, until the topping is golden brown and the apricots are very tender. Cover loosely with foil if the top is getting too brown. Let cool on a rack., ingredients: [1 stick 14 pound unsalted butter, 34 cup light brown sugar more if using underripe fruit, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 2 12 to 3 pounds apricots, peeled, halved, and pitted, 1 prepared piecrust], title: Ruth Reichl Apricot Pie, picturelink: null}, 54219: {instructions: In a small pan, toast the fennel and black pepper.nAdd the fennel, black pepper, paprika, and salt to a spice grinder and grind.nPut the pork in a large, 2gallon, if possible, resealable plastic bag. Add the garlic, vinegar, olive oil and the spices. Seal the bag, and massage the marinade all over the pork. Put the bag into a glass or metal pan in case bag leaks and refrigerate for 4 hours. Remove from refrigerator and let come to room temperature.nAdd 2 tablespoons cilantro, lime juice and 1 cup of crema to a small bowl. Combine well, pour into squeeze bottle and refrigerate.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat corn tortillas in oven, wrapped in foil in packs of 8, in the oven while you are grilling the pork.nHeat an indoor or outdoor grill to medium heat. Add the pork steaks and grill until medium, turning, for approximately 10 minutes total. Remove to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes, then slice into long thin strips.nServe in warmed tortillas, topped with tapenade, squeezed with lime wedges, drizzled with crema and topped with remaining chopped fresh cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons ground toasted fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika pimenton, 1 tablespoon salt, 6 bonein pork shoulder steaks, about 3 pounds, 12 cup peeled, crushed garlic, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, divided, 1 lime, juiced, plus 6 limes, sliced into wedges, for serving, 1 cup crema Mexciano or sour cream, 24 corn tortillas, Olive tapenade, purchased], title: SpanishStyle Pork Shoulder Steaks, picturelink: null}, 54220: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add drained tomatoes, 1 cup basil leaves, olive oil and 2 cloves garlic. Pulse until smooth, but somewhat chunky. Season with salt and pepper.nOn a baking sheet, line up baguette slices. Toast in oven for about 3 minutes or until light golden brown. Working quickly, rub the remaining garlic on the toasted side of each slice and then lay a piece of mozzarella cheese on top. Place bread back in oven and melt cheese slightly, about 45 seconds. Remove from oven and spread one tablespoon of the tomato mixture on each piece.nPlace bruschetta on decorative platter and garnish with basil leaves., ingredients: [1 32ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, washed and spun dry, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large French baquettes, sliced 1inch thick about 36 slices, 1 12 pounds fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced 14inch thick], title: Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil Bruschetta, picturelink: a5RcKaTw6NI5kz0l2FsWru1R9kodaW}, 54221: {instructions: Quarter potatoes and place in a medium saucepan, cover with water, and place over high heat to bring water to a boil. Boil potatoes until just tender, 10 minutes. Drain and return to warm sauce pan. Drizzle potatoes with a touch of oil and let stand 5 minutes in warm pot to dry them out.nTransfer cooked potatoes to a bowl. Combine yogurt, oil, and horseradish and pour over potatoes. Coarsely chop the leafy tops of watercress and add to the mixing bowl with potatoes. Sprinkle a little coarse salt over the bowl and toss salad to coat evenly. Adjust salt to your taste and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small, white skinned waxy potatoes, like Yukon Golds, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup plain yogurt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish or 12 teaspoon wasabi powder, 1 bunch watercress, washed, Coarse salt], title: Moms Potato Watercress Salad, picturelink: Z0qcTTMA5R1auc6zcWxDPR56qCkl7q}, 54222: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll the puff pastry into an 11inch square. Invert a 9inch pie plate onto the center of the square and use a paring knife to cut a circle about half an inch larger than the edge of the pie plate save the scraps for another use. Put the circle into the pie plate. Bake until the pastry rises into a golden dome, 15 to 20 minutes. Immediately use the bottom of a heatsafe measuring cup to pat down the pastry into the bottom and sides until flat, making a crust some small pieces of puff pastry will flake off this is fine. Let cool completely.nMake the filling: Beat the cream cheese in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Add the sugar and vanilla and beat until incorporated. Pour in the cream and beat on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form take care not to overbeat.nSpread the jam out on the bottom of the crust and then scrape the cream filling on top of it. Spread out into an even layer. Loosely cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. Top with berries, cut into slices and serve., ingredients: [One 8.4ounce sheet puff pastry, thawed, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup fruit jam or preserves like raspberry, strawberry or apricot, 12 cup fresh berries], title: Easy Berries and Cream Pie, picturelink: rqHF2jkknyfKf5Xu8AfXG5.4E5PFrOa}, 54223: {instructions: Place the stock in a small pot and warm it up over medium low heat.nPlace an oven rack 8 inches from broiler and preheat broiler to high.nHeat 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil 1 turn of the pan, with a tablespoon of butter in a medium skillet over medium to medium high heat. When the pan is hot, add onions and garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes the add Arborio and cook a minute more. Add wine and cook it all away, 1 minute. Add a few ladles of warm broth and let that cook off, stirring occasionally. The risotto will take 22 minutes to cook. Add a ladle of broth from time to time until risotto is starchy, creamy and cooked to al dente. Add peas about 2 minutes before serving. Add in cheese, chopped mint and parsley just before serving.nWhen the risotto is halfcooked, 10 minutes from being done, drizzle the chops with extravirgin olive oil and arrange on a slotted broiler plan. Place chops in oven under hot broiler and cook 8 to 10 minutes for medium rare. Place a tiny pan on the stove over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil and shallots to the pan. Cook shallots 2 minutes then add the preserves and whisk them together with balsamic vinegar and black pepper. Heat to a bubble then remove from heat and add remaining pat of butter. Whisk butter into sauce.nSeason the risotto with salt to taste. Place a generous serving of risotto into shallow dinner plates. Arrange 2 chops on each plate alongside the risotto and drizzle the black cherry pepper glaze over the chops and garnish plates with extra sprigs of mint., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, plus some for drizzling, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup Arborio rice, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup peas, defrosted, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple of handfuls, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, plus a few sprigs for garnish, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 4 loin lamb chops, each 1 12 inches thick, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 12 cup black cherry all fruit preserves recommended: Polaner brand, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, eyeball it in your palm, Salt], title: Black Cherry and Black Pepper Lamb Chops with Sweet Pea Risotto, picturelink: null}, 54224: {instructions: Prepare the Mocha Mousse. Heat 1inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium high heat. Place 14 ounces semisweet chocolate, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 12 cup water, 4 tablespoons of instant coffee, and 2 tablespoons cocoa in the top half of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with film wrap. Heat for 6 to 7 minutes, remove the film wrap, and stir the mixture until smooth. Keep at room temperature until needed.nPlace egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a balloon whip. Whisk on high speed until soft peaks form, about 1 minute. Continue to whisk while gradually adding 2 tablespoons of sugar. Whisk until stiff, about 30 seconds.nWhip 34 cup heavy cream in a wellchilled stainlesssteel bowl until stiff. Fold 14 of the egg whites into the melted chocolate mixture, then fold in the whipped cream now fold in the remaining egg whites. Hold the mocha mousse at room temperature., ingredients: [14 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, broken into 12ounce pieces, 12 cup water, 4 tablespoons instant coffee, 2 tablespoons cocoa, sifted, 5 egg whites, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Death By Chocolate: Mocha Mousse, picturelink: null}, 54225: {instructions: Put the pizza dough in a large bowl and coat with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let sit in a warm spot until the dough is slightly puffy, 30 minutes.nSpread the butter all over the inside of a metal 9by13inch pan and put the dough in the middle. Starting from the middle of the dough and using your fingertips, push the dough out to the corners of the pan. Cover with plastic wrap and place in a warm spot until puffy and doubled in thickness, about 1 hour. Push the dough all the way to the edges, recover with plastic wrap and let rest for 15 minutes more.nMeanwhile, position an oven rack in the bottom third of the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F. Place a baking sheet on the rack to preheat.nCombine the tomatoes and tomato paste in a blender and blend until smooth. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant and soft but not brown. Add the tomato mixture, oregano, chile flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 cup water, bring to a simmer, reduce the heat to medium low and cook until thick, about 15 minutes.nUncover the dough and cover evenly with the pepperoni. Sprinkle about 2 cups of the Cheddar evenly along the edges of the pizza. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup Cheddar over the rest of the pizza, then top the entire pizza with the Havarti and scallions.nPut the pan on the preheated baking sheet and bake the pizza until the edges are golden and the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 15 minutes.nLoosen the sides and bottom of the pizza with a metal spatula and slide onto a cutting board. Spoon the sauce in 4 thick crosswise lines over the pizza. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds refrigerated pizza dough, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, One 28ounce can peeled whole tomatoes, 14 cup tomato paste, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Pinch chile flakes, Kosher salt, 4 ounces sliced pepperoni, 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded about 2 12 cups, 8 ounces Havarti, cut into 12inch cubes about 2 cups, 8 scallions, white and light green parts only, sliced], title: DetroitStyle Pizza, picturelink: null}, 54226: {instructions: In a blender combine the fruit with the sugar, the chosen flavoring and enough of the chosen liquid to barely cover the fruit. Blend until smooth. Taste to adjust seasoning. Garnish with a strawberry and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [Frozen strawberries, Frozen banana slices, 12inch thick, Frozen raspberries, Frozen blueberries, Frozen peach slices, Sugar to taste, Vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon per batch, Chocolate syrup, 2 tablespoons per batch, Milk, Orange juice, Flavored yogurt peach, vanilla, lemon, etc.], title: Ruthies Frozen Fruit Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 54227: {instructions: Sleigh bottom 1: Coat 1 side of a graham cracker cookie completely with white royal icing. Place 2 candy canes on top, keeping the hooks pointing upward, holding them in place for a few seconds to let set. Sprinkle coconut over the whole cracker and candy canes and set aside to let dry.nSleigh bottom 2: Coat 1 side of another graham cracker completely with red royal icing and set aside to dry.nPresents: Pipe ribbons with white royal icing on fruit candies. Set aside to let dry.nSantas seat: Take 2 sugar wafer bars attached and completely wrap with a fruit rollup. Take another pair of wafers and do the same. Place seam side down to keep from them unfolding. Set aside.nTo assemble: Pipe a thin line of white royal icing over the length of the candy canes that are attached to sleigh bottom 1. Place sleigh bottom 2 red graham cracker on top of candy canes red side upand hold for a few seconds to let set. Make a seat out of the fruit rollup covered sugar wafers by making an L shape on top of red cracker. Use 1 as the seat and the other as the back of the seat.nOn 1 side of the seat stack a few candy gifts and on the other side, place the chocolate Santa. Spread out 1 fruit rollup and place a few gifts in the middle and make a pouch, tying the ends of the rollup together with a twizzler, like a beggars purse. Place gift pouch behind Santas seat., ingredients: [Graham crackers, White royal icing, Red royal icing, Chewy fruit candy squares recommended: Starbursts, Sugar wafers, Red fruit sheets recommended: Fruit Rollups, Miniature bearshaped cookies recommended: Teddy Grahams, Twisted red candy sticks recommended: Twizzlers, Candy canes, Shredded coconut, Chocolate Santa, foil wrapped], title: Santas Sleigh Favors, picturelink: iLWCZofoQ7UODo3EpcOK1T.uGBLp49S}, 54228: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 cocktail strawsnCombine the frozen raspberries, lemonade concentrate, vodka, ice cubes and 12 can of water from the lemonade can and puree in a blender until smooth.nDivide the mixture among 6 small rocks glasses or cordial glasses and serve with a straw., ingredients: [1 12 cups frozen raspberries, One 12ounce can frozen lemonade concentrate, 8 ounces vodka, 10 ice cubes], title: Frozen Raspberry and Vodka Lemonade, picturelink: SW6ds8yO7BJtR5fqIqxcovqQObTaoQi}, 54229: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium nonstick saucepan over medium heat. Add the condensed milk and vanilla and stir to combine. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture turns to a light caramel color 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 25 minutes. Turn off the heat and incorporate the pecans. Let cool for about 8 minutes. Roll into 2ounce pieces and wrap with parchment paper., ingredients: [VM0402H 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14ounce can condensed milk, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup pecans, roughly chopped], title: Pecan Caramels Glorias, picturelink: tbCug9SesvE5SALjans7Uj0UYDeJxV2}, 54230: {instructions: To make the Dressing: Mix together all the ingredients and chill.nTo make the Salad: Mix together all the ingredients except the sesame seeds in a large bowl. Just before serving, toss the dressing with the salad and top with the sesame seeds., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 tablespoon crushed pepper, or to taste, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 teaspoon sesame seeds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups leftover beef steak, brisket, etc., thinly sliced, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 12 cup mung bean sprouts, 12 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup cilantro leaves, roughly chopped, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 12 red or yellow onion, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, chopped, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Cold Thai Beef Salad, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 54231: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the oil and stir in the onion. Cook for 2 minutes and stir in the garlic. Add the chopped Swiss chard and toss to coat. Pour in the wine or stock and stir to coat. When the chard begins to wilt, stir in the tomatoes, red pepper flakes and pine nuts. Bring to a simmer and stir in the reserved pasta cooking water. Remember: Do Not over cook the chard. It is ready to serve just after it has wilted. Immediately add the cooked pasta and toss to coat. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces penne, rotelle or rigatoni, cooked and drained, 14 cup pasta cooking water, 1 tablespoons olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped or thinly sliced, 1 pound Swiss chard, washed, stems removed and coarsely chopped, 12 cup red or white wine or chicken stock, 1 cup crushed red tomatoes, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon toasted pine nuts optional, Salt and pepper], title: Pasta with Swiss Chard, picturelink: null}, 54232: {instructions: Cut chicken by the backbone and remove the backbone, keeping the rest of the chicken in one piece. Place the chicken in a sealable plastic bag or a baking dish large enough to hold the chicken.nIn a blender, combine 12 the garlic, oregano, cumin, 12 cup lime juice, Worcestershire sauce, sherry and 14 cup olive oil. Puree until smooth. Pour over the chicken and make sure the chicken in entirely coated. Marinate, refrigerated, overnight.nPreheat a grill. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrill the chicken over medium heat, using something heavy to weigh the chicken down, for 5 minutes per side. Place in an ovenproof dish or saute pan and finish cooking in the oven for 12 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, heat the remaining olive oil. Add the remaining garlic and onions, and cook until fragrant. Let cool and add the remaining lime juice, orange juice, and parsley. Adjust seasonings and serve with the grilled chicken., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound chicken, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, plus 6 chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, chopped, 1 tablespoon cumin, 12 cup lime juice, plus 14 cup, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup cooking sherry, 14 cup olive oil, plus 1 cup oil, 1 white onion, finely dice, 14 cup orange juice, 12 bunch parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Pollo Rancho Luna: Moon Ranch Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54233: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Butter 2 8 by 2inch round cake pans. Dust with flour, and tap out any excess. Set aside. Spread pecans in a single layer on an ungreased baking pan, and toast in oven until lightly golden, about 7 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand until completely cool. Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F. Finely chop pecans and set aside. Using the smallest holes less than 14inch inch in diameter of a box grater, grate carrots, yielding 2 12 cups. Place carrots, eggs, buttermilk, vanilla, sugar, and ginger in a large bowl mix until well combined. Into a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. Using a rubber spatula, fold the flour mixture into the carrot mixture until combined. Fold in the butter and toasted pecans. Divide batter between the 2 cake pans, and bake until a cake tester inserted into the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Remove pans from oven, and transfer to a wire rack to cool, about 15 minutes. Turn cakes out onto rack let stand until completely cool. Using a serrated knife, trim tops of cakes so surfaces are level. Slice each layer in half crosswise. Place a layer on a cake stand or cardboard round, and spread 34 cup frosting over top. Place a second cake layer on top, and spread with another 34 cup frosting. Repeat with third layer and another 34 cup frosting. Place last cake layer on top, and spread the remaining frosting over the top and sides of assembled cake. Transfer to refrigerator, and chill 3 to 4 hours. If using the candied carrot strips, set a wire rack over a baking pan. Using fingers, lift 1 candied carrot strip from the sugar syrup, holding it over the container. With the thumb and forefinger of second hand, gently squeeze the carrot strip and slide fingers along its length, removing as much excess syrup as possible lay the carrot strip on the wire rack. Repeat with remaining carrot strips. Gently place tapered end of drained carrot strip in center of cake, and gently press it down the side place a second strip next to it. Continue applying strips around entire cake every 2inches. Form 2 or 3 strips into a decorative bow, and place on top. Cut cake, and serve.nPlace butter in bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and beat on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add cream cheese, and beat until wellcombined and fluffy, about 2 minutes more. Add sugar, orange zest, ginger, and salt, and beat for 5 minutes. Yield: enough for 1 8inch layer cakenUsing a mandoline, slice carrots lengthwise into 18inchthick strips, and set aside. In a medium stockpot combine sugar and water. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add carrots reduce to a simmer and cook until translucent, about 10 to 12 minutes. Will keep refrigerated in syrup in an airtight container for up to 3 days. Yield: enough for 1 8inch layer cake, ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pans, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pans, 1 cup 3 ounces pecan halves, 1 pound large carrots, peeled, 3 large eggs, room temperature, 13 cup nonfat buttermilk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Orange Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, Candied Carrot Strips, recipe follows, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 8ounce bars cream cheese, room temperature, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 tablespoon freshly grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, Pinch salt, 4 to 5 large carrots, peeled, 6 cups sugar, 4 cups water], title: Carrot and Ginger Cake, picturelink: null}, 54234: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove and discard any bruised or undesirable outside leaves from the head of cabbage. Quarter the cabbage and grate it into a large bowl using the coarse side of a hand grater or the shredding blade of a food processor. Grate the carrot and add it to the cabbage, tossing together to combine. Add the onion, pickles, mayonnaise, salt and pepper. Stir together until thoroughly mixed. Chill for 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 firm head green cabbage about 2 pounds, 2 carrots, peeled, 12 small sweet onion, such as Vidalia, peeled and chopped fine, 14 cup diced sweet bread and butter pickles, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch of black pepper], title: Fourth of July Coleslaw, picturelink: 9c6vxt7DCpoRKUVRo9RNUMT8upaVuiO}, 54235: {instructions: In a small saucepan, heat the butter. Add the sugar and ginger. Stir together until the sugar dissolves. Continue to stir until the sugar starts turning light brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the pineapple chunks, toss to coat, and saute for 2 to 3 minutes to warm the pineapple through.nScoop ice cream into each of 4 ice cream dishes.nRemove the pan from the heat, and add the rum. Using a kitchen torch or igniter, flame the rum, tossing pineapple quickly to extinguish the flames.nPour the pineapple flambe over the ice cream, garnish with a maraschino cherry and a ginger cookie., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup sugar, 12 inch peeled ginger, grated, 14 ripe pineapple, peeled, cored, and cut into chunks, Coconut sorbet or ice cream, 12 cup rum, Maraschino cherries, for garnish, Ginger cookies, for garnish], title: Pina Colada Sundae, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 54236: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: Blanch the peas in boiling salted water until tender, 1 to 2 minutes, then shock them in an ice bath until chilled drain. Whisk together the olive oil, vinegar, mustard, honey and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Add the peas, mint and parsley and toss. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nCook the scallops: Heat a grill or grill pan over high heat. Brush the scallops on both sides with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the sugar over 1 side of the scallops and let them sit for 2 minutes to slightly dissolve the sugar. Place the scallops sugarside down on the grill and cook until golden brown and caramelized, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and continue grilling until just cooked through, about 2 minutes.nServe 3 scallops per plate and spoon the peas and vinaigrette over and around the scallops. Top each with some chopped mint and parsley, if desired.nPhotograph by Linda Xiao, ingredients: [1 cup fresh or frozen peas, Kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, Touch of clover honey, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, 12 large sea scallops, patted dry, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, Chopped fresh mint and parsley, for topping optional], title: Caramelized Scallops with Green Pea Vinaigrette, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 54237: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Spray a heavy nonstick baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray.nFor the filling: Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a 12inch skillet. Cook the onions, salt and pepper, stirring frequently, until soft, about 6 minutes. Add the turkey and cumin. Cook until the turkey is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the spinach and cook until wilted, about 2 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the beans. Mash the beans until smooth, using a fork. Stir in the mascarpone.nPlace a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brush each side of the tortillas with olive oil. Cook the tortillas in batches until warm, about 30 seconds. Spoon about 14 cup of the filling into each tortilla and roll up into a cigar shape. Place the tortillas, seamsidedown, on the baking sheet and sprinkle with Cheddar. Bake until the Cheddar is melted and the tortillas are crisp and golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes and serve with salsa and guacamole., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, minced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground turkey, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 packed cups baby spinach leaves, chopped, 1 can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup mascarpone, at room temperature 8 ounces, Eighteen 6 12inchdiameter extrathin or regular corn tortillas, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup shredded white or extra sharp Cheddar 4 ounces, Serving suggestion: salsa or guacamole], title: Turkey and Spinach Taquitos, picturelink: UEZhdpW7ViSG7NVi3pSUrCKCeblRu}, 54238: {instructions: Combine the chicken broth, 1 cup water, ramen noodles, spinach, chicken, kimchi, corn and soy sauce in a large straightsided skillet. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, about 6 minutes boil for 1 minute.nMeanwhile, slice the scallions and tear the seaweed into bitesize pieces.nDivide the hot ramen among 4 shallow bowls and top each with scallions and seaweed., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Three 3ounce packages ramen noodles flavor packets discarded, One 5ounce package baby spinach about 4 cups, 2 cups leftover shredded rotisserie chicken, 2 cups kimchi, 1 12 cups frozen corn kernels, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 3 scallions, 4 sheets toasted seaweed snack], title: 10Minute Chicken, Corn and Kimchi Ramen, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 54239: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crema: Whisk together the sour cream, mascarpone, lemon zest, lemon juice, basil and salt. Cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to let the flavors marry.nFor the dates: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMake a small lengthwise slit down the center of each date. Remove the pits and open the dates slightly make sure they stay intact. Stuff each date with 1 teaspoon of the sausage. Close the dates up and around the sausageu00bfthey wont close completelyu00bfleaving some of the sausage exposed. Wrap each date in a piece of bacon and place on a baking sheet.nBake for 8 minutes. Flip the dates, and bake until the bacon is crisp, another 8 to 10 minutes. Serve warm, with the crema on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sour cream, room temperature, 1 tablespoon mascarpone, room temperature, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 Medjool dates, 2 links hot Italian sausage, casings removed, 6 slices bacon about 4 ounces, cut crosswise in half], title: Crispy Bacon Wrapped Dates with LemonBasil Crema, picturelink: Vjb2QF4qIZMsMUdJ2XqqQRUmC820Jbq}, 54240: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, ginger, honey, vinegar, garlic and 1 tablespoon of the canola oil. Add the chicken and let marinate for 15 minutes.nIn the meantime, use a vegetable peeler to create ribbons from the carrots there should be about 1 cup of carrot ribbons.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil, remove from the heat and add the ramen noodles let sit for 2 minutes, then drain.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon canola oil in a large skillet or wok. Remove the chicken from the marinade, reserving the marinade. Stirfry the chicken in the hot oil until cooked through, about 5 minutes transfer to a plate and set aside. Add the cabbage, onion and carrots to the skillet and stirfry for 30 seconds. Add 14 cup water, scraping up any browned chicken bits from the bottom. Add the cooked ramen noodles, cooked chicken and reserved marinade to the skillet along with the scallions. Stirfry until everything is heated through and uniformly combined, an additional minute. Serve immediately with sriracha and lime wedges., ingredients: [13 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, sliced, 2 carrots, 3 packages ramen noodles seasoning packets discarded, 1 cup sliced purple cabbage, 1 cup sliced yellow onion, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, Sriracha hot sauce, for serving, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Chicken Ramen StirFry, picturelink: ukD730KJR7njVza9p8h9q633q1kDGsO}, 54241: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large pot of boiling salted water cook the pasta until al dente, drain and set aside.nIn a skillet over medium heat melt 2 tablespoons of butter and oil and cook the leeks until tender but not browned. In a bowl combine the cooked leeks with the Bechamel Sauce, Gorgonzola, Asiago, thyme, oregano, and parsley. Toss the sauce with the pasta until well coated and season, to taste.nGrease a 9inch springform pan with the remaining butter. Fill the springform pan with the pasta mixture and place on a baking sheet. Bake for 40 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes before removing from the pan and slicing.nIn a heavy bottomed pot over medium heat, melt the butter and saute the garlic for 2 minutes until fragrant, but not brown. Remove the garlic and discard. Reduce the heat to low and whisk in the flour to make a roux, cook for 4 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent scorching.nHeat the milk to just below boiling. Pour 1 cup of milk into the roux, whisking constantly as the sauce thickens. Add the rest of the milk, in 12 cup portions, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Simmer the sauce over low heat for 8 minutes, stirring the bottom of the pot with a spatula to prevent burning. Remove the pot from the heat and stir in the cheese, kosher salt and nutmeg to finish the sauce., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 leeks, thinly sliced, Bechamel Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup Gorgonzola, crumbled, 14 cup grated Asiago, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground nutmeg], title: Mac and Cheese with Leeks and Gorgonzola, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 54242: {instructions: Using a round pastry cutter, cut the pastry into 2inch rounds, placing each round on a waxed paper lined cookie sheet. Roll the remaining scrap into a ball and roll out, using a rolling pin, into a 14inch thick sheet and continue to cut rounds of puff pastry until youve used it all up. Refrigerate the rounds until the filling is ready.nHeat a saute pan over medium heat for 1 minute. Add the butter, and when it begins to foam, add the diced onion. Cook the onion until it is translucent, add the carrot and apple and saute for 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook for 2 minutes, then sprinkle with curry powder and stir to combine well. Season with salt and pepper, remove from heat, and spoon the mixture onto a flat pan such as a cookie sheet and cool for several minutes. Put shrimp in refrigerator and chill throughly.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees. Lightly brush a round of pastry with some of the egg wash. Place 1 teaspoon of the shrimp filling in the center of the pastry and fold the dough in half to encase the filling and create a dumpling. Continue to fill the pastry rounds in this way until all of the filling and pastry has been used up. Place the finished turnovers on a parchment paper lined cookie sheet. Brush the tops of the turnovers with the remaining egg wash and bake for 12 to 15 minutes just before you are ready to serve them. They may be held, unbaked and refrigerated, for up to 48 hours for later use. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound storebought puff pastry, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, diced about 12 cup, 1 small carrot, diced about 12 cup, 1 small apple, peeled, cored, and diced about 12 cup, 12 pound small shrimp, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg yolk beaten with 2 tablespoons cold water], title: Curried Shrimp Turnovers, picturelink: null}, 54243: {instructions: In a large soup pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat, add stew meat, and cook until browned on all sides, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add leftover potatoes and tomatoes, chicken stock, green beans and corn. Cook until vegetables are done, about 6 to 8 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 pound beef stew meat, Leftover potatoes and tomatoes, recipe follows, 1 to 2 cups chicken broth depending on the desired thickness of stew, 14 pound green beans, trimmed and halved, 2 ears of corn, kernels cut off cob], title: Vegetable Beef Stew Morph, picturelink: null}, 54244: {instructions: Cochon de lait is the art of cooking a pig before an open hardwood fire. Although the term cochon de lait is French, the origin of this Louisiana social event is obscure. It is know that the custom began at least a century ago and has since been popular throughout Cajun country. It is possible that the Germans who settled in St. James Parish in 1690 were the first to introduce the cochon de lait. These settlers brought pigs to the area and were skilled butchers. Local legend, however, tells that veterans of Napoleons army brought the traditional preparation of cochon de lait to Louisiana in the early 1800s. Many of these soldiers settled in a town in Avoylles Parish they named Manusra in honor of the site of their last major campaign. Since then, Mansura, LA has been designated by the Louisiana legislature as La Capital du Cochon de Lait.nNormally, families cooked pigs in cochon de lait style as the centerpiece for holiday gatherings. The pig, usually weighing less than 30 pounds, was sometimes cooked hanging from the fireplace in the kitchen. The most common method was to cook the pig outdoors over a pecan wood and sugarcane fire. The basic process of the cochon de lait has remained the same over the years. Today, much larger pigs are cooked to feed groups of people. Pigs up to 200 pounds are regarded as excellent for openfire cooking.nWhen preparing a cochon de lait, season the pig well inside and out with salt, cracked black pepper, and granulated garlic. Inject the front and rear hams and tenderloin with an infused liquid made with 2 cups melted butter, 1 cup white wine, 34 cup Louisiana hot sauce and 12 cup granulated garlic. Using a meat saw, cut through the backbone at the neck and tail and lay the pig open flat. Wrap the pig in wire mesh that has been washed and cleaned thoroughly and then secure it with wire to hold it in proper form during the long cooking process. The pig should then be slowly rotated in front of a hardwood fire built 3 to 4 feet away from the pig. The fire, constantly maintained, cooks a 50pound pig in 6 hours. Estimate 1 hour of cooking time for every 10 pounds, but keep in mind that not all pigs will cook at the same rate. After each hour of cooking, flip the pig head side down to ensure even cooking., ingredients: [1 whole pig, 30 to 50 pounds, Salt and cracked black pepper, Granulated garlic for seasoning, plus 12 cup, 2 cups melted butter, 1 cup white wine, 34 cup Louisiana hot sauce], title: Cochon De Lait, picturelink: null}, 54245: {instructions: Peel the mango and slice it in half lengthwise to remove the fruit from the pit. Cut each half lengthwise into thin slices and then cut the slices crosswise in half set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, and baking powder. In another bowl, whisk together the coconut milk, eggs, melted butter, rum, and vanilla extract. Pour the liquid ingredients and mix with the whisk, stopping when everything is just combined. Dont worry if the batter is a bit lumpy. With a rubber spatula, gently but thoroughly fold in the shredded coconut.nIf necessary, lightly butter, oil, or spray your griddle or skillet. Preheat over medium heat or, if using an electric griddle, set to 350 degrees F. If you want to hold the pancakes until serving time, preheat your oven to 200 degrees F.nSpoon 14 cup of batter onto the griddle for each pancake, allowing space for spreading. Arrange a few slices of mango on each pancake. If you have an leftover mango slices, you can dice them and use them for garnish. When the underside of the pancakes are golden and the tops are speckled with bubbles that pop and stay open, flip the pancakes over with a wide spatula and cook until the other sides are light brown. Serve immediately, or keep the finished pancakes in the preheated oven while you make the rest of the batch.nPlace all the ingredients in a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade and whirl until the puree is perfectly smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. The sauce will keep for about 4 days., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, 1 cup all purpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 cups unsweetened coconut milk, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup shredded coconut, Golden mango sauce, recipe follows, Diced fresh mango, garnish, 1 ripe mango, Juice of 1 lime, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Tropical Cakes with Golden Mango Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54246: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the 2 juices and season with sugar, to taste. Pour into a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Carefully place in freezer and freeze until solid, about 4 hours. Use a fork to scrape into large crystals and spoon granita into chilled glasses. Serve immediately., ingredients: [7 cups pure pomegranate juice, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, or more to taste], title: Pomegranate Granita, picturelink: 9e6sQKdINkrtKuPIoMhZT04Rt0Ylq}, 54247: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBring a saucepot of water to a boil, then boil the onions for 3 to 4 minutes, drain and cool. Squeeze pearl the onions from the skins, pushing with root end facing away from you.nPat the meat dry and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Heat the oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the meat and brown evenly all over, then remove to a plate and lower the heat to medium. Add the butter and melt, then add the garlic and onions. Season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until lightly brown, a few minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook for 1 minute, then add the wine to deglaze. Add the beef, stock and tomatoes. Combine and roast, covered, until tender, 2 to 2 12 hours. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat on the stovetop over medium heat, stirring frequently.nServe with the bread for mopping, and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [1 bag red or yellow pearl onions, 2 12 pounds beef chuck, cubed for stew, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 head garlic, cloves crushed, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup dry red or white wine, 2 cups beef stock, One 15ounce can stewed tomatoes, Crusty bread for mopping, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Garlicky Beef, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 54248: {instructions: Toppings: Cincinnatistyle chili, kidney beans, chopped onion, shredded cheddar and oyster crackersnHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: FiveWay Chili Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 54249: {instructions: Put the potatoes and scallions in a large saucepan and add enough water to cover by 1 inch. Add the salt, cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer the potatoes until tender when pierced, about 25 minutes.nDrain the potatoes, reserving 1 cup of the cooking water. Return the potatoes to the saucepan and coarsely mash them by hand. Add the mascarpone and parsley add a little of the cooking water if the potatoes are too stiff. Season with salt and white pepper and serve at once., ingredients: [3 pounds small Yukon Gold or Yellow Finn potatoes, scrubbed, 2 bunches of scallions, white and tender green, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 12 cups mascarpone cheese about 34 pound , at room temperature, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Freshly ground white pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes with Mascarpone, picturelink: null}, 54250: {instructions: In a large pot simmer onion and minced garlic in 2 cups of chicken broth for 10 minutes. Add tomato sauce and all dry spices, except the tenderizer and sugar. Mix well. Brown the meat in oil using a separate pan and drain well. Sprinkle the meat with the tenderizer. Add the meat to the onionspice mixture. Add remaining broth and simmer for 2 12 hours.nMix in brown sugar and hot sauce just before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups finely minced white onion, 8 garlic cloves, finely minced, 2 15 12ounce cans chicken broth, with fat removed, 4 ounces tomato sauce, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 tablespoons ground cumin, 10 12 tablespoons chili powder or 5 tablespoons California chile powder mild, 4 12 tablespoons New Mexico chile powder medium, 1 tablespoon New Mexico chile powder hot, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 pounds beef, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon meat tenderizer, 12 teaspoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon hot red pepper sauce], title: Gold Miners Chili, picturelink: null}, 54251: {instructions: On a clean dry work surface, make a mound of the flour and, using your fingers, make a well in the center of the mound. Using a fork, break the shell of the eggs one by one and drop the eggs into the center of the well you made of the flour. With the fork, beat the eggs together. Again using the fork, slowly begin to fold the flour in towards the center of the well to incorporate the flour into the beaten eggs. As you mix the flour with the beaten eggs, it will begin to form a doughy mass. Work this mass using your fingers until it begins to lose its moist and sticky character. When the mass begins to feel uniformly dry, begin to work the dough using both hands: kneading with the palms of both hands, pushing from the center of the ball of dough outward and folding the near edge inwards to begin the kneading cycle again. The kneading stage should take about 10 minutes by hand. After the dough has been fully kneaded, it is time to thin the dough into sheets suitable for cutting. A manual pasta machine works wonders at this stage. Cut the ball of dough into three equal pieces. Form these pieces, by hand, into equal rectangular shape to be passed through the rollers of the pasta machine. Set the cylindrical rollers at their widest opening, put a piece of dough in the space between rollers and crank the handle to pass the dough through. As the sheet of pasta comes out the bottom of the rollers it should be set on a dry cotton towel to rest while you begin on the next piece. Repeat the thinning process with the remaining pieces of pasta, thinning and then setting aside, consecutively so that each piece of pasta is equally rolled out. When all the pasta has passed through the first rolling stage, set the machine to the next setting to begin rolling the pasta thinner. Start the rolling process again, beginning with the first piece of dough and continue with the remaining pieces. As each is rolled thinner set it aside and continue onto the next. As you return to the first piece of dough, set the cylinders one setting closer. Continue in this fashion until the pasta dough has been rolled out as thinly as possible. As the sheets of dough rest, keep them on a cotton towel, to prevent sticking to the work surface. When they are all rolled out you are ready to cut the pasta into the desired shape. They can be cut using the cutting wheels of the rolling machine or by hand using a knife., ingredients: [1 12 cups unbleached flour, 3 eggs], title: Basic Pasta Dough, picturelink: null}, 54252: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the allspice, oregano and garlic powder in a bowl. Pierce the pork all over with a fork. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper rub with the spice mixture.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and cook, turning, until browned all over, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven. Cook until a thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the couscous and cook, stirring, until toasted, 5 minutes. Add 1 34 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed, about 15 minutes.nFluff the couscous with a fork let cool. Add the feta, cucumbers, herbs, sundried tomatoes, lemon juice and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil toss. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the pork and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 large pork tenderloin about 1 14 pounds, trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup Israeli couscous, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 Persian cucumbers, halved and thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh dill andor parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped sundried tomatoes not oilpacked, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving], title: Greek Pork Tenderloin with Israeli Couscous, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 54253: {instructions: Slice lemons 18inch thick. Layer half the lemon slices and shallots in a pan. Sprinkle with 14 cup salt. Repeat layering process with remaining ingredients. Cover the pan with plastic wrap making sure the plastic touches the top layer of lemons. Leave the pan overnight or up to 48 hours. Rinse the lemon slices and use as you would preserved lemons., ingredients: [5 organic, or thin skinned lemons, 2 shallots, minced, 12 cup salt], title: Quick Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 54254: {instructions: Have butcher cut the chine bone in between each rib of the pork roast to make carving easier. Leave the fat cap on for added moisture and flavor. Line a large stockpot or bucket with a plastic bag. Pour water into the bag and dissolve salt and brown sugar. Add peppercorns and a few thyme sprigs. Place the pork roast in the bag of brine. Tie the bag closed so the pork is submerged. Refrigerate for 6 hours, the brine will tenderize the meat. Remove pork from the brine and dry thoroughly with paper towels.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Lay thyme sprigs all over the pork roast, season with salt and pepper, then secure with butchers twine to help hold the shape. Coat a roasting pan with a little olive oil and set on 2 burners over high heat until almost smoking. Sear the pork, fat side down, until caramelized. Turn the roast to brown all sides, this should take about 10 minutes. To flavor the pork drippings, scatter carrots, garlic, onion, shallots and more thyme sprigs in the pan, then transfer the roast to oven. Roast until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the roast registers 150 degrees F, approximately 1 hour.nHeat olive oil in a large deep skillet over medium heat. Brown the sausage links on all sides until cooked through. Remove the links from the pan and slice on a bias. Add slivered garlic, red pepper flakes and fennel seed, stir to incorporate. Return the sausage back to the pan, along with broccoli rabe and chicken broth. Saute with the stock for 5 minutes until the rabe is wilted.nWhisk together balsamic vinegar, honey, mustard seed, tarragon, and about 14 cup olive oil. Slice peaches in half lengthwise and remove pits. Pour the marinade over the peaches, tossing to coat. Place peaches cut side down in a baking pan and roast for 12 to 15 minutes until soft.nRemove the pork to a cutting board and let it rest while preparing the pan sauce. Discard the aromatic vegetables from the roasting pan, set pan on 2 burners over medium heat. Deglaze with apple juice, scraping up the brown bits stuck to the bottom of the pan. Reduce by a third. Season with salt and pepper whisk in butter to smooth out.nCut the twine and carve the roast. Serve family style on a platter with broccoli rabe, sausage, and roasted peaches. Drizzle sauce over meat before serving., ingredients: [1 centercut bonein pork roast, about 5 pounds, 1 gallon water, 1 cup kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns, 1 bunch fresh thyme, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 4 carrots, peeled, 1 head garlic, split, 1 onion, halved, 2 shallots, halved, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, 2 garlic cloves, slivered, Pinch red pepper flakes, Pinch fennel seed, 1 12 pounds broccoli rabe, trimmed, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon whole mustard seed, 2 tablespoons fresh tarragon, 1 dozen peaches, 2 cups apple juice, 1 tablespoon butter], title: BoneIn Pork Roast with Broccoli Rabe, Sweet Italian Sausage, and Roasted Peaches, picturelink: null}, 54255: {instructions: Remove wings from chicken, cut chicken into 4 pieces, 2 legs and 2 half breasts. Dry meat thoroughly. Place 14cup olive oil into a pan on the heat, add the chicken  skin side down and brown on both sides. Brown the sausage pieces on all sides In a separate pan place 2 tablespoons of olive oil  add the garlic and then the capsicum. Add 2 tomatoes and allow the vegetables to sweat together. Add the mushrooms to the chicken and the sausage. Moisten with 12cup dry white wine and then add vegetable mixture. Simmer 25 minutes. Remove chicken pieces to a heated serving dish and keep warm. Add 2 tomatoes to the sauce. Raise the heat under the pan, bring to the boil and reduce sauce. Add the parsley and 14 cup white wine. Reduce for 2 minutes. Coat chicken with half of the sauce. Place the boiled rice on a separate dish, make a well in the center and fill with the rest of the warm sauce., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound chicken, Black pepper and salt, 14 cup olive oil plus 2 tablespoons, 1 large garlic clove, crushed and finely chopped, 2 green peppers, cored, seeded, and cut into strips, 1 red peppes, cored, seeded, and cut into strips, 4 large tomatoes, skinned, seeded and chopped, 1 cup mushrooms, finely diced, 5 ounces Csabai sausage, cut into 14inch slices, 34 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon parsley, roughly chopped, 1 cup long grained rice, boiled], title: Poulet Basquaise, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 54256: {instructions: Place ice cubes and all ingredients in a large cocktail glass. Stir together and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ice cubes, 13 cup gin, 14 cup guava nectar, 14 cup pineapple juice, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup club soda, chilled], title: Gin Plush, picturelink: null}, 54257: {instructions: 1. Beat pudding mix, spice and milk with whisk in medium bowl for 2 min. Stir in COOL WHIP.n2. Cut a thin slice off each donut hole discard. Cut donuts in half fill with pudding mixture. Press each together gently to secure.n3. Place cutsides down on plate. Drizzle with chocolate.nVariation: Do not cut slices off bottoms of donut holes. Prepare recipe as directed. Insert lollipop stick into center of each donut hole to serve., ingredients: [1 pkg. 3oz. JELLO Vanilla Flavor Instant Pudding, 1 tsp. pumpkin pie spice, 13 cup cold milk, 1 cup thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping, 3 doz. vanilla cake donut holes 112 inch, 14 cup chocolate syrup], title: PumpkinSpiced Mini Cake Balls, picturelink: null}, 54258: {instructions: To make the chile sauce, cover the chiles with 2 cups boiling water. Soak until softened, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the chiles, their liquid and garlic to a blender. Puree about 1 minute, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula. Add the vinegar, oregano, molasses, mustard, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. Chile sauce may be refrigerated up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [6 to 8 ounces dried Ancho chiles, wiped clean and seeded, 8 large cloves garlic, peeled, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 12 pounds pork baby back or country style ribs, cooked, Baked pineapple, recipe follows], title: Red Chili Sauce for Ribs, picturelink: null}, 54259: {instructions: Add the sugar and limes to a cocktail shaker and smash a few times with a muddler. Fill a highball glass with the crushed ice. Fill the glass with cachaca, leaving 1 inch from the top. Pour the glass into the cocktail shaker, and shake really well. Move the cocktail back into the glass, pull out a straw and enjoy the buzz., ingredients: [1 teaspoon raw sugar, 12 lime, sliced into chunks, Crushed ice, Cachaca Brazilian liquor made of sugar cane], title: Caipirinha, picturelink: null}, 54260: {instructions: Pour the warm water into a small shallow bowl and sprinkle yeast and 2 teaspoons sugar into it. Allow the yeast and sugar to rest for 3 minutes and then mix thoroughly. Set bowl in a warm place for 10 minutes or until yeast bubbles up and mixture almost doubles in volume.nCombine 3 12 cups flour, remaining sugar, nutmeg, mace and salt and sift into a large mixing bowl. Stir in lemon zest. Separate center of mixture to form a hole and pour in yeast mixture and milk. Add egg yolks and using a wooden spoon slowly combine dry ingredients into the yeast mixture. When mixture is smooth, beat in 8 tablespoons of butter, 1 tablespoon at a time. Continue to beat 2 minutes or until dough can be formed into a soft ball. Place ball of dough on a lightly floured surface and knead like bread. During the kneading, add 1 cup more of flour sprinkled over dough. When dough is no longer sticky, knead 10 minutes more until shiny and elastic. Using a pastry brush, coat the inside of a large bowl with 1 tablespoon softened butter. Place dough ball in the bowl and rotate until entire surface is buttered. Cover the bowl with a kitchen towel and place in a draftfree space for 1 12 hours or until dough doubles in size.nRemove the dough from the bowl and place on lightly floured surface. Punch the dough down. Sprinkle cinnamon over the top. Pat and shape dough into a cylinder. Twist dough to form a curled cylinder and loop cylinder into buttered baking sheet. Pinch the ends together to complete the circle. Cover the dough with a towel and set in draftfree space for 45 minutes until dough doubles in size. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush top and sides of the cake with egg wash and bake on middle rack of oven for 25 to 35 minutes until golden brown. Place cake on a wire rack to cool. If desired at this time hide the plastic baby in the cake.nCombine sugar, lemon juice and 3 tablespoons water until smooth. If icing is too thick add more water. Spread icing over cake. Immediately sprinkle colored sugars in rows consisting of 2 rows each of green, purple and yellow., ingredients: [12 cup warm water, 2 packages active dry yeast, 12 cup plus 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 12 to 4 12 cups unsifted flour, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon mace, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 12 cup warm milk, 5 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon orange flower water, 1 stick butter, cut into slices, softened plus 1 tablespoon, 1 egg slightly beaten with 1 tablespoon milk, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 small plastic baby doll, Icing, recipe follows, Colored sugar green, purple and yellow, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup lemon juice, 3 to 6 tablespoons water], title: Mardi Gras Cake, picturelink: null}, 54261: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 13 x 9inch baking pan with nostick cooking spray.nBLEND strawberries in blender container until smooth. Transfer to saucepan add cornstarch. Cook and stir until thickened. Cool.nCOMBINE graham cracker crumbs and butter in small bowl press firmly into bottom of prepared pan.nBEAT cream cheese until fluffy in large bowl. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Add eggs, lemon juice and vanilla mix well. Pour over crust.nDROP strawberry mixture by spoonfuls over batter. Gently swirl with knife or spatula.nBAKE 25 to 30 minutes or until center is set. Cool. Chill. Cut into bars., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 10 oz. pkg. frozen strawberries, thawed, 1 tbsp. cornstarch, 1 34 cups finely crushed cinnamon graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup 4 tbsps. butter, melted, 2 8 oz. pkgs. cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 large eggs, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 tsp. vanilla extract], title: Strawberry Swirl Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 54262: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons each olive oil and white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard and 12 teaspoon chipotle hot sauce season with salt and pepper. Toss with one 15ounce can blackeyed peas drained and rinsed, 1 each chopped red bell pepper and celery stalk, 14 cup minced red onion and 2 tablespoons chopped parsley season with more hot sauce, salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Chipotle BlackEyed Pea Salad, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 54263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCover potatoes with stock and enough water to cover the potatoes by 1inch. Bring to a boil and cook potatoes 12 to 15 minutes until tender. Drain potatoes and place back in hot pot.nCombine the scallions, celery, vinegar, sugar, horseradish and olive oil in a small bowl. Pour over the hot potatoes to absorb.nSeason the salad with celery seed, dill, salt and pepper., ingredients: [dill2 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 quart pork or chicken stock recommended: Kitchen Basics, 1 small bunch scallions, finely chopped, 3 to 4 ribs celery with leafy tops, chopped, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 rounded tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon celery seed, optional, A generous handful dill, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Salad, picturelink: oG0GuR7SzGG.zT6wv.9ELMj.eLwOGW}, 54264: {instructions: Combine ingredients in above order over ice in a highball glass. Garnish with a lemon wedge or slice and a pinch of salt and pepper.nServing suggestion:Line highball rim with lime and dip glass into a plate of celery salt., ingredients: [Freshly grated horseradish, optional, 1ounce vodka, optional, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 2 dashes hot red pepper sauce, 5 ounces tomato juice, Lemon wedge, or slice, Salt and pepper], title: The Bloody Mary, picturelink: null}, 54265: {instructions: In a bowl, beat eggs, salt, black pepper, cheese, and milk. Set aside.nCook pancetta in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally until it is done like crisp pieces of bacon. Drain off excess fat but leave about 2 tablespoons in the pan.nAdd garlic and bell pepper to the pan and cook over mediumhigh heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or until garlic shows the first sign of turning golden.nAdd Italian parsley. Stir for 1 more minute.nReduce heat to medium, add egg mixture to pan, and stir until eggs are cooked to your liking. Serve immediately on warmed plates., ingredients: [8 eggs, Salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup milk, 12 pound pancetta, or thickly sliced bacon, sliced crosswise into 14inch strips, 1 garlic cloves, minced, optional, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 cup fresh Italian parsley stems discarded before measuring], title: Eggs Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 54266: {instructions: Right before serving in a food processor puree the broth, garlic, lime juice and 1 of the avocados season well to taste with salt and cayenne pepper.nAdd ice water to thin the soup to the texture you like. Chill the soup while you peel and cut remaining avocado into small dice. Fold the diced avocado into the base and adjust the seasoning.nTo serve, ladle soup into chilled bowls and garnish with cilantro, chives and a dollop of yogurt in the center or each portion., ingredients: [2 cups chilled defatted chicken or vegetable broth, 1 small peeled garlic clove, passed through a press, 2 ripe Haas avocados, 13 cup lime or lemon juice, Salt and cayenne pepper to taste, Ice water, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup finely chopped chives, 12 cup plain yogurt or sour cream], title: Chilled Avocado Soup, picturelink: null}, 54267: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to medium.nSpread the bottom side of each graham cracker with 1 tablespoon of the raspberry preserves and arrange on a flat surface, preserve side up. Put half a bar of the chocolate on top of the preserves on 4 of the crackers.nToast the marshmallows on sticks or hangers until golden brown on all sides and softened. Put 3 marshmallows on top of each of the crackers with the chocolate and top each with the remaining crackers, raspberry preserve sidedown. Arrange them on sheets of foil and put them on the grill. Close the cover and grill until the chocolate just begins to melt, about 30 seconds. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper and spray lightly with nonstick spray.nIn a mediumsized bowl, whisk together the flours, salt, cocoa, sugar, and baking powder. Cut the butter into the flour mixture until small crumbs form. In a separate bowl, whisk together the honey and milk. Add the liquid to the dry ingredients and toss lightly with a fork until the dough comes together. Add additional milk, if necessary.nTurn the dough out onto a wellfloured surface and gently knead until smooth. Divide the dough in half. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nWork with half of the dough at a time, keeping the remaining dough covered. Transfer 1 piece of dough to a piece of parchment paper. Roll it out into a rectangle a bit larger than 10 by 14 inches and about 116inch thick. Trim the edges and prick the dough evenly with a dough docker or fork. Transfer the dough to the baking sheet, sprinkle the top with half of the sugar and repeat with the remaining dough.nBake until slightly firm to the touch, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove them from the oven, and immediately cut them into rectangles. Transfer them to a rack to cool, ingredients: [8 Chocolate Graham Crackers, recipe follows, 12 cup good quality raspberry preserves with seeds, Two 3.5ounce bars bittersweet chocolate bars, halved crosswise, 12 marshmallows vanilla, dark chocolate or raspberry flavored or combination of all, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup 2 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 34 cup 3 34 ounces wholewheat flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup good quality Dutchprocess cocoa recommended: Vahlrona, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup slightly cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 2 tablespoons cold milk, plus more if needed, 3 tablespoons sugar in the raw], title: Dark Chocolate Smores, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 54268: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to high. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter.nAdd the onions and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until fragrant. Add the roasted garlic paste and potato. Mix well. Cook for 2 minutes, then add a splash of white wine and 2 cups chicken stock. Bring to a simmer. Cook until potato is tender, about 8 to 10 minutes.nOnce tender, add the cream and lemon juice. Season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from the heat and allow to cool slightly.nOnce cooled add the mixture to a blender. Add a bunch of chives, remaining 1 tablespoon butter, and 2 tablespoons chicken stock. Pulse until pureed and smooth.nSeason the chicken chops with salt and pepper, to taste, and drizzle with the remaining olive oil. Put the chops on the hot grill and cook for 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Transfer the chops from the grill to sheet pan and bake in the oven for 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and arrange the chops on a serving platter. Serve with roasted garlic and chive puree., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 small onion, diced, 14 cup roasted garlic paste, 1 potato, finely diced, Splash white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, plus 2 tablespoons, divided, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 bunch chives, 4 6ounce chicken chops bonein, skinon, thickly cut breasts, ask your butcher], title: Grilled Chicken Chops with Garlic Puree, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 54269: {instructions: Place the pineapple in a medium saucepan, then add 2 halfpints of raspberries, all the blueberries, the sugar, and 34 cup water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and cook uncovered over mediumlow heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 7 minutes. The juice will become a syrup and the berries will be slightly cooked. Off the heat, stir in the remaining halfpint of raspberries and the framboise, if desired. Set aside until warm.nPlace about 34 cup of fruit in each bowl and top with a scoop of ice cream., ingredients: [14 golden pineapple, peeled and largediced, 3 halfpints fresh raspberries, divided, 2 halfpints fresh blueberries, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup water, 2 tablespoons framboise raspberry brandy, optional, 2 pints good vanilla ice cream], title: Stewed Fruit with Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 54270: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the mayonnaise: In a blender, combine all ingredients and process until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed. Store covered in the refrigerator until ready to use.nFor the fries: Heat oven to 200 degrees F. In a large cast iron skillet, pan, or Dutch oven, heat vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, peel sweet potatoes and cut lengthwise into 12inch planks. Cut planks lengthwise into 12inch strips. Place strips in hot water with vinegar while oil finishes heating. Line a plate with paper towels and set aside.nWhen oil is heated, drain fries and thoroughly pat dry with paper towels. Add 13 of fries to oil and cook until browned and cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove fries to paper towels with a slotted spoon and season immediately with kosher salt. Return oil to 350 degrees F and repeat with remaining fries. Hold in oven until fish is ready.nFor the fish: Skim oil to clean then return to stove over mediumhigh and bring to 350 degrees F. Pat fish dry with paper towels then cut into 12inch strips set aside. In a large bowl whisk together flour, salt, cayenne, and pepper well combined. Add club soda and whisk briefly until a batter is formed there may be a few lumps left. Place all fish in batter and mix to coat thoroughly. Remove 8 pieces of fish from batter, shake off excess batter, and fry, stirring occasionally, until golden and fish is just cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes. To test if fish is cooked, break open 1 piece and make sure meat is white throughout. Transfer fish with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Return oil to 350 degrees F and repeat with remaining fish. Serve immediately with fries and mayonnaise., ingredients: [1 14 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice from 1 medium lime, 8 cilantro sprigs, stems trimmed, 2 medium garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups vegetable oil, 2 large sweet potatoes about 2 pounds, 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 1 pound sole or haddock fillets, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chilled club soda], title: Fried Fish Bites with Sweet Potato Fries and Spicy Mayo, picturelink: kZ3Xj7y8QrFs0zV1.uJKem8EORYgIAG}, 54271: {instructions: Two hours ahead of time, place the yogurt in a strainer lined with a coffee filter and set over a bowl. Place in the refrigerator and let yogurt drain for two hours. At serving time, cut large tomatoes into chunks or wedges cut small tomatoes in half or quarters. Place all tomatoes in large bowl. Place vinegar in small bowl and whisk in sugar, salt, pepper and drained yogurt. Drizzle in olive oil while whisking so as to form an emulsion. Pour over tomatoes, add chives, and stir. Serve over pieces of toasted country bread.nTOASTED COUNTRY BREADnPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Brush bread slices lightly with olive oil on both sides. Place on rack placed on a cookie sheet and place in oven. Toast for 1015 minutes, or until just beginning to brown. Spoon tomato salad on top and serve., ingredients: [34 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 34 pounds ripe tomatoes, the greatest variety of colors, sizes and shapes possible, for example, red, yellow, striped, cherry, beefsteak, plum, pear, etc., 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 bunch chives, minced, 6 thick slices crusty country bread, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Salad of Many Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 54272: {instructions: Place the chopped chocolate and vanilla in a mixing bowl. In a saucepan heat together milk, cream and star anise until boiling. Pour over chocolate and whisk well to melt. Strain into mugs to remove star anise., ingredients: [4 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 ounces milk, 2 ounces cream, 3 pieces star anise], title: White Chocolate Hot Cocoa, picturelink: H2Xt0Sv5qVo6TqHeV4c0yi6qiSb6Iii}, 54273: {instructions: For the crust:nMix cookie crumbs with melted butter and press into the bottom and sides of the pie plate. Place piecrust in the freezer for 5 minutes to set.nFor the filling:nPlace the cookie chunks, chopped almond ding and semisweet chocolate chips in small bowls on your workstation. Spread 2 ounces of the bitter chocolate sauce on the bottom and the sides of the pie crust. Set aside.nFor the marshmallow:nHydrate the gelatin sheets in a small saucepan. Gently warm the gelatin on the stove until dissolved and set aside. Place egg whites, cream of tartar and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer and a whip attachment. In a medium saucepan, bring the sugar, corn syrup and water to a boil. Using a candy thermometer, bring the syrup to 230 degrees F. Start whipping the egg whites on high speed and continue to boil the syrup to 240 degrees F.nPour syrup into the egg whites in a thin stream while whipping the egg whites and until all the syrup is incorporated. While continuing to whip, add the gelatin and vanilla. Whip for 1 minute longer.nFor assembly:nImmediately spread 13 of the marshmallow on the crust. Sprinkle with half the cookie chunks, almond ding and chocolate ships. Drizzle 2 ounces of the bitter chocolate sauce over the pie. Spread another 13 of marshmallow and sprinkle with the remaining cookie chunks, almond ding and chocolate chips and bitter chocolate sauce. Top with the remaining marshmallow and shape the top with dips and swirls using a metal offset spatula. Refrigerate pie for 4 hours or overnight.nTo serve:nCut the chilled pie into 8 pieces and place each slice on an ovenproof plate. Bake at 400 degrees F for 5 minutes until golden brown. Serve immediately.nCombine the chocolates, corn syrup and butter over a double boiler and gently melt. Stir in cream.nMix ingredients in a saute pan and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until almonds are toasted and caramel is a light brown., ingredients: [9 ounces finely ground dark chocolate cookies, 2 12 ounces butter, melted, 8 ounces dark chocolate cookie chunks, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, For the marshmallow:, 4 sheets gelatin, soaked in water, 3 ounces water, 5 ounces egg whites, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch salt, 8 ounces sugar, 1 12 ounces corn syrup, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 12 ounces almond ding, chopped, recipe follows, 6 ounces bitter chocolate sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 12 ounces corn syrup, 7 ounces butter, 5 ounces heavy cream, 3 ounces whole blanched almonds, 2 ounces sugar, 5 ounces butter, Pinch salt], title: Campfire Pie, picturelink: UNdiPoeUi6MR5HL5.2E2VM8raRTcUjC}, 54274: {instructions: Preheat the over to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour one 812 x 412 loaf pan. In a small bowl, toss together the blueberries and 2 tablespoons of flour. In a medium bowl, combine the cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda, salt, and the remaining 134 cups of flour. In a large bowl, with an electric mixer on high speed, beat the butter and sugar for 3 minutes, or until light and fluffy. Add the egg and beat well. Beat in the orange juice and orange peel. Add the flour mixture and, with the mixer on low speed, beat until wellblended. Stir in the blueberries. Spread in the prepared pan. Bake for 55 to 65 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on a rack for 5 minutes. Remove from the pan and cool completely on the rack., ingredients: [12 cup Floridas Naturalu00ae Premium orange juice, 1 cup blueberries, 2 tbsp. unbleached allpurpose flour, 134 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 112 tsp. baking powder, 12 tsp. baking soda, 12 tsp. salt, 6 tbsp. butter, at room temperature, 34 cup sugar, 1 egg, 2 tsp. orange peel, grated], title: OrangeBlueberry Loaf, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 54275: {instructions: Glaze: Add all the ingredients to a small bowl and stir until smooth. Set the bowl aside.nCake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly grease a Bundt pan or tube pan.nIn a bowl, mix together the apples, walnuts, vanilla, and cinnamon. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt.nUsing an electric mixer beat the sugar, oil, and eggs in a large bowl. Add in the dry ingredients and beat until completely combined. Fold in the apple mixture.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 1 hour and 30 minutes or until a tester inserted into the middle of the cake comes out clean.nAllow the cake to fully cool in the pan, about 1 hour, and then turn it out onto a plate.nDrizzle the apple cake with some of the honey glaze, serve and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons milk, 3 cups diced Granny Smith apples, about 2 apples, 1 cup lightly toasted chopped walnuts, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups sugar, 1 14 cups vegetable oil, 3 eggs], title: Uncle Bobs Fresh Apple Cake, picturelink: null}, 54276: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt and the linguini and cook to an extra chewy al dente, 7 minutes or so. The linguini will continue to cook in sauce, later. To a large skillet heated over medium heat, add oil, anchovies, garlic, thyme and red pepper flakes. Cook together until anchovies melt into oil and break up completely. Add wine to the pan and give the pan a shake. Add clams and their juice. Drain pasta and add it to the clam sauce. Toss and coat the pasta in sauce with clams until the pasta absorbs the flavor and juices, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat and season with salt, add parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 pound linguini, Salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, 6 fillets flat anchovies, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme leaves, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 turns of pan, 1 15ounce can whole baby clams, with their juice, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Linguini with Clam Sauce, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 54277: {instructions: Boil the spaghetti in salted water until it is al dente. Drain and set aside.nBeat the eggs. Add the black pepper and cheese to the beaten eggs. Set aside. Add cream to this mixture, if desired, for a creamier dish.nPut the oil in a saucepan with the pancetta, and saute for 5 minutes. Add the spaghetti into the pan and saute for another 3 minutes.nTurn off the flame this is important and add the egg and cheese mixture to the pasta and mix. Serve with additional Pecorino Romano on top., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 3 teaspoons Pecorino Romano, plus extra, for serving, 2 teaspoons cream, optional, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 slices pancetta], title: Spaghetti alla Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 54278: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nHeat oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add onion and bell pepper and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in potatoes and cook until golden brown. Add cooked leftover meat and toss to coat.nIn a mixing bowl beat together the eggs and cream and season with salt and pepper. Pour egg mixture into skillet and stir in chopped herbs. Top with grated cheese and brown under broiler for about 2 to 3 minutes until the frittata puffs, ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 12 red or green bell pepper, chopped, 1 cup boiled potatoes, chopped, 12 cup leftover cooked chopped turkey, 6 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup cream, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, basil or cilantro, 12 cup grated cheddar, Monterey jack or mozzarella], title: Turkey Frittata, picturelink: DIVj0akkaQRjyQ.9EEGZ1mPLOFhWlX2}, 54279: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 12 cup12 capacity muffin tins with cupcake papers.nIn a small bowl, combine the flours. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, on the medium speed of an electric mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar gradually and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the dry ingredients in 3 parts, alternating with the milk and vanilla. With each addition, beat until the ingredients are incorporated but do not over beat. Using a rubber spatula, scrape down the batter in the bowl to make sure the ingredients are well blended. Carefully spoon the batter into the cupcake liners, filling them about 34 full. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cupcake comes out clean.nCool the cupcakes in tins for 15 minutes. Remove from the tins and cool completely on a wire rack before icing.nPlace the butter in a large mixing bowl. Add 4 cups of the sugar and then the milk and vanilla. On the medium speed of an electric mixer, beat until smooth and creamy, about 3 to 5 minutes. Gradually add the remaining sugar, 1 cup at a time, beating well after each addition about 2 minutes, until the icing is thick enough to be of good spreading consistency. You may not need to add all of the sugar. If desired, add a few drops of food coloring and mix thoroughly. Use and store the icing at room temperature because icing will set if chilled. Icing can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 12 cups selfrising flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Vanilla Buttercream, recipe follows, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 6 to 8 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Magnolias Vanilla Cupcake, picturelink: WqGsXKXtmRyHf94JjMwpXotwYsk2}, 54280: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Salt and pepper the fish sticks. Place the flour on a rimmed plate and season with the garlic, mixing with a fork, and set aside. Place the bread and herbs if using in a food processor and pulse until uniform, but not too small. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the breadcrumbs to a shallow baking dish or rimmed plate and set aside. Whisk the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a medium bowl. Dredge a piece of fish in the flour, gently shake off excess, and then dip the fish in the egg mixture, then the breadcrumbs, gently pressing into the crumbs. Repeat with the remaining pieces of fish. Place a metal cooling rack on top of a baking sheet, and mist with olive oil. Place the fish sticks on the rack and bake until the fish is cooked through, about 12 minutes. For even browning, you can turn the fish over halfway through cooking time and spray the second side with olive oil., ingredients: [Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 1 pound firmflesh white fish, such as cod, sliced into sticks about 1 inch by 3 inches, 12 cup whole grain pastry flour or white whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 slices whole grain bread or sub 1 cup whole grain breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon dried Italian herbs optional if kids dont freak out, 1 large egg, Olive oil, in a spray bottle or mister or nonstick vegetable spray], title: Baked Fish Sticks, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 54281: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill and position the rack 4 inches above mediumhigh heat, or heat a gas grill to mediumhigh heat. Lightly oil the grill.nForm the beef into 6 patties, about 3 12 inches in diameter, and sprinkle on both sides with the salt and pepper. Grill the burgers, charring well on both sides, until almost but not quite as done as desired, 3 to 4 minutes per side for mediumrare. Gas grills may require 1 to 2 minutes more total cooking. Transfer the burgers to a rack to rest for 5 minutes. Top each burger with about 12 tablespoon of the butter and a sprinkling of the chopped parsley. Meanwhile, toast the English Muffins on the grill for 2 to 3 minutes.nReheat the burgers on the grill for about 1 minute. Serve them on the toasted English muffins, topped with the tomato slices., ingredients: [Canola oil, for greasing grill, 3 pounds organic prime ground beef chuck preferably grassfed, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 6 English muffins, split, 1 large beefsteak tomato, cut into 6 slices], title: Burger, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 54282: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Vinaigrette: In a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper until combined.nFor the Salad: Place the garbanzo beans, zucchini, corn, red onion, and lettuce in a large salad bowl. Pour the vinaigrette over the salad and toss well. Garnish with the crumbled Parmesan cheese and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup garbanzo beans, 2 medium zucchini, diced into 14inch pieces, 12 cup frozen corn, thawed, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, rinsed, 5 romaine lettuce leaves, cut crosswise into 12inch strips, 1ounce Parmesan, crumbled into 14inch pieces], title: Garbanzo Bean and Zucchini Salad, picturelink: s8hGiamsXt6mzNomW92lKxpGNjsBkBG}, 54283: {instructions: In a bowl, combine egg, flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon and nutmeg. In a medium size mixing bowl mix applesauce, honey, pumpkin and water. Gradually add dry mixture to wet mixture, mixing together thoroughly.nPour into 14 by 8inch bread pan. Bake at 350 degrees for approximately 50 minutes to 1 hour when toothpick inserted comes out dry. Cool the bread on a rack. Store in a sealed container., ingredients: [1 medium egg, 1 23 cups whole wheat flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 cup applesauce, 12 cup honey, 1 cup 100 percent natural pumpkin, 12 cup water], title: Pavlovs Punkin Bread, picturelink: null}, 54284: {instructions: Position oven rack in lowest position. Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nCrust: Mix flour, yeast, sugar and salt in bowl. Stir in very warm water and olive oil until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead 10 minutes. Cover let rest 20 minutes.nTomato Sauce: Combine tomato sauce, garlic and Italian seasoning in small bowl.nHerbed Ricotta: Combine ricotta, parsley, basil and salt in small bowl.nSprinkle pizza pan 15 34inch with cornmeal. Pat dough over pan, stretching and shaping to make 12inch high rim around edge. Lightly score dough into quarters. Spread half of the Herbed Ricotta on each of 2 opposite quarters, and then half of the Seasoned Tomato Sauce on each of the other 2 quarters.nPepperoni and Red Pepper Topping: Top 1 ricotta quarter with pepperoni and roasted red peppers, and then mozzarella.nMushroom and Black Olive Topping: Sprinkle mushrooms and olives over a tomato quarter.nArtichoke and Fontina Topping: Sprinkle fontina and artichokes over other tomato quarter.nHam and Onion Topping: Sprinkle ham and onion slices over other ricotta quarter. Top with mozzarella.nBake pizza on bottom rack for 20 to 25 minutes or until heated through and crust is golden brown. Arrange basil over Mushroom and Black Olive Topping. Separate quarters with scallion greens.nPosition oven rack in lowest position. Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nCrust: Mix flour, yeast, sugar and salt in bowl. Stir in very warm water and olive oil until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead 10 minutes. Cover let rest 20 minutes.nSprinkle pizza pan 15 34inch with cornmeal. Pat dough over pan, stretching and shaping to make 12inch high rim around edge. Combine ricotta, parsley, basil and salt in small bowl. Spread over crust. Cover with the topping.nBake pizza on bottom rack for 20 to 25 minutes or until heated through and crust is golden brown.nPosition oven rack in lowest position. Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nCrust: Mix flour, yeast, sugar and salt in bowl. Stir in very warm water and olive oil until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead 10 minutes. Cover let rest 20 minutes.nSprinkle pizza pan 15 34inch with cornmeal. Pat dough over pan, stretching and shaping to make 12inch high rim around edge.nCombine tomato sauce, garlic and Italian seasoning in small bowl. Spread over crust. Cover with the topping.nBake pizza on bottom rack for 20 to 25 minutes or until heated through and crust is golden brown. Arrange basil over Mushroom and Black Olive Topping.nPosition oven rack in lowest position. Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nCrust: Mix flour, yeast, sugar and salt in bowl. Stir in very warm water and olive oil until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead 10 minutes. Cover let rest 20 minutes. Sprinkle pizza pan 15 34inch with cornmeal. Pat dough over pan, stretching and shaping to make 12inch high rim around edge.nCombine tomato sauce, garlic and Italian seasoning in small bowl. spread sauce evenly over the whole crust. Cover with the Artichoke and Fontina Topping.nBake pizza on bottom rack for 20 to 25 minutes or until heated through and crust is golden brown.nPosition oven rack in lowest position. Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nCrust: Mix flour, yeast, sugar and salt in bowl. Stir in very warm water and olive oil until dough forms. Turn dough out onto lightly floured surface. Knead 10 minutes. Cover let rest 20 minutes.nSprinkle pizza pan 15 34inch with cornmeal. Pat dough over pan, stretching and shaping to make 12inch high rim around edge.nCombine ricotta, parsley, basil and salt in small bowl. Spread evenly over the whole crust. Cover with the Ham and Onion Topping.nBake pizza on bottom rack for 20 to 25 minutes or until heated through and crust is golden brown., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 envelope fastrising dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very warm water 115 degrees to 120 degrees F, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup nosaltadded tomato sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon dried Italian herb seasoning, 34 cup ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, for pan, 8 mini presliced pieces pepperoni, 4 thin strips bottled roasted red pepper, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 4 large white mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 4 pitted black olives, sliced, 12 cup shredded fontina, 2 whole canned artichoke hearts, drained and quartered, 12 cup diced cooked ham about 3 ounces, 3 onion slices, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 8 fresh basil leaves, 4 scallions, green part only, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 envelope fastrising dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very warm water 115 degrees to 120 degrees F, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup nosaltadded tomato sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon dried Italian herb seasoning, 1 14 cups ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 32 mini presliced pieces pepperoni, 16 thin strips bottled roasted red peppers, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese 8 ounces, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 envelope fastrising dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very warm water 115 degrees to 120 degrees F, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 can 8 ounces nosaltadded tomato sauce, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons dried Italian herb seasoning, 12 small white mushrooms, sliced, 16 pitted black olives, sliced, 25 fresh basil leaves, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 envelope fastrising dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very warm water 115 degrees to 120 degrees F, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 can 8 ounces nosaltadded tomato sauce, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons dried Italian herb seasoning, 2 cups shredded fontina cheese 8 ounces, 8 whole canned artichoke hearts, drained and quartered, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 envelope fastrising dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup very warm water 115 degrees to 120 degrees F, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 cups ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups diced cooked ham about 9 ounces, 12 onion slices, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese 8 ounces], title: Pizza Four Ways, picturelink: 9lZ5lTTfMlMkfQ2dLLT07nXqZN7hfSu}, 54285: {instructions: 1. In a large glass bowl, combine the water, yeast, agave nectar, and cornmeal. Let sit in a warm place for 10 to 15 minutes, until foamy. Stir in 4 cups of the flour, the sea salt, and the oil. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured board and knead just until all ingredients are well incorporated and dough is smooth. Add more flour as needed if sticky. Lightly oil a large glass bowl and place the dough ball into it. Cover the bowl and set aside in a warm place to rise for 1 hour.n2. In a medium skillet over medium high heat, cook the bacon until just crisp. With a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to a papertowel lined plate. Add the onion to the rendered fat and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, until soft and deep brown.n3. In a small bowl, combine the mayonnaise, chili sauce, chipotle, and 14 cup cilantro and blend well. Refrigerate until needed.n4. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease and flour a 9by5 inch loaf pan.n5. Turn the dough onto a floured surface, sprinkle it with flour, and knead gently until smooth, folding over several times. Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough into a rectangle about 12 by 9 inches.n6. Spread the dough generously with the chipotle mayonnaise. Cover with the brisket, then the onion, roasted pepper, and bacon. Sprinkle evenly with the Havarti, the remaining cilantro, and cracked pepper.n7. From the short side, gently roll up the dough jelly roll style, tucking in the ends as you go. Place the dough roll in the prepared loaf pan, brush with the melted butter, and sprinkle the top with the dry Jack. Bake for 1 hour 25 minutes, until dark golden brown. You should hear a slightly hollow sound when you tap the bread.n8. Cool for a full 30 minutes in the pan on a wire rack. Then remove from the loaf pan and slice into 1 inch thick slices. Enjoy immediately., ingredients: [2 cups warm water 110 degrees F, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast about 2 packets, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, 2 tablespoons finely ground cornmeal, 4 to 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 1 tablespoon fine sea salt, 14 cup grape seed or canola oil, 12 pound bacon, chopped, 1 cup 14inch sliced sweet onion about 12 onion, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Chili Sauce page 368, 1 tablespoon minced chipotle pepper in adobo, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro, 4 cups shredded or chopped leftover Bring It On Beef Brisket page 240, 12 cup thin strips roasted red bell pepper see page 130, 14 cup shredded Havarti cheese, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons grated dry Jack cheese], title: Texas Holdem, picturelink: rGgC4WKZCpHz0n.UjfuR43P9Kwz8O}, 54286: {instructions: For the graham crackers: In a bowl, mix together the allpurpose flour, whole wheat flour, wheat bran, wheat germ, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon and salt and set aside. In another bowl, whisk together the honey, milk and vanilla. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and brown sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. At low speed, stir in the dry ingredients alternating with the milk mixture. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate for about 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Shape the dough into a disk and sandwich between two pieces of floured parchment paper. Roll out to 14inch thick. Cut out cookies using a 2inch round cookie cutter. Gather up the scraps, roll again and cut out more cookies. Arrange the cookies about 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the edges are lightly golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Let them cool completely on the baking sheets.nFor the ganache: Put the chocolate in a bowl. In a saucepan, bring the cream to a boil. Remove from the heat and pour over the chocolate. Let melt for 1 minute without stirring. With a whisk, stir until smooth. Whisk in the butter. Cover and refrigerate until the ganache is cold but still spreadable, about 30 minutes.nFor the marshmallow: Sprinkle the gelatin over 14 cup water in the bowl of an electric mixture and let bloom for 5 minutes. Combine the sugar, corn syrup and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until all of the sugar has dissolved and the mixture registers 240 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Beat the gelatin mixture on medium high and slowly drizzle in the sugar mixture and vanilla. Continue to beat until the marshmallow topping cools and forms stiff peaks, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag if desired. Preheat the broiler. To assemble the cookies, spread about 1 teaspoon of the ganache on each cookie. Top with a piped swirl or dollop of marshmallow. Broil until the marshmallows turn golden, rotating as needed, about 1 minute. Let cool and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 14 cups whole wheat flour, 23 cup wheat bran, 13 cup wheat germ, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt, 13 cup honey, 14 cup milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup 1 stick butter, softened, 1 14 cups lightlypacked light brown sugar, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, 13 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: SMores Cookies, picturelink: null}, 54287: {instructions: Heat oil in a deep fryer or skillet to 375 degrees F.nMix together the sugar, baking powder, salt, garlic salt and pepper. Mix together the milk, onions and egg in a blender until they are a milkshake consistencynWhisk together the 2 mixtures and let sit until bubbles begin to form, about 5 minutes.nMix together the cornmeal and flour and gradually whisk in the wet mixture. The batter should be thick like cookie dough.nDrop hush puppies into the hot oil by using a teaspoon until they bounce to the surface, about 2 minutes. Continue frying until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutesnRemove and drain on paper towels. Serve hot., ingredients: [Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 14 cups milk, 23 cup chopped onions, 1 egg, beaten, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour], title: The Catfish Places Hush Puppies, picturelink: null}, 54288: {instructions: For the black beans: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 30 seconds. Add the beans, 12 cup water, and the chipotle and cook, stirring occasionally, until the water is reduced and beans are heated through and soft, about 20 minutes. Use a potato masher to mash the beans into a chunky paste. Taste, and season with salt as necessary. Stir in the cilantro, and then spread on a baking sheet to cool.nFor the salsa: Put the avocados, tomatoes, green onions, serrano and some salt and pepper in a large bowl and fold together. Fold in the lime juice, oil, cilantro and watercress. Set aside.nFor the chorizo filling: Heat the oil in a large skillet until it begins to shimmer. Add the chorizo and cook until golden brown and cooked through, about 8 minutes, stirring a few times. With a slotted spoon, remove the sausage to a papertowellined plate.nAdd the onions and peppers to the pan drippings and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 8 minutes. If the chorizo is in large chunks, chop it coarsely, then stir it into the onions and peppers. Add the eggs, and scramble until soft curds form. Season with salt and pepper, then stir in the cilantro and remove from the heat.nTo assemble: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Brush a nonstick baking sheet with some oil. Spread a thin layer of the beans across the center of a tortilla, leaving a 1inch border. Top with some of the chorizo filling and a handful of Monterey Jack. Fold in the sides of the tortilla, and then roll from the bottom into a tight cylinder. Place seamside down on the baking sheet and repeat with remaining tortillas, beans, filling and cheese. Brush the tops and sides of the burritos with canola oil, and bake until golden brown and crispy, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a platter, and top with AvocadoTomatoWatercress Salsa, cotija and cilantro leaves. Garnish the platter with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 small onion, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle chile in adobo, Kosher salt, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 3 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and chopped, 12 grape tomatoes, cored and halved, 2 green onions, green and pale green parts only, thinly sliced, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 3 limes, Splash canola oil, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 bunch watercress, thick stems removed, chopped, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 pound loose Mexican chorizo or breakfast sausage, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 large eggs, whisked until very smooth and fluffy, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, Canola oil, for brushing, Eight 10inch flour tortillas, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack, 1 cup grated cotija cheese, for garnish, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Baked Chimichanga Breakfast Burritos with AvocadoTomatoWatercress Salsa, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 54289: {instructions: Make the Basic DinnerRoll Dough, using the Parmesan as the mixin. Let rise as directed.nLightly coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide in half. Roll or stretch each half into a 12inch round, about 14 inch thick. Brush each round with some of the beaten egg and sprinkle with the Havarti and Cheddar, leaving a 1inch border. Lightly press on the cheese to ensure it sticks.nCut each round into 12 wedges with a pizza cutter or chefs knife. Starting from the wide ends, roll up each wedge. Place the rolls on the prepared baking sheets, bending the ends slightly to create a crescent. Loosely cover with plastic wrap let stand until puffy, about 45 minutes.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 375 degrees F. Combine the sesame seeds, poppy seeds and salt in a small bowl. Brush the crescents with the remaining beaten egg and sprinkle with the seed mixture. Bake, switching and rotating the baking sheets halfway through, until the rolls are golden brown, about 25 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan LiebenWarm the milk and 12 cup water in a small saucepan or in the microwave until very warm 110 degrees F. Transfer to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook mix in the sugar, yeast and 1 cup flour until combined but still lumpy. Let stand until the mixture is very bubbly, about 30 minutes.nAdd the butter, salt and 2 cups flour mix on medium speed until smooth and elastic, 2 to 3 minutes. Mix in the eggs until combined, scraping the bottom and side of the bowl as needed. Add 1 14 cups flour and the mixins, if using mix until the dough is smooth and starts to gather into a loose ball, about 4 minutes. The dough should be slightly sticky if its too wet, add the remaining 14 cup flour.nLightly oil a large bowl scrape the dough into the bowl and turn to coat with the oil. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 2 hours., ingredients: [Basic DinnerRoll Dough, recipe follows, 13 cup grated Parmesan cheese, Cooking spray, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 cup grated Havarti cheese about 4 ounces, 1 cup grated sharp white Cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 34 teaspoon sesame seeds, 34 teaspoon poppy seeds, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 14 ounce packet active dry yeast, 4 14 to 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Mixins herbs, spices, cheese, etc., Vegetable oil or cooking spray, for the bowl], title: ThreeCheese Crescents, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 54290: {instructions: In a large saute pan or skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Season the pompano with salt and white pepper. Place the fish, skinside down, in the pan and sear for 2 minutes. Turn fish and cook 1 minute longer. Remove from heat.nIn a small saucepan warm approximately 1 cup of Squab Consomme over low heat, but do not allow to simmer. Add the foie gras and cook for about 4 minutes.nIn the bottom of four shallow bowls, arrange the celeriac chiffonade, black truffle, spring garlic, and lobster medallions, dividing evenly between the bowls. Top with the foie gras and fish. Pour the hot Squab Consomme over the top. Garnish with chervil and serve.nPreheat a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cut the squab carcass into small pieces and place in the saucepan. Stir occasionally until the bones are dark brown. Add the carrots, onion, and celeriac. Cook and stir until the onions are translucent. Add the chicken stock, white peppercorns, thyme and rosemary. Bring to a very light simmer, lower heat to medium, and allow to cook for 2 hours. Drain, cool, and reserve stock.nIn a food processor, pulse the reserved squab breast and leg meat until fine.nIn a large mixing bowl, place the squab meat, egg whites, lemon grass, star anise, sherry vinegar, beets, carrots, onion, and celeriac. Mix in the cooled Squab Stock and place mixture in a narrow, highsided stockpot over medium heat. Stirring constantly, continue cooking while continuously scraping the bottom of the pot to avoid sticking. When the raft begins to form, stop stirring and monitor the heat closely. Do not allow the liquid to boil. When the consomme begins to simmer through the raft, continue cooking for approximately 30 minutes.nUsing a small ladle, gently make a hole in the raft where the consomme can pool, then ladle the pooled consomme into a fine strainer lined with cheesecloth. Set aside for service., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 4 pompano fillets, bloodline removed, Salt and white pepper, for seasoning, Squab Consomme, recipe follows, 4 1ounce slices foie gras, 1 cup celeriac, chiffonade, 1 small black truffle, julienned, 2 bulbs spring garlic, shaved fine, 2 spiny lobster tails, poached until medium rare and sliced into 14inch medallions, Sprigs chervil, for garnish, 2 squab, boned, breast and leg meat reserved for Squab Consomme, recipe follows may substitute 1 duck, prepared the same way, 1 cup peeled and chopped carrot, 1 cup peeled and chopped onion, 1 cup peeled and chopped celeriac, 4 cups chicken stock, 15 whole white peppercorns, Sprig thyme, Sprig rosemary, 4 squab breast and leg meat, reserved from above, 4 egg whites, lightly beaten, 1 stalk fresh lemon grass, chopped, 5 star anise, crushed, 13 cup sherry vinegar, 1 small beet, peeled and chopped, 1 cup peeled and chopped carrot, 1 cup peeled and chopped onion, 1 cup peeled and chopped celeriac, Squab Stock, see recipe above], title: PanSeared Florida Pompano and Spiny Lobster in Squab Consomme, and Poached Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 54291: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and add the garlic. When the garlic has browned, add the onions. Cook the onions until slightly caramelized, about 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the flour and the chipotles and cook for an additional minute. Pour the cream and stock into the pan and stir. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring occasionally.nLayer about 13 of the yam slices in a well greased 11inch baking dish. Drizzle 13 of the cream sauce over the yams and sprinkle some cheese on top. Repeat the steps, reserving 14 cup of the cheese.nIn a small bowl, mix together the bread crumbs, reserved cheese and parsley. Set aside.nCover the yams with foil and bake in the oven for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven, discard the foil and top with the bread crumb mixture. Return to the oven for an additional 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to sit for 5 minutes before serving. Garnish with chopped parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 small onion, diced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 smoky chipotles, minced, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds about 5 to 7 yams or sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 14inch disks, 8 ounces smoked Gouda, grated, 14 cup bread crumbs, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Smoky Yam Gratin, picturelink: 5Rbk2rjStTcNOYu53Tdh3.yBK..PSwC}, 54292: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the pancetta slices on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until crispy, about 13 minutes. Remove from the oven, let cool, then crumble.nWhisk together the vinegar, oil and some salt and pepper in a small bowl. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nCombine the tomatoes, cucumbers and onions in a large bowl and toss to combine. Pour the vinaigrette over toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.nLet the salad sit at room temperature for about 30 minutes, tossing occasionally. Just before serving, scatter with the crumbled pancetta., ingredients: [6 thin slices pancetta, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large tomatoes, quartered, chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 English cucumber, halved lengthwise, thickly sliced, 12 red onion, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Tomato Salad with Pancetta Crisps, picturelink: jchtWyTQpbqR9QyYVo.fiK1UEUhu2c.}, 54293: {instructions: Preheat a griddle or grill pan. Seed chile peppers. Drizzle peppers with a little oil and grill over medium high to high heat 3 or 4 minutes on each side, until tender. Transfer peppers to a broiler pan or baking sheet, hollow side up.nPlace a small skillet on the stove top and add 1 tablespoon, 1 turn of the pan, olive oil and a crushed clove of garlic. Heat over medium flame and add spinach in bunches until it is all wilted and is giving off liquid. Season greens with salt and pepper. Remove spinach and drain. Set aside.nPreheat broiler to high.nDefrost beef and rice in microwave oven. Combine 12 cup broth and defrosted rice in the skillet you cooked the spinach in and reheat over medium flame. Add 1 cup tomato sauce and heat through.nPile spinach and hot beef and tomato rice into peppers, mounding them up in the center of each pepper. Top liberally with grated cheese and melt cheese under broiler 3 to 5 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [4 long, mild to medium chile peppers, such as moderate heat poblano or mild Italian cubanelle, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus some for drizzling, 1 clove garlic, cracked, 10 ounces triple washed spinach, stems removed and coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, 12 cup beef broth or chicken broth, 3 cups leftover Spanish style beef and rice, 1 cup tomato sauce, 2 cups shredded Monterey Jack, smoked cheddar or pepper jack cheese], title: Stuffed Peppers with Beef, Rice, Spinach and Cheese, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 54294: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with two kitchen towels stacked on top of each other and place in the oven. This will keep your cooked pancakes warm.nWhisk the flour, cornstarch, confectioners sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt together in a large bowl. Whisk the milk, eggs, melted butter and almond extract together in another bowl. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and whisk until ingredients are just incorporated and batter is thick its okay if there are some lumps. Let the batter rest for 5 minutes.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat and brush with butter. Ladle 14 cup batter onto the skillet repeat to make a second pancake. Arrange 4 peach slices over each pancake and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon brown sugar. Cook, until pancakes are golden on the bottom and bubbly on top, about 1 minute 30 seconds. Flip the pancakes and cook until the peaches and sugar are caramelized and the batter is cooked through on the second side, about 1 minute 30 seconds more. Transfer the pancakes, fruit side up, to the baking sheet in the oven, tucking them between the two kitchen towels. Repeat with the remaining batter, peaches and brown sugar to make more pancakes, brushing the skillet with more butter between each batch.nTo serve, place 3 pancakes, fruit side up, on each plate. Sprinkle with almonds, dust with confectioners sugar and serve immediately with maple syrup or whipped cream., ingredients: [1 23 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 14 cups milk, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for pan, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 2 ripe peaches, halved and pitted, each half cut into 10 thin slices, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, Confectioners sugar, maple syrup or whipped cream for serving], title: Peach Cobbler Pancakes, picturelink: qVLFDXJhhCnkZmIRJa3iimfA.cyWJ6}, 54295: {instructions: Butterfly the shrimp: Make a deep cut along the outer curved edge, then spread open like a book. Pat dry.nWhisk the eggs with 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and 1 tablespoon parsley in a bowl. Heat about 18 inch olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Put the flour in a shallow bowl. Working in batches, dredge the shrimp in the flour, dip in the egg mixture and add to the skillet cutside down fry, turning, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nPour out any oil from the skillet and wipe clean. Add the broth, wine and lemon juice and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes and cook until the sauce is slightly reduced, 4 minutes. Push the tomatoes to one side whisk in the butter a few pieces at a time. Stir in the shrimp and the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley.nMeanwhile, put the spinach in a microwavesafe bowl, sprinkle with water and season with salt and pepper. Cover with plastic wrap and pierce the plastic microwave until wilted, 3 to 5 minutes. Divide the spinach and shrimp mixture among plates and top with the sauce.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [1 14 pounds extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined about 20 shrimp, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Pure olive oil, for frying, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 34 cup dry white wine, Juice of 1 12 lemons, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Two 5ounce packages baby spinach], title: Shrimp Francese, picturelink: ALyyoLKZWOSNWqDh2PzmB06.QMqsFKu}, 54296: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with cumin, oregano, salt and pepper and mix in the chiles and cilantro or parsley. Dip the tortillas in 1inch warm oil to soften. Tightly roll a couple of forkfuls of chicken up in the tortillas. Place seam side down and bake 12 minutes.nFor the sauce:nHeat a sauce pot over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, red onion and garlic and soften 5 minutes then season with sugar, chili powder, cumin, cinnamon, salt and pepper and stir in the fire roasted tomatoes. Reduce heat to low and simmer.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil. Add the pork, brown it for 2 minutes then add in zucchini, garlic, chipotle in adobo and salt. Cook for about 7 to 8 minutes more.nHeat the last tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil in a small nonstick skillet. Add the black beans and mash with a fork. Season the beans with salt and fry until crisp at edges, about 3 to 4 minutes.nSoften tortillas in microwave or in hot oven. On each tortilla pile a little refried black beans, cheese, pork and lettuce. Tuck in the sides then wrap and roll the tortilla., ingredients: [2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 can chopped green chiles, 4 ounces, A few leaves fresh cilantro or parsley, finely chopped, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 12 6inch corn tortillas, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, a palm full, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 a palm full, A pinch ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can fire roasted crushed tomatoes, 8 8inch flour tortillas, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 1 small zucchini, grated, 2 cloves garlic, grated or finely chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons medium to hot chipotle in adobo, mashed into paste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 19ounce can black beans recommended: Progresso, 2 cups shredded Chihuahua cheese or Monterey Jack or Cheddar, 12 head iceberg lettuce, or 1 heart romaine, shredded], title: Poquito and Grande: Taquitos and Burritos, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 54297: {instructions: Heat 12 cup of the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, add the mushrooms and cook until they start to brown. Make sure not to crowd the pan or the mushrooms will steam instead of searing. Remove from the pan and set aside.nTurn the pan to medium heat and add the remaining 12 cup of the olive oil, onions and garlic and saute for about 10 minutes. Add the chicken broth and reduce by half. Add the cream and reduce by half. Add the rest of the ingredients, simmer for 10 minutes and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPour mixture into a fondue pot. Surround with the seared mushrooms. Dip the mushrooms into the mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 8 cups white mushrooms, quartered, 1 white onion, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 cups cream, 8 cups chopped spinach, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, 12 cup chopped tarragon, 14 cup sherry vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom Fondue, picturelink: null}, 54298: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat olive oil in a medium skillet over mediumheat. Add eggplant and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk 1 egg with the ricotta. Stir in the reserved eggplant, asparagus, 14 cup of the mozzarella, 14 cup Parmesan, oregano, salt, and pepper. Set aside.nPut the chicken breasts in a large plastic bag and pound until very thin and of even thickness. Remove chicken from bag and season with salt and pepper. Spoon a generous dollop of the cheese mixture near the bottom edge of 1 piece of chicken and roll it into a cylinder, around the filling, like a jelly roll. Repeat with remaining chicken.nBeat the remaining eggs in a shallow bowl and put the flour and bread crumbs on separate plates. In a large skillet, melt the butter and shortening. Dredge the chicken rollsups in the flour, dip in the beaten eggs, and then coat them with bread crumbs. Place the rollsups in the skillet and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 10 minutes.nSpread the tomato sauce in a shallow baking dish and place the rollups over the sauce. Sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella and Parmesan. Bake for 30 minutes.nDivide the rollups among 4 plates, spooning some sauce over the top. Sprinkle with diced tomato and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 12 cup diced eggplant, 3 eggs, 12 cup ricotta, 6 spears canned asparagus, finely chopped, 12 cup grated mozzarella, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning chicken, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, plus more for seasoning chicken, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups Italianstyle seasoned bread crumbs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 23 cup prepared tomato sauce, 12 cup diced tomatoes], title: Christinas Chicken Parmesan Eggplant Asparagus RollUps, picturelink: null}, 54299: {instructions: For the sauce: In a mediumsize bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, lemongrass, lime zest, lime juice, honey, and hot sauce. Reserve.nFor the oysters:nShuck the oysters and place openfaced in a bamboo steamer over a wok, boiling with water. Garnish the oysters with garlic. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes.nRemove the oysters from the heat. Drizzle the reserved sauce on the open face of the oysters and garnish with chopped scallions., ingredients: [12 large Pacific Coast Oysters, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon lemongrass, Zest and juice of 1 lime, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon Sriracha hot sauce, 2 scallions, finely chopped], title: Chinatown Oysters, picturelink: null}}