{54300: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a Belgian or conventional waffle ironnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the walnuts in an even layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until toasted. Set aside to cool.nPreheat and lightly grease a waffle iron.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and cook until brown and crispy, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the pancetta to a paper towellined baking sheet to cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine waffle mix, eggs, vegetable oil, water, cinnamon, and salt. Using a whisk, blend the ingredients together until smooth. Stir in the pancetta. Pour the batter, using the amount recommended by the waffle iron manufacturers instructions, into the preheated waffle iron. Cook waffles for 3 to 4 minutes until golden brown.nPlace waffles onto serving plates. Sprinkle with the chopped walnuts and drizzle with maple syrup. Serve immediately, ingredients: [12 cup chopped walnuts, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus 13 cup, plus extra for greasing the waffle iron, 3 4ounce slices pancetta, about 14inch thick, diced into 14inch pieces, 3 cups Belgian waffle mix recommended: Krusteaz, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup maple syrup], title: Pancetta and Cinnamon Waffles, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 54301: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F.nBEAT peanut butter and brown sugar in large bowl with electric mixer until creamy. Beat in egg, water and almond extract until blended. Add flour, baking soda and salt. Beat until evenly moistened. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop by tablespoonfuls on cookie sheet. Flatten slightly in criss cross pattern with fork.nBAKE 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 1 minute on cookie sheet before moving to rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 14 cups Jifu00ae Omega3 Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 tbsps. water, 14 tsp. almond extract, 34 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 14 tsp. salt, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 54302: {instructions: 1. Heat olive oil in a large deep skillet over medium heat. Add onion, carrot, and celery and cook until vegetables are slightly softened, 5 minutes. Add 1 cup water, season with salt and pepper, cover and cook until tender, 10 minutes.n2. Meanwhile, finely chop sage, thyme, and garlic together. Stir chopped herb mixture and beans into vegetables.n3. Cook pasta according to package directions. After 5 minutes, stir in escarole and continue to cook, until shells are al dente, 1 to 2 minutes more. Drain, reserving 1 12 cups pasta water.n4. Add pasta and escarole to the vegetables, tossing with some pasta water until creamy and coated. Stir in 34 cup cheese, season with more salt and pepper to taste. Serve with grated cheese and a dollop of tomato pesto if desired.nCopyright 2009 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [1 small onion, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper or 14 to 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 6 large sage leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 4 garlic cloves, 3 cups cooked borlotti beans, 1 13.25ounce box Whole Grain Medium Shells, 1 head escarole, washed and leaves finely shredded about 12 ounces, 1 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup sundried tomato pesto, optional], title: Whole Grain Medium Shells with Beans and Escarole, picturelink: null}, 54303: {instructions: Mix the vinegar, sugars, coriander, cinnamon and cloves together in a saucepan. Boil over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in the ginger and jalapenos. Add the grapes and allow to sit at least 1 hour or preferably, overnight. Use the grapes in your next chicken or fruit salad., ingredients: [1 12 cups distilled white vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 10 whole cloves, 14 cup crystallized ginger, 2 medium jalapenos, diced, 1 bunch green or red seedless grapes, plucked from stems], title: Pickled Grapes, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 54304: {instructions: In a sealable plastic bag or an airtight container with a lid, combine all ingredients except Tootsie Roll pieces. Secure the bag or container and shake.nAdd chopped Tootsie Roll Midgees. Secure the bag or container and thoroughly shake. EnjoynPER SERVING 16th of recipe, about 1 cup: 109 calories, 1g fat, 103mg sodium, 23.5g carbs, 0.5g fiber, 13.5g sugars, 0.5g protein, ingredients: [2 cups popped 94 percent fatfree kettle corn microwave popcorn, 1 cup cinnamonsugar cereal squares, 34 cup chocolateflavored puffed cereal recommended: Cocoa Puffs, 34 cup mini marshmallows, 10 Tootsie Roll Midgees, chopped], title: Chewy Smores Snack Mix, picturelink: XFavEw8bRqHPK34SBYXezsey75f2ouq}, 54305: {instructions: Pound and crush the garlic with a pinch of salt to a paste in a mortar, or chop finely using the flat part of your knife to crush the garlic and salt into a smooth paste. This may take a few minutes but it is essential that the garlic is perfectly smooth and that no chunks remain before starting to make the aioli. Transfer to a bowl, add the egg yolks and whisk to blend. Still whisking, slowly pour in a quarter of the olive oil, a few drops at a time, until the sauce starts to acquire some body, and then pour in the rest of the olive oil in a slow, steady stream, until it becomes a creamy thick sauce. To finish, add in the lemon juice, plus an extra squeeze of lemon juice to taste, and the hot water. Stir well and serve. If not serving right away, store in the refrigerator and consume within 2 days., ingredients: [3 large cloves garlic, germs removed, 2 pinches sea salt, 2 egg yolks, 2 14 cups Spanish olive oil not virgin, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, plus more to taste, 1 to 2 tablespoons hot water], title: Salsa Alioli Garlic Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 54306: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line a baking sheet with a silicone mat. You can also use parchment paper. Beat the butter, sugar, vanilla and salt in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg whites and beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour and beat until just incorporated. Transfer 1 tablespoon of the batter to a small bowl and stir in the red food coloring.nSpoon 1 tablespoon of the plain batter onto the silcone mat use an offset spatula to spread the batter into a very thin oval, about 4 by 6 inches. Repeat to make 3 more ovals on the mat. Dip a toothpick into the red batter and drag it diagonally across the ovals to make thin red stripes.nBake until the cookies are set and the edges are just golden, about 7 minutes. Let cool 45 seconds, then immediately loosen the cookies from the baking sheet with an offset spatula and roll each one lengthwise around a chopstick or the handle of a thin wooden spoon to make a tube. Pull out the chopstick and transfer to a rack to cool completely. Youll need to work quickly or the cookies will harden if they do, return to the oven briefly to soften.nRepeat with the remaining batter, letting the baking sheet cool completely between batches.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 drops red food coloring], title: Striped Tuile Rolls, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 54307: {instructions: In a blender or food processor puree until smooth, the olive oil, lemon zest and juice, parsley, oregano, mustard, and cinnamon. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nMake a wreath of spinach leaves on the outside edges of a large shallow pasta bowl or dinner plate. Combine the pasta with half of the dressing, the cucumbers and the scallions. Center the pasta salad in the middle of the spinach. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the spinach and garnish the spinach with black olives. Garnish the pasta with feta cheese and tomato., ingredients: [13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Pinch ground cinnamon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 to 8 ounces fresh curly spinach, stemmed, washed, leaves torn into 1inch pieces, 2 cups measured uncooked medium shells cooked, chilled and patted dry, 2 kirby cucumbers, washed, peeled, seeded and cut into half moons, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 6 kalamata olives, pitted and halved, 12 cup feta cheese, crumbled or cut into dice, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into fine dice], title: Greek Pasta Salad, picturelink: null}, 54308: {instructions: Preheat grill.nCombine equal parts of the 5 spices for the shrimp, to taste. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. Grill for 2 minutes, then sprinkle with some of the lemon juice. Flip the shrimp after 5 minutes and sprinkle other side with more lemon juice. Cook for 3 more minutes. Remove from heat, and sprinkle with the remaining lemon juice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 pound shrimp, unpeeled, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: 5 Spice Cajun Shrimp, picturelink: OSg.DIgAi7yiDTPAxGzGJjr4OGcvyO}, 54309: {instructions: Reduce stock by about 13 to intensify flavor watch saltiness if using canned stock add remaining ingredients and cook down until the consistency of light syrup.nCombine all in ingredients for the oyster cakes in large mixing bowl by hand. With lightly floured hands, shape potato cakes. Brown on grill or saute with small amount of oil in skillet.nTO ASSEMBLE THE DISH: Brush salmon lightly with olive or canola oil and grill to desired doneness. Serve with Rosehip Sauce spooned over salmon with Oyster Potato Cakes along side., ingredients: [1 quart vegetable stock 4 cups or 32 ounces, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 orange juiced, plus zest, 12 cups reconstituted seedless rosehips available at most health food stores, Pinch of salt, 10 canned smoked oysters, coarsely chopped, 2 cups coarsely mashed potatoes russets cooked with skin on, 1 egg, 12 cup scallions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, 4 5ounce salmon fillets], title: Grilled Salmon with Rosehip Sauce and Smoked Oyster Potato Cakes, picturelink: null}, 54310: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine berries, cinnamon, and lemon juice in a 9 by 13inch baking pan.nCombine flour, 34 cup sugar, and baking powder in medium mixing bowl and stir. Add milk and butter while stirring. Pour mixture over berries until covered.nCombine cornstarch and 12 cup sugar in small mixing bowl and stir. Sprinkle mixture over batter.nRemove boiling water from heat and slowly pour over entire pan. Place baking pan into oven and bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until crust is golden brown. Remove from oven, allow to cool slightly, and serve warm., ingredients: [3 12 cups mixed berries fresh or frozen, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup milk, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 cup boiling water], title: Triple Berry Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 54311: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the olive oil over moderatelylow heat. Add the onion, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the broth, tarragon, salt and a few turns of freshly ground black pepper and bring to a boil. Add the peas and cook just until defrosted.nIn a blender, puree the soup in 2 batches until very smooth. If serving hot, return the soup to the pot and bring just to a simmer. If serving cold, transfer to the refrigerator to chill. Ladle into bowls. Stir the yogurt so that it is smooth and top each serving with a swirl of yogurt., ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 large onion, sliced about 1 12 cups, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 34 teaspoon dried tarragon, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 10oz bag frozen peas, 4 teaspoons plain nonfat yogurt, optional], title: Green Pea Soup, picturelink: UgYBzcIKThBzxWxfg1mQWSjxZuvLES}, 54312: {instructions: Combine coconut milk, water, honey, and lemon juice and set aside.nCombine the onion, garlic, ginger, butter and cardamom in a pot and place on low heat.n Sweat the mix over low heat until everything is soft and translucent.n Add the grated carrots and turn heat to high.n Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring, and then add liquids.n Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook until carrots are soft about 30 minutes.n Puree in a food processor or blender until smooth and add salt, to taste.nAleppo Marshmallow:n Place a pot of water on high heat until it comes to a simmer.n Place the egg whites, sugar, chili flakes and in the bowl of an electric mixer. Place this bowl over the simmering water, stirring to melt the sugar into the egg white.n Separately, squeeze the excess water out of the gelatin sheets and place in a small mixing bowl. Place this bowl over the warm water until the gelatin melts becomes liquid and set aside.n Place the bowl with the egg whites, sugar, and chili into the electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment.nWhisk the mixture until stiff peaks form.n Slow the speed down to medium and pour in melted gelatin. Whisk until incorporated.n Pour mixture onto a 12 sheet pan that has been lightly oiled and well dusted in cornstarch.n Sift more cornstarch over the top.n Refrigerate until firm.nCut the marshmallow into the desired size and shape.nTo Serve:nHeat the soup over medium heat and serve 150 to 175ml 5 to 6 ounce portions in tea cups.nPlace a marshmallow in the center of the soup. Using a blowtorch or the broil setting on your oven, toast the marshmallow.nDrizzle the soup with pumpkin seed oil, sprinkle with toasted pumpkin seeds, and garnish with picked florets of cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 cans 480ml cans coconut milk, 3 cups hot water, 1 14 teaspoons honey, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 of a fistsized white onion, peeled and sliced, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 thumb ginger, peeled and finely chopped microplane is best for this, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 4 green cardamom pods, 1 23 pounds carrots, peeled and grated, Salt, 3 egg whites, 12 pound sugar, 1 12 teaspoons AleppoSyrian dried chili flakes, 4 sheets gelatin, soaked in cold water, Cornstarch, Pumpkin seed oil, Toasted pumpkin seeds, Picked cilantro florets], title: Carrot Cardamom Soup with Aleppo Marshmallow and Pumpkin Seed Oil, picturelink: null}, 54313: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the juices evaporate and the chicken is golden, about 10 minutes. Add the shallots and garlic and saute until tender, about 2 minutes. Add the wine and stir to scrape up any brown bits on the bottom of the skillet. Add the rosemary and mix well. Add the Marinara Sauce and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer gently until the flavors blend, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook until al dente, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of cooking liquid. Add the linguine to the ragu and toss to coat, adding some reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Transfer the pasta to a large serving bowl. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve.nIn a large casserole pot, heat the oil over a mediumhigh flame. Add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the celery, carrots, and 12 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Saute until all the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bay leaves, and simmer uncovered over low heat until the sauce thickens, about 1 hour. Remove and discard the bay leaf. Season the sauce with more salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 boneless skinless chicken thighs, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 23 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 4 cups Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound linguine, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 small onions, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon sea salt, plus more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more to taste, Two 32ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 dried bay leaves], title: Linguine with Chicken Ragu, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 54314: {instructions: For the pesto: Toast the pine nuts in a pan or in the oven, then let cool. Combine the parsley, basil, EVOO, cheese, pine nuts, garlic and chile pepper in a food processor and pulse until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nChar the bell pepper under a broiler or over a gas flame, turning occasionally. Place the pepper in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool. Peel off the charred skin, remove the seeds and slice.nPlace the sausages in a pan with 12inch of water and drizzle a little EVOO over the top. Bring to a boil over high heat, then cover with a lid and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Cook until the water has evaporated, then continue to cook until the casings crisp up in the oil.nMeanwhile, in a second skillet over high heat, bring 2 inches of water to a boil. Salt the water and add the haricots verts. Boil for 2 to 3 minutes, then drain. Return the skillet to the heat and add a drizzle of EVOO over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until browned and crisp. Add the onions and cook until tendercrisp, 3 to 4 minutes more. Add the haricots verts and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat a griddle over mediumhigh heat. Spread the bread with a thin layer of butter on one side. Toast each piece, butteredside down, then flip and toast the other side. Remove the bread and slather the grilled buttered tops with some of the pesto.nRub the griddle with a bit of butter and cook the eggs over easy.nArrange a few slices of roasted pepper on each piece of pesto toast and top with an egg. Serve with the sausages and haricots verts., ingredients: [1 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup loosely packed fresh basil leaves, 14 cup EVOO, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 Fresno or Italian cherry chile pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large red bell pepper, 2 pounds hot Italian sausages, EVOO, for drizzling, Kosher salt, 12 ounces haricots verts, 4 ounces bacon or pancetta, chopped, 1 red onion, quartered and thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 4 thick slabs Italian peasant bread or semolina bread, Softened butter, 4 large organic eggs], title: BLD, picturelink: null}, 54315: {instructions: Lightly saute shallots, ginger, garlic in the sesame oil until shallots are translucent. Add sugar, chicken stock and soy sauce to the mixture. Reduce liquid by half over medium heat and then add the black beans. Simmer for 10 minutes. Place aromatics in the bottom of the steam basket, and then place the fish and the broccoli on top of the steam basket. Place the steam basket over the simmering pot of water until the fish is cooked. Drizzle sauce over the fish to finish the dish., ingredients: [13 cup shallots, brunoise, 13 cup ginger, brunoise, 13 cup garlic, brunoise, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 13 cup sugar, 2 cups chicken stock, 34 cup soy sauce, 12 cup fermented black beans, soaked and chopped, 10 star anise, 1 orange, zested, 13 cup coriander seeds, 6 ounces Chilean sea bass fillet, 3 bunches Chinese broccoli], title: Steamed Chilean Seabass with Chinese Broccoli, Asian Aromatics and Black Bean Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54316: {instructions: Shake all ingredients in a cocktail shaker to thoroughly incorporate the egg whites. Strain the mixture into 2 cocktail glasses. When you pour the drink into glasses, a white foam should form on the top., ingredients: [2 jiggers pisco, 1 teaspoon superfine sugar, 1 teaspoon powdered egg whites, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Crushed ice], title: Pisco Sour, picturelink: null}, 54317: {instructions: Add all ingredients in a blender and whir until frothy. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup canned peaches, drained, reserving juice, 1 cup vanilla yogurt, nonfat, 12 cup juice reserved from canned peaches, 34 cup peach vodka recommended: Absolut, Ice], title: Peach Lassi Cocktail, picturelink: Fy.hRwkdM4yTCka9.hcrG3V0ysmNzW}, 54318: {instructions: In a blender, blend all ingredients until smooth.nFor a thicker or thinner consistency, adjust soda water., ingredients: [8 large scoops orange sherbet, 2 large scoops vanilla ice cream, 4 tablespoons sugar, 8 ounces soda water], title: Doumars Orange Freeze, picturelink: null}, 54319: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in bowl of a large mixer. Mix with a dough hook for 5 to 7 minutes, scraping the bowl occasionally, until dough forms a sticky ball on the end of the hook. Transfer dough to a greased bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place until doubled, approximately 1 hour. Punch down and divide into 6 equal pieces. Place 1 piece of dough on a floured board and coat with flour. With a floured rolling pin, roll out dough into a rough rectangle, approximately 10 inches to 12 inches across and 18inch thick using plenty of flour on both sides of dough at all times. Repeat with remaining dough. Place on parchmentlined cookie sheets. Cover and refrigerate while you prepare the topping. Dough can be prepared 1 day in advance, wrapped and refrigerated, until ready to roll.nFor the topping: In large bowl whisk together first 8 ingredients.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F. and place racks close to bottom of oven. Spread 12 cup topping on each piece of rolled dough. Sprinkle with onions and then bacon. Bake until brown and crisp, approximately 10 minutes, rotating sheets midway through to brown evenly. Repeat with remaining dough and topping. Cut into squares and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 12 cups flour, 1 cup cold water, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon instant dry yeast, 1 cup Fromage Blanc, 13 cup sour cream, 13 cup heavy cream, Pinch nutmeg, Pinch white pepper, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 egg yolk, 1 12 cups thinly sliced caramelized onions, 12 slices hickory smoked bacon], title: Flammekueche, picturelink: null}, 54320: {instructions: For the brine: Blend 8 cups water, the fruit juices, fennel and salt in a large saucepan over medium heat. Simmer for 20 minutes. After heating, remove the brine from the heat, allow to cool. Add the chops and allow to brine for 3 hours and up to 24 hours under refrigeration. The longer the chops are brined the more salt and fruit flavor will be absorbed.nFor the pork: In large saute pan over high heat, add the oil, allow to warm until on the verge of smoking and then add 3 chops to the pan. Reduce the heat and cook for 6 to 7 minutes per side, this should yield a golden brown chop. Repeat the process with the remaining 3 chops. Hold warm until servingnFor the hash: Return the same pan to mediumhigh heat and add the oil and the potatoes. Stir the potatoes until softened and browned on the edges, this will take 6 to 8 minutes. Once the potatoes are cooked, add the onions, season with the salt and pepper and continue to cook until the onions have softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Finally, reduce the heat to medium, add the apples and finish cooking for a final 4 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the heat and serve with hot sauce if desired., ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon, Juice of 1 lime, Juice of 1 orange, 14 cup fresh fennel sprigs, 2 tablespoons kosher or sea salt, Six 8 to 10ounce bonein pork chops, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 cups thinsliced Yukon potatoes, 1 cup thinsliced red onion, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 2 cups thinsliced apple, such as Granny Smith or Gala, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco], title: Brined Pork Chops with Apple Hash, picturelink: XYEKiOyhn.OwJxNFMnkcHHlpvHqsw2}, 54321: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse the flour and salt until combined. Add the shortening and pulse until the mixture resembles cornmeal mixed with peasized bits, about 10 times. While the motor is running, drizzle in the water until a dough forms.nForm the dough into a disk, wrap it in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Divide the dough in half press half the dough up and around the inside of the pan. Set the remaining dough aside covered with plastic wrap.nLine the pan with foil and fill with dried beans. Bake the dough for 20 minutes and remove the beans and foil. Continue baking the crust until golden brown, about 10 minutes more. Let the pan cool on a rack.nMeanwhile, make the spinach filling: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes. Add the spinach, little by little adding more as the previous batch wilts, and cook, stirring, until completely wilted. Season with the salt and pepper and stir in the parsley, dill, and scallions.nDrain the spinach mixture in a colander in the sink and let cool.nOnce the spinach is cool, stir in the feta and spread the mixture into the crust. Roll the remaining dough out on a wellfloured surface, into a rectangle large enough to cover the baking pan. Top the spinach with the dough and pinch around the sides to seal. Score the top of the pie in the center, brush the surface of the dough with egg wash, and bake until golden brown, about 40 minutes.nRemove the pie from the oven, let cool, cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 23 cup shortening, plus more for the baking pan, 13 cup ice water, Dried beans, for pie weights, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for greasing the baking pan, 6 cups chopped onion about 3 medium onions, 34 cup uncooked longgrain white rice, 4 12 pounds fresh spinach about 3 bunches, stemmed, 2 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 34 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh dill, 3 scallions white and green, chopped, 1 12 cups crumbled feta, 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water, for egg wash], title: Spanakopita Greek Spinach Pie, picturelink: C55e.7t7GqwRdAjpzOFnY6Fk6xi7FB2}, 54322: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the peaches with the brown sugar in a medium bowl set aside. Combine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk the eggs and milk in a separate bowl, then gradually whisk into the flour mixture until just combined. Whisk in 4 tablespoons melted butter, then fold in the cottage cheese with a rubber spatula.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a 10inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over medium heat until bubbling. Add the batter and cook until it starts setting around the edge, about 2 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until set and golden, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the peaches and any juices from the bowl. Cover and cook until soft and syrupy, 5 to 10 minutes, adding up to 14 cup water if necessary. Uncover and stir in the Canadian bacon. Cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nRemove the pancake from the oven and transfer to a cutting board slice into wedges. Serve topped with the peachbacon mixture and more cottage cheese., ingredients: [3 peaches, cut into wedges, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder Kosher salt, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup largecurd cottage cheese, plus more for topping, 6 ounces Canadian bacon, diced], title: Skillet Pancakes with Canadian Bacon and Peaches, picturelink: 8DdFoAPtXUoqdXUOHyLlLWs8zv8JddW}, 54323: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a food processor, pulse together chicken, eggs, garlic, 2 tablespoons ginger, scallions, salt, flour, cornstarch and panko until well combined. Form chicken mixture into 1 12inch balls. To prevent mixture from sticking to your fingers, wet hands with water between rolling balls. Place balls on a plate, without touching.nMeanwhile, roughly chop the 2inch piece of ginger and in a medium pot over high heat, bring water to boil and add ginger. Place 8 to 10 balls at a time into the water. Cook for about 6 minutes. Balls will float to top and change color, but inspect for pink on outside. Remove from water using a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Repeat until all balls are cooked. When cool enough to handle, thread 3 balls per bamboo skewer and set aside.nTo make the yakitori sauce, whisk together sake, soy sauce, mirin, honey and cornstarch in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, reduce heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 2 minutes.nPreheat gas grill to medium heat. Place skewers on lightly oiled grill. Wipe oil on with a paper towel. Cook 7 to 10 minutes, turning gently as they brown lightly. When chicken is done, lightly baste balls with the yakitori sauce. Place skewers on serving plate, drizzle with additional yakitori sauce. Sprinkle with cilantro, green onion, sesame seeds and cayenne pepper. Serve immediately with Sweet Chili Dipping Sauce.nIn a small bowl, whisk together ingredients.nYield: 34 cupnPrep time: 5 minutes, ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped garlic, 2inch piece fresh ginger plus 2 tablespoons roughly chopped, 2 scallions, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons flour, 3 teaspoons cornstarch, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 quarts water, 12 cup sake wine, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Chopped green onion, for garnish, Sesame seeds, for garnish, Cayenne pepper, for garnish, Sweet Chili Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, Special Equipment: 20 6inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water, 34 cup sweet chili sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon minced green onion, 12 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Yakitori Chicken, picturelink: PrW4XQuWy7MsH5MpranQBm7q7OaPLO}, 54324: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease large cookie sheet. Unroll both cans of dough into 2 long rectangles. Place dough rectangles with long sides together on greased cookie sheet, forming 15x10inch rectangle. Press edges and perforations to seal. Place spinach lengthwise in 4inchwide strip down center of dough to within 12 inch of each end. Top with half of the cheese, the roasted peppers and prosciutto. Spread pesto over prosciutto. Top with remaining cheese. Bring long sides of dough up over filling, overlapping 1 inch press edges and ends to seal. In small bowl, combine egg yolk and water beat well. Brush over top of dough. Bake at 350 for 25 to 35 minutes or until golden brown. Cut into crosswise slices., ingredients: [2 8oz. cans Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Crescent Dinner Rolls, 1 9oz. pkg. Green Giant Frozen Spinach, thawed, squeezed to drain, 8 oz. thinly sliced provolone cheese, 2 large red bell peppers, roasted, quartered, or 1 12oz. jar roasted red bell peppers, drained, quartered, 4 oz. thinly sliced prosciutto, 2 tablespoons purchased pesto, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon water], title: Spinach, Prosciutto and Roasted Pepper Calzone, picturelink: null}, 54325: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nStack the slices of American cheese and cut it into 16 small squares. Separate the pieces, and transfer them to a small bowl. Add the salt, chili powder, and garlic powder toss to combine. Arrange the 32 cheese pieces in 4 rows of 8, on a parchment paperlined baking sheet, leaving as much space in between each as possible.nStack the ColbyJack slices and cut them into about 24 small pieces. Arrange them on another parchment paperlined baking sheet in 4 rows of 6u00bfwithout any seasonings.nBake both until wellbrowned and crispy, about 7 and 7 12 minutes. If undercooked, theyll be soggy, so dont be afraid to check them and put them back in for more time, if needed.nCool the crisps and crackers completely before servingu00bfas they cool, theyll crisp up. Store on the counter in an airtight container for a few days., ingredients: [2 slices American cheese not cheese food, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon chili powder, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 ounces delisliced ColbyJack cheese, Lowcarb salsa, as needed], title: Cheese Crisps and Mock Goldfish Crackers, picturelink: null}, 54326: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add wine and cook 1 minute. Add clams, broth and clam juice and bring to a simmer. When clams have opened, remove them from pan, reserving liquid in pan, and transfer to a serving platter. Add parsley and butter to pan and simmer 1 minute. Place clams in serving bowls and pour over parsley broth.nHeat remaining oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add capers and cook 2 minutes.nPlace diced tomatoes on baguette slices and top with fried capers. Serve bruschetta and peas alongside clams., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup dry white wine or vermouth, 2 pounds littleneck clams, scrubbed, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken or vegetable broth, 12 cup bottled clam juice, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon butter, 13 cup drained capers, 1 baguette, sliced crosswise into 14inch thick slices and toasted until golden, 3 roasted Roma plum tomatoes, diced, 2 cups frozen green peas, steamed until just tender], title: Braised Clams in Parsley Broth, Peas and Bruschetta with Tomatoes and Fried Capers, picturelink: b7Bpq0ZJ9StY9Variq80BpGaT2JWnG}, 54327: {instructions: For the dough: In a small bowl, combine the yeast with the sugar and 34 cup warm water. Let sit for 10 minutes until it begins to foam.nIn a large bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour and salt and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture and the olive oil. Using a fork, incorporate the wet ingredients with the dry ingredients until a dough forms. On a lightly floured surface, continue to work and then knead the dough until it is smooth and elastic, about 8 minutes.nLightly coat a clean bowl with additional olive oil and add the dough, turning once to coat the dough in oil. Cover and set in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPunch down the dough and divide it into 2 pieces, using 1 piece for the pizza. Wrap the remaining dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate or freeze for another pizza.nFor the pizza: Stretch the dough into a 12inch circle that will fit on the grill pan. Add the dough to the hot grill pan and cook until stiff and bubbles start to form, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook on the other side until grill marks form and the dough is completely cooked through, 1 to 2 more minutes.nTransfer the crust to a baking sheet. Lay the prosciutto slices over the crust, then top with the figs and blue cheese. Bake until the cheese melts, about 7 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [One .25ounce packet active dry yeast, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the work surface, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating the bowl, 4 slices prosciutto, 8 fresh figs, cut in half, 3 to 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled], title: Fig, Prosciutto and Blue Cheese Pizza, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 54328: {instructions: Start a charcoal or wood fire or heat a gas grill or broiler. The fire should not be too hot, but the rack should be fairly close to the heat source, 4 inches or less. If necessary, you can pound the chicken slices lightly between 2 pieces of waxed paper so that they are of uniform thickness.nRub the chicken with 1 tablespoon olive oil. While the grill is heating, heat remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a medium to large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until it colors lightly. Add capers and cook for 15 seconds. Add tomatoes and cook over mediumhigh heat until thick, about 10 minutes. Taste and add salt and pepper to taste, then cook 1 minute more. Set aside, keeping warm.nGrill or broil the chicken very quickly it should take no more than 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve the chicken with the tomato sauce, garnished with minced fresh basil or parsley leaves., ingredients: [4 boneless, skinless chicken cutlets 2 whole breasts, 1 to 1 12 pounds, rinsed and patted dry, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 cups cored and chopped fresh or drained canned tomatoes, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled or Broiled Chicken Cutlets with Capers and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 54329: {instructions: Cover dried scallops with water and soak overnight or at least 2 hours. Drain and shred into small strings. Reserve soaking liquid. Peel and remove seeds of winter melon. Rinse with water and cut into 12inch chunks. In a 3quart saucepan, bring the 4 cups chicken stock to boil. Add the winter melon, dried scallop and the soaking liquid, black mushrooms, and sliced ginger. Cover and bring to boil over high heat. Lower heat and let simmer for 5 minutes, or until winter melon is softened. Turn heat back to high, add salt and stir in cornstarch mixture. Add shrimp meat and egg whites. Adjust seasoning. Remove from heat. Serve hot with sprinkles of ground white pepper and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [4 dried scallops, 2 pounds winter melon, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, 4 dried black mushrooms, softened in water and coarsely chopped, reserve soaking liquid, 2 slices fresh ginger, peeled, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with a 14 cup mushroom soaking liquid, 14 pound shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, Freshly ground white pepper, optional, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Winter Melon Soup with Dried Scallops, picturelink: null}, 54330: {instructions: For the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and a pinch of salt. Make a hole in the center of the flour mixture and add the pumpkin, ricotta, milk, vanilla and egg yolks and mix gently to combine.nIn a medium bowl, combine the egg whites with a pinch of salt. Using a mixer or whisk, beat the egg whites until they hold stiff peaks and look very fluffy, like snowdrifts.nUsing a rubber spatula, scoop a third of the egg whites into the pumpkin batter and fold to gently combine. Repeat this process two more times until all the whites have been added. Do this gently but quickly u00bf the idea is to not squish the air out of the egg whites. This is the secret to keeping the pancakes fluffynPlace a griddle over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, drop a pat or two of butter onto the griddle. Once melted, schmear the butter around and wipe up any excess with a paper towel.nUsing a 2ounce ladle, spoon ladlefuls of batter onto the buttered griddle to create 3inch pancakes. Let the pancakes cook until bubbles appear on the surface, burst, and then stay open u00bf this will take about 5 minutes. Flip the pancakes and cook the second side until golden brown. Rebutter the griddle and repeat until all the batter is gone or everyone is full. Hold the finished pancakes in the warm oven.nFor the compote: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the apples, cider, cinnamon stick, star anise and brown sugar. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer BTB, RTS, then continue cooking until the liquid has reduced by half, 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd the maple syrup and raisins. Simmer for another 3 to 4 minutes or until slightly thickened. Remove from the heat and serve spooned over the pancakes, dusted with powdered sugar if desired. Try not to eat too many., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 heaping teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Kosher salt, 1 cup pumpkin puree, 1 cup ricotta, 34 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large eggs, separated, Unsalted butter, as needed, Powdered sugar, optional, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, and tossed with the juice of 1 lemon, 34 cup apple cider, 1 whole cinnamon stick, 2 star anise, 14 cup packed dark or light brown sugar, 1 cup maple syrup, 1 cup golden raisins], title: PumpkinRicotta Pancakes with Chunky AppleRaisin Sauce, picturelink: BDM3UA1WdLaSkQF81N.iV3x3TD4fxD.}, 54331: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPulse the cereal squares in a food processor until very fine. Add the flour, Pecorino Romano and Parmesan and pulse a few more times to combine. Add the butter and pulse until combined. Turn on the food processor and add the olive oil and 14 cup of heavy cream, then add a tablespoon of heavy cream at a time until the mixture comes together into a dough.nDump the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and roll it out with a rolling pin about 18 inch thick. Transfer to the prepared baking sheet and cut into squares with a pizza roller. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup rice cereal squares, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 ounces Pecorino Romano cheese, 3 ounces Parmesan, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup heavy cream, or as needed], title: Cheesy Cereal Crackers, picturelink: O5Dmnwlbe5EB8I7vGXHQxsGiIaG426}, 54332: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the onion jam: Heat grill to high. Heat a cast iron skillet until hot, but not smoking. Add the drippings, heat, and then the onions, garlic, jalapeno, wine, vinegar, cassis, grenadine and salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid mixture is thickened and jamlike, about 20 minutes. Taste and season with honey, salt and pepper. Stir in the parsley, transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nFor the vinaigrette: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water and season with 1 tablespoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil and cook until tender when pierced with a knife. Drain, let cool for a few minutes and quarternWhile the potatoes are cooking, whisk together the drippings, vinegar, mustard, honey, garlic, salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the olive oil, and then stir in the chopped basil and parsley.nAdd the warm potatoes and the bacon to the vinaigrette and gently fold to combine. Serve with the steak.nFor the steak: Heat the grill to high. Mix together the salt, pepper and thyme in a small bowl. Brush the steaks with oil on both sides and season with the salt mixture. Grill steaks until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness.nJust before the steaks are done, use a fork to mash the cheese with some of the cream, so that it is chunky but a bit creamy. Mound some on each steak, and let melt very briefly, so the steaks dont overcook. Remove to a platter and let rest 5 minutes before serving. Top with parsley sprigs and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons bacon drippings, 3 Vidalia onions, peeled, halved, sliced 14inch thick, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno chile, finely diced, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons creme de cassis, 2 tablespoons grenadine, Honey, to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 12 pounds red new potatoes, 12 pound slab bacon, cut into lardons and cooked until golden brown and crisp, 2 tablespoons drippings reserved, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 cloves chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 to 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, Canola oil, 4 NY Strip steaks 12ounces each removed from the refrigerator 20 minutes before grilling, 34 pound wedge blue cheese recommended: Cabrales, room temperature, 2 to 3 tablespoons heavy cream, Handful parsley sprigs], title: New York Strip with Blue Cheese, Vidalia Onion Jam and Warm Potato Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: z47DL0JLRXGEcmkeCdVDxiGYIHvtkS}, 54333: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together all ingredients, serve with pot stickers., ingredients: [3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Asian toasted sesame oil, 2 tablespoons black or white sesame seeds, toasted lightly], title: Sesame Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54334: {}, 54335: {instructions: Boil 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey and a sprig of mint in a small saucepan until syrupy, about 7 minutes. Cool the syrup slightly, then drizzle over sliced strawberries andor blackberries and ricotta.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Ricotta With Balsamic Berries, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 54336: {instructions: Line a layer of VIVAu00ae towels inside a fine mesh strainer and place the strainer in a bowl. Pour the yogurt into the strainer, cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator overnight to drain. The yogurt should reduce in volume by half and will have a very thick consistency.nPlace the yogurt, cucumber, mint, garlic, hot sauce, lemon juice and zest in a food processor and blend until smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl. Refrigerate at least one hour before serving on a crudites platter.nWhen serving the Tzatziki Sauce on a platter with crudites: Fold and dampen a VIVAu00ae towel and place it underneath the bowl you are serving the Tzatziki Sauce on the platter. This will prevent the bowl from sliding around., ingredients: [4 cups lowfat yogurt, 12 cucumber, seeded and chopped, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 garlic clove, 2 12 teaspoons hot sauce, Juice and zest of 12 a lemon, salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crudites platter], title: Tzatziki with Crudites, picturelink: 8t3pM5dWk1Ae6HpazuS6lDVIX7jKam}, 54337: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: In a large heavy skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the pancetta and cook, stirring constantly, until golden brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and reserve. Add the onion and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, and the cooked pancetta. Simmer, uncovered, over mediumlow heat until the sauce thickens, about 15 minutes. Stir in the cheese and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the meatballs: Position an oven rack in the lower 13 of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, combine the onion, 12 cup parsley, 23 cup Parmesan, bread crumbs, egg, ketchup, garlic, red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the beef and veal. Using your hands, combine all ingredients gently but thoroughly. Shape the meat mixture into 16 1 12inchdiameter meatballs and place on the prepared baking sheet. Make a hole in the center of each meatball and place a cube of mozzarella inside. Reform the meatball so that the mozzarella is completely covered with the meat mixture. Bake the meatballs for 15 minutes until cooked through.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and place in a large serving bowl. Add the meatballs and sauce. Toss gently and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle with the remaining parsley and Parmesan., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 6 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup grated Pecorino Romano, 1 small 6ounce onion, grated, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus 14 cup, 23 cup grated Parmesan cheese, plus 14 cup, 13 cup Italianstyle bread crumbs, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces ground veal, 2 ounces smoked mozzarella cheese, cut into 16 12inch cubes, 1 pound bucatini or other long pasta], title: Bucatini AllAmatriciana with Spicy Smoked Mozzarella Meatballs, picturelink: HeqZQDKTRtddUTyX7mbuyj8kUSlSBO}, 54338: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or broiler.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix the buffalo meat, chiles, cayenne, cumin, and salt until well blended. Refrigerate until ready to use.nForm the meat mixture into 4 large patties. Place the patties on the grill and cook until desired temperature. Season the burgers with salt and pepper to taste and place on hamburger buns. Top with roasted red peppers and Famies Simple and Spicy BBQ Sauce.nIn a small bowl, blend the two ingredients together. Store in refrigerator.nYield: 12 ounces sauce, ingredients: [2 pounds ground buffalo meat, 1 8 ounce can green chiles, drained and diced, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more, for seasoning, Freshly ground pepper, 4 hamburger buns, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded, and julienned, Famies Simple and Spicy BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 4 ounce can chipotles in adobo sauce, pureed, 8 ounces your favorite smoky BBQ sauce], title: Buffalo Burgers, picturelink: null}, 54339: {instructions: Place mayonnaise in bowl on top of crushed ice. Add tomato sauce and 9 ounces lobster meat. In separate bowl, combine onion, anchovy, capers, gherkins, 1 tablespoon parsley, and egg white and yolk. Add this to lobster mayonnaise. Add Worcestershire sauce, several shakes hot sauce, orange juice, lemon juice, salt and pepper, mustard, horseradish, 1 teaspoon paprika, cayenne, sherry, cognac and Cointreau. Combine all ingredients carefully.nSeason lettuce with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Divide among 10 champagne glasses. Place remaining lobster on top of lettuce then cover with lobster mayonnaise. Garnish with 2 shrimp, parsley, paprika and a lemon wedge. Serve cold., ingredients: [2 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons tomato sauce, 1 12 pounds lobster tail meat, roughly chopped, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons capers, finely chopped, 2 sweet gherkins, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon parsley, finely chopped, plus more to garnish, 1 hard boiled egg, white finely chopped, yolk shaved with side of knife, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Hot sauce, to taste, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons mustard, 2 teaspoons horseradish, 1 teaspoon paprika plus more to garnish, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 tablespoon cognac, 1 tablespoon Cointreau, Lettuce, finely sliced, 20 shrimp, cooked and peeled, Lemon wedges, to garnish], title: Austrian Lobster Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 54340: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.nUnder running water, trim the outer layer of fat from the lamb and blot dry. Allow the lamb to reach room temperature and squeeze the juice from the lemons over the lamb. Slice cloves of garlic, lengthwise.nPut salt and pepper into a small container. Cut 6 small slots into each side of the leg of lamb, about 1inch deep. Insert garlic slivers, followed by salt and pepper, into the lamb. Lightly sprinkle top of lamb with oregano. Pour the water into a roasting pan, add lamb, and cover with foil. Roast on lowest rack of oven for 40 minutes to 1 hour.nRemove foil, lower heat to 375 degrees and roast for 40 to 50 minutes, or until lamb reaches desired temperature. Remove and let lamb stand about 30 minutes as the lamb continues to cook. To test the temperature of the meat, insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the leg without touching the bone. For rare lamb, the thermometer should register 140 degrees. For medium, the thermometer should register 145 degrees., ingredients: [One 8 to 10pound leg of lamb, bonein, trimmed, 2 lemons, cut in half, Salt and pepper, 4 cloves garlic, sliced lengthwise, Dash oregano, 8 ounces water], title: Roast Leg of Lamb, Greek Style, picturelink: null}, 54341: {instructions: HotBrewed:nBring 8 cups water to a simmer remove from the heat and add 3 tablespoons loose tea or 6 tea bags. Let steep about 4 minutes, until its the strength you like. Strain loose tea with a finemesh sieve or remove the tea bags. Let cool, then transfer to a pitcher, cover and refrigerate.nColdBrewed:nCombine 8 cups cold water and 6 tablespoons loose tea or 10 tea bags in a pitcher. Cover and refrigerate 15 to 36 hours, until its the strength you like. Strain loose tea with a finemesh sieve or remove the tea bags.nSweet Teas:nCombine 34 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan and add 1 infuser, if desired. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves, then remove from the heat and let cool. Strain the infused syrup through a finemesh sieve youll get about 1 cup.nOrange Add 6 strips zestnBlackberries 1 cupnCinnamon 2 sticksnLavender 3 tablespoons driednVanilla 1 halved beannMint 3 sprigsnGinger 1 cup slicednLemon 8 strips zestnNectarine 1 cup choppednCucumber 2 cups choppednPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Perfect Iced Tea, picturelink: 3J6Pl9WNzIVu9tc3.L75rFi8vY1WxJu}, 54342: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake a dry rub by mixing the salt, pepper, garlic and cayenne in a small bowl.nTrim the brisket fat and season liberally with the dry rub. Put into a preheated 250 degree smoker and smoke it for 8 to 10 hours. Shift the position of the brisket every 2 hours. Remove when the brisket is tender which is determined by poking it with a toothpick. Transfer to a cutting board and slice. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 whole beef brisket, about 10 pounds], title: Smoked Beef Brisket, picturelink: 0bGYleM092utYM9DyriL3h5gwCw3oQu}, 54343: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdjust the oven racks so the covered roasting pan fit easily inside. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nRub the butter on the outside and in the cavity of the turkey. Sprinkle the salt and pepper on the inside and the outside of the turkey. Put the celery, onion and carrot in the cavity. Place the turkey, breastside up, in a large roasting pan. Pour the boiling water into the pan. Cover with a tightfitting lid and put the pan in the oven.nStart a timer when the oven temperature returns to 500 degrees F. Bake for exactly 1 hour and turn off the oven. Do not open the oven door Leave the turkey in the oven until the oven completely cools this may take 4 to 6 hours. Reserve the pan juices and refrigerate the turkey if it will not be served soon after roasting., ingredients: [12 stick salted butter, softened, One 12pound turkey, completely thawed and all giblets removed, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 teaspoons pepper, 2 stalks celery, cut in lengths to fit turkey cavity, 1 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, cut in half, 1 large carrot, cut in lengths to fit the turkey cavity, 2 cups boiling water], title: NoBaste, NoBother Roasted Turkey, picturelink: LqB3wZf7NZMYb8JE2JPxAtVrb2yogW}, 54344: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F and adjust a rack to the lower third of oven.nRemove the brisket from the refrigerator and let rest for 1 hour to come up to room temperature.nPat the brisket dry and sprinkle it generously on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a Dutch over or braising pot set over mediumhigh heat. Sear the brisket in the oil until well browned, about 4 minutes. Carefully flip and sear on the reverse side for another 4 minutes. Remove the brisket to a plate.nTo the pot, add the garlic, onions, carrots, celery, thyme, rosemary and bay leaf. Saute until golden, about 8 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook for 2 minutes. Add the vinegar, chicken stock and beer, and bring to a simmer, scrapping up any bits that are stuck to the bottom of the pan.nNestle the brisket into the pot, making space between the vegetables, and cover with a tightfitting lid. Place in the oven and cook for 3 12 hours, or until fork tender. Let rest for 15 minutes before slicing thinly against the grain.nServe on a platter along with the vegetables and any extra braising liquid as a sauce., ingredients: [One 3pound brisket, first cut, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 large yellow onion, roughly chopped, 3 medium carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 ribs celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 cups chicken stock, Two 12ounce bottles brown ale], title: BeerBraised Beef, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 54345: {instructions: Remove casings from sausages and break meat up into chunks. Set aside.nHeat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook for 3 minutes or until just translucent. Stir in sausage meat and cook for about 5 minutes or until lightly browned, drain off excess fat.nAdd wine and stir to combine. Increase heat and bring to a boil. Boil for about 3 minutes or until liquid has reduced slightly.nAdd tomatoes and salt. Return to a boil, lower heat, and simmer, uncovered, until sauce has thickened slightly, about 20 minutes. Stir in basil, oregano and pepper. Taste and, if necessary, adjust seasoning with additional salt and pepper.nWhile sauce is simmering, cook the pappardelle in a large, deep pot of rapidly boiling salted water until al dente, according to manufacturers instructions. Drain.nReturn drained pappardelle to the pot and place over mediumhigh heat. Using a wooden spoon, stir in 12 cup of sausage sauce and toss together for 1 minute. Remove from heat and pour into a large serving platter or bowl. Spoon remaining sauce over the top. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons of cheese. Pass additional cheese, if desired., ingredients: [6 hot or sweet Italian sausages, 14 cup bestquality olive oil, 34 cup chopped onion, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 2 28ounce cans imported San Marzano Italian plum tomatoes, handcrushed, Coarse salt, 6 fresh basil leaves, torn, Pinch dried oregano, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound pappardelle noodles, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano, plus more to taste, if desired], title: Pappardelle with Hot Sausage Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54346: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nRub a 2 quart baking dish with cut clove of garlic and rub it with butter. In a mixing bowl combine the cooked onions with ham, cheese, eggs and cream.nA handful at a time, squeeze out the water from the potatoes and stir the potatoes into the eggs. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer mixture to prepared baking pan. Dot with butter and bake for 40 or 45 minutes or until top is nicely browned.nServe hot or warm with a green been salad., ingredients: [1 peeled garlic clove, 1 tablespoon softened butter, 12 cup finely sliced onions cooked in 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 ounces Black Forest ham cut into fine dice, 4 ounces grated Swiss cheese, 4 large eggs lightly beaten, 14 cup half and half or light cream, 34 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces], title: Potato and Ham Pudding, picturelink: null}, 54347: {instructions: Heat oil in a large nonstick skillet. Add onion and garlic and crumble in turkey. Stirfry over moderate heat until turkey is no longer pink about 6 minutes. Mix in chili powder, salt, cumin coriander, tomato paste and water. Bring to a simmer and keep hot.nDivide lettuce among four dinner plates. Top with hot turkey mixture and sprinkle with cheese. Divide tomato wedges, avocado slices, if using, and corn chips among the four or six plates. Serve at once., ingredients: [2 pounds lean ground turkey, 1 large onion, 1 tablespoon oil, 3 cloves chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon coriander, Salt, 1 can tomato paste, 1 cup water, 1 medium head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 13 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, 2 medium tomatoes, peeled cored and cut into wedges, 1 medium avocado, pitted, peeled, and sliced, 1 12 to 2 cups corn chips or tortilla chips], title: Turkey Tostados, picturelink: null}, 54348: {instructions: Make Chunky Red Mash add 12 pound crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup each minced dill, parsley and scallions, and 2 teaspoons minced oregano.nChunky Red Mashed Potatoes Cover 2 pounds whole red potatoes with cold salted water simmer 40 minutes. Drain do not peel. Smash with 12 to 1 stick butter, 34 cup hot milk, and salt and pepper.nSee all 50 easy mashed potato recipesnPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [], title: Greek Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: 9NJVI8i7DZI0lTQtrmfJYhYDh65uAO}, 54349: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMince the garlic with a knife and then sprinkle on the salt and mash it into a paste with a fork.nIn a bowl, combine the garlic paste, mayonnaise, sour cream, parsley, dill, chives, Worcestershire sauce, black pepper, vinegar, paprika, cayenne and hot sauce. Add the buttermilk to desired consistency and mix to combine, tasting frequently and adjusting seasonings as needed. Chill for a couple of hours before serving, thinning with more buttermilk if needed., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup real mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup Italian flatleaf parsley leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh dill, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon white vinegar, 14 teaspoon paprika, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Dash hot sauce, 14 to 12 cup buttermilk as needed for desired consistency], title: Homemade Ranch Dressing, picturelink: YJUVKWLMehNM.7m2tAMREpy8P0ms5VG}, 54350: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the greens, parsley, basil and other herbs. Put the vinegar in a small bowl and, whisking constantly, slowly drizzle in the olive oil in a thin stream. Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper.nDress the salad with the vinaigrette, tossing to coat the leaves. Sprinkle the nuts on top and serve.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [4 cups mache or mixed baby greens, 12 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 cup basil leaves, 14 cup strong fresh herbs, such as chives, chervil, tarragon or dill, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pine nuts or slivered almonds, toasted], title: Mache and Herb Power Salad, picturelink: 0Oe6PLmYDaBIplj34.9uL2R7ay6gd.}, 54351: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nArrange the eggplant slices in 1 layer onto a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and roast until they are soft and pliable, about 15 to 20 minutes, turning them half way through the cooking time. Reserve the 4 largest rounds and finely chop the remaining eggplant.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When hot, add the onions and season with salt. Cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Put the cooked onion and chopped eggplant in a large bowl. Add the feta, bread crumbs, kasseri, lemon zest, oregano, crushed red pepper, and garlic. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil and combine well. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed.nDivide the filling among the 4 reserved eggplant rounds. Roll the eggplant around the filling and arrange on a serving platter with the seam side down.nCombine the yogurt and mint together in a small bowl. Garnish each eggplant roll with a dollop of yogurt and serve at room temperature. OPAH, ingredients: [1 eggplant, cut into 14inch thick rounds, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 large red onion, cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt, 34 cup feta cheese, crumbled, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 12 cup grated kasseri, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh mint leaves], title: Stuffed Roasted Eggplant Rolls Greece, picturelink: null}, 54352: {instructions: To prepare the hens: Remove the dark meat from the legs and chop it very finely. Lay the main part of each bird flat, skinside down. There will be a rough rectangle of skin with the two breasts and their smaller fillets attached at the top. Remove one small fillet and lay it between the breasts to fill the indentation. Use the other to fill any other gaps. Lay a piece of plastic over top, and pound the whole flat. Remove the plastic. Push the meat around a little, if you need to, to achieve and even square of white meat, roughly centered on the skin. Season the hens with salt, and pepper. To make the stuffing: Heat 3 tablespoons of the butter, and saute the onion until soft. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute more. Remove the onion mixture to a bowl. Heat the remaining butter in the pan, and toast the bread crumbs. Add them to the onions. Stir in the figs, Cognac, and thyme. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nLay the prosciutto slices, slightly overlapping, on a piece of foil. Lay 1 bird on top, and season with salt, and pepper. Spread over the half the stuffing, and then roll into a log. Wrap in foil, twisting the ends to make a tight cylinder. Repeat with the other hen. Bake 30 minutes. Remove the foil, and return to the oven 10 minutes longer. Remove. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing to serve with Watercress Salad.nIn a medium bowl, toss the greens with the oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper, to taste. Arrange on a serving platter and scatter over the almonds and grapes. Serve., ingredients: [2 2pound guinea hens, boned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup 4 tablespoons butter, Handful slivered almonds, toasted, 1 small onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup dried baguette bread crumbs, 12 cup chopped dried figs, 3 tablespoons Cognac, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 6 thin slices prosciutto, or bacon, Watercress Salad, for serving, recipe follows, 4 generous handfuls watercress, stemmed, Extravirgin olive oil, Champagne vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Handful slivered almonds, toasted, 2 handfuls small green grapes], title: Stuffed Guinea Hen, picturelink: null}, 54353: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPour 3 tablespoons olive oil into a 12inch non stick, ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and fry for 5 minutes add the potato and onion and fry until the onions start to soften, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat and cover the skillet cook until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Remove the cover, raise the heat, and cook until the potatoes are brown and crispy, about another 5 minutes. Meanwhile break the eggs into a large bowl, add the milk, season with salt and pepper, and whisk until frothy. Pour the egg mixture into the pan, shaking the pan to distribute the eggs evenly. Put the pan into the oven and cook until puffy and set, about 12 to 15 minutes. Turn out onto a cutting board and let it cool to room temperature. Toss the baby greens with the remaining oil and lemon juice season with salt and pepper. Place the greens on top of the tortilla, cut it into thin wedges, and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 fresh chorizo sausages, cut into slices, 3 medium potatoes, peeled and cubed, 1 medium onion, chopped, 8 large eggs, 12 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup mixed baby greens, for garnish, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Potato and Chorizo Tortilla, picturelink: bAjnlFOhwcKW1bJSD3310LzwChHCmJO}, 54354: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter a loaf pan and set aside. In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, and beer and mix well. The mixture should be sticky. Pour into the loaf pan and bake for 55 minutes. At the last 3 minutes of baking, remove from oven, brush the top of the loaf with butter and return to oven., ingredients: [3 cups selfrising flour, 12 cup sugar, 12 ounces beer, 2 tablespoons melted butter], title: Beer Bread, picturelink: null}, 54355: {instructions: With a paring knife, make a slit in each date sufficient to remove the pit. Set the pitted dates aside.nIn a small bowl, mash the cream cheese, orange zest and cinnamon. Stuff each date with a bit of the cream cheese mixture and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [c24 dates, preferably Medjool, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Zest 1 orange, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Stuffed Sweet Dates, picturelink: j0O2Lxz0jK8DpLNtoFTLJY9FR4bu6K}, 54356: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the dough:nMix the flour, butter, sugar, and salt quickly with your fingertips until the butter is in pieces about the size of dried beans. Quickly stir the water into the mixture and then gather up the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and press it into a flat dish shape. Refrigerate dough for 1 hour.nLine a cookie sheet or jelly roll pan with parchment or a silicon pad. Roll the dough out onto a lightly floured surface into a rectangle about 15inches long by 10inches wide, with rough edges. Roll the dough up onto your rolling pin and then unroll it directly onto the lined pan.nRoast the hazelnuts on a cookie sheet for 7 or 8 minutes. Transfer the nuts to a food processor, add the 14 cup sugar, egg, 1 tablespoon butter, and vanilla, and process until a creamy paste forms. Spread the frangipane on the dough, stopping about 1 12inches from the outer edge on all sides.nPeel the apples, remove the cores, and cut them into 12inch thick slices. Arrange them attractively in a slightly overlapping pattern, like the tiles of a roof, on the pastry dough so that the apples cover the frangipane. Fold the edge of the dough back over the apples to make a 1 to 1 12inch border of dough. Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons sugar over the apples, letting a little of the sugar fall onto the border to help crystallize the dough. Break the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into pieces and scatter them over the tart. Bake for 1 hour. The dough should be nicely crystallized all over.nRemove the finished tart from the oven and cool on a rack until lukewarm. Dilute the apricot preserves with the calvados or water and glaze the surface of the tart, spreading it carefully on the apples with the underside of a spoon. Serve at room temperature cut into little wedges, with plain cream, sour cream, creme fraiche, or ice cream, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup shelled hazelnuts, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, divided, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, Dash vanilla, 4 large russet apples about 2 pounds, 1 cup apricot preserves, 1 tablespoon calvados or water, Plain cream, sour cream, creme fraiche, or ice cream, to serve], title: Apple Tart with Hazelnut Frangipane, picturelink: null}, 54357: {instructions: Place chocolate, water, and Kirschwasser in a medium size heatproof bowl. Bring 1 inch of water to a simmer in a wide skillet. Turn the heat off and wait 30 seconds. Set bowl of chocolate in pan of water. Stir white chocolate mixture constantly until melted and smooth. Or, melt in a microwave on low for about 2 minutes. Stir until smooth and completely melted. White chocolate is very fragile and burns easily. Do not turn the heat on again under the skillet unless absolutely necessary. Let cool until a dab touched by your upper lip feels slightly cool. Whip the cream until soft peaks formnot too stiff. Carefully fold cream into cooled white chocolate mixture the mousse will seem very soft. Scrape mold immediately into lined mold. Mousse sets quickly and should not be spread or manipulated too much after it is completed., ingredients: [9 ounces white chocolate cut into very small pieces, 2 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons Kirschwasser, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream], title: White Chocolate Mousse with Kirsch, picturelink: null}, 54358: {instructions: Special equipment: cheescloth butchers twinenFor the bouquet garni: Wrap the herbs in cheesecloth and secure with butchers twine, leaving about 6 inches of excess string. Set aside.nFor the beef bourguignon: Cook the bacon in a large Dutch oven over medium heat until browned but not fully rendered, 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon to a papertowellined plate.nPlace the flour in a shallow bowl. Season the beef well with salt and pepper, then toss it in the flour to coat, shaking off the excess flour. Add the oil to the Dutch oven, heat until shimmering, and then brown the beef in batches. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the browned pieces to a large bowl.nAdd the mushrooms to the pan. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until browned, about 4 minutes. If the pan looks dry, add more olive oil. Push the mushrooms to the sides of the pan, add the onions and cook until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Season again with a pinch of salt and pepper. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Carefully tie the bouquet garni to the handle of the pot and drop the bouquet into the vegetables or simply toss the whole bouquet into the pot. Add the carrots and tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the red wine, increase the heat, and bring to a boil. Then reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring up the browned bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the broth and 1 cup water and return the meat and bacon to the pan. Simmer, covered, for 1 hour.nAdd the pearl onions to the pot and cook, partially covered, until the meat is very tender when pierced with a fork, 1 hour more. Remove the bouquet garni. Season the stew to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley leaves to serve., ingredients: [2 bay leaves, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, plus extra leaves for garnish, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 4 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 pounds stew beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, halved or quartered if large, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 4 carrots, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups dry red wine, One 14.5ounce can reducedsodium beef broth, One 16ounce bag frozen pearl onions, thawed], title: Beef Bourguignon, picturelink: CQKaWkMiDWqCmrKXUtzrrU2e.d75Z6K}, 54359: {instructions: Place lettuce in a large bowl.nIn a jar with a lid, shake together remaining ingredients. Pour desired amount of vinaigrette over greens just before serving. There will be leftover dressing., ingredients: [6 cups mixed lettuce greens, 3 to 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Mixed Greens with Lime Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 54360: {instructions: Cut potatoes into 12inch dice. Place in a bowl and rinse with cold running water until water runs clear, to remove excess starch.nHeat 14 cup clarified butter in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute onions until brown. At same time, heat remaining clarified butter in a large skillet over moderate heat. Fry potatoes until golden and add Sauteed onions.nAdd garlic and ginger, and cook just long enough to release their aromas. Remove from heat and add cumin, turmeric, coriander, and pepper flakes. Return pan to moderate heat and cook 12 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in tomatoes, water, and salt.nSimmer, uncovered, until potatoes are soft, about 15 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and cook until peas are heated through. Adjust seasonings and serve immediately with basmati rice and assorted chutneys and raita., ingredients: [3 large baking potatoes, peeled, 12 cup clarified butter, 2 large onions, diced, 1 tablespoon pureed garlic, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 2 12 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 tablespoon ground coriander, 12 tablespoon dried red pepper flakes, 3 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 to 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 cups fresh or frozen peas, thawed, 1 tablespoon palm sugar, or brown sugar, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, roughly chopped, Raita yogurtcucumber garnish], title: Potato Pea Curry, picturelink: null}, 54361: {instructions: In a large pot fitted with a steamer basket, bring water to a boil and add vegetables successively starting with broccoli and cauliflower, about 3 minutes, then snow peas about 3 more minutes, then cherry tomatoes, until all vegetables are fork tender a fork can easily be poked through. Transfer vegetables to a large mixing bowl and season with garlic powder and salt and pepper, to taste, and toss with melted butter., ingredients: [1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 12 pound snow peas, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 cup butter 1 stick melted, Garlic powder to taste, Salt and pepper], title: Winter Vegetable Medley, picturelink: Lpb2LvqjLYQHBiKWJs44NJxyGDlbHES}, 54362: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Place butter in mixer and beat with paddle until soft and light. Beat in sugar in a stream and continue beating 5 to 10 minutes until the mixture is very light and whitened. Stir in the flour by hand until it absorbed, no more or the dough will toughen.nScrape the dough onto a floured surface and flour the dough with pinches of flour. Press the dough out with your hands, then roll over once or twice very gently with a rolling pin until the dough is about 12inch thick. Cut the dough with floured cutters and transfer the cut pieces to a paper lined pan.nBake the shortbread for about 15 minutes until it is very lightly colored. Cool the shortbread on a rack.nTo use a shortbread mold to shape, press the mold into the floured dough and cut around it. Transfer the cut and molded dough to a paper lined pan and chill about 1 hour until firm. Bake as above., ingredients: [12 pound best unsalted butter, 12 cup superfine sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour], title: Scottish Shortbread, picturelink: null}, 54363: {instructions: Make the dough: Put the flour in a food processor. With the motor running, pour in the beaten eggs and pulse until the dough gathers around the blades. Turn out the dough and pat into a rectangle. Wrap in plastic wrap and set aside 30 minutes at room temperature.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Pulse the leeks, bacon and carrots in a food processor until finely chopped. Transfer to a skillet add 1 cup water and cook over medium heat, stirring, until evaporated, about 7 minutes. Add the nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Increase the heat to medium high cook until the vegetables start to brown, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, stir in the parsley and let cool. Mix in the ricotta, gruyere and egg yolks cover and chill until ready to make the ravioli.nDust the dough with flour and cut into 6 pieces. Pat 1 piece of dough into a 4by2inch rectangle keep the rest covered with plastic wrap. Feed a wide side through a pasta machine at the thickest setting. Continue to feed the dough through the machine, reducing the thickness setting each time, until the pasta is about 16 inch thick. Lay the pasta sheet on cornmealdusted parchment paper and cover with a kitchen towel. Repeat with the remaining dough.nLine a baking sheet with parchment and dust with cornmeal. Uncover 1 sheet of dough lay out with a long side facing you keep the remaining sheets covered. Place small mounds of filling, about 2 inches apart, in a line along the bottom edge. Brush the top half of the sheet with water and fold the dough over to cover the filling press around each mound to seal. Cut into squares with a pizza wheel or chefs knife transfer to the baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. If not using immediately, wrap the baking sheet in plastic and freeze for up to 3 days.nMake the sauce: Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook, stirring, until tender, about 4 minutes. Add the scallions and garlic cook, stirring, 1 more minute. Add the tomatoes and cook 4 more minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the basil and parsley.nCook the ravioli: Bring 3 inches of salted water to a boil in a large pot. Add the ravioli in batches and cook until tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a baking sheet reserve the cooking water. Cover the ravioli loosely with foil to keep warm.nAdd 1 12 cups of the ravioli cooking water to the sauce, bring to a simmer and cook until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and season with salt and pepper. Divide the ravioli among plates top with the sauce.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 6 large eggs, beaten, Cornmeal, for dusting, 3 leeks, halved and sliced, 8 slices thickcut bacon, roughly chopped, 4 carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 34 cups chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup ricotta cheese, 3 ounces gruyere cheese, finely grated, 2 large egg yolks, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound assorted wild mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt, 4 scallions, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 pints grape or cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Bacon Ravioli With Mushrooms, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 54364: {instructions: Peel the length of each cucumber to form alternating stripes of unpeeled and peeled. Cut the cucumbers into 12 34inch pieces. Scoop out the center using a teaspoon or a melon baller, leaving the bottom and sides intact to form a cup. Reserve the centers for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa. Turn them upside down onto a towel and let them drain while you make the filling.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the shrimp and cook until bright pink, about 3 to 4 minutes. Strain and rinse in cold water. Remove the shells and discard. Reserve 12 shrimp for the Round 2 Recipe Shrimp and Potato Salad with Sour Cream and Bacon Dressing.nChop the shrimp into small pieces and put them into a bowl. Add the horseradish, lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste, half the can of tomatoes reserve the remaining half for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa and 1 tablespoon of parsley. Evenly divide the shrimp mixture between the cucumber cups. Arrange them on a serving platter and garnish with remaining parsley., ingredients: [2 standard cucumbers, 34 pound medium shrimp, thawed, deveined and shells on, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can chopped tomatoes, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, divided], title: Shrimp Stuffed Cucumber Cups, picturelink: null}, 54365: {instructions: Heat a large pot of water to a boil, salt liberally and cook pasta to al dente.nWhile pasta cooks, you will need 3small skillets set up and a food processor near by. Set up 3 serving dishes that would hold half a pound of pasta each on a counter near the stove.nIn first skillet, melt butter with olive oil over medium heat, add onion, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and sweat 5 to 6 minutes. Add stock and zest and bring to a boil. Add peas, season with salt and pepper and heat through, about 2 minutes. Put in food processor and process until a smooth sauce forms and transfer to a bowl, fold in fresh ricotta, basil and mint with rubber spatula, adjust seasoning salt. When pasta is ready, add a ladle of pasta water or chicken stock, if needed and 13 of the pasta to the bowl. Toss the pasta with sauce.nIn the second skillet while peas are cooking, add chicken stock, carrots, curry powder, hot sauce, salt and pepper, to taste, honey and butter. Bring to a boil and let simmer to heat through, 10 minutes.nWhile carrots are cooking, grind roasted peppers into a paste. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in third pan over mediumlow heat and saute the garlic and red pepper, stir in ground peppers and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Rinse processor bowl and return to base to grind the carrots when they are tender. When peppers are hot, stir in balsamic vinegar and parsley and let simmer over low heat. Stir in starchy cooking liquid or stock, scrape sauce into serving dish and coat 13 of the pasta and cheese.nGrind carrots into a smooth paste and transfer to a serving dish. Thin carrot sauce with starchy liquid or stock and toss with remaining half pound of pasta and chives., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bow tie pasta, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 12 cup chicken or vegetable stock, plus more if needed, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 1 10ounce box frozen peas, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh ricotta cheese, 10 leaves fresh basil, torn or shredded, A handful mint leaves, finely chopped, 1 cup chicken or vegetable stock, 1 10ounce box frozen cooked carrots or baby carrots, 12 teaspoon curry powder, A few dashes hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped, 1 16ounce jar roasted yellow or red peppers, drained about 5 to 6 peppers, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, minced or grated, 12 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon aged balsamic vinegar, A handful fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, to taste], title: Mothers Day Pasta Sampler, picturelink: cOUjI1nolBtZAoRXIYaVSzXpwByzuy}, 54366: {instructions: Put the ice cubes in a cocktail shaker. Pour the vermouth and whiskey over the ice. Shake and then strain into cocktail glasses. Add a cherry, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [6 ice cubes, 14 cup sweet vermouth, 1 cup bourbon whiskey, Cocktail cherries, to decorate], title: Manhattan, picturelink: null}, 54367: {instructions: Soak peas overnight in lots of water. Drain. Peel the outside skin from the peas.nIn a processor, pulse the 1 onion and red pepper to coarsely chop. Add soaked peas and puree to a paste. Transfer to a bowl and using a whisk, whisk the mixture adding salt, white pepper and just a little soaking liquid  not too much as the mixture needs to retain its shape for frying.nUsing an ice cream scoop, form into balls about the size of a pingpong ball. Drop into a pot of hot olive oil, heated to 360 degrees F. Fry until golden brown. Remove to paper towellined plate. Season again with salt and pepper.nMake a quick dipping sauce by pulsing 2 seeded tomatoes, 1 onion, 1 green pepper and some parsley in food processor. Add olive oil and season with salt and pepper. It should be a little chunky, but smooth enough to stick to the fried akara., ingredients: [12 pound dried blackeyed peas, 2 onions, 1 red pepper, Salt, Ground white pepper, Olive oil, 2 ripe tomatoes, 1 green pepper, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves], title: Akara, picturelink: null}, 54368: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together the ricotta and 1 tablespoon sugar substitute. In a separate bowl, combine the Champagne with the fruit and 1 tablespoon sugar substitute.nDampen the rims of 6 margarita glasses and roll in the shredded coconut to adhere around the rim. Place a couple tablespoons of fruit mixture in each glass, and top with a dollop of the ricotta mixture. Sprinkle with the lemon zest and pecans.nTo garnish, stick a frill or sword pick with a strawberry and a couple blueberries on it in the top. Theres a 1 drink limit, ingredients: [12 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 ounce dry Champagne, optional, 12 cup small cantaloupe balls, 12 cup small honeydew melon balls, 13 cup blueberries, 12 cup strawberries, sliced, 2 tablespoons unsweetened coconut, shredded, 13 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped pecans, Strawberries and blueberries, for garnish], title: Fresh Fruit Margaritas, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 54369: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnHeat the milk in a medium saucepan until just warm about 110 degrees F. Sprinkle the yeast over the milk, and let it sit until dissolved, about 5 minutes. Pour the mixture into a large bowl, and stir in the butter, 12 cup of the sugar, egg yolks, 1 tablespoon of the vanilla and the salt. Fold in the flour its OK if there are a few lumps. Cover and set aside in a warm place until the mixture is bubbly and rises by about half its original volume, 1 to 2 hours. The batter can be made a day ahead and refrigerated after it rises.nOnce the batter is ready, preheat the waffle iron and preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Whip the egg whites and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar with an electric mixer to soft peaks in a medium bowl. Fold the whites and sprinkles into the batter.nBrush the top and bottom of the preheated waffle iron with butter, and pour the batter into each compartment this varies from 14 to 12 cup, depending on the size of your waffle maker. Cook until the waffles are golden brown and crisp remove them to a plate, and transfer to the oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining batter.nMeanwhile, warm the maple syrup in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon vanilla. Set aside and keep warm.nTo serve, stack 2 waffles on a serving dish, drizzle with some of the maplevanilla syrup and top with a dollop of whipped cream. Serve the remaining syrup on the side., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, One 14ounce packet 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing the waffle iron, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 large eggs, separated, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 12 cup confetti sprinkles, 1 cup pure maple syrup, Sweetened whipped cream, for serving], title: Belgian Birthday Waffles, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 54370: {instructions: To make the ravioli: in a medium bowl, stir together the turkey, cranberry sauce, cheese, bread crumbs, parsley, egg, salt, and pepper. Place 10 wonton wrappers on a work surface. Brush lightly with water using a pastry brush. Place 1 tablespoon of the turkey mixture on each of the wonton wrappers. Top with another wonton wrapper. Push out any air bubbles and press the edges tightly to seal.nTo make the gravy: in a medium, heavy skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the flour and stir until cooked, about 1 minute. Slowly add the chicken broth, stirring quickly to avoid lumps. Add the cream, parley, salt, and pepper and cook, without boiling, for 2 minutes, stirring often.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the ravioli and cook until tender but still firm to the bite and the turkey is cooked, stirring occasionally, about 3 minutes. Drain the ravioli into the gravy and stir to coat. Serve immediately in individual dishes, drizzled with the remaining gravy., ingredients: [14 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat, 2 tablespoons cranberry sauce, 2 tablespoons grated Romano, 1 tablespoon bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 egg, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 20 storebought wonton wrappers, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Turkey and Cranberry Ravioli, picturelink: OgOQtlHyJ.iqQz65B4StXAKLixdrhlC}, 54371: {instructions: Steam green beans in a steamer for 7 minutes. Place green beans and butter in saucepan and heat through. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, cleaned, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, to taste], title: Steamed Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 54372: {instructions: 1. Spray 12inch nonstick skillet with cooking spray heat over mediumhigh heat. Add undrained tomatoes and potatoes. Cook 6 to 8 minutes or until potatoes are tender and liquid has evaporated, stirring occasionally. Remove from skillet.n2. Add oil to skillet reduce heat to mediumlow. Pour Egg Beaters into skillet cook 30 seconds. Spoon potato mixture evenly over Egg Beaters. Cook 7 minutes or until set, running flexible spatula around edge of skillet to keep frittata loosened.n3. Sprinkle with cheese. Cut into 4 wedges to serve., ingredients: [PAMu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Original Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, undrained, 212 cups frozen OBrien potatoes with onions and peppers, 1 tablespoon Pure Wessonu00ae Vegetable Oil, 1 carton 16 oz each Egg Beatersu00ae Original, 12 cup shredded reduced fat Colby Jack cheese], title: Southwest Potato Frittata, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 54373: {instructions: Wearing rubber gloves, remove stems, seeds, and ribs from chili and chop fine. In a bowl stir together chili and remaining salsa ingredients. Salsa may be made several hours ahead and chilled, covered. Stack tortillas and cut them in half. Cut stacks crosswise into 12inchthick strips and in a heavy skillet heat 12inch oil over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Working in two batches, fry tortilla strips until crisp and golden, about 30 seconds, and with a slotted spoon transfer to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle fried tortilla strips with salt to taste. Halve the avocado, removing the pit, and peel. Slice each half lengthwise into 6 wedges. Slice chicken into 6 wedges and fan, with the avocado, onto 2 plates. Spoon about 12 cup strawberry salsa over each fan and mound crispy tortilla strips alongside., ingredients: [1 fresh serrano or jalapeno chili, 1 cup finely chopped strawberries, 1 cup finely chopped white onion, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh coriander, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon sugar if desired, Three 5inch corn tortillas, Vegetable oil for frying, 1 firmripe avocado, Two 8ounce grilled chicken breasts, 12 teaspoon fresh lime juice], title: Avocados with Strawberry Salsa and Crispy Tortilla Strips, picturelink: null}, 54374: {instructions: Cut 1 pound each carrots and parsnips into fries cut around the parsnips cores toss with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and 1 teaspoon each lemonpepper seasoning and kosher salt. Toss with 2 beaten egg whites, then coat in 12 cup panko breadcrumbs. Spread out on 2 baking sheets. Bake at 400 degrees F, stirring once, until crisp, about 35 minutes.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Root Vegetable Fries, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 54375: {instructions: In a medium pot, boil the cranberries and 1 cup water until the berries start to pop, 5 to 7 minutes. Simmer on mediumlow heat for 10 minutes. Add the sugar, garlic, ginger, lemon zest and salt, and simmer for another 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup fresh cranberries, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 12 teaspoon salt], title: CranberryGinger Chutney, picturelink: Cd3VayIOk7BbFX22H6rndMRv0w57TBu}, 54376: {instructions: Dissolve the yeast in the milk and 1 teaspoon sugar, mixing well. While the yeast is proofing about 10 or 15 minutes cream together the butter and 1 cup of sugar. Then add 4 eggs, one at a time, and beat well. Add yeast mixture and mix well on low speed until incorporated. Then add salt and 5 12 to 6 cups of flour and mix well. If the day were damp you probably would need 6 cups of flour. Refrigerate at least 4 hours. Roll out the dough. Take a shot glass and punch out circles and make little balls with the dough. Dip the balls in melted butter and roll in cinnamon sugar and ground nuts. Put around greased small tube pan. Layer the balls alternately each row, one on top of the other. Let rise until double, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 15 minutes then lower oven to 350 and bake for another 1 hour 20 minutes or until golden brown. Turn out immediately onto large plate and hold for few seconds so that all of the dough will come out.nMelt the chocolate on top of stove with sugar. Can be somewhat of a grainy consistency. Roll out 14 of the dough pretty thin, then put the chocolate mixture starting at wide end and 12inch away from sides and 2 inches away from bottom. Roll up like a jelly roll and put on parchment lined cookie sheets. Use the beaten egg wash on top. Bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [2 packages yeast, 1 cup warm whole milk, 1 teaspoon sugar plus 1 cup sugar, 1 pound sweet butter, plus more melted, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 5 12 to 6 cups flour, Cinnamon sugar, Ground nuts, 4 squares bitter chocolate, 34 cup sugar, premade golden dumpling coffee cake dough, 1 egg beaten, for egg wash], title: Golden Dumpling Coffee Cake, picturelink: null}, 54377: {instructions: Marinate the tuna fillets overnight in the Sweet Chili Ginger Dipping Sauce. Heat 2 tablespoons of sesame oil in a saute pan and add the udon noodles. Toss to heat through, then add Yuzu Syrup. Toss again, then season to taste with salt and pepper.nHeat the remaining 4 tablespoons sesame oil until smoking in a separate saute pan. Remove tuna fillets from the marinade and generously season all sides with salt and pepper. Carefully place the fillets into the hot pan. Sear all sides of the fillets, 2 minutes for rare. Remove from the pan.nTo serve, in the center of each plate place some udon noodles. Slice tuna fillets in half, on the bias, and place on udon noodles. Arrange Green Papaya Salad over top of tuna and serve.nCombine soy sauce, ginger, vinegar, and chili sauce in a blender. Puree until smooth. Slowly add in the sesame oil until sauce is emulsified. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Store refrigerated for up to 1 weeknCombine yuzu juice and brown sugar in a nonreactive saucepan place over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce to a syrup consistency. Whisk in yuzu chili paste and togerashi. Store refrigerated for up to 1 month.nSalt and freshly ground black peppernCombine ginger ale, water, 12 cup lime juice, 2 teaspoons salt in a saucepan. Place over high heat, and bring liquid to a boil. Add green papaya to boiling liquid, and poach for about 8 minutes. Remove papaya from poaching liquid, and set in cooler to chill.nCombine remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl. Add chilled, poached papaya to ingredients, and mix thoroughly. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 7ounce Agrade tuna fillets, Sweet Chili Ginger Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons sesame oil, 8 ounces udon noodles, prepared following package instructions, Yuzu Syrup, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Green Papaya Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons peeled and sliced fresh gingerroot, 1 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup sweet chili sauce, 12 cup sesame oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup yuzu juice, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons yuzu chili paste, 2 teaspoons togerashi, 1 bottle ginger ale, 1 cup water, 12 cup lime juice, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 green papaya, peeled, seeded, and julienned, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 red onion, peeled and julienned, 1 teaspoon yuzu juice, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Chili Ginger Seared Tuna, picturelink: null}, 54378: {instructions: Soak the rye berries in about 6 cups of the hot spring water, or at least enough to cover berries by 1inch. Let stand 8 hours or overnight if the water becomes completely absorbed before soaking time has ended, add more hot spring water to cover. Drain and reserve the soaking liquid. Add enough fresh roomtemperature spring water to the reserved soaking liquid to measure 6 cups total. Reserve. Combine the starter, rye berries and reserved 6 cups water in a 6quart bowl. Break up the starter well with a wooden spoon and stir until it loosens and the mixture is slightly frothy. Add 1 cup 5 12 ounces of the rye flour and all the cracked rye. Stir well until combined. Add the salt and remaining flour. Stir until combined and the mixture is wet and sticky. Take the doughs temperature  the ideal is 78 degrees. Cover with a clean damp towel and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degrees draftfree place.nNote: If the dough temperature is higher than 78 degrees put it in a cooler than 78 degree place, like the refrigerator, until the dough cools to 78 degrees. If it is lower than 78 degrees, put it in a warmer than 78 degree place until the dough warms to 78 degrees. The point is to try to keep the dough at 78 degrees during its fermentation. If you have to move the dough, be gentle and dont jostle it, or the dough might deflate.nThe dough will become spongy but not springy, distinctly soursmelling and increased in volume by about 14. Generously grease 2 5 by 9 by 3inch loaf pans with vegetable shortening and dust with rye flour. Turn the dough into the prepared pans. Smooth the tops with a wet thin flexible cake spatula. Cover the loaves with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degree draft free place until the dough has domed slightly and increased in volume again by 14. Bake on center rack of a preheated 300 degree oven until the loaves have shrunk from the sides of the pan and the tops are dark brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 2 12 to 3 hours. Remove the loaves from the pans and hold the loaves upside down. Strike the bottoms firmly with your finger. If the sound is hollow, the breads are done. If it doesnt sound hollow, bake 15 minutes longer. Cool the pans for 10 minutes, then remove and cool completely on wire racks. Let the bread rest 24 to 36 hours before eating. It is very moist in the center when removed from oven, but as it cools the moisture distributes evenly throughout the bread. It will keep for weeks at room temperature wrapped tightly in plastic wrap., ingredients: [2 cups 13 ounces whole rye berries, 8 cups 64 fl. ounces boiling spring water, 2 cups 18 ounces rye sourdough starter, 8 cups 40 ounces medium ground rye flour, 2 cups 9 ounces cracked rye, 1 tablespoon 34 ounce fine sea salt], title: Vollkornbrot, picturelink: null}, 54379: {instructions: For Syrup:nTo make the syrup, heat the grape jelly in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Dissolve the cornstarch in 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl. When the jelly has become liquid, stir in the cornstarch mixture. Simmer until a syrup consistency is reached, about 5 to 10 minutes.nFor Pancakes:nIn a small saucepan warm the milk over low heat. Whisk in the peanut butter and combine until completely smooth, then remove from the heat.nIn a large mixing bowl add the baking mix. Stir in the eggs and milk mixture and combine until just incorporated.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nPut a large cast iron or nonstick skillet over medium heat. Spray it with cooking spray. Put 14 cup of pancake batter in the center of the skillet and cook until golden brown. About 1 to 2 minutes per side. When bubbles in the center of the pancake have deflated, flip over and cook the other side. Store on a sheet tray in the preheated oven to keep warm while making the rest of the pancakes.nTransfer the pancakes to a large serving platter and serve with warm grape syrup., ingredients: [1 cup grape jelly, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, 1 12 cups milk, 34 cup peanut butter, 2 12 cups baking mix, 2 eggs, Canola cooking spray], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 54380: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Lay the tomato and onion halves cutside down on a foillined baking sheet surround with the tomatillos and jalapeno. Broil until charred, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, cook the chile de arbol in a small dry skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning, until toasted, 30 seconds to 1 minute.nCombine the tomatoes, onion, tomatillos, jalapeno, chile de arbol, chipotle and garlic in a blender and puree until mostly smooth. Add the cilantro and puree until incorporated season with salt. Chill at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 beefsteak tomatoes, halved, 1 small Spanish onion, halved, 4 tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed, 1 dried chile de arbol, stemmed, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt], title: Salsa Roja, picturelink: UO.maZcClbhqOZ4lj8uFP3yazGGeHm}, 54381: {instructions: Special equipment: a half sheet pan 11by17 inches multiple 2to3inch sphere molds to make 20 spheres a hot plate, optionalnFor the sponge cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a half sheet pan with parchment and butter the parchment. Whip the egg yolks and 4 ounces sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer to ribbon stage set aside. In another bowl, whip the egg whites and the remaining 3 ounces sugar to mediumsoft peak. Using a rubber spatula, fold about 13 of the whipped whites into the yolk mixture to lighten, then fold in the remaining white mixture. Whisk together cake flour and salt. Sift the flour mixture over the egg whiteyolk mixture, and fold it in gently and thoroughly with the rubber spatula.nPour the batter into the prepared baking sheet and bake until the cake springs back when gently pressed, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool the cake in the baking sheet for 5 minutes, and then turn it onto a wire cooking rack. Cool completely before using.nFor the filling: In the bowl of a stand mixer, whip the egg yolks and 8 ounces sugar to ribbon stage. Add the mascarpone and beat until smooth, 3 to 5 minutes. In another bowl, whip the egg whites and pinch of sugar to mediumstiff peaks. Using a rubber spatula, gently fold the whites into the mascarpone mixture. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 2 hours.nFor the spheres: Put the candy melts in a bowl over, not in, a pot of simmering water and melt. Fill a halfsphere mold with melted candy melt and then immediately dump out the excess, so that the inside of the mold is thinly and evenly coated. Repeat with the remaining molds and melts. Refrigerate until set, about 5 minutes. Invert the molds to remove the spheres you might have to tap them gently on the counter. They will be fragile.nFor the soaking liquid: Combine the coffee, almond and coffee liqueurs, and the coffee and peppermint extracts in a shallow dish.nTo assemble: Warm a hot plate or small frying pan gently. Cut 2inch rounds of sponge cake. Soak them in the coffee mixture. Place 1 round in a candy halfsphere and top with some of the tiramisu filling. Press the edges of an empty half on the hot plate or against the warm frying pan to melt slightly, 1 or 2 seconds. Immediately glue it to a filled half to make a full sphere. Repeat with the remaining cake, soaking liquid, filling and spheres. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, for greasing the pan, 6 ounces egg yolks, 7 ounces sugar, 9 ounces egg whites, 6 ounces cake flour, sifted, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 6 eggs, separated, 8 ounces sugar, plus a pinch, 4 cups mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 12 ounces white candy melts, 2 cups brewed coffee, cooled, 12 cup almond liqueur, such as Amaretto, 12 cup coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 1 teaspoon coffee extract, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract], title: Peppermint Tiramisu, picturelink: Ho9quDYRXeygHLKqTC18Lt.ZPCuwA6}, 54382: {instructions: In a small saucepan over low heat, heat the olive oil with the butter and garlic until the butter is melted. Set aside and allow to steep for 5 minutes, then discard the garlic clove.nHeat the vegetable oil in a 3quart Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until the oil dances in the pan. Add the popcorn kernels, cover with a lid and cook, shaking the pan every couple minutes to prevent burning. When you begin to hear popping, lower the heat to medium and shake the pan every 30 seconds until there are very few pops left in the pan. Empty the popcorn into a large bowl you should have 6 to 8 cups of popcorn. Toss with the garlicbutter mixture, the Parmesan and Pecorino, and the pepper and salt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 12 cup freshly grated Pecorino, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Roman Popcorn, picturelink: bCpgwqva.3350EorpAw3DadgJZCTHdS}, 54383: {instructions: Wrap the tofu in several layers of a clean, absorbent kitchen towel and set a lpound bag of dried beans on top. Set the tofu aside until you are ready to slice it. Line a broiling pan or baking sheet with aluminum foil. Set aside. Place the oven rack about 5 inches from the broiling element, and turn on the broiler. In a pie plate or large, shallow bowl, prepare the barbecue sauce by blending together the remaining ingredients. Unwrap the tofu and set the block on a cutting board with the longer side facing you. Cut the block crosswise into 9 slices, each slightly less than 12inch thick. Dip the slices into the sauce to coat both sides heavily. Arrange the slices on the broiling pan as you work. Reserve any remaining sauce. Broil the tofu until flecked with dark brown spots, 4 to 6 minutes. If your broiler cooks unevenly, rotate the broiling pan halfway through. Turn the tofu over with a spatula and slather any remaining sauce on the second side with a pastry brush or knife. Broil until deeply browned on the second side, 4 to 6 more minutes. Serve with the darker side up.nNote: Chipotles in adobe is a thick paste of chipotles, vinegar, onions, garlic, and spices. Look for it in Hispanic groceries and gourmet shops Chipotle chilies are dried jalapenos that impart a hot, smoky flavor. They may be purchased from gourmet shops either whole or ground, To grind your own, stem and seed the chili, snip it into bits, and grind the bits to a powder in a spice grinder., ingredients: [1 pound block extrafirm tofu, drained, 2 generous tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 generous tablespoons ketchup, 1 12 to 2 tablespoons shoyu depending upon desired saltiness, 2 large cloves garlic, peeled and pushed through a press, 2 teaspoons blackstrap molasses, 2 teaspoons toasted Asian sesame oil, 1 to 2 teaspoons chipotle in adobo OR, 18 to 14 teaspoon ground chipotle chili see note or cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Down Home Barbecued Tofu, picturelink: null}, 54384: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Combine the apples, apple cider, brown sugar and 12 teaspoon salt in a large ovenproof pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, partially cover and cook until the apples are soft, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice, cinnamon, vanilla and cloves. Puree the mixture in a blender in batches until smooth or use an immersion blender.nReturn the mixture to the pot and bake, uncovered, stirring every 30 minutes, until thickened and deep amber, 2 12 to 3 12 hours the timing will depend on the kind of apples you use. Remove from the oven and let cool completely, then transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate up to 5 days.nTry it on:nPancakesnWafflesnYogurtnOatmealnGrilled cheesenPBJnBiscuitsnCornbreadnPork chopsnPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [4 pounds assorted apples, peeled and chopped, 2 cups apple cider, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of ground cloves], title: Homemade Apple Butter, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 54385: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Add pancetta and cook until slightly crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the Brussels sprouts and toss with the oil and pancetta to coat evenly. Add the thyme and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bake in the oven until nicely caramelized, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup diced pancetta, 1 pound peeled Brussels sprouts, quartered, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper], title: Pancetta and Herb Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: b8vja4hC7RO0LKLEUG39AMkhK5IegA2}, 54386: {instructions: Special equipment: a wooden dowel 3 feet long and 1 inch in diameter, a pair of sharp shears or small saw for cutting dowel, a digital or chocolate tempering thermometer and 2 disposable pastry bagsnPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nFor the pistachio creme brulee: Put the egg yolks in a medium heatproof bowl. In a medium saucepan, combine the heavy cream and sugar and bring to a boil over high heat. At the boil, remove the saucepan from the heat and slowly whisk the hot cream mixture into the egg yolks. Mix the pistachio paste into the hot creamyolk mixture, blending thoroughly. Strain the mixture.nPour the creme brulee mixture into a 9inch cake pan. Place the cake pan in a large roasting pan or baking dish and carefully pour hot water into the pan around it, halfway up the sides of the cake pan, to make a water bath. Bake until set and no longer liquid in the center, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Check by jiggling the pan very gently the creme brulee should tremble just slightly. Remove the roasting pan from the oven but leave the oven on for the cheesecake, remove the cake pan from the water bath, cool the brulee to room temperature and then refrigerate for several hours until cold.nFor the mascarpone cheesecake: In the bowl of a heavyduty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and sugar on medium speed until smooth. Add the mascarpone and beat until smooth. Beat in the whole eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl and beater between additions. Beat in the egg yolks, followed by the vanilla.nPour the mixture into a 9inch cake pan. Place the cake pan in a large roasting pan or baking dish and carefully pour hot water into the pan around it, halfway up the sides of the cake pan, to make a water bath. Bake until the cheesecake is set and no longer liquid in the center, 30 to 45 minutes. Check by jiggling the pan very gently the cheesecake should tremble just slightly. Turn off the oven and leave the door open. Cool the cheesecake in the oven for about 30 minutes, then refrigerate until firmpreferably overnight.nFor the chocolate tree trunks: Cut the 3foot wooden dowel into twelve 3inch lengths. Cut twelve 3inch squares of aluminum foil. Lay a piece of dowel parallel to one of the edges of a foil square and roll the foil around the dowel. Repeat with the remaining dowels and foil.nCut twelve 8inch squares of plastic wrap. Hold a foilwrapped dowel by one end. Place the opposite end of the dowel in the center of a square of plastic wrap. Hold the dowel and plastic wrap up so that the plastic drapes over the dowel. Gather the corners of the plastic wrap to enclose the dowel in the plastic. There will be a lot of wrinkles in the plastic. This will give texture to the tree trunks. Twist the ends of the plastic wrap together, or secure the ends of the plastic wrap with tape. Repeat with the remaining dowels and plastic.nTo temper the chocolate, melt 24 ounces of the chocolate in a metal bowl set over a pan of simmering water fitted with a digital or chocolate tempering thermometer. Heat to 115 to 120 degrees F.nRemove the bowl of chocolate from the heat and add the remaining 8 ounces of chocolate. Stir until all the added chocolate has melted. The temperature of the chocolate should be below 86 degrees F. If not, allow the chocolate to continue to cool, stirring frequently, until it reaches 85 to 86 degrees F.nPlace the bowl of chocolate over the simmering water again and reheat for a few seconds at a time, stirring well, until the temperature has risen to 87 to 91 degrees F. Do not allow the temperature of the chocolate to exceed 91 degrees F, or you will have to repeat the procedure from the beginning. Wipe any moisture from the underside of the bowl before proceeding.nUse a pastry brush to brush a coating of tempered chocolate onto the bottoms and up the sides of each dowel. Stand the dowels upright on a piece of parchment paper or aluminum foil and allow to stand until the chocolate is just set. Apply a second coating of tempered chocolate for added strength. Set aside for 1 to 2 hours, or overnight.nWhen ready to unmold, place the chocolatecoated dowels in the refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes. Undo the plastic wrap and remove the dowel from each. Hold each tree trunk securely in one hand wear gloves to avoid fingerprints and carefully remove the plastic wrap from the insides of the tree trunks.nTo assemble: Place the pistachio creme brulee mixture into a disposable pastry bag and snip a small opening. Pipe about a tablespoon of the mixture into the bottom of each hollow tree trunk.nUse a spoon to scrape off the top skin of the cheesecake and carefully scoop the soft cheesecake center into a disposable pastry bag and snip a mediumsized opening. Pipe the cheesecake mixture on top of the pistachio creme brulee in the hollow tree trunks, filling as full as desired.nGarnish each with a maraschino cherry and chopped toasted nuts if desired., ingredients: [6 large egg yolks, 2 cups heavy cream, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons pistachio paste, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, preferably imported, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 pounds finely chopped semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, Maraschino cherries, for garnish, optional, Chopped toasted nuts, for garnish, optional], title: Black Forest, picturelink: null}, 54387: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees. Place the tomatoes cutside up in a shallow baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper and the thyme. Roast 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours, or until the tomatoes are very soft and slightly shrunken.nIncrease the oven temperature to 400 degrees. Place the baguette slices on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Rub the crostini with garlic and top each with a roasted tomato.nPhotograph by Jim Franco, ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 to 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 8 12inchthick slices baguette, cut on the bias, 1 clove garlic], title: Crostini with ThymeRoasted Tomatoes, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 54388: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the waffles: Preheat an 8inch round waffle iron according to manufacturers instructions.nIn a large bowl, combine the whole wheat pastry flour, semolina flour, baking powder, sugar, Italian seasoning, salt, sundried tomatoes and Parmesan. In a separate bowl, whisk the eggs until light and fluffy. Add the milk and olive oil whisk to combine. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add the wet ingredients. Stir until just combined overmixing will make the waffles tough. Cover and refrigerate 30 minutes or up to 1 hour.nSpray the waffle iron with cooking spray and fill with a heaping 8ounce ladleful of the batter. Cook until golden brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter.nFor the pizza build: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace the waffles on a cooling rack set into a baking sheet. Spread 14 cup of the pizza sauce onto each waffle. Top with onions, olives, peppers, broccoli, or any combination thereof. Sprinkle with the mozzarella and cheddar. Transfer to the oven and cook until the cheese is melted, about 8 minutes. Top each wafflepizza with kale chips and sweet potato chips just before serving.nHeat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until soft and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, oregano, tomato sauce, diced tomatoes and honey, and stir to blend. Lower the heat and simmer until the sauce thickens and reduces by a third, about 45 minutes.nRemove the sauce from the heat and blend until smooth using an immersion blender. Stir in the basil and butter. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nTo a large bowl, add the kale and olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Spread the kale in an even layer on a wire racklined baking sheet. Transfer to the oven and bake until crisp, about 30 minutes, tossing halfway through., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole wheat pastry flour or whole wheat flour, 34 cup semolina flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 to 5 sundried tomatoes, packed in oil, cut into small dice about 14 cup, 12 cup grated goat Parmesan or regular Parmesan, 2 eggs, 1 34 cups milk, 14 cup olive oil, Cooking spray, Pizza Sauce, recipe follows, 1 small red onion, sliced, optional, 12 cup sliced black olives, optional, 14 cup diced roasted red peppers, optional, 2 cups broccoli florets, blanched, optional, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 13 cup shredded goat milk cheddar, 1 12 cups Kale Chips, recipe follows, 1 12 cups sweet potato chips, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, cut into small dice about 34 cup, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, One 14ounce can tomato sauce, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced chiffonade fresh basil, 1 tablespoon butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch kale, stems removed, leaves cut into bitesize pieces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Semolina and SunDried Tomato WafflePizzas, picturelink: O82O9B31rkTWTRiSynI3QPD8cZt53Ie}, 54389: {instructions: Heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat in a heavy saucepan. Saute the onions in it for 5 to 10 minutes or until transparent and just starting to brown.nUsing a knife, cut the tomatoes coarsely inside their cans. Drain off the juice and reserve.nAdd the tomatoes to the saucepan, along with a dozen basil leaves, very coarsely chopped. Season with salt and red pepper flakes to taste. Let the sauce come to a boil, then lower heat, simmer for 45 minutes. It should have a mediumthick consistency keep adding back some of the reserved tomato liquid to maintain the correct consistency.nWhile the sauce is cooking, boil the spaghetti in a large amount of salted water.nWhen ready to serve, add another dozen very coarsely chopped basil leaves to the sauce, and whisk in the butter. Drain the cooked spaghetti in a colander, draining all water from the pasta cooking pot, then return the spaghetti to the pot. Add about 23 of the sauce to it, or just enough to lightly coat the spaghetti with sauce. Stir well for one minute over medium heat. Divide spaghetti among eight bowls, placing a few small basil leaves on each spaghetti bowl. Top each with a few tablespoons of sauce. Serve immediately. Pass freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium onions, peeled and coarsely chopped, 3 1 pound. 12 ounce cans imported Italian plum tomatoes, 1 bunch fresh basil, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 pounds spaghetti], title: Francis Ford Coppolas Spaghetti Basilico, picturelink: null}, 54390: {instructions: Place the red beans rinsed into a large pan and cover with 5 cups of cold water. Bring to a boil and simmer for 2 12 hours. Peel the potato, slice and cut into small pieces. Squeeze the lime juice over the potato and season with salt. Remove the silver skin from the tenderloin. Very carefully remove and discard the seeds from the serrano chilis and finely chop them. Blanch the tomatoes in boiling water for 2 minutes  with a slotted spoon, remove and cool  then peel off skin and discard the seeds. Wash, dry and finely chop the cilantro. Cube the meat into 1 inch cubes. Chop the yolk of the egg into a crumb mixture. Place a large frypan on high heat and add 1 tablespoon of clarified butter. One by one drop the cubes of meat into it. Season generously with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of the flour over the top of the meat and stir. Pour the 2 ounces of chili juice from the can onto the meat. Add the finely chopped peppers. Stir the simmering beans and add 1 cup of cold water. Quickly pass the blade of the knife through two of the tomatoes and add to the meat. Moisten with 14 cup of red wine. Stir the meat once again. Dry the lime marinated potato strips on a paper towel and add the meat mixture. Add the peas. Moisten again with 1 ounce of red wine and reduce the heat to low. Mash the beans and beat in the butter and season with one teaspoon of chili powder. Cut the remaining 6 ounces of tomatoes into small pieces and add these to the beans. Pour the meat onto a serving platter and arrange the beans along the side. Sprinkle the chopped egg yolk and cilantro over the top and serve., ingredients: [1 to 1 12 pound of filet of beef tips, 4 ounces peeled potato, Clarified butter, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour, 4 canned serrano chili peppers, 12 ounces tomatoes, 3 ounces dry red wine, 8 ounces red beans, 6 cups cold water, 4 ounces frozen peas, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons cilantro, 2 ounces butter, All purpose flour for dusting, Salt, Pepper, 1 lime, 2 ounces serrano chili juice from can], title: La Concha Beef Tips, picturelink: Fg.L4cT787d.A6yIi4hL23KougsS1K}, 54391: {instructions: To make royal icing: Combine the egg white and powdered sugar in a mediumsize mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until opaque and shiny, about 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and continue whipping until completely incorporated, about 3 minutes. The lemon juice whitens the royal icing. The royal icing should be light, fluffy, and slightly stiff. You may need to adjust the consistency by adding more egg whites if the icing is too dry or more powdered sugar if it is too wet.nPlace the royal icing in a small piping bag or paper cornet.nHow to Make a Cornet: From Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques TorresnThe Cornet: A cornet is a small piping bag made from parchment paper. It is usually used to make fine decorations.nCut an 8by12by14 12inch triangle from a sheet of parchment paper. Hold the middle of the long side of the triangle between two fingers of 1 hand. Take the tip of the triangle on the short, wide end and roll it toward the other tip of that same end while simultaneously pulling it in an upward motion. The tip of a cone will form where your thumb and finger hold it on the long side.nRelease your grip from the long side, so that you are now holding the 2 corners where they meet. The paper will already resemble a partially formed cone. Roll the remaining tail until it is completely rolled into a cone. There will be 1 point sticking up from the open end. Fold it inside toward the center, and crease the fold. Now you should have a cornet. To close the cornet once it has been filled, fold it away from the seam this will keep the seam from opening. Use a pair of scissors or a sharp paring knife to cut an opening at the tip of the cornet to the desired size., ingredients: [1 large egg white, 1 12 cup powdered sugar, 12 lemon, juiced and strained, How to make a cornet, method follows], title: Royal Icing, picturelink: null}, 54392: {instructions: For the salad: Layer the salad ingredients in a large salad bowl, beginning with the lettuce, then adding the tomatoes, bell pepper and onion.nFor the French dressing: Put the vinegar, sugar, mustard, onion, paprika, salt and 12 cup water in a blender and process until well blended. While the blender is running, slowly stream in the oil. Chill in the refrigerator for 3 hours.nWhen ready to serve, pour some of the dressing over the salad and toss., ingredients: [6 cups torn romaine lettuce, 4 medium tomatoes, chopped, 1 small green bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 medium sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely chopped, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon grated onion, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup vegetable oil], title: Green Salad with French Dressing, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 54393: {instructions: Divide a bottle of champagne among 4 glasses. Stir together 14 cup pineapple juice and 14 cup orange juice pour over the champagne. Top each mimosa with 12 tablespoon orange liqueur. Garnish with orange and pineapple wedges.nPhotograph by Miki Duisterhof, ingredients: [], title: Pineapple Orange Mimosas, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 54394: {instructions: Put the tomatoes, green onions, lemon juice, basil, garlic and salt and pepper, to taste, into a food processor and run until blended and slushy. Put 4 layers of clean cheesecloth in a deep bowl. Pour the tomato mixture into the cheesecloth. Tie up the corners of the fabric. Add the slices of peeled beet root to the bowl to color the liquid. Hang the bag from a shelf in the refrigerator with the bowl underneath for a couple hours or longer. Discard the beetroot. Ladle the consomme into chilled clear or white bowls and garnish each with a single piece of chive., ingredients: [4 pounds fresh tomatoes, roughly chopped, 4 green onions, chopped, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 beet root, peeled and sliced, Fresh chives, for garnish, Special equipment: Butchers twine, 3 to 4 large pieces cheesecloth about 2 by 2 feet], title: Chilled Tomato Consomme, picturelink: null}, 54395: {instructions: In a kettle of boiling salted water cook the spaghetti until it is al dente, drain it in a colander, and rinse it briefly under cold water. Drain the spaghetti well and in a bow toss it with 2 tablespoons of the oil. In a large skillet cook the scallions, the garlic, and the red pepper flakes in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderate heat, stirring, until the scallions are just softened, add the spaghetti, the vinegar, the sugar, and the soy sauce, and heat the mixture, tossing it to combine it well, until the spaghetti is heated through. Stir in the peanuts and refrigerate until chilled. Remove and add chopped coriander, and salt to taste, transfer the mixture to a serving bowl, and garnish it with the coriander sprig., ingredients: [12 pound thin spaghetti or vermicelli, 4 tablespoons Asian toasted sesame oil, 1 bunch of scallions about 6 chopped fine, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste, 1 tablespoon ricewine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 cup finely chopped salted dryroasted peanuts, 13 cup finely chopped fresh coriander plus, if desired, a coriander sprig for garnish], title: Peanut Sesame Noodles, picturelink: null}, 54396: {instructions: Boil 2 cups of water in a medium saucepan. Add the rice and salt and return to a boil, stirring once or twice. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, stirring twice to promote stickiness, until all the moisture is absorbed, about 18 minutes. Allow to cool, uncovered, for about 15 minutes, or remove to a plate to speed cooling.nCombine the vinegar, scallions, horseradish, 1 12 teaspoons of the lime juice, and the soy sauce in a small bowl. Stir into the rice. Toss the avocado and remaining 12 teaspoon lime juice together in a separate small bowl.nTo assemble: With a long end of a lavash half facing you, lay a quarter of the rice mixture evenly over the lavash, leaving a 1inch border. Distribute a quarter of the crab, avocado, and ginger slices evenly over the rice and roll away from you, as tightly as possible. Complete the wraps with the remaining ingredients. Or, if you prefer, prepare all at once assemblyline style. Slice in half on the bias if serving for lunch. For appetizers, cut into 1 to 2inch pieces and serve with the spirals facing up., ingredients: [1 cup white rice not converted or 5 minute, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 scallions, both white and green parts, trimmed and chopped, 1 14 teaspoons drained bottled horseradish, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 1 small ripe avocado, preferably Hass, peeled, pitted, and sliced, 2 lavash rectangles, cut in half, 6 ounces sea legs surimi or crabmeat, picked over for cartilage, 14 to 16 thin slices of pickled ginger], title: California Wrap and Roll, picturelink: null}, 54397: {instructions: Heat a grill. If you are using a gas grill you want to set it to mediumhigh heat. If you are using charcoal the right time to start the peppers will probably be about 5 minutes after all the coals are glowing. If the heat is too hot, the peppers will burn and not cook properly.nGrill the peppers and turn them every few minutes for even cooking. They are done when the pepper starts to collapse on itself and is soft to the touch. Remove immediately, and place in a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap. The steam will pull the skin away from the flesh and they will be much easier to peel.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan over high heat, heat 2 tablespoons canola oil. Add the shallots and ginger and cook until they develop a nice deep brown. Add the garlic and cook 2 minutes. Next, add the chorizo and cook until browned and crumbly. Add the sweet soy, fish sauce, and basil. Turn heat down to medium and cook for another 5 minutes. Turn the mixture out onto a cookie sheet to cool.nTake a grilled pepper and lay it flat on a cutting board. Peel down from the top to where the seed pod ends. Cut the pepper right at that point. It should be about half way down the pepper. Put the tip to the side. Slice off the pepper top, just the very top and pull the stem to remove the entire seed pod along with the stem. From the flesh of the pepper, peel away that thin plastic like membrane, being careful not to tear the pepper itself. Repeat with all of the peppers. Remove the seed pods and stems from the pepper tops and dice up the flesh.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the peanuts, shallots, canola oil, lime juice, fish sauce, and honey along with the chopped pepper tops.nStuff each pepper with the chorizo mixture. You can use as much or as little stuffing as you want just try not to rip the pepper. Once you stuff them all, you can serve them right away or reheat them on the grill. To serve, spoon the vinaigrette over the peppers., ingredients: [6 poblano peppers, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus 14 cup canola oil, divided, 2 shallots, finely minced, 14 cup finely minced fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 pound Mexican chorizo, casings removed, 1 tablespoon sweet soy sauce, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup roasted peanuts, unsalted and roughly chopped, 1 shallot, finely minced, 12 cup canola oil, 4 fresh limes, juiced, 14 cup fish sauce, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Southeast AsianStyle Stuffed Poblano Peppers with Lime Peanut Vinaigrette, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 54398: {instructions: Using a sharp vegetable peeler, shave the zucchini lengthwise, creating very thin slices. Discard the first slice that is very dark green skin. Arrange the slices on a platter, overlapping the slices.nIn a small jar or bowl, place the lemon juice, olive oil, thyme, salt and pepper. Cover and shake well or whisk to blend. Pour the mixture evenly over the zucchini slices. Allow to sit for at least 15 minutes, or for up to an hour.nUse vegetable peeler to shave thin slices of Parmesan over the zucchini, and serve with baguette slices., ingredients: [2 medium zucchini, 12 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Parmesan cheese, for shaving, 1 baguette, sliced, for serving], title: Zucchini Carpaccio, picturelink: JRpx.E0AxjOf3d8ypWVVYxfeHOaBuDe}, 54399: {instructions: Preheat oven 150 degrees F.nBegin by removing the duck breasts with the skins on, and set aside in the refrigerator. Remove the thighs and legs from ducks. Debone the thighs, keeping legs and thighs attached, and lightly pound. With the loose meat, shape the legs into a drumstick.nIn a large deep dish, marinate the duck legs in brandy and sugar for 1 12 hours. Save the brandy after marinating.nPeel all the apples, and core them, keeping the core and peels. Slice 4 apples thinly, place on a baking sheet, and bake for 2 hours. Once they have baked, remove from oven, and small dice. Reserve remaining apples in acidulated water.nMix the fois gras with the diced apples, season with salt and pepper, and chill in the refrigerator.nPull the skin of each duck breast 34 of the way down, and season with salt and pepper. Place foie gras and apple mixture on flesh, place skin over to seal, and form with your hands. Using the caul fat, wrap each breast tightly and freeze for 2 hours.nPreheat a deep fryer to 360 degrees F.nLightly dust the duck legs with flour and dip in beaten eggs. Place legs in corn flakes and deep fry for 2 to 3 minutes, remove, and set aside.nRemove the duck breast from the freezer, sear on high heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside in the refrigerator.nTo make the mashed potatoes, simply boil the potatoes until fork tender or about 25 minutes. Add in the butter, sour cream, salt and pepper, and mash until desired consistency.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice 3 cored apples into rings and shape with a cookie cutter. Place a slice in each for 4 to 6 buttered ring molds. Using a piping bag, pipe a thin layer of mashed potatoes on the apple slices. Add a layer of thinly sliced black truffles, repeat until tower is 2 12 inches tall, and bake for 15 minutes. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nUsing the leftover peels and cores, add to the brandy in a saucepot and flambe. Once flame is gone, reduce the brandy to a light syrup and strain. Add this to the duck reduction you may use store bought reduction if you do not have any, and reheat, but do not bring to a boil.nJulienne the remaining apple and deep fry until crispy. Drain excess oil on a paper towel and set aside.nSlice duck breasts and place it in a 400 degree F oven for 4 minutes. Place fried duck legs in oven and heat up for 4 minutes.nTo serve, arrange apple tower on plate. Place duck leg, breast, and sauce on plate. Garnish tower with fried apples., ingredients: [4 whole ducks, 16 ounces brandy, 8 ounces sugar, 8 Jonagold apples, 12 ounces cooked foie gras, diced, 1 pound caul fat fatty membrane from a pig, sheep, or cow, resembling fine netting, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces flour, 4 eggs, beaten, 12 ounces corn flakes, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and diced, 4 ounces butter, 4 ounces sour cream, Salt and pepper, 8 ounces duck reduction, store bought or home made, 6 fresh or canned black truffles, thinly sliced], title: Stone Church Farm Heirloom Country Duck with OvenDried Jonagold Apples and Foie Gras, picturelink: null}, 54400: {instructions: In a saucepan coated lightly with oil on medium heat, saute shallots, ginger and chiles until soft, about 3 minutes. Deglaze with juices, sugar and soy sauce. Check for seasoning. Reduce by 50 percent until a syrup consistency is achieved. Meanwhile, season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Mix flour with chile. Dredge shrimp in chileflour, then egg, then panko and fry at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Serve sauce in a ramekin, surrounded by the shrimp on a bed of greens., ingredients: [Canola oil to cook, 2 minced shallots, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 minced Thai bird chiles, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon clear soy sauce Kikkoman PK58, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 20 to 24 large shrimp U10s or bigger, peeled, deveined, tail on, 2 cups allpurpose flour, in a shallow dish, 1 tablespoon powder ancho, chipotle, 6 eggs, beaten, in a shallow dish, 2 cups panko, in a shallow dish, Salt and white pepper, to taste, 2 cups mixed greens for plating], title: Sweet and Sour Panko Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 54401: {instructions: In a mixing bowl fitted with the paddle attachment, or by hand, mix together the cake crumbs, cocoa powder, powdered sugar, and nuts. Stir in the 2 tablespoons of honey and the rum. Using your hands, try to form the mixture into a ball. If the mixture wont hold together add a little more honey. Roll the mixture into 1inch balls, then roll them in powdered sugar or melted chocolate, and let them set up. Then, let them age or ripen 24 hours.nNotes about the recipe: I toured Sara Lee Bakeries when I was a kid and they had scrap bins in laundry carts but it went to a local pig farmer. I used to make these in my bakery to use up all the trim from my cake layers. We kept a 5gallon bucket, as most bakeries do, where we throw all the trims and once a week make rum balls. So each time, they were a little different depending on the content of the scraps., ingredients: [2 cups finely ground cake crumbs from a leftover cake, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, optional, 1 cup powdered sugar, sifted, plus extra for rolling, 1 cup finely chopped pecans or walnuts, 2 to 4 tablespoons honey, 14 cup dark rum, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, optional], title: Rum Balls, picturelink: null}, 54402: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nMix the crumbs and 3 tablespoons of sugar together. Melt the butter and stir into the crumb mixture. Press into the bottom of a greased 9inch round, springform cake pan. Set aside. Using an electric beater, blend the cream cheese and the remaining sugar together until creamy, wiping down the sides of the bowl and the beaters with a spatula to incorporate all the cheese. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Add the vanilla and lemon juice to the cream, then slowly stir into the cheese mixture.nPut the prepared round cake pan into a slightly larger rectangular pan. Pour the cheese mixture into the prepared pan. Set both pans in the oven and fill the rectangular pan with water, half way up the sides of the round pan.nBake until firm and golden brown, approximately 45 to 50 minutes. Cool completely before removing from the pan., ingredients: [2 cups graham cracker crumbs or cookie crumbs, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon of sugar, 1 stick butter, 3 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Finale Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 54403: {instructions: Place fish, Cajun spice, lime juice and cilantro in mixing bowl and allow ingredients to marinate for 30 minutes in the refrigerator. Place flour on a cookie sheet, seasoning the flour with 1 teaspoon of Cajun spice and saltpepper. Roll fish in flout creating a nice even coat. Shake off excess flour. Warm olive oil over medium heat in a nonstick pan. Once oil is hot, place fish side down for 3 minutes, flip fish and complete the same process. Remove fish from oil, placing on a rack to remove excess oil. Place fish on plate and garnish with salad.nIn a large mixing bowl mix all ingredients together. Place in refrigerator for 30 minutes. Toss with mixed greens. Serve alongside fish or any spring time poultry., ingredients: [4 Fresh Grouper filet, 2 teaspoons Cajun spice 1 teaspoon for flour, 2 teaspoons Lime Juice, 12 bunch Cilantro chopped, 2 and 14 cup Olive Oil 2 cups for sauteing fish, 2 cups flour, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 whole pineapple Julienne, 4 mint leaves diced, 5 large Strawberry sliced, 2 teaspoons agave, 12 lime juiced, 12 lemon juiced, 12 orange juiced, 2 leaf basil chopped, 1 pound mixed greens, 14 cup olive oil], title: PanSeared Grouper with Spring Pineapple and Strawberry Salad, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 54404: {instructions: HEAT waffle iron according to package directions. Whisk pancake mix, water, oil, egg and 12 cup chocolate hazelnut spread together in large bowl just until blended.nCOAT hot waffle iron with nostick cooking spray. Pour about 1 cup of batter onto center of waffle iron and close lid. Bake 5 to 6 minutes or until steaming stops. Repeat with remaining batter, making 16 4x4 waffles.nCOMBINE syrup and 14 cup chocolate hazelnut spread in small microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on HIGH for 30 seconds. Stir until smooth.nPLACE waffle on serving plate. Top with 14 cup strawberries, whipped cream, another waffle, 14 cup strawberries and finish with whipped cream. Repeat with remaining waffles. Serve with chocolate hazelnut syrup., ingredients: [2 cups Hungry Jacku00ae Complete Buttermilk Pancake  Waffle Mix Just Add Water, 1 14 cups water, 14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil, 1 egg, 34 cup Jifu00ae Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread, divided, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 34 cup Hungry Jacku00ae Original Syrup, 4 cups sliced strawberries, Whipped cream], title: Breakfast Neapolitan Waffles, picturelink: T6v20KGN0QzXZUU7HQOoG0XRr7g.lC}, 54405: {instructions: PREPARE THE BREADING: Stir the pretzel crumbs, flour, and 1 teaspoon salt together in a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Whisk the eggs and mustard in a medium bowl.nMAKE A SAUCE: Combine the mayonnaise, chopped pickles, horseradish, and hot sauce in a small bowl.nBREAD THE PORK: Cut the pork tenderloin crosswise into 12 even pieces about 34 inch thick. Lay the pieces between sheets of plastic wrap and pound with a mallet until flattened into rounds roughly 2 12 inches in diameter and 14 inch thick. Press both sides of the pork into the pretzel flour, then dip each piece into the beaten eggs and again in the pretzel flour, until generously coated.nFRY THE PORK: Heat 14 inch of oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until shimmering about 375 degrees F. Line a plate with paper towels. Shallowfry half of the pork cutlets until golden brown on each side, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to the prepared plate to drain. Season generously with salt. Repeat with the remaining cutlets.nSERVE: Toast the rolls if desired and put a pork cutlet on each roll. Top each piece of pork with 1 rounded teaspoon sauce, 2 pickle slices, and a piece of lettuce., ingredients: [3 cups pretzel crackers, finely crushed 1 14 cups crushed pretzels, 12 cup wholewheat or allpurpose flour, Flaky sea salt, such as Maldon, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 13 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons chopped breadandbutter pickles, plus 24 whole slices, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 small pork tenderloin about 1 pound, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 slider rolls, Iceberg lettuce leaves, for garnish], title: PretzelMustardCrusted Pork Tenderloin Sliders, picturelink: yz51BJr6cF9M4MbBbTFZi1L6uO7SsnG}, 54406: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, combine oats, puffed rice, puffed wheat, and pancake syrup, stirring gently to coat the oats and cereal with the syrup.nSpray a baking pan with nonstick spray and spread the cereal mixture out on the pan.nBake in the oven until crispy and lightly browned, 30 to 35 minutes, rearranging mixture with a spatula halfway through.nAllow to cool completely, and then stir in the apples. Dig in, ingredients: [14 cup oldfashioned oats, 14 cup puffed rice cereal, 14 cup puffed wheat cereal, 1 12 tablespoons sugarfree pancake syrup, 12 cup bitesize freezedried apples], title: Hungry Girlnola, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 54407: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor Cake:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of 2 8inch round cake pans set aside. In a large mixing bowl, combine cake mix, water, oil, eggs and extract. Use an electric mixer to beat on low speed for 1 minute. Scrape down bowl and then beat on medium speed for 2 minutes, or until batter is smooth. Divide batter evenly between cake pans. Bake in preheated oven for 25 to 35 minutes, or until center of tester comes out clean. Let cool in pans for 5 minutes. Remove from pans and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. nFor Royal Icing:nWith a hand mixer, beat the egg whites with the lemon juice or extract until frothy. Add the sifted powdered sugar and beat on low speed until combined, smooth, and shiny. Turn to high and beat approximately 5 minutes until stiff and glossy. Add food coloring, if desired, and transfer to a pastry bag to pipe onto cookies. nTo Decorate:nLine the backside of a sheet pan with aluminum foil. Place 4 inch wide strips of parchment paper around the border of the sheet pan to keep the foil clean while you decorate the cake. Place cake rounds side by side on the lined sheet tray. Slice one side off each cupcake. Place cupcakes side by side at one end of a cake round with the cutflat side facing up this will be the top of the top hat. Frost both cakes and cupcakes with frosting so that it looks like a hat is resting on a snowmans head resting on a body. Remove the parchment paper. Spread or drizzle the bottom third of the sheet pan with some royal icing the royal icing will act as glue for the coconut. Sprinkle the coconut over the royal icing to mimic snow. Randomly place 20 dollops of royal icing around the rest of the sheet pan. Place the snowflake cookies on each dollop of royal icing. Decorate the snowmans hat with rows of blue mints, starting at the very top of the Snowmans head and working up onto the cupcakes. To decorate the face use the peppermint patties for eyes, place a small dot of the royal icing in the center of each patty and place a blue jellybean on top of the royal icing. Use the orange gum drop for the nose and the blue candy coated chocolates for the smile. To make the buttons dip the flat side of a hard candy into the royal icing and then into the colored decorating sugar and place on the snowmans chest repeat with remaining 2 hard candies. Take 2 8inch piece fruit strips and tie them into a knot. Drape fruit strips across where the 2 cake rounds meet to make a scarf. To make the broom, take a 3inch long piece of fruit strip and slice the bottom 2 inches into thin strips. Place a small amount of royal icing at the end of the over sized candy cane and place the unsliced end of the fruit strip on to the royal icing. Use the large white gumdrops to make the hands. Place the candy cane next too one of his hands. , ingredients: [1 18.25ounce box white cake mix recommended: Betty Crocker, 1 13 cups water, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon peppermint extract, 2 unfrosted cupcakes, 2 12ounce containers whipped white frosting recommended: Betty Crocker Fluffy White, 2 large egg whites or 5 tablespoons meringue powder, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, Food coloring, if desired, Royal icing in a squeeze bottle or piping bag, 2 cups sweetened flake coconut, 20 store bought small snowflake shaped cookies, 1 7.5ounce bag square blue mint candies for hat, 2 peppermint patties for eyes, 2 blue jelly beans for eyes, 1 orange gumdrops for nose, 8 blue candy covered chocolates for mouth, 3 round hard candies for buttons, 14 cup color decorating sugar, 1 foot long fruit rollup for scarf recommended: Fruit by the Foot, 1 giant blue peppermint stick for broom stick, 6 large white gum drops for hands], title: Snowman Cake, picturelink: SACz9BLe1yeF5wztz7IDd6wKSV9a}, 54408: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the sherry and honey liqueur. Cover and shake vigorously until thoroughly mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Strain into sherry copitas or cordial glass. Garnish with the orange and a pinch of spice. Drink.nServing suggestions: sherry copitas or cordial glass., ingredients: [Ice, 2 ounces amontillado sherry, 1 tablespoon honey liqueur recommended: Baerenjaeger, Strip fresh orange zest, Mace blades or pinch ground mace, or freshly ground nutmeg], title: Sherry Sangaree, picturelink: gm52epU3C69fBjyx3mvYCmaUzeYUJ76}, 54409: {instructions: In a medium bowl combine the julienned carrot, cucumber, bean sprouts, scallions, water chestnuts, ginger, cilantro, soy sauce and fish sauce. Mix well. Take a rice sheet and dip in warm water. Place it on a clean surface and leave it for a few seconds to soften. Place a spoonful of the mixture in the center of the sheet and fold into a square packet as if you were making a burrito. Repeat with the rest of the rice sheets and mixture.nIn a small bowl whisk sesame oil, soy sauce, ginger, scallions and cilantro and serve with summer rolls., ingredients: [1 medium carrot, julienned, 1 small cucumber, julienned, 12 cup bean sprouts, 4 to 5 scallions, julienned, 6 water chestnuts, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon fish sauce, 8 8inch rice sheets plus more in case some tear, Warm water, for soaking rice sheets, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh grated ginger, Pinch chopped scallions, Pinch chopped cilantro leaves], title: Summer Rolls with Ginger Dipping Sauce, picturelink: zdT.IiHRNKZbc0NHkpO4RxVN61clyS}, 54410: {instructions: Combine the peppercorns, sugar and lemon zest in a shallow bowl. Smash with the back of a wooden spoon until the peppercorns are crushed. Moisten the rims of 6 glasses with a little lemonade, then dip in the peppercorn mixture.nCombine the lemonade, gin and sparkling rose in a pitcher. Fill the prepared glasses with ice, then add the cocktail.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 tablespoon pink peppercorns, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 14 cups pink lemonade, chilled, 34 cup gin, 1 750ml bottle sparkling rose, chilled], title: Sparkling Pink Lemonade, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 54411: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the tamarind paste in the boiling water and set aside while preparing the other ingredients.nCombine the fish sauce, palm sugar, and rice wine vinegar in a small bowl and set aside.nPlace the rice stick noodles in a mixing bowl and cover with hot water. Set aside while you prepare the remaining ingredients. Once the other ingredients are measured out into separate bowls, drain the water from the noodles and set them aside. Cut the tofu into 12inch wide strips, similar to French fries.nPress the tamarind paste through a fine mesh strainer and add to the sauce. Stir to combine.nPlace a wok over high heat. Once hot, add 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil. Heat until it shimmers, then add the tofu. Cook the tofu until golden brown, moving constantly, for no longer than 1 minute. Remove the tofu from the pan to a small bowl and set aside.nIf necessary, add some more peanut oil to the pan and heat until shimmering. Add 23 of the scallions and then the garlic, cook for 10 to 15 seconds. Add the eggs to the pan once the eggs begin to set up, about 15 to 20 seconds, stir to scramble. Add the remaining ingredients in the following order and toss after each addition: noodles, sauce, cabbage, shrimp, and 23 of the bean sprouts and peanuts. Toss everything until heated through, but no longer than 1 to 2 minutes total. Transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with the remaining scallions, bean sprouts, and peanuts. Serve immediately with the ground chile peppers and lime wedges.nWrap the tofu firmly in a tea towel. Place the wrapped tofu into an 8inch cake pan. Top with another cake pan and weigh down with a 5pound weight. Bags of dried beans or grains work well. Place in refrigerator and press for 12 to 15 hours.nPlace pressed tofu in a 2cup container. Combine soy sauce and fivespice powder and pour over tofu. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes, turning once. Remove the tofu from the marinade and use immediately or store in the refrigerator for up to 2 to 3 days., ingredients: [1ounce tamarind paste, 34 cup boiling water, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons palm sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 4 ounces rice stick noodles, 6 ounces Marinated Tofu, recipe follows, 1 to 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 cup chopped scallions, divided, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 whole eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons salted cabbage, 1 tablespoon dried shrimp, 3 ounces bean sprouts, divided, 12 cup roasted salted peanuts, chopped, divided, Freshly ground dried red chile peppers, to taste, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 6 ounces extrafirm tofu, not silken, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder], title: Pad Thai, picturelink: 0Bf6gZkYuNq.ESNnCLEZ7IdKJYq9fcK}, 54412: {instructions: Pour the milk into a freezerproof container and freeze until the milk begins to freeze a little, 40 minutes to 1 hour. It should not be frozen solid, but have milk ice floating on top and attached to the sides. The colder it is, the better your egg cream will come out.nSpoon the chocolate syrup into the bottom of a tall 10ounce glass. Pour in the milk it should only come about halfway up to leave room for the seltzer. Slide a long spoon into the glass, and then bounce the spoon up and down and stir just slightly to agitate the chocolate syrup at the bottom of the glass. Pour in the seltzer water while continuing the bounce the spoon. This method combines the syrup and seltzer and creates the frothy milk on top. The more you bounce the more bubbles youll get. This is the old school method, and how those fountain shops got that amazing froth on top. If its not working for you  abandon ship and use an electric frother or a blender. It will still be delicious, ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 14 cup chocolate syrup, classic fountain style, such as UBet, 1 cup seltzer oldfashionedstyle seltzer in a small glass bottle works best], title: Classic Egg Cream, picturelink: null}, 54413: {instructions: For the butter: Combine the butter, parsley, lemon zest, horseradish, tomato paste, celery salt, Worcestershire sauce and lemon juice in a bowl and stir to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the parsley butter to the bottom of a large ziptop bag. Push all of the butter to the bottom, roll into a log and freeze until ready to serve.nFor the bloody mary shots: Combine the tomato puree, vodka, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, lemon juice, a pinch of salt and some pepper in a large bowl and chill in the fridge until ready to serve.nFor the steaks: Heat a large skillet over high heat. Rub the steaks with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and place in the hot skillet. Cook in batches if needed, do not crowd the pan. Cook the steaks for 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Make sure to get the edges cooked. Remove the steaks from the heat and let rest before serving.nFor the salad: Combine the parsley leaves, celery leaves, olive oil and lemon juice and toss well to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Transfer the steaks to plates and divide the salad among the plates. Remove the butter from the freezer and slice off the plastic bag. Cut slices of butter from the log and place 1 to 2 slices on top of the warm steaks. Divide the bloody mary mixture between 6 large shot glasses or small bowls and serve alongside the steak and salad.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 14 teaspoon celery salt, Few dashes Worcestershire sauce, Juice from 12 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups tomato puree, 14 cup vodka, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, Squeeze of fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 rib eye steaks, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups Italian flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 cups celery leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rib Eye Steaks with Parsley Butter and Bloody Mary Shots, picturelink: L5Kn3VKhqJ1Tuo.z9SWiz0HzfWkfslK}, 54414: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Make the croutons: Toss the bread cubes with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Spread on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until slightly golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the ketchup, mayonnaise and chopped gherkins and juice in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper and whisk in 1 to 2 tablespoons water to thin slightly, if desired.nDivide the Boston and iceberg lettuce among bowls and top with the scallions, cucumber, roast beef, cheese, cabbage, croutons and whole gherkins. Drizzle each salad with 14 cup dressing. Serve with more dressing on the side., ingredients: [6 slices marble rye bread, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup ketchup, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup finely chopped sweet gherkins and 2 tablespoons juice from the jar, plus 12 whole gherkins, 1 small head Boston lettuce, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, torn into bitesize pieces, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 12 English cucumber, cut into 12inch pieces, 34 pound delisliced roast beef, cut into strips, 14 pound delisliced jarlsberg cheese, cut into strips, 1 cup shredded red cabbage], title: Russian Roast Beef Salad, picturelink: ByH9de1BqF3gywRo58dhhNfCXnqKKcm}, 54415: {instructions: Mix the flour, sugar, and lemon peel, in a food processor. Next add the cubed butter, in increments. Pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal, then add the salt. Pulse in the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until moist clumps form. Gather the dough into a ball flatten into a disk. Wrap the dough in plastic and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface to an 11inch round. Transfer the dough onto a heavy baking sheet that has been lined with a silicon pad or parchment paper. Stir the lemon juice into the preserves and spread the preserves on top of dough, leaving a 2inch border. Fold the dough border over the filling to form an 8inch round, pleating loosely and pinching to seal any cracks in the dough.nBake the crostata until the crust is golden, 35 to 40 minutes. Allow to cool. Sprinkle with the almonds and dust with the powdered sugar, if you wish. Slide a metal spatula under the crust to free the crostata from the baking sheet and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, chilled, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons ice water, Flour, for dusting, as needed, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 jar 34 cup strawberry preserves, 1 tablespoon sliced almonds, toasted, Powdered sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Crostata with Strawberry Jam, picturelink: null}, 54416: {instructions: Trim all fat from beef tenderloin. Season with salt and pepper. Sear on all sides. Allow to cool.nCover tenderloin completely with the duxelles mixture. Take a sheet of phyllo and brush with olive oil. Wrap the tenderloin with the phyllo. Tenderloin must be completely covered. Continue this process until all phyllo is depleted. Each piece of phyllo, including the outside layer, must be brushed with olive oil. Place in a preheated 450degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes for medium to medium rare. Remove from oven and slice tenderloin in 8 equal slices. Place equal amount of sauce on each plate and place meat on top of sauce.nIn a small saute pan, melt the butter. Add and saute chopped mushrooms with shallots, herbs, and Chardonnay. Cook until all liquid is evaporated. Add brandy and remove from heat. Place mixture in food processor until pureed. Add foie gras and mix well.nIn a small saute pan, melt the butter. Add and saute garlic, shallots, and fresh herbs. Add Merlot. Reduce slightly. Add veal stock. Bring to a boil. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, reducing mixture to sauce consistency., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, 2 tablespoons Duxelles, recipe follows, 5 sheets phyllo, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, Merlot sauce, recipe follows, 1 ounce butter, 3 tablespoons chopped mushrooms, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, Herbs, 1 tablespoon Chardonnay, 12 tablespoon brandy, 3 tablespoons foie gras, 1 ounce butter, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 small shallot, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs whatever is handy: chives, tarragon, chervil, parsley, etc., 2 tablespoons Merlot, 1 cup veal stock], title: Sir Winstons Beef Phyllo, picturelink: null}, 54417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the piquillo peppers to a food processor and puree.nIn a stand mixer, combine the cream cheese, smoked Gouda and piquillo peppers. Taste and season. If the mixture feels too loose to mold, refrigerate for 30 minutes.nRoll the mixture into 2 balls. Divide the bunch of parsley into 2 parts and place on separate serving plates. Place each cheese ball on top of the parsley sprigs so that the parsley looks like carrot stems. Shape each ball of cheese into a carrot shape and top with some of the Cheddar, pushing the cheese in slightly so it stays.nRefrigerate or serve immediately with crudite or chips., ingredients: [34 cup jarred piquillo peppers, Two 8ounce blocks cream cheese, 8 ounces grated smoked Gouda cheese, Kosher salt, 1 bunch fresh parsley, 2 cups shredded Cheddar, Crudite or chips, for serving], title: Carrot Cheese Dip, picturelink: OMtndTwFkMsxKaGA.5PhPndkBnI9Kl6}, 54418: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine first 7 ingredients in a bowl. Roll each pizza dough out on a cookie sheet, and halve each crosswise. Spread 12 cup mozzarella and up to 14 of filling on each rectangle. Work on just half of the surface of each rectangle of dough, then fold dough over top of filling and pinch edges firmly to seal. For a halfmoon pizza parlor look to your calzones, mound filling into a halfmoon shape, fold dough over top trim edges of dough to follow the rounded shape, then seal edges.nTie strips of dough scraps in knots, brush with garlic oil and sprinkle with grated cheese. Bake knots with calzones.nIf your dough tears, remove a little of the filling and repair. Repeat the process, spacing the calzones evenly on baking sheet. Bake the calzones for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown all over. Serve calzones with warm tomato or pizza sauce for dunking.nCooks Note: Freeze any remaining filling in a small plastic container and use it to stuff a chicken breast on another day.nAdd olive oil to medium saucepan over moderate heat. Add garlic and crushed pepper to the heated olive oil when pepper snaps and garlic sizzles, stir in crushed tomatoes. Season sauce with salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning. Cook for five minutes and stir in parsley. Serve.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [2 cups part skim ricotta, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or a few pinches ground, A few grinds black pepper, 12 cup a couple of handfuls grated Parmigiano, plus extra, for sprinkling, 1 10ounce package frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and squeezed dry, 1 15ounce can quartered artichoke hearts, drained and coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 10ounce tubes refrigerated pizza dough, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, Garlic oil 1 or 2 cloves chopped and heated in 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups tomato sauce, marinara or pizza sauce, for dipping or Five Minute Spicy Marinara, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons two turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic crushed, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 32 ounce can chunky style crushed tomatoes, Salt and pepper, 1 teaspoon Italian dried seasoning, 1 handful Italian parsley leaves, chopped], title: Spinach Artichoke Calzones, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 54419: {instructions: Make the simple syrup: Combine the sugar with 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve. Remove from the heat and let cool. Makes 4 ounces refrigerate up to 1 month.nCombine the whiskey, lemon juice and 12 ounce simple syrup in a cocktail shaker fill with ice. Shake well strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Top with the lager and garnish with lemon twist., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 2 ounces Irish whiskey, 1 ounce fresh lemon juice, Irish lager such as Harp, for topping, Lemon twist, for garnish], title: Double Irish, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 54420: {instructions: In a mediumsize bowl, whisk together raspberry preserves, oil, vinegar, Dijon mustard and salt and pepper. Add scallions and raspberries to vinaigrette. Add diced chicken and toss to combine with vinaigrette. Arrange lettuce on individual plates. Spoon chicken mixture over lettuce just before serving. Serve with nut bread and cream cheese, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup raspberry preserves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced scallion, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 4 cooked chicken breast halves, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 cups chopped Bibb lettuce, Nut bread, Cream cheese], title: RaspberryChicken Salad, picturelink: Sp1wuExqSrWV8dugbXxwhFH46SH.86a}, 54421: {instructions: Combine water, garlic and salt in medium size glass bowl and set aside.nIn a large 12inch saute pan, heat oil to 325 degrees F. Peel plantains and slice crosswise into 1inch pieces. Carefully add plantains to oil and fry until golden yellow in color, about 1 to 1 12 minutes per side. The oil should come halfway up the side of the plantain. With a spider or slotted spoon, remove the plantains from the pan and place them on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper, standing them on their ends. With the back of a wide, wooden spatula, press each piece of plantain down to half its original size. Then place the plantains in the water and let soak for 1 minute. Remove and pat dry with a tea towel to remove excess water.nBring oil back up to 325 degrees F and return plantains to pan and cook until golden brown, approximately 2 to 4 minutes per side. Remove to a dish lined with paper towels, and sprinkle with salt, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups water, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 1 12 cups vegetable or canola oil, 2 green plantains], title: Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 54422: {instructions: Scrub the shellfish clean. Heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a heavy pot over medium heat. Place the clams and mussels in the pot and cover. The shells should be open in about 7 to 10 minutes. discard any that dont Strain and reserve the liquid. Remove the shellfish from the shells and discard the shells. Dice the shrimp, clams, and mussels.nChop 1 clove of the garlic and saute in the remaining tablespoon of oil in a skillet over medium heat do not let it brown. Add the shellfish, parsley, and pepper flakes. Cook for 2 minutes. In a separate pot, combine the tomatoes, wine, and reserved shellfish broth over medium heat. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes, until thickened. Add to the shellfish and cook for 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat.nRub the bread with the remaining 2 garlic cloves and brush with olive oil. Arrange in a single layer on a sheet pan and toast both sides. Top each piece of toast with a portion of the seafood mixture, arrange on a platter and serve warm, ingredients: [8 littleneck clams, 8 small mussels, 6 small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing bread, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, chopped, and drained, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 24 slices Italian bread], title: Crostini of Clams, Mussels, and Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 54423: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the fruit, nuts and granola in a large bowl. To store trail mix, place in an airtight glass container. Keep container in a cool dry place for up to 1 month.nCooks Note: Fruit dried at home should be pliable, but not sticky and you should not be able to squeeze moisture from it. If the mixture becomes soft overnight, your fruit is not dry enough., ingredients: [7 ounces dried fruit, approximately 3 cups, 5 ounces mixed nuts, approximately 1 cup, 3 12 ounces granola, approximately 1 cup], title: Trail Mix, picturelink: rpze8kq1DBmc8HiSQc0sRU0EbDm8G}, 54424: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the croutons: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 14 cup butter in a large skillet over moderate heat and cook until it foams. In a large bowl, pour the butter over the 12 cups cubed bread and toss to coat. Sprinkle with Parmesan and freshly ground black pepper. Toss to season all of the bread. Transfer the bread to a baking sheet.nBake, stirring once or twice, until the croutons are crisp and lightly colored on the outside but still soft within, about 15 minutes. Let cool.nCroutons can be made 1 day ahead and stored in an airtight container.nMichaels Notes: I use a serrated knife to remove the crust from dayold bread, then switch to a chefs knife to cut the cubes because it doesnt tear the bread. Also note that I recommend grating the Parmesan finely so that it will stick to the bread better.nFor the dressing: Melt the butter in a small skillet over moderately low heat. Add the yellow onion and saute until soft, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the vinegar and stir with a wooden spoon to release any browned bits stuck on the bottom of the skillet. Transfer to a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. With the machine running, slowly add 12 cup of the olive oil, then the water. Transfer to a bowl and season with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: Heat a large skillet over high heat. When hot, add 14 cup olive oil. When the oil begins to smoke, sprinkle in the mushrooms. Dont stir Let them sizzle until they have caramelized on the bottom, about 2 minutes. If you toss them too soon, they will release their liquid and begin to steam. When the bottoms are caramelized, toss the mushrooms, reduce the heat to moderate, and continue to cook until well browned. Stir in the thyme and garlic and cook for about 1 minute to release their fragrance. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl, combine the croutons, the mushrooms, and the onion dressing. Toss well to coat. Add the celery, red onion, and arugula or spinach and toss again gently. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Grate fresh Parmesan on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, 12 cups crustfree cubed dayold bread 12inch cubes, 34 cup finely grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 yellow onion, coarsely chopped, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons warm water, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound fresh wild mushrooms, thickly sliced or quartered, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup thinly sliced celery heart on the diagonal, plus some chopped leaves, 14 red onion, very thinly sliced onionsoup style, 2 ounces baby arugula or spinach leaves, Grated Parmesan], title: Autumn Panzanella, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 54425: {instructions: For Remoulade:nCombine all the remoulade ingredients, except scallions in a bowl and stir together with a fork to help break up the capers. Mix in scallion and set aside.nFor Croquettes:nUsing a fork flake the salmon meat away from the skin. Discard skin.nIn a medium bowl, beat egg. To the egg, add the fish fry mix, salmon, hot sauce, and 14 cup of remoulade sauce. Mix well to combine. Form into 8 patties.nPour the remaining fish fry mix into a pie dish or onto a dish. Coat the patties in the remaining fish fry mix and set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat a thin layer of oil over medium to mediumhigh heat. Without crowding pan, cook patties until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes per side.nServe croquettes hot with remaining remoulade sauce., ingredients: [1 14 cups mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 teaspoon crushed garlic, 2 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 2 precooked salmon fillets, about 12 pound, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 34 cup fish fry coating mix, plus more for coating recommended: Kraft, 6 dashes hot sauce, 14 cup remoulade sauce, recipe above, Canola oil, for frying], title: Crispy Salmon Croquettes with Remoulade Sauce, picturelink: eeD9n2fFcAQ4DL6RU9oGW8y7ULCFRMS}, 54426: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace arugula in bowl. Quarter the pear lengthwise and remove the core. Cut into quarters and then in half again. Dress the pear with the juice of 12 lemon, thyme leaves, olive oil, salt and pepper. Place a few leaves of dressed greens on each slice of prosciutto with a slice of pear and roll up into a tight bundle. Cut each bundle in half, to make 16 pieces., ingredients: [1 bundle arugula leaves, 1 ripe bosc pear, 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices prosciutto di Parma], title: Prosciutto with Pears and Arugula, picturelink: oG0GuR7SzGG.zT6wv.9ELMj.eLwOGW}, 54427: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMake the potatoes: Heat the oil in an ovenproof 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring, until soft, about 10 minutes. The potatoes shouldnt brown. Add the onion, rosemary, and thyme, and season with salt and pepper. Cook, covered, until the onions soften, about 5 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to bowl and set aside. The potatoes may be made up to 3 days in advance and refrigerated.nMake the snapper: Heat the oil in the ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Arrange the potatoes in 4 thick mounds in the skillet and scatter the garlic and rosemary around them.nSeason the snapper with salt and pepper. Place 1 fillet on top of each mound. Add the wine, bring to a boil, and cook until reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Pour in the clam broth. Bring to a boil, cover, and braise in the oven until the snapper is barely opaque in the center, about 7 to 8 minutes.nUsing a slotted spatula, transfer the potato mounds topped with the snapper to the center of 4 warmed dinner plates. Return the skillet to high heat and boil until lightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, olives and parsley and cook for 15 seconds. Taste for balance, adding some olive oil or more clam broth, if desired. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon half the sauce over the fish fillets and pour the rest into a warmed sauce boat. Serve immediately, garnished with the lemon slices, with the sauce passed on the side., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound small potatoes, such as ruby crescents, cut into 18inch thick rounds, 1 medium onion, quartered lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, Coarse salt and freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 20 cloves roasted garlic, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 4 7ounce skinon red snapper fillets, Coarse salt and freshly ground white pepper, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 cups clam broth, plus more as needed, 2 ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 16 Kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped about 13 cup, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 8 thinsliced rounds lemon], title: Red Snapper Braised with Rosemary, New Potatoes, and Garlic Confit, picturelink: null}, 54428: {instructions: Soak 18 wooden skewers in water 20 minutes. Thread the watermelon, pineapple and mango cubes on the skewers. Put the skewers in a large ziptop plastic bag, being careful not to puncture the bag add the lime juice, seal and toss gently to incorporate. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes or until ready to use.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium high. Remove the skewers from the bag and place on a baking sheet. Brush the fruit with vegetable oil and place the skewers on the grill. Grill, turning once, until marks appear, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer to a serving platter.nCombine the lime zest, chili powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Sprinkle the seasoning over the grilled fruit.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [12 5to6pound seedless watermelon, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and cut into 1inch cubes, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 2 teaspoons chili powder, Coarse sea salt], title: Grilled Fruit Skewers with Chili and Lime, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 54429: {instructions: Place enough peanut oil in a 4 to 5quart cast iron Dutch oven to come halfway up the side of the pot. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring to 390 to 400 degrees F.nRemove the pickles from their brine and cut lengthwise into quarters, like spears. Lay the spears on a sheet pan lined with paper towels and pat them dry.nPlace the buttermilk in 1 shallow dish and mix together the cornmeal and salt in a separate dish. Dip each pickle, 1 at a time, first into the buttermilk, then into the cornmeal and then repeat. Carefully place each spear into the hot oil and cook until golden brown, approximately 2 minutes. You can fry 3 to 4 pickles in the pot at a time. Adjust the heat, if necessary, in order to maintain a constant temperature of 390 to 400 degrees F. Transfer the pickles to a cooling rack set in a half sheet pan and allow to cool for 5 minutes before eating. Season with additional salt, if desired., ingredients: [Peanut oil, 1 quart dill pickles, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 cups plain cornmeal, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more, if desired], title: DeepFried Pickles, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 54430: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil for easy cleaning and place a wire baking rack on top.nCombine the brown sugar and pecans in a food processor and process until the pecans are finely ground. Add the salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper and pulse to combine. Add the maple syrup and pulse again to moisten the crumbs.nCut each bacon slice in half crosswise and line up the pieces on the baking rack without touching. With a small spoon, evenly spread the pecan mixture on top of each piece of bacon, using all of the mixture. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until the topping is very browned but not burnt. If its underbaked, the bacon wont crisp as it cools.nWhile its hot, transfer the bacon to a plate lined with paper towels and set aside to cool. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 cup chopped or whole pecans, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 12 pound thicksliced applewoodsmoked bacon, such as Nodines], title: Caramelized Bacon, picturelink: 4c54eUKNXV2w2bfvFo81oxtkXK.5JAG}, 54431: {instructions: Put the canola oil in a small pot to go 12inch up the sides and heat to 300 degrees F. Add the plantain rounds and fry until dark golden brown an all sides. Remove plantains to paper towels.nMelt the sugar in a clean pot over mediumhigh heat and stir until it turns into a brown caramel and all lumps are melted. Carefully add the vinegar and stir until the caramel is dissolved. Add the cinnamon, cloves, lime zest, and water. Reduce this liquid to a caramel. Then carefully fold in the plantains. Continue to cook at a mediumlow temperature basting 2 minutes. Add the butter and mix it carefully into the caramel and plantains. Serve.nNote: This dish is excellent with Roast Pork, Ropa Vieja, Carne Desmenuzada and a simple Roasted Chicken.nPlantains are as important to any Venezuelan as corn is to the people of Mexico. In Caracas and Maracaibo there are many ways to prepare plantains, since they are served almost every day on the dinner table with a protein and of course...white rice. This delightful recipe has been carried for many generations in traditional Venezuelan households. For anybody that has never taste them in temptation sauce, after you have one you will realize why they call it Plantains in Temptation Sauce. test, ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 2 very ripe plantains, peeled and cut into 1inch rounds, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup Sherry wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon cloves, 1 12 teaspoons grated lime zest, 34 cup water, 2 12 tablespoons butter, diced into cubes], title: Plantains Glazed with Temptation Caramel: Platanos en Tentacion, picturelink: null}, 54432: {instructions: For the gnocchi: In a large stock pot over high heat, boil the potatoes, salt, smashed garlic, and roughly chopped onions until the potatoes are fork tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain and return to the pot to allow the water to cook off, 5 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and heat until shimmering. Add the diced onion and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the minced garlic and saute for 1 minute more. Add the spinach and cook for 3 minutes. Add the wine and cook until the spinach is wilted, 5 minutes, stirring often. Place the mixture in a strainer set over a bowl to catch the liquids as it drains off, applying pressure gently a few times to accelerate liquid removal. Reserve 12 cup liquid.nWhen the potatoes are dry and slightly cooled, roughly cut them and pass through a food mill or ricer. Set aside. Guys tip: after ricing the potatoes, spread them out on a baking sheet and allow them to dry out even more to remove moisture.nIn a food processor bowl fitted with the bottom blade, add the strained spinach, pulse to puree, and then add the egg and egg yolk, flour, nutmeg, and Parmesan. Pulse until well mixed. Place into a large bowl and gently fold in the riced potatoes, gently stirring until just combined. You will have very soft dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured board and roll into a 1 12inch thick snake. Dust the dough lightly with flour and cut into 1 12inch pieces. Roll each piece gently with your thumb, leaving a small indentation on 1 side of the gnocchi. Place the finished gnocchi on a lightly floured, parchment paperlined baking sheet. Guys tip: if you have time, let the gnocchi rest in the refrigerator or freezer until chilled prior to cooking. It will help the gnocchi hold its shape better.nFill a large stock pot 34 full with water, place over high heat, add 1 tablespoon kosher salt, and bring to a rapid boil.nMeanwhile, for the sauce: Wipe clean the same pan that the spinach was cooked in and place over mediumhigh heat. Add 3 tablespoons butter and melt. Add the garlic and chile flakes and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Deglaze with the wine, reduce for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the stock, reserved spinach liquid, halfandhalf, and cheese and reduce an additional 3 minutes. Add the pepper, tomatoes, and remaining 2 tablespoons butter.nWhen the sauce is ready, add the gnocchi to the boiling water and cook for 3 12 minutes. Remove, drain, and let rest for 5 minutes. Add to the sauce and garnish with Parmesan and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Freeze any leftover gnocchi for a later meal., ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, plus 4 cloves, minced, 1 onion, peeled, 12 roughly chopped and 12 cut into small dice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cups packed baby spinach, 3 tablespoons white wine, 1 egg, 1 egg yolk, 1 13 cup flour, plus bench flour, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 13 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 tablespoons butter, divided, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes, 13 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup halfandhalf, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 Roma tomato, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, Grated Parmesan, for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil, for garnish], title: Spinach Gnocchi, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 54433: {instructions: Add the ice, limeade and tequila to a blender and blend until combined., ingredients: [2 cups ice, One 12ounce can frozen limeade, 6 ounces tequila], title: Margarita, picturelink: L8skda6vcemUCafSOb18QQKkCawD7u}, 54434: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the mustard and oil with a fork. Add the maple syrup, vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and stir briskly until combined.n2. Salt the flank steak on both sides and spoon half the marinade over the steak. Allow to marinate at room temperature, about 15 minutes.n3. In the meantime, wash the endive, pat dry, and cut into quarters, keeping the stems intact. Lay the endive on a baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil and salt to taste. Roast until the endive begins to soften and brown at the edges, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with the lemon juice and garnish with parsley.n4. Turn the oven up to broil. Place the flank steak in the broiler and broil for 4 minutes. Flip and broil until nicely charred and an instant read thermometer reads 110 degrees F, about 4 minutes on the other side. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing.n5. Slice the steak across the grain and spoon the remaining marinade over top. Serve with the endive and more mustard on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup maple syrup, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds flank steak, 4 small heads endive, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Maple Glazed Flank Steak with Roasted Endive, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 54435: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill to medium.n2. For walnut dressing: Whisk vinegar, mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, and black pepper in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in oils until smooth and slightly thick. Stir in shallot and thyme.n3. For salad: Lightly brush figs with olive oil and grill, turning occasionally, until soft and lightly charred, about 6 minutes. Remove from grill and season with salt and black pepper to taste. Brush sliced bread with olive oil and grill until lightly toasted.n4. Toss frisee, watercress, and walnuts with dressing. Add goat cheese and toss lightly. Divide salad among 4 plates, top with warm figs, and serve with toasted bread., ingredients: [1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons walnut oil, 1 tablespoon finely minced shallot about 12 shallot, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 8 ripe black or green fresh figs, halved, Olive oil for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 diagonally cut baguette slices, 1 medium head frisee, leaves separated, and torn about 8 cups, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed about 3 cups, 14 cup walnuts, toasted and roughly chopped, 4 ounces slightly aged goat cheese, such as Bucheron, rind trimmed and cheese crumbled], title: Fig  Goat Cheese Salad, picturelink: null}, 54436: {instructions: In a jar combine all of the ingredients. Use to sauce roasted, grilled or broiled meats and poultry. This is strong so use sparingly., ingredients: [1 cup sherry wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup hot paprika, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, slightly crushed, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 bay leaf whole, Salt to taste], title: Lean Sauce for Grilled Foods, picturelink: null}, 54437: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice and pour in the gin, lime juice and simple syrup. Stir vigorously with a long cocktail spoon until very cold.nStrain into a chilled coupe or martini glass, or strain over a rocks glass filled with ice, depending on preference. Garnish with the cucumber wheel and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 34 ounce simple syrup, Cucumber wheel or lime wedge, for garnish], title: Classic Gin Gimlet, picturelink: ZLRuaqYg1efNQBSpKuSDmFIStS5xPGy}, 54438: {instructions: Fry the onions, peppers, and celery in 12 tablespoon of the butter. Add vermouth and turn heat halfway down. Add the remaining butter and let melt. Add hot sauce, Worcestershire, and lemon juice. Add bread crumbs and 12 cup of reserved clam juice. Remove mixture from heat and cool.nPlace the stuffing mixture in the shells on top of each clam and sprinkle with parsley. Top with 34 slice of bacon. In a mediumhot cast iron pan or griddle pan, place clams, bacon side down, and cook until browned and bacon is crispy. Flip over and cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [4 tablespoons diced onion, 4 tablespoons diced red and green bell peppers, 2 tablespoons diced celery, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons dry vermouth, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 cup bread crumbs, 36 littleneck clams, shucked, juice and shells reserved, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 slices bacon], title: Clams Casino, picturelink: null}, 54439: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a large pot with enough water to come 2 inches up the sides of the pot. Set a steamer rack in the pot, cover, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Add the potato chunks and cook until they are very tender, about 18 minutes. Transfer the potatoes to a medium bowl and mash until smooth.nPlace broccoli into steamer rack and steam over medium heat until the broccoli is very tender, about 12 minutes. Transfer the broccoli to the bowl of a food processor. Add the broth, cream cheese, and Parmesan. Process until the broccoli is pureed and almost smooth.nStir the broccoli puree into the mashed potato and blend well. Season the puree to taste with salt and pepper, and serve., ingredients: [1 large russet potato, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 pound broccoli florets, 12 cup chicken broth, 4 ounces cream cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broccoli Puree, picturelink: GeDdv0ewLImWwvBorIBwQlBbpvB.iG}, 54440: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the celery and scallions and cook until slightly softened, 2 minutes. Add the cranberries and sage and cook 2 minutes. Add the bread and cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes. Add 12 cup chicken broth and the parsley and stir until the broth is absorbed, 1 minute. Season with salt and pepper transfer to a bowl. Wipe out the skillet. Holding a knife parallel to the cutting board, cut a deep 2inchwide pocket into the side of each pork chop. Season the chops on both sides with salt and pepper and fill the pockets evenly with the stuffing. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chops and cook until golden brown, 2 minutes per side. Add 12 cup chicken broth reduce the heat to medium low. Cover and cook until the chops are cooked through, about 5 more minutes. Transfer to plates. Add the remaining 34 cup broth and the cream to the skillet and increase the heat to medium high. Simmer, stirring, until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Season with salt and pepper and pour over the chops.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, 34 cup chopped scallions, 34 cup dried cranberries, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 4 slices potato bread, cubed about 2 12 cups, 1 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 bonein centercut pork chops about 3 pounds, 3 tablespoons heavy cream], title: CranberryStuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 54441: {instructions: Put all ingredients in a cocktail shaker shake well. Serve in 4 ounce cocktail glasses with a slice of lemon or lime and sugar on the rim., ingredients: [1 cup Pisco, 4 teaspoons sugar, Juice of 2 lemons or limes, 1 egg white, Crushed ice, Lemon or lime slices for garnish], title: Pisco Sour, picturelink: null}, 54442: {instructions: Special equipment: a stand mixer with a paddle attachment and a pressure cookernFor the octopus: Combine the octopus and 1 cup salt in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Turn the mixer to high and tenderize the octopus for 5 minutes.nCombine the chicken stock, onion, garlic, ginger, lemon, soy sauce, olive oil, sambal chile paste, crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper in a pressure cooker. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Remove the octopus from the stand mixer and rinse it well to remove the salt. Add the octopus to the pressure cooker, seal the lid and cook the octopus over medium heat until tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the sauce: Combine the oyster sauce, vinegar, garlic, ginger, sesame oil and sambal chili paste in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat.nRemove the octopus from the pressure cooker and discard the cooking liquid.nHeat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat and oil the grates. Grill the octopus, brushing with the sauce and turning once, until charred, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nFor the salad: Combine the vegetable oil, vinegar and sesame oil in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the watercress, cabbage, pepper, cucumber, onion and lemon zest and toss to coat with the dressing. Divide the salad among 4 plates. Top each salad with a few pieces of the octopus., ingredients: [1 12 pounds cleaned octopus tentacles, 1 cup plus 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 large yellow onion, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 oneinch piece fresh ginger, sliced, 1 lemon, halved, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons sambal chile paste, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon sambal chili paste, Vegetable oil, for the grill pan, 2 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, 1 12 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 1 bunch watercress, 2 cups thinly sliced Napa cabbage, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Wiggly Meaty Octo Awesome, picturelink: .uM0VKPHN3.LP8RtqRDBNzXGFSnqcWi}, 54443: {instructions: Lay out 8 wonton wrappers on counter in front of you. Paint each one lightly with beaten egg. Place 1 tablespoon filling in the center of each ravioli. Seal by placing 8 additional wonton wrappers on top to cover each square. Pick up each ravioli and press well all around edges to seal. For a good seal, make sure no filling is stuck in the edges. Square ravioli can be left as is or cut into festive shapes stars, hearts etc. with a medium cookie cutter. Place the ravioli upside down on a cookie sheet lined with parchment. Lay out 8 more wrappers and repeat the process until either wrappers or filling is gone. Lay additional parchment or plastic wrap between layers of ravioli as needed as you lay them on the cookie sheet. The entire cookie sheet can be wrapped well and refrigerated for 1 to 2 days.nWhen ready to cook ravioli, bring large pot of salted water to a boil. Lower heat to a simmer, give the water a good stir to form a whirlpool effect and quickly drop in 12 to 15 raviolis one by one, stirring gently to separate them as they hit the water. Poach gently 2 to 3 minutes, or until ravioli puff up, float to the surface and are opaque in the center in the case of raw poultry or fish fillings Remove ravioli from pot with a slotted spoon and reserve. Cook remaining ravioli in same manner. Serve with sauce, butter, or oil, or in broth, and with or without cheese., ingredients: [50 wonton wrappers about 1 12 packages, 1 egg, beaten with 1 teaspoon of water, 1 cup ravioli filling grownup version can be prepared in advance], title: Wonton Skin Raviolis, picturelink: null}, 54444: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9by5by3inch metal loaf pan, chillednFor the ice cream: Whisk together the condensed milk, cocoa powder, vanilla and salt in a large bowl. The mixture will become very thick set aside.nWhip the cream with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until firm peaks form, about 2 minutes. Fold about 1 cup of the whipped cream into the cocoa mixture with a rubber spatula until combined, then fold the lightened mixture into the whipped cream until well blended. Pour into a chilled 9by5by3inch metal loaf pan, and freeze, covered, until thick and creamy, like softserve, about 2 hours. Swirl in any desired mixins with a spoon. Continue to freeze, covered, until solid and scoopable, about 3 hours more., ingredients: [One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 2 cups heavy cream, cold, Rocky Road: 12 cup chocolatecovered almonds, crushed, and 23 cup mini marshmallows, Malted: two 5ounce boxes chocolate malted milk balls, halved or coarsely chopped, Smoky and Spicy: 1 tablespoon chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, chopped], title: NoChurn Chocolate Ice Cream, picturelink: 9.qJlYGPwVHz9ztS23frN3BIYLIScli}, 54445: {instructions: Boil potato until soft. Drain and reserve cooking liquid. Rice the potato through a food mill.nScald milk and combine with 12 cup reserved cooking liquid. Combine liquids and potato with lard, butter, salt, and sugar in a large bowl. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nMeanwhile combine yeast and warm water, and set aside until foamy. When potato mixture has cooled, add yeast mixture. Add flour and knead with a dough hook, or an electric mixer, until smooth and glossy, about 7 minutes.nTransfer to a buttered bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and set aside in warm place to rise about 12 hour. Punch dough down and briefly knead. Butter a 9 x 5 x 3inch loaf pan. Place dough in pan, cover with plastic, and let rise until doubled, about 45 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Bake 30 minutes, until bread sounds hollow when tapped., ingredients: [1 baking potato, peeled and cut into large chunks, or 1 cup leftover mashed potatoes 1 cup milk, 1 12 tablespoons lard, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon dry yeast, 13 cup warm water, 5 cups bread flour], title: Potato Bread, picturelink: null}, 54446: {instructions: For the sour mix: Mix together the lemon juice, simple syrup and lime juice. Cover and refrigerate until cold.nFor the apricotmint sours: Muddle the sugar and mint leaves in a pitcher. Add the sour mix, gin and apricot nectar and mix until combined.nServe in rocks glasses over crushed ice and garnish with mint sprigs and an apricot wedge if using., ingredients: [1 cup fresh lemon juice, 34 cup simple syrup, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 12 fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs, for garnish, 12 ounces gin, Splash of apricot nectar, Sliced fresh apricots, for garnish, optional], title: ApricotMint Sours, picturelink: nwZYmBTYvMHXeApq5GvK82UwbjzKjIC}, 54447: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLay the ribs on baking sheets and generously season with TownLine BBQ Rub on the top and bottom of the meat, shaking off any excess rub.nPreheat an indirect smoker or charcoal grill with hard wood lump charcoal to a temperature of 225 degrees. Once the grill is to temperature, add chunks of hickory or oak for smoke. Allow the wood to burn down to maintain your 225 degree temperature.nPlace the ribs in the prepared smoker and close the cover. For a home grill, add a little wood to the coals and offset the fire to one side of the grill and cover. Do not touch for 1 hour.nMeanwhile, to make the Texas Mop Sauce, combine the TownLine BBQ Texas Mop Base with the TownLine BBQ Sauce. After one hour open the smoker and baste the ribs meat side up with a generous brush of Texas Mop Sauce and sprinkle evenly with TownLine BBQ Rub. Close the smoker and set a timer for 30 minutes and repeat the step. Continue to do this for 3 hours. Remove the ribs from the smoker and serve.nTo reheat, baste the ribs with Texas Mop Sauce and put on a grill and cook over medium heat for approximately 15 minutes.nMix all the ingredients together in a bowl. Use immediately, or store the rub in a tightly sealed container for up to 3 months.nCombine the ingredients in a bowl. Yield: 5 cups.nIn a heavy bottom 5 quart sauce pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 5 minutes. Add the onion and cook for an additional 5 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients, bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes on low heat, stirring frequently not to burn. Remove from the heat and cool., ingredients: [3 St. Louie style pork ribs, 2.5 pounds each, 2 cups TownLine BBQ Rub see recipe, 2 cups TownLine BBQ Texas Mop Base see recipe, 1 cup store bought or TownLine BBQ Sauce see recipe, 12 cup paprika, 13 cup kosher salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons mustard powder, 14 cup chili powder, 14 cup ground cumin, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 14 cup garlic powder, 12 tablespoon cayenne powder, 4 cups canola oil, 1 cup apple juice, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 14 pound butter, 12 cup minced garlic, 34 cup minced onion, 2 lemons, zested and chopped zest only, 5 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 13 cups ketchup, 1 cup tomato juice, 34 cup light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons molasses, 8 tablespoons Worcestershire Sauce, 12 cup chili powder, 4 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons chipotle puree, 3 cups water, Pinch of salt], title: TownLine BBQ Pork Ribs, picturelink: EafnGkt4jAkW12dO6N3VXXbeQi1Ud8q}, 54448: {instructions: HEAT oven to 375 degrees F. Coat 12 muffin cups with nostick cooking spray.nCOMBINE 1 34 cups flour, baking powder, salt and lemon peel in large bowl. Make a well in center of mixture. Stir together sweetened condensed milk, egg, melted butter and milk. Add to dry ingredients, stirring just until moistened. Fold in raspberries. Spoon batter into prepared pan, filling cups twothirds full.nCOMBINE remaining 14 cup flour, sugar and cinnamon. Cut in 2 tablespoons butter with a pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle evenly over batter.nBAKE 18 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from pans immediately.nOne cup frozen raspberries may be used instead of fresh. Thaw, rinse and drain. Pat dry with paper towels., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, divided, 1 tsp. baking powder, 14 tsp. salt, 2 tsps. grated lemon peel, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 large egg, 14 cup butter, melted, 14 cup milk, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 13 cup sugar, 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, 2 tbsps. butter], title: Raspberry Streusel Muffins, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 54449: {instructions: null, ingredients: [1 cup sugar], title: 44646, picturelink: null}, 54450: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.n2. Place hazelnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet. Toast in the oven until the skins are almost black and the meat is dark brown, about 15 minutes. Stir the nuts halfway through baking to ensure an even color.n3. To remove skins, wrap cooled hazelnuts in a clean kitchen towel. Rub until most of the skins come off.n4. Line a baking sheet with foil.n5. Combine sugar and water in a 3 to 4 cup 720960 ml saucepan. Cover and bring the mixture to a simmer over medium heat. Remove the lid and wipe down the sides of the pan with a wet pastry brush or a scrunchedup paper towel dipped in water. Cover and cook for 2 minutes or until the sugar is completely dissolved. Uncover and cook until the syrup looks like pale amber maple syrup.n6. Immediately pour the caramel onto the lined baking sheet. Tilt the sheet to spread the caramel as thinly as possible. Let harden completely, about 15 minutes.n7. Break cooled caramel into small pieces and place into the Vitamix container and secure lid.n8. Select Variable 1.n9. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 5.n10. Blend for 15 seconds. Stop machine and remove lid.n11. Add the nuts to the Vitamix container and secure lid.n12. Select Variable 1.n13. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n14. Blend for 1 minute, using the tamper to press the ingredients into the blades. Stop machine and remove lid to scrape down the sides. Continue blending until nuts are free flowing.n15. Add remaining ingredients to the Vitamix container and secure lid.n16. Select Variable 1.n17. Turn machine on and slowly increase speed to Variable 10, then to High.n18. Blend for 2 minutes using the tamper to press the ingredients into the blades., ingredients: [1 cup 200 g sugar, 12 cup 120 ml water, 4 cups 540 g raw hazelnuts, 12 cup 43 g unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons 30 ml light olive oil, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Vitamix Chocolate Hazelnut Spread, picturelink: RrcZJt9vdGg2W6FcPWy9O66lnDZOOy}, 54451: {instructions: Heat a very large, deep skillet over medium heat. Add all the spinach with the water still clinging to its leaves, even if you have to firmly pack it in. Cover the pan tightly weight the lid down, if necessary. Leave the spinach to cook for about 2 minutes, then turn it over so that the wilted leaves are on the top. Cover and repeat the process 2 or 3 times more, until all the spinach is nicely wilted. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature.nSqueeze the spinach dry with your hands a little at a time, squeezing as much liquid as possible from the leaves. Chop the spinach leaves coarsely and set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon, to make a loose paste. Cook for about 2 minutes, until foamy, but do not let it brown. Remove from the heat. As soon as the paste has stopped foaming, whisk in the hot milk all at once and continue whisking until thoroughly blended. Return to the heat and stir slowly, reaching into all the corners of the pan, until the sauce comes to a simmer. Simmer for about 2 minutes, still stirring, until the sauce has thickened, then add the cream, salt, and pepper, and stir for 1 minute more. Remove the pan from the heat and stir it every minute or two while you finish the dish to prevent a skin from forming.nIn the same skillet where the spinach was cooked, well dried, heat the olive oil over mediumlow heat. Add the onion and saute, stirring occasionally, for 7 to 8 minutes or until translucent. Add the cooked spinach and the white sauce to the pan and stir together over medium heat until well mixed and heated through. Finally, stir in the cheese, taste for seasoning, and transfer to a heated and covered serving dish., ingredients: [4 large bunches spinach, leaves only, well washed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups hot milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely diced, 12 cup grated anejo cheese], title: Creamed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 54452: {instructions: Combine all of the marinade ingredients in a bowl. Place the guinea hen in a large, deep bowl, pour the marinade over and inside the hen, cover the bowl, and marinate, refrigerated, overnight, turning occasionally to ensure that all parts of the bird are covered.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees. Remove the hen from the marinade. Reserve the marinade. Put the hen in a roasting pan and brush with 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Turn the hen breastside down in the pan and roast for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes, turn the hen onto its back, decrease the oven temperature to 325 degrees, and roast for 1 hour. While the hen is roasting, place the reserved marinade in a saucepan, bring to a boil, and reduce to approximately 14 cup. When the hen has 15 minutes left to cook, pour the reduced marinade over the hen and return it to the oven for its final 15 minutes of cooking. Remove from the oven, and let the hen rest for 10 or 15 minutes before dividing into serving portions., ingredients: [12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 3 bay leaves, One 3 12 to 4 pound guinea hen, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Roast Guinea Hen, picturelink: null}, 54453: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSift the flour with the baking powder, salt, and sugar and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, mix together the eggs, butter, orange juice, brandy, vanilla, and anise seeds until well blended. Add the dry ingredients all at once and mix on low speed until the dough cleans the sides of the bowl and adheres to the paddle.nRemove the dough from the bowl onto a floured board. Knead by hand until smooth. Form the dough into a ball, flatten slightly, and place in a bowl. Cover with a tea towel and chill at least 2 hours or up to overnight to allow the dough to relax.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer or deep pot to 350 degrees F.nMeanwhile, cut the dough into 4 or 6 equal pieces. Keeping the dough and work surface well floured, pass the dough through the widest setting of a pasta machine 3 or 4 times. Then pass through successively narrower settings until the dough is almost thin enough to see through depending on your pasta machine, this will probably be the next to thinnest setting.nCut the dough into long strips 3 inches wide, then cut the strips on the diagonal into pieces about 3 inches long. If the dough tears, cut it off and work it back into the dough. The cookies curl when they fry, so fancier shapes are not important. As the cookies are cut, transfer them to baking sheets lined with flourdusted tea towels, and cover with tea towels so they wont dry out before frying. Fry in batches, turning once, until puffed and golden brown, about 1 minute. Transfer with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain.nWhile the cookies are still hot, dust them well with powdered sugar. Wait for a few minutes while the oil and heat absorb and melt most of this first coating. Dust well a second time until the cookies are quite white. The cookies will keep for a week or so in an airtight container. You may need to redust them with sugar before serving.nOnly a few cookies at a time will fit, even in a big pot, so frying takes time. It is best to have company in the kitchen, ready with lots of good talk to keep you amused. And there are always the warm cookies to eat along the way as a reward. You can also dredge the cookies in granulated sugar, crystal sugar, or even a mix of powdered sugar and unsweetened cocoa powder., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting work surface, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled briefly, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 12 tablespoons brandy, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon ground anise seeds, 4 to 6 cups peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying, About 2 cups powdered sugar], title: Bugia, or Liars Cookies, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 54454: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, mix the pestos together thoroughly with a fork until combined. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the pesto mixture on 1 side of both pieces of the bread and spread evenly with a butter knife.nPreheat a griddle or nonstick pan over medium heat. Place the slices of prosciutto flat on the griddle to heat through and until slightly brown at the edges. Place 2 slices mozzarella on 1 of the slices of pesto bread. Top with the tomato slices, the cooked prosciutto and the remaining 2 slices mozzarella. Finish by topping with the other slice of bread, pesto side down.nSpray the sandwich on 1 side with the olive oil spray. With a spatula, place the sandwich, sprayed side down, on the griddle. When sandwich is on the griddle, spray the other side.nWhen the cheese begins to melt on 1 side, use the spatula to flip the sandwich. Cook about 5 minutes on the other side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red pesto jarred or homemade, 2 tablespoons green pesto jarred or homemade, 2 pieces white sourdough sandwich bread, 2 slices prosciutto, 4 slices mozzarella delisized slices, divided, 3 slices red beefsteak tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil spray], title: Guy Cooks With Kids: Duncans Pesto and Mozzarella Sandwich, picturelink: E6qwLWw2Di6XJcpPNChc8D6kKSitAyy}, 54455: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the muffins: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 24 minimuffin cups with 1 12inch paper liners. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, sieve together the flours, salt, baking powder, baking soda, and cinnamon. Add any solids leftover in the sieve to the bowl and mix in.nIn a separate medium bowl, whisk together the oil, syrup, and egg. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just combined. Mix in the grated carrot, grated zucchini, and raisins.nUsing 2 small spoons, fill the prepared muffin cups 34 full with the batter and bake until light golden, about 15 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes. Transfer the muffins to a wire rack to cool completely, about 30 minutes.nFor the frosting: In a small bowl, mix together the cream cheese and honey until smooth.nTo serve: Spread the cooled muffins with frosting, if using, and serve., ingredients: [1 cup almond flour, 14 cup brown rice flour, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 13 cup grapeseed oil, 13 cup maple syrup, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 12 cup grated carrots from1 medium peeled carrot, 12 cup grated zucchini from 1 medium unpeeled zucchini, 12 cup raisins, 1 cup whipped cream cheese, at room temperature about 8 ounces, 1 12 tablespoons honey], title: Carrot and Zucchini MiniMuffins, picturelink: oqx3d9sMOJ8M80chn8Y5rxqEuintXca}, 54456: {instructions: Lay three layers of cheesecloth over a colander.nAdd the milk to a large heavy pot and place over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the lemon juice and salt and heat until an instantread thermometer reaches 175 degrees F. The milk will begin to just bubble and start to steam. At this temperature youll begin to see the curds separate from the whey. Be mindful of over stirring the ricotta while the curds are forming, you dont want to make your ricotta stiff. Let it sit for 5 minutes undisturbed and you will be left with a very creamy and pleasant finished result.nGently remove the curds from the pot to the colander. Use the side of the cheesecloth to very gently release some of the liquid. Tie up the curds using butchers twine and let drain for 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from the cheesecloth and place in a bowl. Serve warm on toasted bread with lemon zest and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, plus the zest of 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 baguette, sliced and toasted, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving], title: Fresh Ricotta Crostini, picturelink: null}, 54457: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Ice cream machinenWhisk the sugar, salt and yolks in a heavy medium stainless steel or enamel saucepan. Gradually whisk in the cream. Then whisk in the milk, buttermilk and citrus zests. Using a wooden spoon, stir the custard constantly over medium heat until it thickens enough to coat the back of the spoon and a thermometer registers between 180 and 185 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes.nImmediately scrape the custard into a 4cup measuring cup mix in the rum. Refrigerate uncovered until cold, about 3 hours, stirring occasionally to prevent a skin from forming. Cover until ready to freeze can be made 1 day in advance.nFreeze the custard in an ice cream machine according to manufacturers instructions.nWhile the custard is freezing in the ice cream machine, peel and trim the ends from the zested orange. Using a paring knife, cut along the membrane on both sides of each segment. Free the segments onto a cutting board. Cut the segments into 12inch pieces. During the last 10 minutes of freezing time, add the orange segments.nTransfer to a container cover and freeze until ready to serve., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 6 large eggs yolks, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup whole milk, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 orange, zested, orange reserved, Zest of 1 lemon, Zest of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon white rum or vodka], title: Citrus Gelato, picturelink: 8o.PJQQQvLkGa1ypHoT9ZtkKBG7IDi}, 54458: {instructions: In a food processor, combine milk, raspberries and vanilla extract. Process until smooth.nTransfer mixture to a shallow dish or bowl and cover with plastic. Freeze until firm.nNote: For a smoother texture, puree frozen sherbet in food processor and refreeze until firm., ingredients: [2 cups lowfat milk, 2 cups frozen raspberries or 1 10ounce bag, thawed, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Red Raspberry Sherbet, picturelink: null}, 54459: {instructions: Heat a couple of inches of vegetable oil in a heavy pot or Dutch oven over medium to mediumlow heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 340 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. In a separate bowl, beat the eggs with a fork, then add the milk, melted butter and vanilla. Gently fold the dry and wet ingredients together until just combined do not overmix. Fold in the apples, adding enough to make a very chunky batter.nDrop heaping tablespoons of batter into the hot oil, 6 to 8 at a time. Fry until golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Dust generously with powdered sugar and serve warm with sausage and bacon, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 14 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and cut into small dice, Powdered sugar, for dusting, optional, Serving suggestions: breakfast sausage and bacon], title: Apple Fritters, picturelink: c24gWKsZeKAfcdqf1xjfUZuCmy934VG}, 54460: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nTrim the ham by removing the outer skinrind, leaving a 14inch of fat. Score the fat layer with a paring knife in a diamond pattern.nPut the ham, cut side down, in a roasting pan or large baking dish. Add 1 12 cups of water and cover with foil. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour.nMeanwhile make the glaze by whisking all of the remaining ingredients together in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Simmer, stirring often, to infuse flavors and to thin the preserves, about 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside 14 cup of the glaze.nRemove the foil after the ham has cooked for 1 hour and brush it with the glaze, working it into the scores. Bake the ham, uncovered, another 40 minutes, basting again after 10 minutes. Remove the ham from the oven when an internal temperature of 140 degrees F is reached on an instantread thermometer. Transfer the ham to carving board and it let rest for 10 to 15 minutes.nSkim off as much of the fat as possible and then whisk in the reserved 14 cup of glaze. Bring the pan to a boil over medium heat, then reduce the heat and simmer until the desired consistency is reached. Strain into a warmed gravy dish for a smooth sauce, if desired. Thinly slice the ham and arrange it on a serving platter. Serve with the gravy on the side., ingredients: [1 10pound cooked bonein ham, preferably shank end, at room temperature, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup fig preserves, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup Kentucky bourbon], title: Fig Glazed Ham, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 54461: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to high. Place potatoes in a large pot with the yellow onion and cover with cold water. Cook, on the grates of the grill, or on a burner, until tender. Drain, discard the onion, and cut the potatoes into cubes when cool enough to handle. Place the potatoes in a large bowl and cover to keep warm.nPlace a large saute pan on the grates of the grill. Add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towellined plate. Add the red onion to the rendered bacon fat and cook until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully add the vinegar and mustard and cook for 2 more minutes. Whisk in the oil and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Add the hot dressing to the potatoes and toss gently to coat. Fold in the green onions and parsley. Season again with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 pounds new potatoes, 1 yellow onion, quartered, 12 pound bacon, diced, 1 large red onion, diced, 34 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup canola oil or olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 green onions, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: German Potato Salad, picturelink: Z4VJaO2LQWuLOXzuBdawrvPle2V3cDi}, 54462: {instructions: Set couscous in a bowl. Pour boiling broth or water over it and let steep for 12 hour.nRight before eating, heat some olive oil in a skillet. Add couscous and cook, stirring constantly, until couscous is warmed through.nRemove it from the heat and add mint and fresh tomatoes season to taste with salt and pepper.nSet couscous in a bowl. Pour boiling broth or water over it and let steep for 12 hour.nRight before eating, heat some olive oil in a skillet. Add couscous and cook, stirring constantly, until couscous is warmed through.nRemove it from the heat and add mint and fresh tomatoes season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup dried couscous, 1 14 cups hot boiling chicken broth or water, Olive oil, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 14 inch dice, Salt and pepper, 1 cup dried couscous, 1 14 cups hot boiling chicken broth or water, Olive oil, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 4 plum tomatoes, seeded and cut into 14 inch dice, Salt and pepper], title: Minted Couscous, picturelink: null}, 54463: {instructions: In a large salad bowl, crush the tomatoes with a wooden spoon and add the onion, garlic, and water. Season with salt, extravirgin olive oil, and lemon juice. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [8 ripe tomatoes, quartered, 12 purple onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, crushed, Splash water, Salt, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Colazione del Contadino: Farmers Breakfast, picturelink: null}, 54464: {}, 54465: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd half of the melted butter to the bottom of a 9inch cake pan and sprinkle with the brown sugar. Drain the pineapple rings and reserve 12 cup of the juice. Lay the pineapple rings on top in a concentric pattern, overlapping slightly. Place the cherries in the center of each of the pineapple rings.nWhisk together the remaining melted butter, reserved pineapple juice, eggs and sugar in a medium bowl until smooth. In another large bowl, whisk to combine the flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt. Add the wet to the dry and mix together until just combined.nPour the batter over the pineapple rings and bake on a sheet tray until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes.nCool the cake in its pan for 25 minutes. Run a knife along the edges to loosen. Place a plate over the top and carefully flip the cake out of the pan., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, melted and cooled, 1 cup light brown sugar, One 20.5ounce can pineapple rings, in natural juices, Maraschino cherries, stemmed, 2 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon table salt], title: Pineapple UpsideDown Grit Cake, picturelink: Qo4G5DfdVG2hqqamkba23Nq9TpINOi}, 54466: {instructions: In a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium high heat. Pat fillets dry and season with black pepper. Carefully place fillets in pan and quickly brown on both sides. Transfer to baking dish and place in 200 degree oven and bake for 10 to12 minutes.nAdd 1 tablespoon olive oil to same pan and cook onion for 1 minute. Stir in garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add tomatoes and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in olives, parsley and red pepper flakes.nRemove fish from oven and place on serving plates. Top with sauce and serve with parsley buttered noodles, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound grouper fillets, 12 onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups chopped canned tomatoes, 12 cup pitted cured black olives, 3 tablespoons parsley, Dash of red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper], title: Grouper Provencal ala Derek, picturelink: null}, 54467: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter the ramekins and pour 1 tablespoon of granulated sugar in each. Turn them to let the sugar stick to the butter, and then pour out the excess. Place the ramekins on a sheet pan.nUsing a stand mixer, start whisking the egg whites on low speed. Slowly add 1 13 cups of the granulated sugar and the cream of tartar. Continue to whisk until medium peaks form.nMelt the chocolate with the 2 sticks butter in a double boiler, stirring continuously for about 7 minutes. Then, remove the chocolate from the double boiler and add the egg yolks, one at a time, stirring until smooth. Fold the egg white mixture into the chocolate a little at a time. Add the batter to the buttered and sugared ramekins, filling them to the top. Bake for about 15 minutes.nTop with powdered sugar and whipped cream.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter the ramekins and pour 1 tablespoon of granulated sugar in each. Turn them to let the sugar stick to the butter, and then pour out the excess. Place the ramekins on a sheet pan.nUsing a stand mixer, start whisking the egg whites on low speed. Slowly add 1 13 cups of the granulated sugar and the cream of tartar. Continue to whisk until medium peaks form.nMelt the chocolate with the 2 sticks butter in a double boiler, stirring continuously for about 7 minutes. Then, remove the chocolate from the double boiler and add the egg yolks, one at a time, stirring until smooth. Fold the egg white mixture into the chocolate a little at a time. Add the batter to the buttered and sugared ramekins, filling them to the top. Bake for about 15 minutes.nTop with powdered sugar and whipped cream., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, plus extra to butter the ramekins, 1 13 cups granulated sugar plus 15 tablespoons 1 per ramekin, 12 egg whites, 13 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3 23 cups 61 percent semisweet chocolate, such as Valrhona, 12 egg yolks, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Whipped cream, for topping, 2 sticks butter, plus extra to butter the ramekins, 1 13 cups granulated sugar plus 15 tablespoons 1 per ramekin, 12 egg whites, 13 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3 23 cups 61 percent semisweet chocolate, such as Valrhona, 12 egg yolks, Powdered sugar, for dusting, Whipped cream, for topping], title: Chocolate Souffle, picturelink: mNJS9Sme1p9Dr9OQOC1sURmyxjsrNWu}, 54468: {instructions: Combine the crushed graham crackers, butter, and 2 teaspoons sugar in bowl and mix until incorporated. Delicately fold 3 ounces of pop rocks into the mixture.nSpray the bottom of a 9 by 13inch cake pan with nonstick cooking spray. Gently press the crust into the pan and freeze for 30 minutes.nWith a handheld mixer or in a standing mixer with whisk attachment, whip the heavy whipping cream. While mixing slowly add in the remaining 12 cup sugar, salt, lime juice, and cream cheese. Beat until the ingredients are fully incorporated.nRemove the crust from the freezer. Spread the cream cheese mixture over the crust, level the top and freeze for 1 hour. Remove the cheesecake from the freezer and sprinkle the remaining 3 ounces of pop rocks on top. Cut into small squares and serve., ingredients: [2 cups crushed graham crackers, 5 tablespoons softened butter, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus 2 teaspoons, divided, 6 ounces pop rocks in strawberry, watermelon, or cherry, divided, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup lime juice, 12 ounces cream cheese, room temperature], title: No Cook Pop Rock Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 54469: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Lightly butter a 9inch square baking pan.nCut the chilled butter into the walnut and cinnamon flour, with a pastry blender or fork until it is like coarse crumbs set aside. Drizzle melted butter over cubed bread to coat, then toss with apples and raisinsnTransfer apples and bread to a baking dish and top with walnut flour topping bake for 45 minutes or until crisp. Serve hot or warm with ice cream.nNote that if you are starting out with fresh bread, then dry it out first in an oven, ingredients: [14 cup finely chopped walnuts mixed with 14 cup flour, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon and a pinch of salt, 4 tablespoons chilled butter, 4 slices dried out egg, brioche or challah bread, crusts removed and cut into 34inch cubes, 13 cup melted unsalted butter, 1 cup raisins soaked in rum, Port or Cognac, 4 Granny Smith or Golden Delicious apples peeled, cored, quartered and sliced, Vanilla ice cream or whipped cream for garnish], title: Buttery Apple Brown Betty, picturelink: null}, 54470: {instructions: For the cake: Combine the milk, chia seeds, vanilla, egg yolk and banana in a small microwaveproof jar or container I prefer halfpint Mason jars. Add the flour and baking powder and stir until well incorporated and the batter thickens. Store in the fridge until ready to serve.nMicrowave the jar on high for 1 to 1 12 minutes, then serve.nFor the peanut butter cake: To the cake recipe, add the peanut butter and 12 teaspoon cinnamon and give everything a good stir. Once the cake is microwaved, drizzle some honey and sprinkle more cinnamon, if desired.nFor the chocolate chip cake: To the basic recipe, add the chocolate chips and 1 tablespoon chopped walnuts. Once the cake is microwaved, top with the orange zest, more walnuts and honey, if using.nFor the fig oatmeal cake: Omit the flour in the cake recipe, and substitute with the oats. Add the figs and cinnamon. Once the cake is microwaved, add the almonds, coconut flakes and a drizzle of maple syrup, if using., ingredients: [1 tablespoon milk or nondairy milk, 12 teaspoon chia seeds, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg yolk, 12 very ripe medium banana, mashed see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons white whole wheat flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus additional for topping, Honey, for drizzling, 1 tablespoon semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon chopped walnuts, plus additional for topping, Orange zest, for topping, Honey, for topping optional, 1 tablespoon oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 tablespoon chopped figs, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Sliced almonds, for topping, Coconut flakes, for topping, Maple syrup, for drizzling optional], title: Microwave Breakfast Cake for One, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 54471: {instructions: Bring 34 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Meanwhile, place the oats, raisins, almonds, chia seeds, hemp seeds, flour, sugar, cinnamon, allspice, cayenne pepper and salt in a small serving bowl mix well. Stir the boiling water into the oats mixture. Cover and let stand until the oats soften, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup quickcooking oats, 2 tablespoons raisins, 2 tablespoons sliced almonds, chopped, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, 1 tablespoon hemp seeds, 1 teaspoon oat flour, 12 teaspoon coconut sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Raisins n Spicy Hot Oatmeal, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 54472: {instructions: Mash 1 stick softened butter with 1 minced garlic clove, 1 tablespoon each chopped parsley and rosemary and 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper. Thinly slice a sourdough baguette spread the herbed butter on one side of each slice. Flip over half of the bread slices and spread with Thousand Island dressing. Top with sliced pastrami, cornichons and provolone cover with the remaining baguette slices, butteredside up. Cook in a skillet over medium heat until golden, about 4 minutes per side.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Mini Pastrami Sandwiches, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 54473: {instructions: Rub the flour and butter together in a bowl until it resembles coarse bread crumbs. Stir in the cheese and add enough liquid to make a soft, pliable dough. Transfer to a floured board, and knead it lightly. Roll and cut out scones. I like to use a fairly large octagonal cutter. Bake at 400 degrees in a preheated oven for about 18 minutes. Cool on a wire rack. Cut a thin slice from the top of each scone, and then hollow out the center, leaving a case for you to fill with Coronation Chicken.nCoronation Chicken Salad: Poach, grill or steam the chicken for 8 minutes. When cool enough to handle, dice and mix with the melon and celery, then fold in the mayonnaise and curry paste. Spoon into the scones, decorate with basil or mint, and serve., ingredients: [1 34 cups selfraising flour, 1 stick butter, chilled and diced, 14 cup hard cheese, grated, About 13 cup buttermilk or fresh milk soured with lemon juice, 2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, 12 ripe honeydew or other sweet melon, diced small, 1 celery stalk, trimmed and diced, 4 tablespoons homemade mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon mild Indian curry paste, Fresh basil or mint], title: Cheese Scones Filled with Coronation Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 54474: {instructions: Rinse the chicken in side and out under cold water. Pat dry and let sit at room temperature for 30 to 60 minutes.nSlice the lemon paper thin and remove the seeds. Lift the skin off the breast of the chicken and place 3 lemon slices and 3 sage leaves in between the skin and the meat of each breast. Place onion, garlic, thyme and the remaining lemon in the cavity of the chicken. Rub the entire chicken liberally with olive oil. Salt the outside and the cavity of the chicken.nPlace in a 425 degree F oven on a roasting rack, breastsideup. Place a meat thermometer in the thigh and cook until the chicken reaches 160 degrees F. This will take about 1015 minutes per pound. Remove the chicken from the oven and let it rest for 10 minutes.nCombine all ingredients and let sit for 2 hours or more for best results., ingredients: [3 organic chickens, 1 lemon, 6 sage leaves, 1 onion, peeled, 3 cloves garlic, 1 small bunch of thyme, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Olive oil, Salt, to taste, 1 cup parsley, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium shallot, minced, 2 Fresno peppers, minced, 1 teaspoon chili flakes, Juice and zest of 12 lemon, 2 cups extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Roasted Chicken with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 54475: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mediummixing bowl cut the shortening and salt into the flour by hand or with a pastry blender hands until its the texture of cornmeal. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of ice water over the mixture and mix just until the dough is moistened. Repeat by adding 6 to 8 tablespoons water one at a time until all the dough is just moist. Take care not to over mix.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Divide the dough in half and roll into a ball. Roll 1 ball into a circle to fit a 9 to 10inch pie plate. To transfer the pastry to the pie plate, wrap it around a rolling pin and ease it into the pie plate. Be careful not to stretch the pastry. Trim it even with the edges of the pie plate. Add the apple filling into the pastry lined pie plate. Make sure they are laying flat. Cut butter into small pieces and put on top of the filling.nRoll the remaining pastry into a 12inch circle. Place on top of the filling. Trim off 1inch beyond the edge of the pie plate. Crimp the edges as desired. Cut slits to allow steam to escape when baking. Sprinkle a little sugar and cinnamon over the pie.nCover the edges with foil to prevent over browning. Bake for 25 minutes. Remove the foil and bake for another 20 to 25 minutes, or until it is golden brown. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream.nIn a medium bowl combine the apples, with the brown and white sugar. Add flour, cinnamon and continue mixing until they are well coated., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup shortening recommended: Crisco, Ice water, Filling, recipe follows, Serving suggestion: warm with vanilla icecream, 12 cup to 1 cup allpurpose flour, 6 to 7 cups apples cut into thin slices recommended: Green Golden and Jonathans, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Traditional Apple Pie, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 54476: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large covered saucepan over high heat, bring the water and 12 teaspoon of salt to a boil. Add the peas and cook 1 minute for frozen and 3 to 3 12 minutes for fresh. Remove from heat, drain in a colander and immediately plunge the peas into ice cold water to stop the cooking. Drain and set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl whisk together the red wine vinegar, shallot, salt and pepper. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while continuing to whisk. Add the peas, mint, parsley and cheese and stir to combine. Cover and allow to sit in refrigerator for 15 to 20 minutes prior to serving., ingredients: [3 quarts water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound fresh or frozen peas, approximately 3 cups, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 4 ounces cheese ricotta salata, fontina or Swiss, cut into 14inch cubes], title: Green Peas with Cheese and Herbs, picturelink: XTvBCm8OlpR42PStzTmUdr.QKZBnQMi}, 54477: {instructions: Mix all ingredients and then refrigerate butter mixture to serve with tortillas., ingredients: [1 pound butter, room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, 1 bunch green onions, finely chopped, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic], title: Butter Green Onion and Sour Cream Spread, picturelink: null}, 54478: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl, adding more or less water depending on desired thinness of sauce. Let stand for 10 minutes, then serve as a dipping sauce for Egg Rolls., ingredients: [1 tablespoon powdered hot mustard, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 tablespoons water], title: Hot Mustard, picturelink: null}, 54479: {instructions: Combine milk with spices and sugar in large heavy saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar, until milk just starts to bubble around the edges scalding. Lower heat and cook 10 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to steep 10 additional minutes, then strain into another large heavy pot. Heat gently, then add chocolate and rum. Whisk briskly 5 minutes over low flame until chocolate is completely melted., ingredients: [12 gallon milk, 3 whole star anise, 2 sticks cinnamon, Zest of one orange, 5 whole allspice berries, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 cup aged dark rum], title: Venezuelan Spiced Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 54480: {instructions: Preheat grill. Rub beets with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and wrap separately in aluminum foil. Place on the grill over medium heat and let cook for 1 hour or until tender. Remove from foil and let cool slightly. Peel and cut into 1inch pieces. Whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice and tarragon and season with salt and pepper.nArrange the arugula on a platter, top with beets and goat cheese and drizzle with lemon vinaigrette. Sprinkle with pine nuts., ingredients: [2 large red beets, trimmed of all but 1inch of greens, 2 large yellow beets, trimmed of all but 1inch of greens, 6 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely chopped tarragon leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound arugula, washed and dried, 8 ounces soft goat cheese, crumbled, 14 cup toasted pine nuts], title: Roasted Red and Yellow Beets with Goat Cheese and LemonTarragon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 54481: {instructions: Put the beans in a large saucepan, add the water and bay leaf, and bring to a boil. Set aside, covered, for 1 hour.nReturn the beans to a boil, lower the heat to a simmer, cook uncovered, for 1 12 hours.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and peppers and cook, stirring, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, cumin, oregano, and coriander and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute more. Add the onion mixture to the beans and continue simmering until the beans are very tender and the liquid has thickened, about 1 12 hours more.nIf the beans seem too thick, adjust the consistency with a little bit of water. Stir in the vinegar, season with the salt, cayenne, and pepper to taste. Serve with the yellow rice if desired.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan, with a tightfitting lid, over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, pepper, and annatto and cook, stirring, until somewhat soft, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until toasted, about 2 minutes more. Add water, salt, and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Wrap the lid tightly with a kitchen towel. Cover the rice, lower the heat to a simmer, and cook for 20 minutes.nRemove the rice from the heat and set aside, covered, for 10 minutes. Remove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork., ingredients: [1 14 cups black beans about 12 pound, 12 cups water, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and chopped, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoons red wine vinegar, plus more for the table, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: Yellow Rice, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, chopped, 12 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon ground annatto seed, 1 12 cups longgrain rice, 2 12 cups water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 bay leaf], title: Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 54482: {instructions: Sift flour, baking powder, and salt. Cream the lard with sugar and anise seed on medium speed. In a separate bowl. beat eggs until light and fluffy. Add beaten eggs to creamed mixture. Mix together well, adding wine to form a stifflike dough, add more wine, if necessary.nRefrigerate dough overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove dough from refrigerator and let stand for a while, until dough is soft enough to roll. Divide dough in quarters and roll to about 116 to 18inch thickness. Cut with cookie cutter and place on cookie sheet. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until bottom of cookie is golden brown. Meanwhile, mix together the sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. Drop the baked cookies into sugar and cinnamon mixture and set aside to cool., ingredients: [6 cups flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound lard a must, no substitutes, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons anise seed, 2 eggs, 12 cup sweet table wine, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon], title: Biscochitos, picturelink: null}, 54483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl and place over a saucepan containing about 1inch of barely simmering water or use a double boiler. Stir with a wooden spoon until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Remove the bowl from the heat and let cool slightly. Then grab a whisk and beat the egg yolks into the chocolate, 1 at a time, beating until smooth after each addition. Set aside.nIn another bowl, beat the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and beat until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in 14 cup sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks form.nIn a chilled bowl, beat the heavy cream until it begins to thicken up. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the vanilla and continue beating until the cream holds soft peaks.nNow that youve got the elements prepared, put it all together. Gently fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it. Then, fold in the whipped cream. Take care not over work the mousse or it will be heavy. Divide the mousse between 4 individual glasses, preferably Moroccan glasses. Cover and chill for several hours. Garnish with whipped cream and chocolate shavings before serving., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet baking chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 large eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, cold, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Whipped cream and chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: zdZB6nHOZ3ZgIrIm4x.FiEyu7yTP4y}, 54484: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread some pesto on the cut side of both halves of each ciabatta roll. Lay a thick slice of mozzarella on the bottom halves, followed by a thick slice of tomato. Top with the other ciabatta halves and serve immediately, ingredients: [12 cup prepared pesto, 4 ciabatta rolls, sliced in half, 4 ounces fresh mozzarella, thickly sliced 4 slices, 1 large tomato, thickly sliced 4 slices], title: Tomato, Mozzarella and Pesto Sandwiches, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 54485: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, carob powder and baking powder. In a separate bowl, thoroughly mix remaining ingredients except nuts. Add dry ingredients to wet ingredients and mix well. Stir in nuts if using. Pour batter into a nonstick or lightly oiled 8inch square baking dish. Bake at 350F for 35 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups whole wheat flour, 13cup carob powder, 2 tsp. baking powder, 13cup honey, 12cup unsweetened applesauce, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 cup water, 14cup chopped nuts optional], title: Healthy Snacks: Carob Brownies, picturelink: null}, 54486: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and lightly grease an 8 x 4 inch glass loaf pan. Cut the carrots into strips the length of the carrots but only 14 wide should be evenly cut 14inch square. Parboil for 6 to 7 minutes or until cooked through but still with some texture to them. Puree ground chicken a little bit at a time in a food processor with the oil and vinegar and 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Add cooked shallots, garlic, bread crumbs and egg and puree until very smooth.nDivide chicken puree into 3 bowls. In one add the carrots in the other the green beans and leave the puree plain in the third. Using your hands mix the vegetables into the chicken mixture in each bowl making sure they are completely coated. Set a tiny bit of plain chicken puree in bottom of loaf pan, spreading it with a rubber spatula to cover entire bottom surface. Then cover with a layer of carrot, keeping carrots in as straight a line as possible. Next layer green bean mixture over carrots. With a spatula layer some plain chicken binder on top of green beans just enough to barely coat them. Then set a row of black olives down the center. Dot olives with a paper thin layer of plain chicken binder. Then repeat green bean layer, then top with the carrot layer and finally a layer of chicken binder which should entirely cover vegetables. Cover the top with buttered brown paper pressing paper directly on top of terrine. Cover top with foil.nTap the loaf pan on the counter a few times to eliminate air bubbles. Place terrine in a larger pan filled with enough boiling water to reach 34 of the way up the sides of the loaf pan. Set in oven and bake for 1 hour.nRemove the pan from the oven. Let terrine rest for another hour or until it is cooler. Leave the foil cover on. Drain off excess water. Run a sharp knife between the terrine and the pan to loosen then carefully turn it upside down on a board. Terrine should come out easily. Pat dry with paper towels. Wrap in plastic wrap, then in foil and let it cool in fridge for 3 hours or overnight., ingredients: [12 pound carrots, peeled, 34 pound haricots verts, parboiled for 5 minutes or until tender, 1 14 pounds ground chicken, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup finely chopped shallots and 1 clove garlic cooked until tender in 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 14 cup Champagne or white wine vinegar, 1 egg lightly beaten, 14 cup soft white bread crumbs, 12 cup pitted black Nicoise olives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and Vegetable Terrine, picturelink: null}, 54487: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nBrown sausage in 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat, stirring frequently, 5 minutes. Add onion and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes or until tender. Remove sausage and onion set aside.nStir in remaining ingredients except bread into same skillet stir in bread.nEvenly spread bread mixture in 13 x 9inch baking dish, then lightly press. Bake 30 minutes or until golden and heated through., ingredients: [12 lb. sweet Italian sausage links, removed from casings and crumbled, 1 large onion, chopped, 12 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 12 cup WishBoneu00ae Italian Dressing, 12 cup chicken broth, 1 jar 12 oz. roasted red peppers, drained, patted dry and chopped, 1 Tbsp. chopped fresh parsley, 18 tsp. ground black pepper, 1 loaf 12 oz. Italian bread, cut into 12inch cubes about 8 cups], title: Super Moist Sausage and Bread Stuffing, picturelink: GlxvE9PacOsZTxsfajZdi1uWQ7Mai}, 54488: {instructions: Place the granulated sugar and water in a large copper pot or 4quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring the mixture to a boil. Add the almonds and stir to coat them evenly in the sugar syrup. Your goal is to cook the almonds until the sugar crystallizes and caramelizes.nWhen water is added to the sugar, the sugar crystals are dissolved. As it boils, the syrup becomes thicker as the water evaporates and big soaplike bubbles begin to form. Soon, all the moisture evaporates and the mixture becomes sandy. The sandiness is the sugar recrystallizing. It only takes the reformation of one sugar crystal to recrystallize the others. Keep stirring Next, you see the sugar closest to the heat change from sandy to a clear liquid. The melted sugar clings to the almonds. When the sugar changes from clear to golden brown, the nuts are caramelized. Once this happens, pay close attention the time it takes to pass from caramelized to burned is only a matter of seconds, especially when making smaller batches. You know the nuts are finished when most of the sandy sugar is gone.nThe first few times you make these, I suggest you try the following: When the sugar closest to the heat changes from sandy to liquid, remove the pan from the burner and continue to stir. The residual heat in the sugar and nuts will continue to cook the mixture while you stir it. Lower the heat to mediumlow and continue to stir the nuts while moving the saucepan on and off the heat at 10second intervals. This will give you more control as it cooks. When the nuts begin to caramelize, remove them from the heat and finish stirring.nUse a wooden spoon to spread the caramelized nuts onto a parchment papercovered baking sheet. Do not touch the nuts as they are extremely hot. Let the nuts cool completely. If your freezer will accommodate the baking sheet, you can place the nuts in the freezer for about 30 minutes to speed up the cooling process. When completely cooled, break apart any nut clusters that may have formed. At this stage, you can choose to serve the nuts as they are.nPlace the caramelized nuts in the coating pan attached to the stand mixer. Spin at low speed. Use a ladle to add the chocolate to the spinning nuts. Add 1 ladle at a time until the nuts are coated to the desired thickness. If a thicker coat is desired, use more chocolate. If a thinner coat is desired, decrease the amount of chocolate. Finish by adding cocoa powder to the coating pan. Remove and serve., ingredients: [2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup water, 3 12 cups whole unblanched almonds, Bittersweet chocolate, tempered, Milk Chocolate, tempered, Cocoa Powder], title: Chocolate Covered Almonds, picturelink: null}, 54489: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the mustard, 1 tablespoon yogurt and 1 teaspoon lemon juice. In a large bowl whisk together the curry powder, the remaining 2 12 tablespoons yogurt and the remaining tablespoon lemon juice.nTo the medium bowl, add the apple, 1 can of the tuna, half of the celery and a small pinch of salt and pepper. Mix well with a wooden spoon. This is the kids tuna salad Refrigerate until ready to eat, or serve immediately on crackers or toast.nTo the large bowl add the grapes, almonds, parsley, the remaining 2 cans tuna, the remaining celery and a pinch of salt and pepper. Mix well with a wooden spoon. This is the adult tuna salad. Refrigerate until ready to eat, or serve immediately on toasted croissant halves., ingredients: [1 teaspoon Dijon mustard yellow American mustard is fine, 3 12 tablespoons plain Greek yogurt, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped red apple, Three 5ounce cans albacore tuna in water, drained, 2 celery stalks, minced, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup halved purple seedless grapes, 13 cup chopped roasted and salted almonds dry almonds are fine, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, Serving suggestion: your favorite crackers or toast 2 split and lightly toasted croissants or your favorite sandwich bread], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Tuna Salad, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 54490: {instructions: To Prepare the Yogurt: Line strainer with cheesecloth and set over a bowl. Bowl should support strainer so it does not touch the bottom of the bowl. Put the yogurt in the strainer loosely covered, and let it drain overnight in the refrigerator.Discard the liquid and use the strained yogurt as directed.nCombine all ingredients and refrigerate overnight before serving. Serve with pita., ingredients: [2 cups Mediterraneanstyle yogurt, may substitute with conventional yogurt, 1 large English cucumber peeled, shredded and drained, 1 clove garlic, chopped fine, 1 tablespoon mint, chopped, 1 tablespoon dill, chopped, 1 ounces lemon juice, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 54491: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Prick the surface of the potatoes a few times with a fork then rub potatoes with oil, place on a baking sheet and bake in the oven for about 1 12 hours, or until you can poke a thin bladed knife into them. Remove them from the oven and let rest 10 minutes, or until cool enough to handle.nSlice the potatoes in half vertically and carefully scrape the flesh into a medium bowl, reserving the best 4 skins. Add the butter, milk, cream and horseradish and mash until smooth, if the mixture is too dry add more milk. Season well with salt and pepper to taste. Fill each of the 4 skins with the mashed potato mixture. Place the filled potatoes on a baking sheet and return to the oven, bake until lightly golden brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with a dollop of sour cream, a tablespoon of caviar and sprinkle with chives., ingredients: [4 large Russet potatoes, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup milk, 12 cup cream, 14 cup grated fresh horseradish, Salt and pepper, Sour cream, Chives, 4 tablespoons osetra caviar], title: Double Baked Horseradish Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 54492: {instructions: Place the strawberries, raspberries and blueberries in a medium glass bowl. Add mint leaves and orange juice and toss. Place fruits in serving bowls and place bananas slices on top., ingredients: [1 cup fresh strawberries, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 cup fresh blueberries, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 1 teaspoon orange juice, 1 banana, sliced, 14 cup maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Berry Mint Salad, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 54493: {instructions: Combine all dry ingredients in medium bowl. Rinse chicken thoroughly. Place 13 of chicken in a large bowl and spread dry mixture liberally over chicken and mix with hands until chicken is completely coated. Repeat same process with the next 23 of chicken. Make sure you do 13 at a time and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nPlace chicken on middle rack of grill on low heat and cook until crispy, turning as needed, combine with sauce for dipping at your preference., ingredients: [2 tablespoons paprika, 3 tablespoons cayenne, 5 tablespoons fresh ground black pepper, 6 tablespoon garlic powder, 3 tablespoon onion powder, 6 tablespoon salt, 2 12 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 12 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons Chinese fivespice powder, 50 chicken wings with tips removed and split at center joint], title: Yogi Wings, picturelink: null}, 54494: {instructions: Combine dressing ingredients in a medium size mixing bowl, whisk thoroughly and let stand until ready to use.nIn an 8inch saucepan, fill 34 with water. Bring to a boil. Place 14 inches of plastic wrap on a flat surface. Add 12 cup each of yellow, red and orange peppers on plastic wrap. Add 14 cup of julienne slices of ginger on top of peppers. Put 1 tarragon sprig on top of ginger. Coat salmon fillet front and back with Sylvias Secret Herb Seasoning and place on top of veggies. Add 1 tablespoon of white wine and juice from 12 fresh lemon. Place tarragon sprig on top of salmon fillet and fold in plastic, tightly. Place plastic wrap in boiling water and let it poach for 15 minutes. Take your favorite choice of green leaf salad mix and place on plate. Place cooked salmon on salad mix. Spoon Asian salad dressing on top of salmon fillet. Add red onion, remaining peppers, sesame seeds and ginger, to garnish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 1 12 ounces sesame oil, 1ounce tarragon vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly minced ginger, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 yellow, red and orange bell pepper julienne sliced, 14 cup fresh ginger, julienned, 2 tarragon sprigs, 1 4ounce salmon fillet, 14 cup Sylvias Secret Herb Seasoning available from Sylvias Food Product Line, 1 tablespoon white wine, 12 fresh lemon, juiced, 12 red onion, julienned, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds and 14 cup pickled ginger, for garnish], title: Asian Ginger Poached Salmon, picturelink: null}, 54495: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the slices of ciabatta on a parchment lined baking sheet. Bake until crisp and golden around the edges, about 8 minutes. Remove the bread from the oven. Place the prosciutto slices and mozzarella on the crostini toast and return to the oven to melt the cheese, about 8 more minutes.nMeanwhile combine the butter and the sage leaves in a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the butter is melted and starting to brown in spots and the sage leaves are crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the salt and pepper.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven. Transfer the crostini to a serving plate. Drizzle the crostini with the sage butter and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 12inch thick slices ciabatta bread, 12 slices thinly sliced prosciutto about 6 ounces, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, cut into thin slices, 3 tablespoons butter, 6 sage leaves, Pinch salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Crostini Alla Romana, picturelink: ZbBGsjxvfe7ZYmz40GPpjVoDm7Bu}, 54496: {instructions: Peel potatoes, and cut into quarters. Place in a medium saucepan. Cover with cold water, and bring to a simmer. Keep potatoes at a low simmer until a skewer slips in and out easily, about 20 minutes. Drain potatoes in a colander. Allow potatoes to sit until cool enough to handle.nPut potatoes through a ricer, or place in a large mixing bowl, and mash using a potato masher. Beat in butter, cream, sugar, and salt. Refrigerate overnight, uncovered.nThe next day, add flour. Stir until well blended. Divide into 20 equal portions. Heat lefse griddle, electric fry pan, or pancake griddle to 400 degrees F.nOn a floured surface, roll out the balls of dough until very thin, making circles about 10 to 12 inches in diameter. Using a long, thin spatula, transfer to the heated griddle and cook on each side. Stack between 2 terrycloth towels, and cover with a plastic bag.nTo serve, spread lefse with soft butter, and fold into quarters or roll up. To serve on a tray along with cookies, spread lefse with butter, sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar, and roll up. Cut rolls on the diagonal into 1inch pieces.nTo freeze, fold lefse into quarters, and wrap until airtight in foil or plastic wrap. To serve, remove from freezer, thaw, and reheat in foil in a preheated 300 degree F oven, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 12 pounds Russet Burbank potatoes, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling dough, Soft butter, sugar, and cinnamon, for serving], title: Lefse, picturelink: null}, 54497: {instructions: Cut the chicken breasts into large cubes. Place the chicken in a large sealable container and pour the spiedie marinade over. Mix well, cover and refrigerate for at least 12 hours best if marinated for 24 hours. Be sure that the meat is fully submerged and to maximize the flavors, stir once or twice throughout the marinating process.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and place the on the grill over medium heat turning frequently. Grill for about 10 to 12 minutes. Cut the largest piece in half to make sure that the meat is cooked all the way through.nSpread butter on the inside of the steak rolls, grill the insides until just crisp and place the chicken on the rolls., ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 16ounce bottle spiedie marinade available in stores, Butter, softened, 6 steak rolls], title: Chicken Spiedie, picturelink: null}, 54498: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the food processor or, alternatively, in a bowl, blend the flour, sugar and salt. Add the butter and pulse to blend or mix in with your fingers until the mixture is crumbly. Add the yolk, blend it in. If the dough does not hold together when pressed between 2 fingers, add the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until it does. Turn the dough onto a lightly floured flat surface. Knead the dough until smooth, flatten it and wrap in plastic. Refrigerate.nPut the mangoes on a flat surface and, one by one, hold the mangoes upright and cut one slice off each side. Its like quartering apples only you are avoiding the large pit in the center of each mango. Make each slice as deep as you can to extract the maximum flesh from each mango. Slice the smaller piece off the top and bottom of each fruit as well.nIn a skillet over low heat, melt the sugar until it becomes golden brown. Add the butter it will bubble up. Remove the skillet from the heat and pour equal amounts of the caramelized sugar mixture into each ramekin. Divide the mango pieces among the ramekins and press the fruit into the caramel sauce.nRoll the dough on a floured surface or, alternatively, between 2 pieces of waxed paper and cut out circles that fit the tops of the ramekins. Tuck the dough edges inside the ramekins so it covers the fruit. It is as if you are tucking the fruit into a pastry bed.nPlace the ramekins on a sheet pan and into the center of the oven and bake until the pastry browns, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove the ramekins from the oven and allow it to cool for 10 minutes.nUnmolding: Dont be afraid of failure. A tarte tatin is nice when imperfect Place a plate over the pastry topping and flip the tart on to the plate. You can do it Pour the reserved caramel back over the tart. If any fruit remains in the bottom of the skillet, simply dislodge it and insert it any fruit gaps before serving. Serve warm with ice cream or a dollop of sour cream., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cubed and chilled, 1 egg yolk, Ice water, if necessary, 4 ripe but firm mangoes, peeled, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Mango Tarte Tatin, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 54499: {instructions: Shake ingredients with ice in cocktail shaker and strain into serving pitcher. Serve chilled in frozen martini glasses with a lemon twist., ingredients: [32 ounces gin, 8 ounces zinfandel wine, 2 ounces extradry Vermouth, Ice cubes, Lemon twists, for garnish], title: ZinTini, picturelink: m1w2hj9beZ1ZFSoQKdxYRD6bviytwcS}, 54500: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cream cheese, Parmesan, crabmeat, salt, pepper, garlic powder, shallot, bacon, and basil.nPlace the oysters on a baking sheet and spoon the mixture onto the oysters in the half shell, putting a generous rounded mound of topping on each.nBake for 7 to 10 minutes until the topping is bubbly and browned. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked clean of shells, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 minced shallot, 1 cup cooked chopped bacon, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, 12 to 16 oysters on the half shell], title: Baked Oysters with Crab, picturelink: null}, 54501: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and butter a shallow 3quart casserole dish. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until bright green and almost tender you still want it to have a little bite it will cook more in the oven. Drain cool under cold running water and pat very dry. Set aside.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. When the butter is melted, add the sage and let sizzle a minute, then add the flour. Cook the roux or else it will taste like raw flour, whisking, for 2 to 3 minutes, without letting it brown. Pour in the sherry or broth and cook to reduce it away, about 1 minute.nWhisk in 1 cup broth, the milk, heavy cream and nutmeg and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally to get out any lumps, until thickened, 6 to 7 minutes. Stir in the scallions and gruyere until the cheese is melted, then remove the sauce from the heat.nIn a large bowl, mix together the sauce, broccoli, chicken and almonds until thoroughly coated. Pour into the prepared casserole dish. In a small bowl, melt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in the microwave, then toss with the parmesan and breadcrumbs. Sprinkle the mixture over the top of the casserole. Bake until browned and bubbling, about 35 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, Kosher salt, 1 large head broccoli, cut into 1 to 2inch florets, tender stems peeled and cut into 12inch slices about 5 cups, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons dry sherry or chicken broth, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup milk, 1 cup heavy cream, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch scallions, chopped about 1 cup, 1 12 cups shredded gruyere cheese about 6 ounces, 1 cooked 3 12pound chicken, meat removed and cut into chunks, skin and bones discarded 3 to 3 12 cups meat, 12 cup sliced or slivered almonds, toasted, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup breadcrumbs], title: Divine Chicken Divan, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 54502: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, combine chicken, broccoli with liquid from package, sundried tomatoes with oil from jar, and bread crumbs. Toss to combine.nArrange mushroom caps, stem side up, on prepared baking sheet. Fill each mushroom cap with chicken mixture. Roast 20 minutes, until filling is golden brown and mushrooms are tender., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cooked chicken breast halves, diced, 10ounce package frozen chopped broccoli, thawed and undrained, 12 cup diced oilpacked sundried tomatoes, with 1 tablespoon oil from jar, 2 tablespoons seasoned dry bread crumbs, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, stems removed], title: Roasted Stuffed Portobellos, picturelink: TLCgVzUML.JNQN.GgVCL5AyhUxuK}, 54503: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, add the butter and the potatoes. Season with a pinch of paprika and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring from time to time, until they become tender but crispy, about 10 minutes. Add the onions and the wine. Season again with salt and pepper and increase the heat. The potatoes should eventually start to brown. Add more butter, if desired. Cook for 5 to 8 minutes, stirring from time to time, so the potatoes brown on all sides.nPut the cheese in the middle of the skillet on top of everything and put the pan in the center of the oven. Bake until the cheese melts, about 8 to 10 minutes. The potatoes should be tender when pierced with the tip of a knife. Remove from the oven and season again with salt, if needed. Transfer to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large Idaho potatoes, washed, peeled and diced about 1 12 to 2 inches thick, Pinch paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch green onions, halved and thinly sliced, 12 cup white wine, 1 small Camembert or Brie cheese, rind trimmed off the bottom side], title: Cheese Fondue Hash Browns, picturelink: null}, 54504: {instructions: Adjust rack to lower third of oven and preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a 12x15 12x12inch baking sheet with aluminum foil, leaving a 2inch overhang at each short end.nBatter: Pour the cream, corn syrup, and sugar into a 1 12quart heavybottomed saucepan. Stir to combine, then add the butter. Stir over mediumlow heat until the butter melts. Then raise the heat to medium, and stir constantly with a wooden spoonespecially toward the end of cookingto prevent scorching. Cook until the mixture reaches 238 degrees F, the softball stage, on a candy thermometer, about 10 minutes the mixture will appear between ivory and strawcolored. Remove from heat, and stir in almonds.nPour the mixture onto the center of the foillined baking sheet, and spread it in as thin a layer as possible. A pool about 8 inches in diameter is fine. Bake for 3 minutes then spread the more liquid mixture evenly over the baking sheet. If the mixture still does not completely cover the baking sheet, bake another minute, then tilt the baking sheet to allow the mixture to spread evenly. Bake for about 5 to 6 minutes total, or until golden but not dark brown. Though the mixture bubbles while baking, the bubbles form more slowly toward the end of baking time than at the beginning.nPlace the baking sheet on a wire rack and cool for 2 to 3 minutes. While the mixture is still warm but no longer liquid, cut 1 12inch squares using a ruler and a pastry wheel. If the mixture is too warm, it will not cut cleanly. If it is too cool, it will splinter or not cut in that case return it to the oven for a few seconds to soften it a bit.nDecoration: When the squares are completely cool, place the chocolate in a bowl over water at about 120 degrees F. When about twothirds of the chocolate has melted, remove the bowl from the water. With a dry rubber spatula, stir until the liquid chocolate melts the soft or unmelted chocolate that remains. Fill a small handmade paper cone with the chocolate and snip off the tip. Pipe thin lines of chocolate back and forth over the squares surface. Refrigerate the squares briefly, just to set the chocolate. Remove from the refrigerator and set aside in a cool, dry place.nTo store, remove squares from the foil and place them in layers, separated by strips of aluminum, in an airtight metal or plastic container in a cool place up to 1 week., ingredients: [13 cup heavy cream, 2 12 tablespoons light corn syrup, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 ounces 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 ounces 1 12 cups sliced almonds], title: Florentine Squares, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 54505: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat about 3 inches of oil in a deep heavy pot, fitted with a deepfrying thermometer, to 365 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine the potato, ricotta, sugar, salt and pepper, to taste, with a hand mixer until smooth. Fold in the flour, a little at a time, until just combined.nWorking in batches to avoid crowing the pot, drop heaping teaspoons of the batter into the hot oil. Fry until golden brown, turning as needed to brown evenly, about 1 to 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels and dust with confectioners sugar and a pinch of salt. Arrange them on a serving dish and enjoynCooks Note: Be sure to let the oil return to 365 degrees F between batches., ingredients: [Corn oil, for frying, 1 cup mashed, roasted and peeled sweet potato, 1 cup whole milk fresh ricotta, 14 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 12 cup selfrising flour], title: Sweet Potato Fritters, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 54506: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook the macaroni until just tender, about 8 minutes. Strain and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the butter and halfandhalf in a large saucepan over medium heat. Reserve 5 American cheese slices tear the rest into pieces and add to the saucepan, along with the cream cheese, and gouda. Cook, stirring often , until cheese is melted and sauce is smooth.nRemove from heat and stir in the sour cream. Stir in the eggs slowly. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, salt and pepper. Stir in the macaroni and ham. Scrape the mixture into a 2quart baking dish and top with the remaining 5 American cheese slices.nCook the bacon. Remove from pan and reserve the drippings. Add the bread crumbs to the pan with the drippings and stir. Crumble the bacon into the bread crumb mixture. Pour the bread crumb mixture evenly over the macaroni and cheese. Sprinkle the paprika over the macaroni and cheese. Cover the dish with a lid or aluminum foil and bake for 20 minutes. Uncover and bake until top is browned about 10 minutes more. Let cool slightly before serving., ingredients: [16 ounces dry elbow macaroni, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pint halfandhalf, 8 ounces American cheese slices, 8 ounces cream cheese, 4 ounces smoked gouda, grated, 1 cup light sour cream, 4 eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 dashes hot sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound ham, cubed, 3 slices bacon, reserve drippings, 12 cup dried bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons paprika], title: Christinas Bakin Bacon Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 54507: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, bring the salt, sugar and 2 cups water to a boil and simmer until salt and sugar dissolve. Remove pan from heat. Add juniper, sage and red pepper flakes. Let steep 5 minutes. Pour 4 to 5 cups water and 2 cups ice into the brine. When brine is chilled, submerge chops into mixture for at least 6 hours and up to overnight, refrigerated. When ready to cook, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Remove pork from liquid and pat dry. Heat oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Cook pork until nicely caramelized about 6 minutes per side. Remove to oven to cook through completely, about 10 minutes. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing.nServe with Red Wine Cranberry Glaze.nCombine all ingredients into a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and reduce liquid by half.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [12 cup salt, 12 cup sugar, 2 quarts water, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped sage leaves, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 or 5 cups water, 2 cups ice, 4 1 12inch thick boneless pork loin chops, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Red Wine Cranberry Glaze, recipe follows, 1 cup dried cranberries, 3 cups dry red wine, 2 oranges, zested and juiced, 1 cup sugar], title: Boneless Pork Loin with Red Wine Cranberry Glaze, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 54508: {instructions: Mix everything except milk in a large pot and cook over medium heat, stirring every 30 seconds until the butter is completely melted and everything is simmered. Finally, add 13 gallon of milk and allow cooking over medium heat until the milk starts to rise in the pot. Do not let it overflow., ingredients: [1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, if desired, 13 pound butter, 4 to 6 dozen raw oysters, 1 tablespoon salt, 13 gallon milk], title: Casamentos  Oyster Stew, picturelink: null}, 54509: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large cast iron pan add 1 tablespoon oil over medium heat. Add all the remaining ingredients and combine. Cover with a lid and place in oven for 30 minutes. Fluff rice when ready to serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sesame oil, for frying, 6 shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, 1 cup brown rice, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup mushroom broth, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 cup scallions, sliced], title: Shiitake Mushroom Brown Rice, picturelink: DQa2d6xURYmYT2pxbjnAA4sZhwHIHm}, 54510: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 54511: {instructions: Using a vegetable slicer such as a mandoline, cut the potato into thin match stick size, as long as possible. Rinse in cold water and drain on paper toweling. Grate the onion on a box grater. Finely chop the garlic. In a bowl combine the potato, onion, garlic, cayenne pepper, eggs, bread crumbs, salt and pepper. Heat enough oil in a deep iron skillet to cover the bottom until very hot. Add several spoons of potato in a mound and immediately flatten to make a pancake shape. Fry over medium heat until crisp, turn and fry the other side. Continue until all the potato has been cooked., ingredients: [1 pound russet potatoes, washed and peeled, 1 onion, about 13 pound, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil], title: Spidery Fried Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 54512: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl and set aside.nBeat the peanut butter, granulated sugar, brown sugar, butter, yogurt and vanilla with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Turn off the beaters and use your hands to help combine if needed.nRefrigerate in an airtight container for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 23 cup chunky peanut butter, 13 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon plain yogurt, 12 teaspoon nonalcohol vanilla extract], title: Peanut Butter Cookie Dough, picturelink: zlRELGQ.K0Ke1qaRtrkbi5GQjqb2T.}, 54513: {instructions: Add the bacon and butter to a wide, large pot and bring it to a medium heat. Cook the bacon, stirring frequently until it gets crispy and has released a lot of fat. Reserve the bacon and set aside.nTo the bacon fat, add the diced onions and another pat of butter, if needed. Season the onions with salt and cook until they are soft and very aromatic, about 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the mushrooms to the pan, season with salt and cook until they are soft and have released their juices, about 6 to 7 minutes. Scoop 13 of the mushroom mixture into a bowl and reserve.nTo the pot, add the diced potato and sprinkle with 2 tablespoons flour. Add the sherry and cook until it has reduced by 12. Add the stock and bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Taste the stock and season with salt, if needed. Simmer the soup for 30 minutes. Add the cream and simmer for 10 minutes more.nUsing a blender or immersion blender, puree the soup until smooth. Return the soup to the pot and add the reserved bacon and mushrooms. Taste the soup and adjust the seasoning, if needed.nGarnish the soup with the chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [5 slices bacon, cut crosswise into 12inch lengths, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 12 pounds mixed mushrooms, stems removed and sliced recommended: shiitake, cremini, or oyster, 2 medium Yukon gold potatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry sherry, 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Mushroom Soup with Bacon, picturelink: I3fuRXhT5ltR0wZ2YOYryGWpJbQdiO}, 54514: {instructions: Combine all ingredients., ingredients: [2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 54515: {instructions: Special equipment: Three 6inchround cake pans, an offset spatula and a bench scrapernFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat three 6inchround cake pans with cooking spray.nSift the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt into a large bowl. Mix with an electric mixer at medium speed for 1 minute. Add the buttermilk, coffee, vegetable oil and eggs. Mix at medium speed for 1 minute. Scrape the side and bottom of the bowl and mix on medium speed for 1 minute more. Divide the cake batter evenly among the prepared pans. Bake on the top rack until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 30 minutes.nCool the cakes in the pans for 20 minutes then turn out onto wire racks to cool completely.nFor the buttercream: Add the confectioners sugar and butter to a large mixing bowl. Beat with an electric mixer on low speed until completely incorporated, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the peanut butter, milk and salt. Mix on high speed until the mixture becomes fluffy and lighter in color, about 2 minutes. Scrape the side and bottom of the bowl and mix again on high speed for 1 minute.nTo assemble the cake: Level each cake round with a serrated knife or cake leveler. Use an offset spatula to spread a thin layer of the buttercream on top of one round. Top with a second round and spread it with a thin layer of buttercream. Repeat with the third round, spreading the buttercream on the top and sides of the cake. Smooth with a bench scraper., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the pans, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup brewed coffee, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 2 pounds confectioners sugar, 1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons milk, Pinch of fine salt], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cake, picturelink: 3PboWKUaM4bhmWkumap7dY9Hj7ah4Fa}, 54516: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large steamer basket fitted over a pot of boiling water. Cover and steam for 5 minutes. Add the green beans to the potatoes in the steamer and continue to cook, covered, for another 4 minutes. Drain and immediately plunge into an ice bath to cool.nTransfer the vegetables to a large serving bowl. Add the pesto and stir to coat evenly. Season with salt and pepper and serve.nMake a big batch of this pesto in the summer when the basil is fresh and plentiful. You can freeze it in ice cube trays, bag up the cubes, and have it yearround to use as a pasta sauce or to enhance the flavor of one. It is also excellent as a sandwich spread.nToast the pine nuts in a small, dry skillet over medium heat until fragrant and golden brown, shaking the pan frequently, about 3 minutes.nIn a food processor, process the pine nuts and garlic together until minced. Add the basil, Parmesan, lemon juice, and salt and pepper and process until finely minced. With the machine running, slowly pour the oil in a steady stream through the feed tube and process until well blended., ingredients: [1 12 pounds new red potatoes, washed and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 13 cup Basil Pesto, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 3 cups lightly packed fresh basil leaves, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil], title: Pesto Potato and Green Bean Salad, picturelink: 5JHlHELzI1S6u1j5AvdziqOp9oYuevu}, 54517: {instructions: Add cranberries, orange juice, zest and sugar to a large pan and set over medium heat until berries breakdown slightly and liquid is syrupy, 12 to 15 minutes. Pour into a blender and process, be careful of the hot liquid expanding when you blend  use a towel over the top of the blender.nStrain and discard any solids then set aside and cool.nPour 2 tablespoons of cranberryorange syrup into the bottoms of 4 chilled champagne glasses. Add a few cranberries to each glass and gently top off each glass with Champagne.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups frozen cranberries, plus 12 cup for garnish, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 bottle Champagne], title: Cranberry Kir Royale, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 54518: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nCoat the tomatoes, bell peppers and artichoke hearts lightly with oil, place on grill just away from the hottest spot. Turn occasionally with tongs to sear all surfaces. Remove to a dish to let cool. Reserve any juices that accumulate.nIn a large saucepan, saute onion and garlic with butter over medium heat, stirring. In a food processor, small chop the grilled vegetables. In saucepan with oniongarlic mixture, add vegetable stock, cream, grilled vegetables, and cilantro. Bring to simmer, stir to heat evenly. Combine cornstarch and water in a small separate bowl. Slowly add to saucepan while stirring to combine. The sauce will thicken slightly in 1 to 2 minutes to desired consistency. Add more cornstarch or water if necessary.nAdd salt, dash with pepper, to taste. Serve with suggested garnishes, if desired., ingredients: [4 Roma tomatoes, 1 red bell pepper, 4 whole artichoke hearts, on skewer, Vegetable oil, 1 tablespoons butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 cups vegetable stock, 1 cup cream, Several sprigs cilantro, leaf only, chopped, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, Suggested garnishes are Cotija or Manchego cheeses, toasted pumpkin seeds or pine nuts.], title: Artichoke Bisque, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 54519: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large nonstick saute pan or wok, heat the oil over high heat. When the oil begins to swirl, add the ground pork, salt and ginger. Break the pork up with a spoon and stir while browning. When the pork is cooked through and golden, add the garlic, scallions, bean sprouts and peas. Stir and cook for a minute or so more, then push it to the side and add a bit more oil, if needed. Add the rice and quickly stir to heat and toast the rice. Once a crust has formed on some of the rice, add the soy sauce and chili sauce. Season with more salt, if needed. Incorporate the rice with the rest of the ingredients in the pan. Once combined, push to the sides and add the eggs to the center, allowing the eggs to curdle lightly. Rapidly stir the rice in to coat while the eggs are cooking. The eggs act as glue instead of being left as big curds separated from the rice. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately.nRinse the rice 3 times to remove the starch. Put the rice in a medium saucepan. Fill the saucepan with enough water to cover the rice by 12inch. Or measure by putting your thumb tip on the rice and filling the pot with water until the water reaches the middle of your thumbnail. Bring the rice to a simmer over low heat, then cover and cook until tender and liquid is evaporated, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let the rice stand another 5 minutes, covered., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, 12 pound ground pork, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 lightly packed cup bean sprouts, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 12 cups day old Right Rice, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, plus more to taste, 1 tablespoon chili sauce recommended: Sriracha, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 12 cups Carolina rice, Water, for rinsing and cooking], title: PorkFried Dirty Rice, picturelink: 2VyPvcgNGxMUdwKJq5EUIzhmXnInRt2}, 54520: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large soup pot over a mediumhigh heat. Add the Canadian bacon, onions and celery. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 6 minutes. Add the potatoes, clams, clam juice, thyme and water, to cover. Bring to a boil, and simmer until potatoes are soft, about 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 slices Canadian bacon about 2 ounces, chopped, 1 large onion, chopped about 2 cups, 1 cup chopped celery about 3 stalks, 4 cups red bliss potatoes about 1 14 pounds, cut into 12inch dice, 2 cups chopped clams, 2 cups clam juice, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme or 12 teaspoon dried, Water, to cover, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Rhode Island Style Clam Chowder, picturelink: gE1DT4QMwmRqM65rBRSstjzMlGJfVBi}, 54521: {instructions: Pulse 2 teaspoons each fresh thyme, oregano and marjoram, 2 stalks chopped celery, 1 chopped carrot, 3 roughly chopped scallions, 12 seeded jalapeno, 1 garlic clove, the juice of 12 lemon, 8 ounces each lowfat cottage cheese and fatfree plain Greek yogurt, and 12 teaspoon each kosher salt and pepper in a food processor or blender until well combined. Serve with crudites.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Zesty Ranch Dip, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 54522: {instructions: Combine all the vegetables and tarragon in a serving bowl. Dress salad with vinegar, oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish the salad with lots of sesame seeds when ready to serve., ingredients: [12 cucumber, thinly sliced peel a seeded cucumber, rinse a seedless cucumber with peel left on, 1 ripe tomato, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 small red onion or 12 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 large or 2 medium romaine hearts, washed and chopped, 3 to 4 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves or 2 teaspoons dried, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar or white wine, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Mixed Salad with Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 54523: {instructions: In a large pot over medium heat, stir together 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, the butter and salt, and bring to a simmer.nIn the meantime, preheat a deep fryer to 360 degrees F. Alternatively you can use a large heavybottomed pot with enough oil to come 3 inches up the sides.nIn a large bowl stir together the remaining 1 cup sugar with the cinnamon and set aside.nWhen the dough mixture in the pot reaches a simmer, dump in the flour and stir with a wooden spoon to incorporate and remove lumps, about 1 minute.nRemove the flour mixture from the heat and scrape into a heatproof bowl. Add in the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition until fully incorporated. Spoon the batter into a pastry bag or a plastic resealable bag fitted with a star tip and carefully pipe the dough into the heated oil, forming 6inch strips. Fry in batches, being careful not to overcrowd the pot, for 3 to 5 minutes, turning once as the underside browns. Remove with a spider or slotted spoon and drain on papertowellined sheet tray or plate. Repeat for the remaining churro batter.nGently add the hot churros to the bowl of cinnamon sugar, tossing to coat. Serve the churros with Tequila Infused Chocolate Ganache, Lavender Infused Cajeta, Strawberry Dipping Sauce and an assortments of nuts, strawberries and apple slices.nPlace the chocolate into a medium stainlesssteel bowl.nIn a saucepot, combine the cream, orange liqueur, tequila, nutmeg and cinnamon stick. Heat the mixture over medium heat. Bring just to a boil, then remove from the heat. Remove the cinnamon stick, and then pour over the chocolate and whisk until smooth. Serve immediately.nCombine the cream and lavender in a small saucepot and heat over medium heat. As soon as the cream comes to a boil remove from the heat and stir in the cajeta until it has been evenly incorporated. Let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. Strain through a fine mesh sieve. Serve immediately.nCombine the condensed milk and cream into a medium bowl. Whisk until evenly incorporated. Fold in the strawberries. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Canola oil, for frying, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 3 medium eggs, Tequila Infused Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, LavenderInfused Cajeta, recipe follows, Strawberry Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, Mixed nuts, Fresh strawberries, Granny Smith apples, cored stemmed and sliced, 9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 12 teaspoons orange liqueur, 1 12 teaspoons tequila reposado, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 cinnamon stick, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons lavender, 1 cup cajeta, 1 cup sweetened condensed milk, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 fresh strawberries, diced], title: Churros, picturelink: brZuBMmMlZ96MjaCDwEVXTEMfJ1aEne}, 54524: {instructions: In a large saucepan cover beets with salted water by 1 inch. Simmer beets, covered, 35 to 45 minutes, or until tender, and drain in a colander. Cool beets until they can be handled and slip off skins and stems. Cut beets lengthwise into wedges. Beets may be prepared up to this point 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Bring beets to room temperature before proceeding.nIn a large skillet stir together vinegar, syrup or honey, and oil and add beets. Cook beet mixture with salt and pepper to taste over moderate heat, stirring, until heated through and coated well. Sprinkle about half of thyme over beets and toss gently.nServe beets sprinkled with remaining thyme., ingredients: [3 12 pounds beets 4 pounds with greens attached, reserving greens for another use, scrubbed and trimmed, leaving about 1inch of stems attached, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup or honey, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves], title: BalsamicGlazed Beets, picturelink: null}, 54525: {instructions: In a large, deep heavy pot or an electric fryer heat the oil to 375 degrees.nIn a large bowl, beat together the egg and sugar. Stir in the milk and the shortening. Sift together all of the dry ingredients. Stir the dry ingredients into the egg mixture and stir to combine. Chill the dough for 30 minutes. On a lightly floured surface, flatten the dough to 12 inch thickness with your fingertips or a rolling pin. Cut out the doughnuts using a doughnut cutter or two sizes of round cookie cutters. Transfer doughnuts to wax paper and allow to dry for 10 minutes. Using a spatula dipped in the hot oil, carefully transfer the doughnuts to the hot oil. Cook 2  3 doughnuts at a time, flipping them when they brown on a side. Remove to paper towels to drain. Dust with confectioners sugar or cinnamon sugar mixture. Serve warm.nDoughnut holes: Add dough to hot oil by the spoonful and fry until golden.nVariations: Chocolate doughnuts: Combine the melted shortening with 1 ounce of melted chocolate before adding to batter.nGlazed doughnuts: Combine 12 cup confectioners sugar with 2 teaspoons hot milk and 12 teaspoon vanilla. Drizzle over cooled doughnuts.nJelly doughnuts: Stir 12 cup jelly of choice until smooth. Transfer jelly to a plastic baggie and snip off one corner to squeeze out jelly. Poke doughnut round with a chopstick And squirt in jelly., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable oil, 1 egg, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons melted shortening, 2 cups sifted flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Dash of cinnamon, Dash of nutmeg, Dash of salt, Coatings: Confectioners sugar or granulated sugar mixed with cinnamon], title: Basic Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 54526: {instructions: For the frosting: Whisk the sugar, flour and salt together in a medium saucepan, then stir in the hefeweizen. Place the pan over medium heat and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Continue boiling, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes this cooks out the raw flour taste. Remove the pan from the heat and scrape the frosting base into a shallow bowl. Press a sheet of plastic wrap directly on the surface and refrigerate until chilled and thick, at least 2 hours.nFor the cake: Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the cups of two 12cup muffin pans with cupcake liners.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, salt and cloves in a bowl until evenly combined. Combine the sugar, butter, vanilla and orange zest in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on medium speed until pale and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition, until smooth. Alternately, add the flour mixture and the hefeweizen, beginning and ending with the flour mixture, until the batter is smooth. Divide the batter among the muffin cups about scant 14 cup per muffin cup then bake until a cake tester inserted in the center of the cupcakes comes out clean, about 25 minutes.nLet the cupcakes cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then transfer the cupcakes to a wire rack and let cool completely.nRemove the frosting base from the refrigerator and let stand for 10 minutes to come to room temperature. Beat the butter for the frosting on medium speed until lightened and creamy, about 3 minutes. Mash the frosting base with the back of a spoon until it is spreadable, then add a third of the frosting base to the butter and beat until evenly incorporated. Add half of the remaining frosting base, beat until smooth, then add the remaining frosting base and the vanilla and beat until the frosting is fluffy and light, about 2 minutes.nFrost the cupcakes with a spoon or transfer the frosting to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inchwide fluted tip and pipe mounds onto the top of each cupcake. Garnish each cupcake with an orange wedge before serving., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, One 11.2ounce bottle hefeweizen beer, 3 sticks 1 12 cups unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Twentyfour small 18inchthick orange wedges, 2 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, 2 large eggs, 34 cup hefeweizen], title: Hefeweizen Orange Cupcakes, picturelink: M8OHeS7EbN4K2dipLP6Xxw76RYJNUq}, 54527: {instructions: Mix all ingredients except tortillas, cheese, avocados, and cilantro together in a large, heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to mediumlow, cover and simmer for 30 to 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Shred the pork, using 2 forks, or mashing with a potato masher. Put shredded pork back into sauce and mix ingredients. Cover up and cook on low for another 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, cook a tortilla about 2 minutes on each side. Spoon some pork onto the tortilla and top with 4 to 5 avocado pieces and cilantro. Heat up another tortilla until toasted and add cheese. Cook until cheese is melted. Place the second tortilla cheese side down on top of the pork and avocado. Cut into 4 slices and repeat process. Garnish with cilantro and serve.nAdd all ingredients and mix together., ingredients: [2 to 3pound pork tenderloin, cut in 1 12inch slices, quartered, 1 12ounce bottle beer, 2 tablespoons papaya nectar or juice, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup ketchup, 1 cup regular barbecue sauce, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons Delicioso Adobo, recipe follows, 20 flour tortillas, 2 cups grated queso fresco or farmers cheese, 3 avocados, thinly sliced, Cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon parsley flakes, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, 1 teaspoon achiote powder from annatto seed, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper], title: Quick Pulled Pork Chicadillas, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 54528: {instructions: Fill bread slices with VELVEETA.nSpread outsides of sandwiches with margarine.nCook in skillet on medium heat 3 min. on each side or until golden brown on both sides., ingredients: [8 tsp. soft margarine, 8 slices white bread, 6 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, sliced], title: VELVEETA Ultimate Grilled Cheese, picturelink: null}, 54529: {instructions: Special equipment: a 2quart baking dish or an 8inch square baking pannFor the oatmeal: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 2quart baking dish or an 8inch square baking pan with the butter.nStir together the oats, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the almond milk, vanilla and egg in a medium bowl. Pour the milk mixture into the oat mixture and stir to combine.nFor the topping: In a medium bowl, stir together the walnuts, oats, sugar, butter, flour, pumpkin pie spice and salt.nPour the oatmeal into the prepared baking dish. Scoop heaping tablespoons of the pumpkin puree directly into the oatmeal, and sprinkle the topping over the dish. The mixture will be very wet at this point, but the oats will soak up the liquid. Bake until lightly browned and just set, about 50 minutes.nCool on a rack for 10 to 15 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 14 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 23 cups plain unsweetened almond milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 13 cup chopped walnuts, 13 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon whole wheat pastry flour or unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, One 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree], title: Healthy PumpkinOatmeal Bake, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 54530: {instructions: Put the pork on a platter and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil and lime juice and turn to coat the pork with the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in the refrigerator.nFor the ChileCoconut Sauce:nHeat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger, garlic, lemongrass and chile and cook to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the coconut milk, and sugar and simmer until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lime juice and season with fish sauce, and salt and pepper. Cool to room temperature. Add cilantro stems and puree using an immersion blender or blender.nPreheat an outdoor gas or charcoal grill. Blot some oil onto a thick square of paper towel and then carefully and quickly wipe the hot grates of the grill to make a nonstick surface. Put the pork on the grill and cook, turning to brown all sides, until crusty on the outside and almost cooked through but still slightly pink in the center, 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove from the grill and let rest for a few minutes.nTo serve, slice the pork and add it to the bowl with the tomato salad. Pour over the chilecoconut sauce and toss it all together.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread the coconut out in a thin layer on a baking sheet and bake, shaking every now and then for even cooking, until lightly browned, about 10 minutes.nIn a big bowl, toss together the tomatoes, red onion, chile, cilantro, mint, and salt and pepper. Drizzle with olive oil or with some remaining ChileCoconut Sauce and fold in the toasted coconut and scallions., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins, 1 12 to 2pounds total, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 lemongrass stalk, white part only, chopped into small pieces, 1 fresh red jalapeno, cut into rounds, 1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon fish sauce recommended: Nam pla, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Stems from 14 bunch fresh cilantro, ChileCoconut Tomato Salad, recipe follows, 1 12 cups shredded, unsweetened coconut, 2 pounds fresh heirloom tomatoes, cut into big chunks variety of colors purple, yellow, bright red, 12 small red onion, slivered, 1 fresh red jalapeno, thinly sliced, Leaves from 14 bunch fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Handful fresh mint leaves, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 scallions, trimmed and chopped], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Spicy ChileCoconut Tomato Salad, picturelink: Pm6z14VinKuA0FtJrY87u4UJvYdJvO}, 54531: {instructions: Grease 4 ramekins with soft butter, mix the eggs and cream together and fill the molds half way up. Saute the other 4 ingredients for 4 to 5 minutes and put into the mold bake in a water bath at 375 degrees or 20 minutes or until stiff to the shake., ingredients: [Butter, 2 Eggs, 1 cup cream, 1 cup corn raw, off the cob, 1 cup butternut squash, diced, 12 tablespoon garlic, 12 tablespoon shallots, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Savory Corn Butternut Squash Brulee, picturelink: null}, 54532: {instructions: In a blender, combine the banana, caramel sauce, cinnamon, rum, if using, and milk and blend until smooth. Add the ice cream and blend until incorporated. Pour into a tall glass, and garnish with a dollop of whipped cream, a few slices of banana and a drizzle of caramel sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 overly ripe banana, peeled and cut into chunks, 14 cup good quality caramel sauce recommended: Frans, plus more for garnish, Pinch ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon dark rum, optional, 13 cup whole milk, 10 ounces vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, for garnish, Banana slices, for garnish], title: Bananas Foster Milkshake, picturelink: G.NCLQVHg3k8tIEQiwX0faGWEXKCgJ.}, 54533: {instructions: Scoop out seeds from each melon half. Cut each half into 6 wedges. Remove melon skins. Add 1 slice of prosciutto to top of each wedge. Drizzle with balsamic vinegar. Add pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 honey dew melon or cantaloupe, halved, 12 thin slices, prosciutto, 4 ounces balsamic vinegar, Black pepper], title: Prosciutto and Melon, picturelink: null}, 54534: {instructions: In a medium saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil over mediumhigh heat and saute the diced pepperoni until it releases some of its oil, about 3 minutes. Add the remaining oil and garlic and lower the heat to mediumlow. Let flavors infuse over the low heat for 5 to 7 minutes. Meanwhile, in a bowl, mix together the adobo, paprika, and cayenne. Add the shrimp and coat them evenly with the spices. Let rest for 15 minutes on the counter to come to room temperature. Add the shrimp to the garlic oil, raise heat slightly to cook, stirring and turning to cook the shrimp evenly, 6 to 8 minutes. Serve as an appetizer with toothpicks and crusty chewy bread, for sopping., ingredients: [1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 16ounce pepperoni, 12inch dice, 1 head garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon adobo seasoning, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 12 pounds 16 to 20 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, Crusty chewy bread, for sopping], title: Shrimp in Garlic Pepperoni Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54535: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a rapid boil. Add pasta and stir gently. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add broccoli and cook 5 minutes longer. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, in a large sautu00e9 pan over mediumhigh heat, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil.nSautu00e9 onion, squash, zucchini and peppers for 5 minutes.nAdd garlic, mushrooms and chicken to sautu00e9 pan and cook for 3 minutes.nAdd 3 tablespoons of olive oil to sautu00e9 pan. Stir in spinach and tomatoes. Stir until spinach is wilted.nTurn off heat. Add spaghetti and broccoli, toss to combine. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces Reggano Spaghetti, 1 head broccoli, cut into small florets, 4 tablespoons Carlini 100 Pure Olive Oil, divided, 12 yellow onion, diced, 1 yellow squash, cut into 12 inch slices, 1 zucchini, cut into 12 inch slices, 1 yellow pepper, diced, 1 red pepper, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 4 large button mushrooms, quartered, 6 ounces Kirkwood Chicken Breast Strips, 2 cups Little Salad Bar Flat Leaf Spinach, 1 cup diced tomato, Stonemill Iodized Salt, to taste, Stonemill Ground Black Pepper, to taste], title: Chicken Primavera, picturelink: jDJZEMoMX6S5TNVwnZbb4hkGnQlzcq}, 54536: {instructions: Peel celery root, chop it up roughly and grate in a food processor. Immediately toss with lemon juice, cover and refrigerate until the next day.nWhen ready to eat, combine the mayonnaise, mustard, capers, parsley and cornichons season with lemon juice to taste, salt and pepper and toss with grated celery root., ingredients: [1 and 12 pounds celery root, Lemon, 23 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons minced capers, 1 tablespoon minced parsley, 1 tablespoon minced cornichons, Salt and pepper], title: Celery Root Remoulade, picturelink: null}, 54537: {instructions: Stir together the lime zest and juice, sugar and pepper. Add the watermelon, basil, cucumber, jalapeno and onion and toss gently. Chill the salsa until ready to serve.nAdd the garlic salt just before serving. Serve with tortilla or pita chips., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons lime zest from about 1 lime plus 14 cup fresh lime juice from about 3 limes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 teaspoon pepper, 3 cups finely chopped seeded watermelon, 8 fresh basil leaves, finely chopped, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, Tortilla or pita chips, for serving], title: Watermelon Salsa, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 54538: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade, combine the flour, sugar, and baking powder. Cut in the butter. Pulse until butter is well distributed and the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Add eggs and pulse again until dough clumps together. Gather the dough into a ball. Divide dough and wrap in waxed paper. Chill for 1 hour.nAdd water and vinegar to a medium pot. Add cherries and cook until cherries are soft. Drain.nHeat up grill.nButter a 10inch round cake pan. Roll dough into a circle and transfer to cake pan. Pinch edges to form a crust, like that of a pan pizza. Fill dough with pastry cream. Spread cherry preserves and cherries. Place pie on pizza on pizza stone on grill. Cook until dough is crispy and brown, about 1 hour.nIn a 2quart saucepan, combine the milk and vanilla bean and bring to a boil. Turn off heat immediately and keep warm while you whisk the yolks.nIn a medium bowl, combine the yolks, sugar, and cornstarch and whisk until thoroughly combined. While whisking, slowly add the warm milk mixture into the yolks and then transfer this back into the saucepan over medium heat.nWhisk constantly while you bring the custard to a boil it should begin to thicken immediately. Whisk until thickened completely, about 3 minutes.nPour through a finemesh strainer into a clean bowl and use a rubber spatula to push everything through. Place a sheet of plastic wrap directly on the surface of the custard to prevent a skin from forming and refrigerate until completely chilled.nYield: 5 cups, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 3 tablespoons cold butter, 3 eggs, lightly beaten with 3 tablespoons water, 1 cup water, 12 cup Champagne or vinegar, 1 cup pitted Bing cherries, 3 cups thin pastry cream, wellchilled, recipe follows, 34 cup cherry preserves, 1 quart whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds removed, 10 large egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup cornstarch], title: Grilled Sour Cherry Pizza, picturelink: null}, 54539: {instructions: Steam the peas in a large strainer over an inch of simmering water, covered, for about 5 to 7 minutes or until easily mashed with a fork. Transfer steamed peas in the strainer to a bowl of ice water and chill. Drain and puree peas in a food processor or food mill until smooth. Add tablespoons of cooking liquid to achieve desired consistency., ingredients: [1 pound fresh peas, shelled and rinsed], title: Fresh Spring Pea Puree, picturelink: null}, 54540: {instructions: For the grits: Bring the milk and salt to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the grits, stirring with a fork to prevent any lumps from forming. Once the grits have started to thicken, reduce the heat to low and cook, stirring constantly, until thick and smooth, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm.nFor the tomato gravy: Meanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, heat the oil until it shimmers. Add the grape tomatoes, sugar and garlic and cook until the tomatoes start to soften, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter let melt. Stir in flour and cook until starting to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the broth, tomato paste, salt and pepper until smooth. Continue cooking until the mixture comes to a boil it will thicken as it heats. When thick like a gravy, remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter.nServe the warm grits in shallow bowls, topped with tomato gravy and collard greens.nPrepare the collards for cooking by cutting the large stems from the center of the leaves. Stack the leaves and cut them crosswise into 1inch stripsnPut 2 inches of water in a saucepan large enough to hold the raw collards the leaves can be pushed down tightly and will wilt to about onequarter volume as they cook. Add the ham hock or pork and bring the water to a boil. Add the collards and toss with tongs until the water returns to a boil and the leaves wilt down into the pan. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer over low heat for 1 hour, or until tender. Stir occasionally, checking to be sure there is enough liquid to prevent scorching. Taste the liquid and add salt if needed. Serve with buttermilk cornbread and hot sauce., ingredients: [4 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup grits, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Collards, for serving, recipe follows, 2 large bunches collards, homegrown or from the produce section, rinsed well, 12 pound cured ham hock or salt pork, 12 cup salt, for brine optional, see Cooks Note below, Buttermilk cornbread, for serving, Hot sauce, for serving], title: Creamy Grits with Tomato Gravy and Greens, picturelink: 1wU4OGa4.fqIBngerF1fgBt8OfyrPBS}, 54541: {instructions: Cut the red potatoes in half. Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook until tender, approximately 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes and set aside.nIn a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Add the pancetta and cook until crisp, about 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the leeks and cook until softened, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the potatoes and toss well to combine. Stir in the smoked paprika and red pepper flakes and cook for 5 minutes. Mix well, then add the fresh herbs. Season the hash, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound red bliss potatoes, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, cut into small chunks, 3 leeks, washed and cut in half moons, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Funked Out Leek and Pancetta Hash, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 54542: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Do not cover. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until fork tender, about 45 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and return them to the pan. Swirl the pan over medium heat until the skins are dry, about 1 minute. Halve the potatoes crosswise. Put the halves in a ricer cutside down and press the potato through the ricer into a bowl. The flesh should easily pass through the holes and the skins remain in the ricer. Discard the skin, and repeat with the remaining potatoes. Alternatively, peel the cooked potatoes and put through a food mill or mash with a handheld potato masher.nHeat the butter and milk in the saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot but not boiling. Add the nutmeg, if desired, stir into the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve immediately.nPrepared horseradishnBlue cheesenRoasted garlicnChopped fresh herbsnPrepared pestonReal bits of baconnUse olive oil instead of butternPrepared wasabi, ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes about 4 medium, whole, scrubbed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, 14 cup unsalted butter, 34 cup whole milk, Freshly grated nutmeg optional, Freshly ground black or white pepper], title: Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ojwszdPNdoDG5bBcI6Aw0NE.jFxQRC}, 54543: {instructions: In a small dry skillet, heat the peppercorns over medium heat until fragrant, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a pan large enough to hold the racks and add the mustard, soy sauce, red wine, thyme, garlic, and oil. Mix, add the racks, and turn to coat them. Marinate in the refrigerator, turning occasionally, at least 8 hours and preferably overnight. Prepare an outdoor grill or preheat the broiler. Season the lamb with the salt and pepper and grill over high heat, or broil, turning once, until brown and crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Let rest 3 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon black peppercorns, plus ground pepper, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 cup red wine, 2 sprigs thyme, 14 cup finely chopped garlic, 12 cup canola oil, 2 lamb racks, about 1 pound each, chine bone removed, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish], title: Grilled New Zealand Lamb Rack, picturelink: null}, 54544: {instructions: For the crust: In a large bowl or food processor, mix the flour and salt. Add the oil and liquid and mix briefly, until a dough forms. Pour the dough out onto a floured board and knead until the dough is smooth, about 5 minutes. Cover and let rest for 30 minutes.nPreheat a pot of canola oil to 375 degrees F.nFor the filling: In a large pot, briefly boil the greens until wilted. Remove and strain the excess water.nHeat a saute pan on medium heat. Add 4 ounces of the olive oil. When the oil is hot add in the spring onions and cook until translucent. Add the scallions, and continue to saute until they are tender. Add the wilted greens and parsley and saute for 3 minutes more. Remove from heat and add the dill and salt, to season. Set aside to cool.nDivide the dough into 4 pieces. On a floured surface, roll 1 piece out into a large rectangle. Trim the edges if needed. Brush both sides of the dough with olive oil and place a generous portion of the filling on 1 end of the dough, leaving a 1inch border. Roll the dough in a cylinder and then shape into a coil. Continue with the other dough pieces and repeat the process. Fry them one at a time. Cut in half and serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [4 to 4 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 ounces olive oil, 1 cup water or milk, 2 pounds mixed greens mustard, dandelion, and rocket, 4 ounces olive oil, plus 8 ounces, 3 spring onions or white onion, thinly sliced, 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 cup parsley, roughly chopped, 4 ounces dill, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Hortopita, picturelink: null}, 54545: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust:nIn a heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. When the butter is melted, add the shallots and thyme and saute until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the chile powder and stir. Add the bread crumbs and saute until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Remove the crumbs to a small bowl and let cool.nFor the lamb:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn the same large skillet over high heat, heat the oil. Working in batches, add the lamb racks to skillet, rounded side down. Sear until brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer to a clean cutting board, seared side up. Spread 2 teaspoons of the mustard over each rack. Press the crumb topping into mustard on the racks, dividing equally. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet. Roast in the oven until desired doneness, 25 minutes for medium well. Let the lamb rest 5 to 7 minutes before slicing. Arrange the sliced lamb on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 large shallots, minced about 34 cup, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder see Cooks Note, 1 12 cups fresh bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 welltrimmed racks of lamb each about 1 14 pounds, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard], title: Chile Crusted Rack of Lamb, picturelink: 7z7Kb4ypBac2TKdoEGcR6rw3VGl4RO6}, 54546: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl combine leftover turkey and salsa. To construct quesadilla, place one tortilla on work surface and spread with half the mashed sweet potato. Then add half the turkey mixture and half the cheese. Top with tortilla and brush with a bit of canola oil.nIn a large skillet over medium high heat add quesadilla oil side down then brush the top with oil. Cook for about 3 minutes until bottom begins to brown and cheese starts to melt. Flip and repeat.nIn a small bowl combine mayonnaise, sour cream, lime juice, chipotle, cumin, and cilantro, and season with salt and pepper.nRemove quesadilla from pan, cut into wedges and serve with chipotle dipping sauce. Garnish with green onions., ingredients: [2 cups shredded leftover turkey, 14 cup salsa I like tomatillo but whatever you have is fine, 4 large flour tortillas, 12 cup sweet potatoes, mashed, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 lime, juiced, 1 canned chipotle pepper, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 green onion for garnish, sliced], title: Turkey and Sweet Potato Quesadillas with Chipotle Mayo, picturelink: 2EVyg6g1syuHQpo8X4Qgq8TIwThPJC2}, 54547: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the beets in a large pot of water, season heavily with salt and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and cook until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the beets from the water, cover with a clean kitchen towel and allow to cool for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the lemon zest and juice, parsley, olive oil, thyme and green onions in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nUsing the same kitchen towel, remove the skins of the beets. Cut the beets into 12inchthick halfmoon pieces and add to the dressing. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nWhen ready to serve, add the marinated beets to each individual plate. Top with some crumbled blue cheese and watercress., ingredients: [5 to 6 medium beets about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon zest plus 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley about 12 bunch, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves removed and chopped, 2 green onions, green parts only, sliced, 2 ounces Stilton blue cheese, crumbled, 1 bunch watercress, leaves and thin stems only], title: Marinated Beet and Stilton Salad, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 54548: {instructions: Season the chicken thighs generously with salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a large saucepan over high heat. Brown the chicken well on both sides. Remove chicken and set aside. Reduce heat to medium and saute onion, garlic, oregano and cumin for a few minutes. Stir in tomatoes, lime juice, sugar and salt. Add chicken back to the sauce bring to a simmer, cover and cook for 45 minutes.nRemove chicken from cooking liquid and let rest until cool enough to handle. Pull the meat from the bone and toss with the cooking liquid. Discard the bones and skin.nRub a cast iron skillet lightly with vegetable oil and heat over medium flame.nSprinkle cheese all over the tortilla. Top with pulled chicken, serranos and another tortilla. Toast on each side in the skillet until warmed through and cheese has completely melted. Repeat with the remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken thighs about 5 thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for cast iron skillet, 1 medium onion, chopped, 5 or 6 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried cumin, 1 26ounce can chopped tomatoes, 2 limes, juiced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 to 10 flour tortillas, 1 8ounce can whole serrano chiles, roughly chopped, 8ounces grated sharp white Cheddar, Chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken Quesadillas with Serrano Chiles and White Cheddar, picturelink: 0CZshBuufZmBhJSQ.cUkMjv7DbcCce}, 54549: {instructions: Cook the celery, carrot and onion in the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the oregano, cumin, red pepper flakes, celery seeds and garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the black beans, bouillon, bay leaf and tomatoes, then add enough water to cover by an inch or two about 4 cups.nBring to a simmer and cook at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours, adding more water if the soup is too thick remove the bay leaf. Season with salt and pepper.nServe with Cubano Sandwiches.nSplit open and quarter 1 loaf French bread. Mix 2 tablespoons each mayonnaise and dijon mustard and spread on the bread. Sandwich with sliced Swiss cheese, delistyle ham, roast pork, pickles and more cheese. Butter the sandwiches, then cook in a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat, pressing with a heavy skillet, 2 minutes. Flip, reduce the heat to medium low and cook, pressing, until golden, 1 more minute.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon celery seeds, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups cooked black beans or one 15ounce can, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon vegetarian or chicken bouillon base, 1 bay leaf, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Serving suggestion: Cubano Sandwiches, recipe follows], title: Black Bean Soup, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 54550: {instructions: Start by cleaning the softshell crabs, removing the gills and the skirt flap. Refrigerate until ready to cook. On the stove, over medium heat slowly bring the vegetable oil to 325 degrees. Then lower the heat to hold the temperature. While the oil is heating prepare the buttermilk by mixing the grated lemon zest and season with salt and pepper. Combine Flour with Old Bay Seasoning. The correct way to batter using flour is a method known as drywetdry, so start by coating the crabs with the flour seasoned with Old Bay then dredging them into the buttermilk and then back into the flour. Carefully using tongs drop the crabs into the oil and fry until crisp, when golden brown, remove from oil and drain on a paper towel. Serve the crabs in a basket with frenchfries, coleslaw, grilled corn, tartar sauce, and lemon. Another delicious serving suggestion is a simple softshell sandwich. To make the sandwich place the fried crab in between 2 slices of lightly toasted white bread with lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise, ingredients: [2 large softshell crabs, 2 quarts vegetable oil for frying, 2 cups buttermilk, Grated zest of 1 lemon, Salt and pepper, 2 cups flour, 14 cup Old Bay seasoning, Large pot for frying], title: SoftShell Crab Basket, picturelink: null}, 54551: {instructions: Heat a large griddle or castiron skillet over medium heat.nPrepare the sandwiches by spreading 4 slices of the bread with preserves. Top with a slice of cheese, 2 slices of folded prosciutto, then another slice of cheese. Spread the remaining bread slices with Dijon and set in place over the cheese.nIn a large shallow bowl, beat the eggs with the milk or cream, Parmesan, and parsley. Nest the butter in a paper towel and wipe it across the hot pan. Dip the sandwiches into the egg mixture and cook the sandwiches until deep golden, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side.nToss the arugula with the lemon juice, extravirgin olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a large serving bowl. Cut the sandwiches from corner to corner and serve alongside the salad., ingredients: [8 slices good quality white bread, 12 cup fig or plum preserves, 8 slices mild provolone or fontina cheese, 8 slices prosciutto cotto with rosemary recommended: Citterio, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 3 eggs, 12 cup milk or cream, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, a couple handfuls, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon butter, 6 cups arugula or baby arugula, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: ItalianStyle Monte Cristo Sandwiches, picturelink: 5c4ZwM7JcqukKxa1J.gRT6MQ6PyIu}, 54552: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fold four 15 by 10inch pieces of parchment paper in half. Cut out a large half heart shape along the crease of each piece of parchment paper.nLightly season the snapper fillets with salt and pepper. Lightly brush each heartshaped piece of parchment with butter. Place a heaping tablespoon of the diced tomato on the paper and top with snapper fillet. Place a quarter of the amount of the lemon zest, ginger, onion, carrot, and leeks on top of the snapper. Reserve half of the chives for garnish. Place a quarter of the remaining chives and 1 sprig of chervil on top of the vegetables. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of white wine over the vegetables and fish. Seal the parcel by tightly folding up the edges and twisting the ends. Repeat process for the remaining fillets.nArrange the parcels on a baking sheet. Bake for approximately 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the parcels to individual serving plates. Garnish with the remaining chives and diced tomatoes.nImmediately serve the parcels unopened. Each guest can carefully open their parcel., ingredients: [4 red snapper fillets scaled with skin, about 4 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large tomato, peeled, seeded and finely diced, 1 tablespoon chopped gingerroot, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 3 leeks, washed, soaked, finely julienned, blanched and drained, 1 carrot, peeled and finely julienned, blanched and drained, 12 bunch chives, cut into 1 12inch sticks, Zest of one lemon, 4 sprigs of chervil, 4 tablespoons white wine, Unsalted butter], title: Red Snapper Parcels with Julienne of Vegetables and Aromatics, picturelink: null}, 54553: {instructions: In a blender, combine the red peppers, broth, vinegar, and oil and process until smooth. Transfer mixture to a small saucepan and set over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, partially cover, and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the basil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Let come to room temperature and store in a plastic container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week or in the freezer up to 3 months., ingredients: [1 cup roasted red peppers from waterpacked jar, 1 cup reducedsodium vegetable or chicken broth, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54554: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine 14 cup cold water, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a small baking dish. Pierce the pork chops all over with a fork add to the brine. Let sit, flipping once, 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce and honey mustard in a shallow dish. Combine the crushed croutons and parmesan in another shallow dish. Put the flour on a plate.nRemove the pork from the brine pat dry. Dredge in the flour, then the mayonnaise mixture, and then the crouton mixture, pressing to coat. Transfer to a rack set on a baking sheet. Bake until golden and cooked through, about 20 minutes.nSlice off the top and bottom of 3 oranges with a paring knife, then cut off the peel and pith. Slice into rounds, discard any seeds and transfer to a large bowl. Squeeze the juice of the remaining 2 oranges into the bowl.nCut the pork chops into 12inch pieces. Add the pork, arugula, onion and olive oil to the bowl toss. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 boneless centercut pork loin chops about 1 pound, trimmed, 5 tablespoons light mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon honey mustard, 34 cup fatfree croutons any flavor, crushed, 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 5 large navel oranges, 1 5ounce package baby arugula about 8 cups, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: ArugulaCitrus Salad with Pork, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 54555: {instructions: Cooks Note: If using unbleached allpurpose flour instead of unbleached pastry flour, reduce the flour quantity to 3 cups.nFor the pineapple filling: Combine sugar, pineapple, cornstarch, butter, lemon zest, ginger, and salt and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thick and clear. Stir in the lemon juice and cool completely.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 30 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder, and sea salt into a medium bowl and whisk together. In a liquid measuring cup, mix the wine with the vanilla extract and vanilla paste. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition. Turn the mixer to the lowest speed and alternate adding the flour mixture and wine mixture, beginning and ending with the flour.nFill the cupcake liners 34 full and bake until golden brown, 18 to 22 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the almonds: Heat the almonds, sugar, and butter in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until the almonds are toasted and the sugar is golden brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in the vanilla. Spread on aluminum foil and sprinkle with the salt. Let cool, and then break into small clusters.nFor the whipped cream: Whip the heavy cream until fluffy. Whip in the goat cheese just until incorporated. Fold in the strawberries. Spoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a large straight pastry tip.nTo assemble: Remove a piece from the center of each cupcake and fill the cupcake with about 1 tablespoon pineapple filling. Pipe a swirl of goat cheese and strawberry whipped cream onto the top of each cupcake. Top each cupcake with a small amount of sugared almonds., ingredients: [23 cup sugar, 2 cups drained, crushed pineapple, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, 14 teaspoon ginger, Pinch salt, 12 cup lemon juice, 3 13 cups unbleached pastry flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 cups Sauvignon Blanc, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon vanilla bean paste, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon sea salt, 3 cups heavy whipping cream, 34 cup goat cheese, room temperature, softened with the back of a spoon, 1 cup chopped strawberries], title: Cupcakes with Pineapple Filling and Strawberry and Goat Cheese Whipped Cream, picturelink: zJedabporRAB12MA1aBecnfU7s1z1ai}, 54556: {instructions: Pour beer into a tall glass. Pour amaretto and rum into a shot glass. Light amaretto and rum with a lighter, drop shot glass into tall glass and drink., ingredients: [6 ounces beer, 1ounce amaretto, 12ounce high alcohol content rum recommended: Bacardi 151], title: Just What the Doctor Ordered, picturelink: PQsc4EWiy9ZVD8hUsSls25iPEkwaGh6}, 54557: {instructions: Special equipment: two 9inch round cake pansnFor the cake: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom of two 9inch round cake pans with parchment, and grease the parchment and the sides of the pans with oil.nStir together the cocoa powder and boiling water, and let sit to bloom for 5 minutes this step intensifies the chocolate flavor in the cake.nWhisk together the granulated sugar, flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the bloomed cocoa, oil, milk, eggs and vanilla in a medium bowl. Pour the cocoa mixture into the sugar mixture, and stir until smooth the batter will be thin. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared cake pans. Bake until the cakes bounce back when pressed in the middle and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool completely in the pans on a rack.nFor the filling and frosting: Heat the cream in a double boiler over low heat, whisking occasionally, until it begins to steam. Whisk in the cocoa powder, chocolate, espresso powder, vanilla and salt until the mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the butter until melted. Whisk in the confectioners sugar until incorporated. Let the frosting cool completely.nTo assemble: Put 1 cake, bottomside up, on a serving plate or cake stand. Spread about 1 cup of the frosting over the top but not all the way down the side. Top with the other cake, bottomside up, and frost the top and sides with the remaining frosting.nFor the spider web or mummy decoration: Microwave the marshmallows in a microwavesafe medium bowl until they start to grow in size and are soft enough to stir, about 1 minute. Let sit a few minutes until cool enough to touch. Spray your hands with cooking spray. For a spider web, pick up a tablespoonsized blob of the melted marshmallow and stretch it over and around the cake repeat so that the strings of marshmallow crisscross one another in many directions, and continue until you have what looks like a spider web. For a mummy, stretch the marshmallow so that all the strings on the top of the cake run in the same direction, leaving a small gap between strings for the mummys eyes to peek out. Garnish with a candy spider or candy eyes., ingredients: [23 cup vegetable oil, plus more for greasing the baking pans, 1 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 1 cup boiling water, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 34 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, sifted, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon espresso powder, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, Spider Web or Mummy Decoration:, 2 cups mini marshmallows about 4 ounces, Cooking spray, Candy spider or candy eyes, for decorating], title: Black Magic Cake, picturelink: qDzfMeQIjo0TmzBhyYgQmLdkXuI4LG}, 54558: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nBlend the flour, cornstarch, sesame seeds, salt, sugar, baking powder, water, sake, chile sauce, and fish sauce together in a large bowl. Dip the shrimp and scallops in the batter, letting the excess batter drip back into the bowl and gently drop into the hot oil. Fry the shrimp and scallops until crisp and golden, about 4 to 5 minutes.nTo make the cucumber salad: Whisk together the ginger, sugar, chile flakes, rice vinegar, and fish sauce. Toss the cucumber in the dressing and divide between 2 plates.nRemove the shrimp and scallops from the oil and drain on paper towels, season with salt. Place 2 shrimp and 1 scallop on each plate on top of the cucumber salad., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup cold water, 12 cup sake, 1 tablespoon chile sauce recommended: Sriracha, 14 teaspoon fish sauce, 4 large shrimp, peeled, and deveined, 2 large scallops, cleaned, 1 14inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated, 12 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 14 teaspoon fish sauce, 1 cucumber, julienned], title: Spicy Shrimp and Scallop Tempura with Cucumber Salad, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 54559: {instructions: In a small food processor, combine all ingredients. Refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 1 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 2 teaspoons adobo sauce optional, 1 teaspoon cider vinegar], title: Spicy Honey Dijon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54560: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the cream cheese and mayonnaise, and blend until mixed through. Next, add the sour cream and eggs, and mix until combined. Then add in the shrimp, pearl onions, green onions and celery, and process until mixed together.nScoop the dip onto a serving platter and form into a large mound with a hole in the top. Fill the hole with pepper jelly and top with chives. Serve with toast points for dipping., ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 4 hardcooked eggs, peeled, 1 12 pounds cooked shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 pearl onions, thinly sliced, 2 green onions, roughly chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, Pepper jelly, for topping, Chopped fresh chives, for topping, Toast points, for dipping], title: Shrimp Dip, picturelink: null}, 54561: {instructions: Remove giblets and neck from turkey discard. Rinse turkey thoroughly with cold water pat dry. Combine orange juice, water, 12 cup bourbon, and molasses in a 2gallon heavyduty ziptop plastic bag add turkey. Seal and marinate in refrigerator 4 to 24 hours turning bag occasionally. Remove turkey from bag, reserving marinade.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nTie ends of legs with cord. Lift wing tip up and over back and tuck under bird. Sprinkle 12 teaspoon salt into body cavity. Stuff cavity with oranges. Place turkey on a broiler pan coated with cooking spray or on a rack set in a shallow pan. Insert meat thermometer into meaty part of thigh, making sure not to touch bone. Bake at 350 degrees for 3 hours or until thermometer registers 180 degrees. Cover loosely with foil if it gets too brown. Remove turkey from oven. Cover loosely with foil let stand at least 10 minutes before carving. Discard oranges.nPour reserved marinade into saucepan bring to a boil. Skim foam from mixture with a slotted spoon discard. Reduce heat to medium cook until reduced to 3 12 cups about 15 minutes. Combine 14 cup bourbon and flour in a small bowl, stirring well with a whisk. Add to reduced marinade bring to a boil and cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Stir in 14 teaspoon salt. Serve sauce with turkey. Garnish with orange slices and parsley sprigs if desired., ingredients: [One 12pound fresh or frozen whole turkey, thawed, 2 cups fresh orange juice about 6 oranges, 1 cup water, 34 cup bourbon, divided, 13 cup molasses, 34 teaspoon salt, divided, 4 oranges, peeled, Cooking spray, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Orange slices optional, Flatleaf parsley sprigs optional], title: OrangeBourbon Turkey, picturelink: null}, 54562: {instructions: Heat a griddle over mediumhigh heat.nTo assemble the quesadillas: On each of 4 tortillas, layer some of the cheese and then onequarter of the beans, pork, salsa and scallions. Finish with more of the cheese, then top with a remaining tortilla.nCook the quesadillas on the griddle until golden brown on each side. Serve immediately or keep in a warm oven until serving. Serve with sour cream, avocado and cilantro for topping.nFor the pork tenderloin: Mix the honey, balsamic vinegar, ancho chile and garlic together in a large resealable plastic bag. Season the tenderloin with salt and pepper. Place the tenderloin in the bag and squeeze out as much air as possible before sealing. Place the bag in the refrigerator and marinate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nFor the apricotserrano salsa: In a bowl, combine the apricot, cilantro, lime juice, serrano and onion. Season the salsa with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nThe key to grilling a pork tenderloin evenly is to roll it to each of its 4 sides while cooking. Grill the tenderloin on the first side for about 5 minutes times vary per grill, so be careful not to overchar. Roll the tenderloin onto the next side and grill for another 5 minutes. Repeat on all 4 sides, 5 minutes per side, until an instantread thermometer registers around 150 degrees F. Allow the tenderloin to rest on a platter for about 10 minutes before you slice it, to allow the juices to redistribute. Serve with the apricotserrano salsa and enjoy, ingredients: [8 wholewheat flour tortillas, 4 cups grated Mexican blend cheese, One 15.5ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 cup cubed leftover pork tenderloin, such as Grilled Pork Tenderloin, recipe follows, 1 cup leftover apricot salsa, such as ApricotSerrano Salsa, recipe follows, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, Sliced avocado, for serving, Sour cream, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for serving, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chopped small cubes fresh apricots about 3 apricots, 12 cup fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 serrano pepper, finely chopped, 14 red onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pork, Black Bean and Apricot Quesadilla, picturelink: 7X7NwJzrJrcNaMr2OWEc33SwIWAnxu}, 54563: {instructions: Trim baby turnips and carrots, leaving about 12inch stems if green were attached, and peel if desired. If using regular turnips, peel and cut into 1inch pieces. In a steamer set over boiling water steam turnips and carrots separately, covered, until just tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Vegetables may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nIn a large heavy skillet cook vegetables in butter with sugar and salt and pepper to taste over moderately low heat, stirring, until heated through and glazed, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound baby turnips about 2 pounds with greens attached, 34 pound baby carrots about 2 pounds with green attached, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and pepper], title: Glazed Baby Turnips and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 54564: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch baking dishnMake the filling: Heat the butter in medium saute pan. Add the pears and saute until slightly tender and juicy, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 12 cup sugar and the cloves. Toss and remove from the heat to cool.nCombine the remaining 1 cup sugar, the lemon juice, syrup and orange zest and mix. Add the cranberries and toss to coat the fruit.nHeat a medium saute pan and add the cranberry mixture. Saute quickly, 3 to 5 minutes.nCombine the pear and cranberry mixtures in a bowl and set aside to cool.nMake the topping: In a medium bowl, combine the flour, sugar, cinnamon, ginger and salt. Mix to blend. Work the butter in with your fingers until the mixture is coarse and somewhat moist. The butter should not be fully integrated but there should not be any large chunks either. At the last minute, gently blend in the almonds.nAssemble the crumble: Arrange the fruit in the baking dish and spread the topping evenly over the fruit. Place the dish in the center of the oven and bake for 30 to 35 minutes. The fruit should be tender and yielding when pierced with the tip of a knife. Allow to cool slightly before serving. Grate a little zest from the lemon on top of the crumble. Serve with scoops of vanilla ice cream topped with Orange Garnish if desired.nBring 2 small pots of water to a boil.nUsing a small knife, peel one single piece of skin from around the equator center of each orange. Trim any thick pith off the inside of each peel, taking care they stay in one piece.nDrop the zests into the first pot and boil for 1 minute. Strain and drop them into the second pot. Cook for 1 minute, strain and set them aside.nIn a third small pot, bring the sugar, 2 cups water and turmeric to a boil. Submerge the orange zests and cook over high heat until the liquid boils. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the zests are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the zests to a baking sheet and allow them to cool flat., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 4 Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled and small diced, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon golden syrup, such as Lyles Golden Syrup, 1 tablespoon fresh orange zest, 24 ounces fresh cranberries prebagged, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoons ground dried ginger, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 lemon, for zesting on top, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, Orange Garnish, recipe follows, optional, 8 oranges, 2 cups granulated sugar, Pinch turmeric], title: Cranberry Almond Crumble, picturelink: tyydZS6aFtloa0Og7bnVGBbeHalshC.}, 54565: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl and set aside.nPut the butter and sugar into the bowl of a mixer and cream until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time with the mixer running and beat until smooth. Add the vanilla and beat. Next, add the flour mixture and beat until well incorporated.nTo form the cookies, divide the dough in half and roll into logs 1inch in diameter. Cut the logs into 3inch lengths. Dip each piece of dough into the cream and then roll in the sesame seeds. Place the cookies on a baking sheet and place in the oven until golden brown, about 15 to 20 minutes.nLet cool and serve. These will keep in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups sesame seeds], title: Biscotti Regina Sesame Seed Cookies, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 54566: {instructions: In a small bowl, add the mayonnaise, buttermilk, 1 teaspoon of the salt, the agave, cumin, lime juice, zest and 4 to 5 turns pepper.nWhisk to combine and set aside. In a medium bowl, add the chayote and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt, then toss to mix and place on a papertowellined baking sheet for 10 minutes.nIn a large bowl, add the drained chayote, carrots, onions, bell peppers and scallions. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and mix to combine. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon light agave, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Juice and zest of 12 lime, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 chayote, peeled, cored and julienned, 2 carrots, peeled and julienned, 1 small red onion, finely sliced, 1 red bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and julienned, 14 cup finely sliced scallions on the bias], title: Chayote Slaw with Cumin and Lime, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 54567: {instructions: Place the zucchini flowers in cold water to open and make the preparation easier.nIn a large mixing bowl place the rice, all the chopped and grated ingredients, half of the olive oil and lemon juice, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Mix well. With a small spoon, take small amounts of the stuffing and fill the zucchini flowers. Fold over the ends to seal the stuffing inside.nPlace the flowers on the bottom of a large saucepan, with the openings facing the bottom. Pour in enough water to cover. Add 1 pinch of salt, 1 pinch of pepper and the rest of the olive oil and lemon juice. Cover and simmer gently for about 40 minutes until the rice has absorbed all the liquid., ingredients: [20 zucchini flowers, 34 cup white rice, 1 teaspoon finely chopped mint leaves, 1 ounce onion, grated, 1 ounce zucchini, grated, 1 ounce tomato, grated, 34 cup, plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 pinches salt, 2 pinches pepper], title: Stuffed Zucchini Flowers, picturelink: aWW6zyXMPgWYDUo44PiV2A0Rvrllxju}, 54568: {instructions: Butterfly the sardines, leaving them joining at the back and pulling out the bone with your fingers. In a shallow bowl large enough to hold the sardines, combine the water, vinegar, garlic, oregano, bay leaves, salt, and pepper. Place the sardines skin side up in this mixture and marinate for several hours, refrigerated. Drain the sardines well on paper towels and fold them back together. Dust with flour. Heat the oil at least 12inch deep to about 380 degrees F. Or, better, use a deepfryer. Coat the sardines with the beaten egg and place directly in the hot oil. Fry until golden, drain, and serve.nVariation: Sardines are also delicious without a marinade. Simply coat with flour not necessary to remove bones and fry, or eliminate the flour and grill them. Sprinkle with coarse salt., ingredients: [1 pound very small sardines 5 to 6 inches long, cleaned, with heads, tails, and fins removed, 12 cup water, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons oregano, 2 bay leaves, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, Flour, for dusting, Canola oil, for frying, 2 eggs, lightly beaten with 2 teaspoons water], title: Marinated Fried Sardines Sardinas Fritas en Adobo, picturelink: null}, 54569: {instructions: Make and ferment the poolish: Combine the water and yeast in a medium bowl. Let stand 1 minute, then stir with a wooden spoon until yeast is dissolved. Add the flour and stir until the consistency of a thick batter. Continue stirring for about 100 strokes or until the strands of gluten come off the spoon when you press the back of the spoon against the bowl. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm, draftfree place until it doubles in volume.nMix and knead the final dough: Measure the remaining ingredients. Measure and transfer 1 cup 9 ounces of the poolish into a 6quart bowl. Discard remaining poolish Add the water and yeast. Break the poolish up well with a wooden spoon and stir until it loosens and the mixture foams slightly. Add 1 cup of the flour and stir until well combined. Add the salt and only enough of the remaining flour to make a thick mass that is difficult to stir. Turn out onto a wellfloured surface. Knead, adding more flour as needed, until the dough is soft and smooth, 15 to 17 minutes total. The dough is ready when a little dough pulled from the mass springs back quickly.nFerment the dough: Shape the dough into a ball and let it rest on a lightly floured surface while you scrape, clean, and lightly oil the large bowl. Place the dough in the bowl and turn once to coat with oil. Take the doughs temperature: the ideal is 78 degrees. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm 74 to 80 degrees draftfree place until doubled in volume, and a slight indentation remains after pressing a finger into the dough.nDivide the dough and rest: Deflate the dough by pushing down in the center and pulling up on the sides. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead briefly. Cut into 4 equal pieces. Flatten each with the heel of your hand and shape into a tight ball. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm draftfree place for 30 minutes.nShape the dough into loaves: Flatten each with the heel of your hand on an unfloured board. Shape each into a 14inch loaf.nProof the loaves: Place the loaves seam side up in a wellfloured couche. Cover with a clean damp towel or plastic wrap and put in a moderately warm draftfree place until increased in volume about 1 12 times, or until a slight indentation remains when the dough is pressed with a fingertip.nBake the loaves: 45 minutes to 1 hour before baking, preheat the oven and homemade hearth or baking stone on the center rack of the oven to 450 degrees. The oven rack must be in the center of the oven. Gently roll the loaf onto a lightly floured peel, seam side down. Score the loaf with a sharp razor blade or serrated knife making quick shallow cuts. Using the peel, slide the loaves onto the hearth. Quickly repeat with the next 2 loaves. Quickly spray the inner walls and floor of the oven with cold water until steam has filled the oven. Quickly close the door to trap the steam and bake 3 minutes. Spray again, closing the door quickly so that the steam doesnt escape. Bake until the loaves are a rich caramel color and the crusts are firm, 15 to 20 minutes.nTo test the loaves for doneness, remove from the pans and hold them upside down. Strike the bottom firmly with your finger. If the sound is hollow, the breads are done. If not, bake 5 minutes longer. Cool completely on a wire rack., ingredients: [1 cup spring water, 12 teaspoon moist yeast or 14 teaspoon dry yeast, 1 12 cups organic allpurpose white flour, 1 cup spring water, 12 teaspoon moist yeast or 14 teaspoon dry yeast, 4 14 to 5 14 cups organic allpurpose white flour, Fine sea salt], title: Classic Baguette, picturelink: null}, 54570: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nTo spatchcock the chicken: Place the bird, breast side down on a cutting board. Using poultry shears or a sharp knife, score along both sides of the backbone, cutting through the skin and bone. Remove the backbone. Turn the bird over and press firmly on the breast bone to break it, and flatten the breast. Tuck the wing tips under the breast. Set the chicken aside.nIn a large bowl, mix together the ricotta, chervil, chives, lemon zest, and season with sea salt and black pepper, to taste. Using your fingers, carefully loosen the skin over the breast of the chicken and down to the thigh area. Spread the ricotta mixture evenly under the skin to coat the breast and thigh meat.nSet the chicken in a roasting pan, drizzle it with olive oil and reseason with salt and black pepper, to taste. Roast until the juices run clear when you poke a skewer into the thickest part of the thigh, about 50 minutes. Let the chicken rest for 5 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 3 12 pound freerange chicken, spatchcocked, 1 12 cups fresh ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chervil, 2 tablespoons fresh snipped chives, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Olive oil, as needed], title: Ricotta and HerbStuffed Roast Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54571: {instructions: Mix frozen strawberries that have been defrosted with fresh berries. Cut cake into thick slices. Top sliced cake with juicy berry mixture and whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups frozen strawberries with sugar, defrosted in microwave, 12 pint black berries or raspberries, 1 store bought angel food cake, 1 canister store bought whipped cream], title: Angel Food Cake and Berries, picturelink: wV63aNFR.TNKmhShjQsGYsKnJSjak2}, 54572: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine 1 cup of warm water with the vinegar, sugar and salt in a medium bowl, whisking until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Transfer to a large resealable gallonsized plastic bag. Add 1 cup of cold water and the pork loin, seal, and refrigerate overnight.nPulse the coffee, brown sugar, peppercorns, star anise and cinnamon stick in a coffee or spice grinder until they become a fine powder. Remove the pork loin from the brine and pat dry with paper towels. Rub with the spice mix, transfer the pork to a baking sheet and set it aside at room temperature.nIn a large skillet melt the butter with the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork loin and brown for 5 minutes, turning to brown all sides. Transfer the pork to a baking sheet and roast until the temperature reads 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 1 hour. Remove the roast from the oven, cover loosely with aluminum foil, and let it rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, cook the diced bacon until crispy. Remove any excess fat from the pan and add the demiglace, red wine, cola, pineapple juice and pineapple tidbits. Bring back to a simmer over mediumhigh heat for 10 minutes, until the sauce has reduced by half. Slice the pork loin and serve with the sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 cup warm water, plus 1 cup cold water, 1 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 2 12 to 3pound pork loin, 14 cup ground coffee beans, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons whole peppercorns, 3 whole star anise, 1 12inch piece cinnamon stick broken into small pieces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 12 pound bacon, diced, 2 cups demiglace or 1 package demiglace mix dissolved in 1 cup water, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup pineapple juice, from canned pineapple tidbits, 12 cup pineapple tidbits, 1 cup cola], title: Coffee and Cola Pork Loin, picturelink: MQopBjB..6lndwcN0EOfVAo6Rq7bRZm}, 54573: {instructions: For the red wine sauce: Heat the oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the mustard seeds and shallots until the shallots are translucent. Add the beets and cook for 1 minute. Add the wine, orange juice, vinegar and honey, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer gently until reduced to about 1 cup 250 ml, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, in another saucepan, bring the veal stock to a boil, then let it reduce to about 1 cup 250 ml over low heat, about 30 minutes.nStrain the wine mixture through a fine sieve set over the pan of reduced veal stock, pressing down on the vegetables to extract maximum flavor discard the solids. Stir the sauce, then continue to cook over low heat until slightly thick, about 15 minutes. Add the butter, whisking constantly. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C.nFor the duck breasts: Score the duck on the skin side. Remove the excess fat around the breast, and remove the tip, if desired. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the duck breast, skinside down, in a roomtemperature skillet with no oil. Set the skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook for 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and cook until mediumrare, 8 to 10 minutes. Let the duck breasts rest on a cutting board for about 5 minutes.nSlice the duck. Divide the Butternut Squash Gnocchi among plates. Top with the Roasted Fennel and duck. Add a spoonful of sauce and serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C. Line baking sheets with parchment paper and flour them to prevent the gnocchi from sticking.nDrizzle 2 tablespoons olive oil over each squash half and season with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet, cutsides down, and bake for 1 hour. Let cool.nScoop the flesh of the squash into the bowl of a food processor. Add the eggs, flour, 1 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Process just until the dough is soft depending on the size of the squash, you might need more flour. Do not over mix.nTransfer the dough to a floured surface. Roll portions of dough into long ropes that are 2 centimeters about 34inch in diameter. Cut ropes crosswise into pieces that are 2 centimeters about 34inch long. Transfer the prepared baking sheet.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the gnocchi until they float to the surface, about 2 minutes. Transfer the gnocchi with a slotted spoon or wire skimmer to a bowl of icy cold water to stop the cooking process. Drain.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute the gnocchi until golden. Add the veal stock and butter, and season with salt and pepper. Continue to cook until the gnocchi are golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stir in the chives and cheese.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C. Heat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the fennel and season with salt and pepper. Cook, turning to sear all sides, until caramelized, about 5 minutes. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons30ml olive oil, 1 tablespoon15 ml mustard seeds, 1 shallot, minced, 1 large beet, cut into pieces, 3 cups750ml red wine, 12 cup125ml fresh orange or honey tangerine juice, 12 cup125ml sherry vinegar or Xeres vinegar, 14 cup60ml honey, 4 cups veal stock, 14 cup60ml cold butter, cubed, Salt and pepper, 4 duck breasts, Salt and pepper, Butternut Squash Gnocchi, recipe follows, Roasted Fennel, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons90ml olive oil, 1 large butternut squash, halved and seeded, Salt and pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, About 2 cups500ml allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 12 cup125ml veal stock, 2 tablespoons30ml butter, 12 cup125ml finely chopped fresh chives, 12 cup125ml grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 2 fennel bulbs, quartered, Salt and pepper], title: Duck Breast with Red Wine Sauce and Butternut Squash Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 54574: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the burgers: Mix together beef, onion, bell pepper, garlic, cilantro, oregano, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, a scant 12 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Form into 4 4 12inchwide patties. Heat a large griddle or 12inch heavy skillet over medium heat until hot, then lightly toast buns. Oil griddle, then cook patties, turning once, about 8 minutes total for mediumrare. Transfer to buns. Mix together cabbage, carrot, and 14 teaspoon salt, then cook, turning occasionally, until slightly wilted, about 2 minutes. Divide among burgers.nOil griddle again, then sear onion and tomato, turning once, until slightly charred, about 2 minutes total. Divide among burgers. Stir together ketchup, mayonnaise, and mustard, then top burgers with sauce.nFor the plantains: While the hamburgers are cooking, peel plantains and wrap them in foil. Place wrapped plantains on grill and cook until tender but still firm, slightly caramelized. Once cooked, remove from grill, and slice into 12inch rounds, on the diagonal. In a small bowl, mix together the yogurt, mayonnaise, and chipotle peppers until smooth. Return the sliced pieces of plantains to the grill, and brush chipotle sauce on 1 side. Flip after a couple of minutes and brush the sauce on the other side. Remove from grill and serve with the burgers., ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground beef 12 chuck and 12 sirloin, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 large red bell pepper, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 13 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper, 4 hamburger buns, split, Oil, 2 cups thinly sliced cabbage, 1 carrot, coarsely grated, 1 small red onion, cut into rings, 1 tomato, sliced 14inch thick, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 2 ripe yellow plantains, 12 cup plain yogurt, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons pureed chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon cayenne powder, 1 tablespoon black pepper], title: Dominican Chimichurri Burgers with Chipotle Glazed Grilled Yellow Plantains, picturelink: KMwyYOOy9U1iVefTaB9ZHPKRiXi6l6}, 54575: {instructions: Combine the mayonnaise, olives, capers, mustard, vinegar, anchovies and garlic in a food processor. Pulse until smooth, and then add the parsley and thyme. Pulse a few more times to incorporate and then season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 24 hours to allow the flavors to meld. Serve as a dip for the hardboiled eggs., ingredients: [1 12 cups prepared mayonnaise, 12 cup nicoise olives, pitted, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Splash red wine vinegar, 2 anchovies, patted dry, 1 large clove garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 hardboiled eggs], title: Mayonnaise and Hard Boiled Eggs, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 54576: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine the 2 types of chocolate and melt over a double boiler. Or in a metal bowl over a pot of simmering water. Whisk in the butter pieces. Whisk in the sugar and the rum.nPut the sprinkles in a bowl. Roll the chocolate mixture into small balls, about 1 12 inches each. Roll them in the sprinkles until they are fully coated. Store them in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 1 stick butter, cut into small pieces, 4 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons dark rum, Chocolate sprinkles, for rolling], title: Chocolate Rum Balls, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 54577: {instructions: Add the potatoes to a large pot of cold water. Season well with salt and bring to a boil. Simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the pancetta and onions to a large skillet. Turn on the heat to mediumhigh, and saute until the pancetta is crisp and golden. Add the milk and season with salt and pepper. Heat until hot.nDrain the potatoes well in a colander. Use a food mill to rice the potatoes into the milk mixture. Fold together the potatoes with the hot milk, olive oil and chopped parsley., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cubed, Kosher salt, 2 ounces pancetta, cubed very small, 12 small yellow onion, chopped fine, 1 cup whole milk, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh parsley], title: Mashed Potatoes with Olive Oil and Pancetta, picturelink: null}, 54578: {instructions: Combine all spices in a bowl. Rub the entire chicken with the spice rub, including the cavity, and set aside while you prepare the grill.nSet up a charcoal grill for indirect grilling. Throw the soaked wood chips on the hot coals. Place the cover on the grill and adjust the vents holes on the top and bottom to obtain the desired temperature in this case it should be about 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken on the rack of the grill opposite the coals and smoke until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, using an instantread thermometer, about 2 to 2 12 hours. Remove from the grill, tent loosely with foil, and let rest 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seed, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon chili de arbol powder, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 3 to 4pound chicken, 1 cup applewood or hickory wood chips, soaked in water for 10 minutes], title: Sixteen Spice Smoked Chicken, picturelink: Yb0eEqXM0DugWVoHen38EIgW4oPnmIu}, 54579: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan. Wrap the outside of the pan with foil.nFor the rice: Bring the marinara sauce and rice to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside to cool.nFor the bechamel sauce: Melt the butter in a 1quart saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the flour and whisk until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Gradually add the milk, whisking constantly to prevent lumps. Simmer over mediumlow heat, whisking constantly, until the sauce is thick and smooth, about 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the salt and nutmeg.nFor assembly: Mix together the bechamel sauce, rice mixture, 12 cup of the Parmesan, prosciutto and peas in a medium bowl. Slowly mix in the eggs, salt and pepper.nPour the mixture into the prepared springform pan and cover with foil. Place in a shallow roasting pan. Add enough hot water to come halfway up the side of the springform pan. Bake for 1 hour.nPreheat the broiler. Remove the foil and sprinkle the top with the remaining 13 cup Parmesan and the breadcrumbs. Broil just enough to melt the cheese and create a crispy crust, about 2 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes. Loosen the risotto from the sides of the pan by running a thin metal spatula around the edge. Remove the sides of the pan. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 2 cups marinara or tomatobasil sauce, 1 cup Arborio rice, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 cup plus 13 cup grated Parmesan, 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, beaten, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup plain breadcrumbs], title: Baked Risotto, picturelink: PURoMB85MWsW4GecXr4vfZenfxG7Lva}, 54580: {instructions: Cook the mushrooms in a large skillet in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring until most of the liquid the mushrooms give off is evaporated. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the liquids in a stream, whisking and bring the mixture to a boil. Simmer for 3 minutes and stir in the 2 cheeses, the herbs, and salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat the broiler.nArrange the bread slices in one layer on a sheet pan. Divide the turkey slices evenly on top and spoon some of the sauce over each toast. Broil the slices for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden and top each toast with some of the bacon and some of the chives., ingredients: [14 pound white mushrooms, thinly sliced, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, heated, 1 cup chicken broth, heated, 14 cup grated sharp cheddar, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon minced fresh sage, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 8 slices toasted country bread, 8 ounces thinly sliced turkey, 6 slices crumbled cooked bacon slices, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Hot and Creamy Turkey Sandwiches, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 54581: {instructions: Pour the oil into a wok and heat to 350 degrees F180 degrees C or until a cube of bread dropped into the oil browns in 15 seconds.nAdd the tofu, cooking it in 2 batches to ensure the oil stays hot, and deepfry until crisp. Remove the tofu with a slotted spoon and transfer to kitchen paperlined tray to drain.nCarefully, transfer the deepfrying oil into a deep bowl, leaving about 1 tablespoon oil in the wok.nNow add the garlic, Asian shallots, and chile to the wok and stirfry for 1 minute, or until fragrant.nAdd the tomatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, sugar, and fish sauce, stir and allow the tomatoes to break down.nAdd 3 12 fluid ounces 100 ml water to the wok, bring to the boil, then reduce the heat to a low simmer for 10 minutes.nAdd the crisp tofu, spring onions, and black pepper, folding it all together, and simmer for no longer than 1 minute as we want to keep the crisp texture of the tofu.nGarnish with coriander cilantro., ingredients: [7 fluid ounces 200 ml vegetable oil, 1 pound, 2 ounces 500 g silken tofu, drained and cut into 1 14inch3 cm cubes, 3 cloves garlic, minced 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon minced red Asian shallots, 1 birds eye chile, finely sliced, 4 ripe tomatoes, roughly chopped, Sea salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 3 spring onions scallions, cut into 2inch 5 cm lengths, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 fresh coriander cilantro sprigs, for serving], title: Crisp Tofu Cooked In Tomato Pepper Sauce: Dau Hu Sot Ca, picturelink: null}, 54582: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [2 bulbs fennel, chopped, 5 celery stalks, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Fennel Salad, picturelink: null}, 54583: {instructions: Make the dressing: Combine all the dressing ingredients and mix well. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nMake the burgers: Preheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh.nIn a bowl, combine the beef, Worcestershire sauce, egg, salt, and pepper. Shape into four patties.nGrill the patties for about 3 minutes per side for medium doneness.nPlace each patty on a bun and top with bacon, tomato, lettuce, and a generous dollop of dressing. Close the burgers with the top bun half and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup 240 ml mayonnaise, 12 cup 120 ml plain yogurt, 14 cup 60 ml buttermilk, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 pound 455 g lean ground beef, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 pieces cooked bacon, cut in half, 1 ripe tomato, sliced, Bibb lettuce leaves, 4 potato buns, buttered and toasted], title: BLT Ranch Burgers, picturelink: yJQcryZMYKcJvWNU94nwaQrWueEVAkC}, 54584: {instructions: Split ground beef in half making 2 1pound patties. Place both patties on grill and cook through. Usually takes more than 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place three slices of cheese on top of the finished burgers on a regular sized bun., ingredients: [2 pounds freshly ground beef, 6 slices American cheese, Salt, Pepper, 2 hamburger buns], title: The Coffee Burger, picturelink: null}, 54585: {instructions: Cook spaghetti in boiling salted water until it is slightly undercooked, about 1 minute away from being al dente, strain. Heat the olive oil in a large pan on medium heat. Add chile flakes and garlic, saute for 2 minutes, until garlic is fragrant and golden. Add the mashed anchovies and saute for 30 seconds. Then add the cherry tomatoes and saute for an additional 8 to 10 minutes, until the tomatoes begin to create a light sauce. Once the tomatoes have sauced up, mix the olives, capers, brown sugar, sea salt, and freshly ground black pepper into the sauce. Add the cooked spaghetti to the pan, reduce the heat to mediumlow and use tongs to stir until the pasta absorbs the sauce, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound or 450 g spaghetti, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Pinch hot chile flakes, 1 clove garlic, minced, 6 anchovy fillets, roughly mashed with a fork, 2 cups ripe cherry tomatoes, halved, 15 kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 heaping tablespoon capers, coarsely chopped, Large pinch brown sugar, Pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Zesty Spaghetti a la Puttanesca, picturelink: null}, 54586: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large saute pan or dutch oven, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Brown the sausage until cooked through and reserve on the side.nAdd the butter, apples, celery and onions and saute until tender, add the thyme leaves and return the sausage to the pan and stir thoroughly.nTransfer the mixture to a large bowl if theres not enough room in your pan to mix in the bread and the broth.nThoroughly whisk the egg into the broth and combine the bread, broth mixture and sausagevegetable mixture, season with salt and pepper. Put into a 9 x 13 baking pan. Cover with foil and bake about an hour, removing foil the last 10 minutes to ensure a brown and crunchy top., ingredients: [8 cups stale Sourdough bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 pound bulk Italian sausage, 2 apples, peeled and diced, 1 small onion, minced, 2 ribs of celery, diced, 12 cup pecans, chopped and toasted, 1 quart chicken broth, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and Pepper], title: Sourdough and Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 54587: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the tomatillos, jalapeno, and red onions on a baking sheet. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with a pinch of salt and a grind of black pepper. Place in the oven and roast until the vegetables begin to brown and slightly blacken, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove all contents from the baking sheet to a food processor and allow to cool slightly before blending. Add the cumin, crema, lime juice, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Puree until smooth. Refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving. Immediately before serving, toss the dressing with the lettuce, tomatoes, and radishes., ingredients: [6 tomatillos, rinsed and halved, 1 jalapeno, halved, 1 red onion, quartered, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup Mexican crema, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 4 Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 4 radishes, thinly sliced], title: Easy Salad with Creamy Roasted Tomatillo Dressing, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 54588: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a 4quart pot over mediumlow heat until shimmering, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the carrots and onions. Saute, stirring a few times, until tender, 3 to 4 minutes, being careful not to burn the onions. Add the tomatoes, meat, sugar, tomato paste, paprika, Worcestershire sauce and cinnamon. Stir in 12 cup of water. Increase the heat to high, and bring to a boil. Season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the meat and carrots are tender, 20 to 25 minutes,. To serve, lay the bottom of the buns onto a platter, or onto individual dishes. Spoon an even amount of filling on top, and cover with the bun tops., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 carrots, grated, 1 small yellow onion, grated, One 15ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 2 cooked burgers 3 ounces each, crumbled, 2 tablespoons brown sugar light or dark, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 soft sandwich buns], title: Shortcut Sloppy Joes, picturelink: 04a1T3hxfRl.9T8YqwlzlosbmhY6hBi}, 54589: {instructions: Heat the oven to 475 degrees F.nHalve 4 eggplants lengthwise. Pour about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil on a rimmed baking sheet. Season the cut eggplant with salt and pepper, to taste, and arrange, cut side down, in the oil. Put in the oven and roast until tender, about 20 minutes.nPeel the remaining eggplant and dice into 12inch pieces. In a large skillet, over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil. Stir in the beef or lamb, the tomato paste, onions, garlic, diced eggplant and raisins. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the wine or stock, and cook until the eggplant and onions are soft, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the pine nuts and basil.nWhile the meat cooks, melt the butter in small skillet over medium heat, add the bread crumbs and toast until golden. Transfer to a bowl and cool.nStir the parsley and cheese into the bread crumbs and add half of this mixture to the meat.nRemove the eggplant from the oven, flip it over and transfer to a serving platter. Top each halved eggplant with a mound of stuffing and sprinkle the remaining cheesy bread crumbs over the top before serving., ingredients: [5 small firm eggplants, about 6 to 7 inches long and 3 inches wide or 5 Japanese eggplants about the same size, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground beef or lamb, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 small to medium onion, finely chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, A small handful raisins, Splash white wine or chicken stock, 3 to 4 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, A handful basil leaves, torn or chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup bread crumbs, 12 cup finely chopped parsley leaves, a couple generous handfuls, 12 cup finely grated pecorino cheese or ParmigianoReggiano], title: Quick FakeOut Stuffed Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 54590: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and stir.nWhile the pasta cooks, heat 14 cup olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until the slivers are golden brown and crisp, then add the chiles and cook for about 30 seconds. Raise the heat to high and add the tomatoes. Cook until the tomatoes soften and the juices thicken, about 3 minutes. Add the basil and season with salt and pepper.nWhen the pasta is al dente, scoop out about 12 cup of the pasta cooking water, then drain the pasta. Return the pasta to the warm pot off the heat. Add the sauce and mix well. Add some of the reserved cooking water if the pasta seems dry. Transfer to a warm serving bowl and grate Parmesan over the top, to taste. Drizzle with a little more olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [34 pound spaghettini or spaghetti, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup sliced garlic, 12 teaspoon finely minced Calabrian chiles, or 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 pint small cherry tomatoes, stems removed, crushed between your thumb and forefinger, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, each torn into 2 or 3 pieces, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Parmesan, for grating], title: Pasta Pomodorini, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 54591: {instructions: Combine all drink ingredients in a shaker over ice. Shake. Strain into a martini glass and garnish with lemon twist., ingredients: [1 ounce whiskey, 1 ounce Dubonnet, Splash triple sec, Lemon twist], title: Twin Peaks Martini, picturelink: null}, 54592: {instructions: Cut the tortillas to approximately 4inch diameter circles its a good idea to put them on a cutting board and, using a plate as a template, slice around the tortilla with the tip of a sharp paring knife.nSpread the tortillas on a dry surface for about 2 hours to let them dry this will prevent them from splattering. In a skillet or electric fryer, heat 1inch of oil to 375 degrees F. If you do not have a thermometer, wait until the surface of the oil begins to shimmer  if it smokes, its too hot. Drop a tortilla into the hot oil and hold it submerged with a pair of tongs for 20 seconds. Continue to fry for 1 to 2 minutes, until it turns golden brown and floats to the top of the oil, surrounded by a thin ring of tiny bubbles. Flip the tortilla over and fry for 30 seconds to tan the other side. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining tortillas.nIn a bowl, dissolve the espresso powder in 2 teaspoons of hot water. Mix the mascarpone and confectioners sugar and fold in the dissolved espresso powder with a rubber spatula. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour or overnight.nSet a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Place the tortillas on an ungreased cookie sheet. Mix the cinnamon and sugar together and sprinkle the sugar mix over the fried tortillas. Bake for 4 minutes or until the sugar just melts. Just before serving, spread the flavored mascarpone on 6 of the tortillas. Arrange the berries or fruit on the mascarpone and place the remaining tortillas on top, sugared side up., ingredients: [12 4inch flour tortillas, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 2 teaspoons hot water, 2 cups mascarpone, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups mixed berries or other fruit cut into bitesized bits], title: Coffee Compuestas, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 54593: {instructions: Rinse beef shoulder to remove any unwanted smells, pat dry with paper toweling, and place on a utility platter. In a small bowl, make the rub for the beef by combining Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning and Garlic Pepper. Rub the seasonings into all surfaces of the beef, cover with a sheet of plastic wrap and set aside for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours at room temperature. The seasonings will actually begin to cure the meat.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan and cook the onions, garlic, and red and green peppers until the onions begin to turn translucent and the peppers begin to soften, being careful not to burn the garlic. Stir in the parsley, basil, and oregano. Add the crushed tomatoes and bay leaf. Over medium heat, bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce heat and allow to simmer for about 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn an oven proof skillet heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over high heat, and sear all sides of beef. Cover pan with lid or foil and transfer to oven to finish, bringing to an internal temperature of 115 degrees F, on an instantread thermometer, for mediumrare about 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for 10 minutes.nSlice beef into steaks, and transfer to serving dish. Reheat pizziola sauce if necessary, remove bay leaf, and spoon over meat. Garnish with the pepperoncini., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 pound beef shoulder, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spices Garlic Pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and sliced julienne, 1 green bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and sliced julienne, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped basil leaves, 2 teaspoon freshly chopped oregano leaves, 1 large can 29 to 32ounces crushed tomatoes, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup pepperoncini from a jar, for garnish], title: Beef with Pizzaiola Sauce, picturelink: 9EMQclf5UfgPfHOdqpgwWspXN78HWK}, 54594: {instructions: For the orange poppy cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with cupcake liners for a total of 26 cupcakes.nIn a large bowl, cream together the butter, granulated sugar and poppy seed filling. Stir in the buttermilk. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and salt and whisk thoroughly. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and incorporate without overmixing. Stir in the vanilla, orange oil and orange zest.nFill the cupcake liners twothirds full bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Allow the cupcakes to cool completely before frosting.nFor the orange cream cheese frosting: In a large bowl using an electric mixer, beat the butter on medium high until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the cream cheese and beat an additional 4 minutes. Turn off the mixer, add the confectioners sugar one cup at a time and mix until fully incorporated. While on a low speed, mix in the orange juice, orange liqueur, orange oil and orange zest. Beat on high for an additional 2 minutes.nUsing a piping bag, pipe the frosting onto the cupcakes., ingredients: [21 tablespoons 2 sticks plus 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons poppy seed filling, 12 cup buttermilk, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons vanilla bean paste, 5 drops pure orange oil, Zest of 3 oranges, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup cream cheese, softened, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 2 drops pure orange oil, Zest of 2 large oranges], title: Orange Sleepy Poppy Cupcake with Spiked Orange Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: CZFP2g48emQAnorexZCVun9ztdm2P2e}, 54595: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 54596: {instructions: Roast your marshmallows on a stick or skewer over an open flame campfire or your stove. Place toasted marshmallow on top of a cookie and top with a second cookie. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 large marshmallows, 16 caramel coconut cookies, such as Girl Scout Samoas], title: Samoa Smores, picturelink: oDBax51IQYwdStKayOmlIYAbiYzJza}, 54597: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat your smoker to 225 degrees F.nWash the potatoes, rub them down with the oil, sprinkle generously with garlic salt, and poke a couple of holes in them. Bake the spuds until tender, about 1 hour. Remove the potatoes and cut them in half lengthwise. Carefully remove the pulp to a bowl and place the skin halves in an aluminum pan. Add the sour cream, cheese, and salt, pepper to the potato pulp and smash together with potato masher. Stuff the reserved potato skins with your mash and sprinkle additional cheese on top some folks like to add the bacon bits, too. Put them into the smoker for 30 minutes and then serve., ingredients: [4 baking potatoes, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, Garlic salt, 4 ounces sour cream, 4 ounces shredded Cheddar, plus more for sprinkling, Salt and pepper, Bacon bits, optional], title: TwiceSmoked Potatoes, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 54598: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine the cheese, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, cayenne, and stir until well combined. Gradually add the beer until a nice paste has formed and is a spreading consistency. Spread on crusty bread or crackers of your choice., ingredients: [12 pound cheddar cheese, grated, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, Dash of cayenne pepper, 13 cup Belgian beer], title: Cheddar with Beer Spread, picturelink: null}, 54599: {instructions: Mix all together and lightly top the oysters. Serve on a bed of crushed ice., ingredients: [1 dozen Belon oysters, 2 minced shallots, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon super finely minced lemon grass, 1 teaspoon finely minced lemon zest], title: OntheHalfShell with Lemon Grass Mignonette, picturelink: null}}