{54600: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nToss the cauliflower and potatoes with 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil and some salt and pepper. Transfer to a baking sheet and roast until tender and browned, 5 minutes. Set aside.nPat the salmon fillet dry with a paper towel to remove moisture and prevent sticking to the pan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nHeat 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil in a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the fillet and sear for 2 minutes. Flip, add 1 tablespoon of the butter and then remove from the heat. Baste the salmon with the melted butter. Set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil in a second pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the roasted cauliflower and potatoes saute for 2 minutes. Deglaze with the white wine, then add the saffron, capers, parsley, chicken stock, lemon juice and the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Reduce down for 1 minute to make the sauce.nLay the cauliflower and potatoes on the plate, top with the salmon and the sauce., ingredients: [12 cup cauliflower florets, 14 cup sliced potatoes, Grapeseed oil, Salt and pepper, One 6ounce salmon fillet, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 ounce white wine, 3 strands saffron, 1 teaspoon capers, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 ounces chicken stock, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Salmon Capriccio, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 54601: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large, deep ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Lay the chicken skinnedside down in the skillet, and brown, in batches if needed, over mediumhigh heat, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a platter.nReduce the heat to medium, add the onion, garlic, and red pepper flakes and cook until slightly soft, about 7 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook until brick red, about 1 minute. Add the wine and use a wooden spoon to scrape up any brown bits that cling to the pan. Add the beans, tomatoes, chicken broth, and Italian herbs and bring to a boil. Return the chicken along with any collected juices to the pan.nTransfer to the oven and bake, uncovered, until the chicken is cooked through, tender and lightly browned, about 25 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a platter. Return the pan to the stovetop over medium heat, stir in the escarole and cook until the greens wilt, about 4 minutes. Stir in the cheese, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the chicken among 4 plates. Spoon the sauce over the chicken and serve., ingredients: [8 bonein skinless chicken thighs about 3 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 15ounce can cannellini or Great Northern beans, rinsed and drained, 1 14ounce can chopped tomatoes, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Italian herb mix, 1 head escarole about 1 pound, coarsely chopped, 13 cup grated pecorino about 1ounce], title: Chicken Stew with Tomatoes and Escarole, picturelink: null}, 54602: {instructions: Puree all the ingredients, except the chicken, in a food processor until almost smooth. Pierce the chicken with a fork to make tiny holes. Place the chicken in a large shallow baking dish and rub the marinade into the chicken. Cover and refrigerate for 24 to 48 hours, depending on how intense you want the flavor to be. Preheat grill. Grill chicken on each side for 5 to 6 minutes or until cooked through.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and let sit 30 minutes at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 1 large yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 3 scallions, coarsely chopped, 2 Scotch bonnet pepper, stem and seeds removed, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, grated, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, Pinch ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 8 chicken thighs, skin on, bone in, 8 drumsticks, skin on, Mango Cilantro Salsa, recipe follows, 3 ripe mangoes, peeled and diced, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped green onions, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Jerk Chicken with Mango Cilantro Salsa, picturelink: nCjz7p9KKU7KUCYGyP7dm7exbkh3yi}, 54603: {instructions: Add oil to saucepan on medium heat. Add onions, when soft and translucent, add garlic for about 1 minute. Then add tomatoes. Cook down into a thick sauce. Add remaining ingredients, stirring occasionally. When sauce comes to a boil lower heat and cook for 20 to 30 minutes. Serve on pasta or rice and garnishes, ingredients: [3 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 medium onions, 3 garlic cloves, crushed and minced, 1 1 2 to 2 cups tomatoes, peeled chopped, Bottle of unrefined peanut oil for display, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, Ground cumin, Ground coriander, Turmeric, Cayenne pepper, Garam Masala, 2 cups cooked chickpeas, 2 fistsized red or white potatoes, boiled, peeled and cubed, Shredded unsweetened Coconut, Minced fresh cilantro, Plain Yogurt], title: Tomato Sauce Variations: Curry, Southwest and Provencal, picturelink: null}, 54604: {instructions: For the batter: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a 12inch deep dish pizza pan or 10inch castiron skillet with aluminum foil and spray with nonstick cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, oatmeal, baking soda, salt and cinnamon together in a medium bowl and set aside. Beat the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a large bowl until well combined, about 2 minutes. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat until light in color, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the flour mixture and mix on low speed until well incorporated. Fold in the chocolate chips by hand using a rubber spatula.nPress the dough into the prepared pan and arrange 12 to 15 peanut butter cups on the top, pressing flush into the dough. Bake until deep golden brown and set, 20 to 25 minutes for the pizza pan or 30 to 35 minutes for the skillet. Cool in the pan 10 minutes. If removing from the pan, invert the cookie onto a large plate and remove foil, then upright onto a cutting board.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter with the confectioners sugar, milk and vanilla extract until firm enough to pipe. Transfer to a piping bag fitted with a round or star tip. When the cookie has cooled, drizzle with melted chocolate if using, then decorate as desired with the frosting and finish with sprinkles., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup oatmeal, ground in a food processor, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 to 15 mini peanut butter cups, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons milk, Suggested decorations: melted chocolate for drizzling and confetti sprinkles], title: Giant Chocolate Chip Party Cookie, picturelink: gW7hyppUnfHOFnEskUtLDSm0UFOC0jS}, 54605: {instructions: Build a fire and let it burn down to glowing embers.nMeanwhile, crush the garlic, fennel and black pepper in a mortar to a rough paste. Chop the herbs finely and combine with the garlic and just enough olive oil to make a paste. With the tip of a knife prick a few holes in the surface of the steak and the fatty layer. Rub the marinade on the surface of the beef, pushing into the holes. Set aside to bring to room temperature.nSimmer the potatoes in the water and chicken stock with the bouquet garni until cooked through and almost falling apart. Drain and reserve the liquid. Cook the steak over the coals 4 minutes per side for medium. About 2 minutes before the steak is finished cooking, place the herb branches on the coals. Remove steak from the heat and let rest for 2 minutes. Slice and serve with the salad. Be sure to pour any juices that were released from the steak while resting back over it.nBring the cheese to room temperature and crumble into the salad bowl. Add the olives, potatoes, a little of the potato liquid, vinegar, olive oil and dandelion. Season with salt and fresh pepper and toss gently to combine., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon fennel seed, Black pepper, to taste, 12 bunch rosemary, remove the leaves and reserve the stems, 12 bunch thyme, remove the leaves and reserve the stems, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, 2 1 pound bonein rib steaks, 4 waxy potatoes, like Yukon Golds, peeled and sliced, 2 cups water, 2 cups chicken stock, Bouquet garni, 2 ounces aged goat cheese, like Bucheron, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Handful Nicoise olives, pitted, 2 handfuls dandelion, trimmed and cleaned thoroughly, 14 cup olive oil], title: Grilled Rib Steak with Warm Salad of Bucheron, picturelink: null}, 54606: {instructions: A wonderful candylike sweet that tastes like marzipan with the added richness of ghee. It has a firm texture like fudge will keep for 2 to 3 days in an airtight container.n14 cup sliced or slivered almonds, chopped finernIn a heavy 4 quart pot, combine the sugar and water and boil together until candy thermometer registers 225 degrees F and a small amount of the syrup forms a thin thread between the thumb and forefinger when carefully sampled from the stirrer. Reduce heat to medium and stir in the almond paste with 14 cup ghee. Stir in the rest of the ghee in 14 cup increments until all of it has been absorbed. Keep stirring over medium to medium low heat the mixture will become a single mass and will roll around in the pan. If the mixture begins to brown, lower the heat. Continue stirring until the mixture becomes porous and starts to appear drier u2013 this can take up to 10 minutes. Spread the mixture in an ungreased 9inch square baking pan and press into 12 inch thickness. Immediately sprinkle with the almonds, gently pressing them into the surface. While still warm, cut into 36 squares or diamond shapes. Serve at room temperature.nIn a heavy skillet, over medium to medium low heat, heat the butter until it is completely melted. Watch as the butter boils, first with large bubbles and white milk solids floating on the surface, then with only a fine white foam filling the entire surface. Stir occasionally. Soon, small patches of golden brown will appear on the surface, and the overall color of the butter will change from yellow to golden. Push aside the foam periodically to check the color of the sediment. When the sediment turns light brown, remove from the heat. see note Decant into a jar with a tight lid. Warm, if desired, for serving over rice. Yield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 pound almond paste, broken up to facilitate melting, Ghee, prepared from 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, recipe follows, 8 ounces 2 sticks butter], title: Almond Burfi, picturelink: null}, 54607: {instructions: For the tortillas: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lay the tortillas on a baking sheet, brush both sides with the oil and sprinkle with salt. Bake until golden brown and crispy, about 10 minutes.nFor the cube steak: Toss the steak strips with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large skillet over high heat until lightly smoking. Add half of the strips and cook, tossing until the strips are browned on all sides, but not completely cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a large bowl and repeat with the other half.nRemove all but 1 tablespoon of oil from the skillet and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Add the onions and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring frequently, until golden brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and 14 teaspoons of the oregano and cook for 1 minute. Add the broth and stir with a wooden spoon to loosen any browned bits. Add the steak strips and any accumulated juice and simmer until thickened slightly, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the remaining 14 teaspoon oregano, lime zest and lime juice and mix well.nFor the beans: Heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the chili powder. Cook until fragrant, about 15 seconds. Add the black beans and toss to combine. Add the broth, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and bring to boil. Using a masher, smash the black beans, stirring occasionally to incorporate into the broth, until thick. Remove from the heat.nFor the chililime mango: Toss the mangoes with the lime zest, lime juice, chili powder and 18 teaspoon salt.nTo assemble the chalupas, spread a thin layer of smashed black beans on each crispy corn tortilla and divide the steak among them. Top with some chililime mangoes and serve with lime wedges and pickled jalapenos., ingredients: [8 corn tortillas, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 5 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 1 pound cube steak, thinly sliced into 3 to 4inch strips, 14inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced about 2 cups, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed, 12 cup beef broth, 12 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon chili powder, One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 12 cup beef broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 firm ripe mangoes, peeled, seeded and cut into small dice, 12 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 18 teaspoon chili powder, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped pickled jalapenos, for garnish, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Steak and Black Bean Chalupas, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 54608: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: Mascarpone is similar to cream cheese in flavor but better and has the consistency to match. It makes a great base for this supereasy yummy filling.nCombine the mascarpone, heavy cream, orange zest and sugar in a bowl. Add the melted chocolate and mix until all the ingredients are incorporated. Using an offset spatula or butter knife, take a generous scoop of the chocolatemascarpone filling, about 2 tablespoons, and slather it on 1 slice of the brioche, and then top with another slice of brioche. Repeat with the remaining slices and filling you will make 6 sandwiches.nIn a shallow dish, whisk together the eggs and halfandhalf to make an egg bath. If you dont have halfandhalf, milk or heavy cream will work just fine.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nPreheat a nonstick griddle or large skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter to the skillet, moving it around to coat the surface. Dip each sandwich in the egg bath, turning over to coat and soak both sides. Place the sandwich on the hot griddle. Place only as many sandwiches as will fit easily on the griddle, dont overcrowd. Cook, in batches, until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the sandwiches to an ovensafe platter and cover loosely with foil. Place in the oven to keep warm. Add more butter to the griddle, as necessary, and cook the remaining sandwiches.nCut the sandwiches diagonally in half, and serve 2 to 3 halves per person. Dust the sandwich with confectioners sugar and grate chocolate over the top. Ladle a generous portion of the Strawberry Syrup over the sandwiches, or serve alongside for your guests to serve themselves.nIn a large saucepan over high heat, add the strawberries and sugar. A large saucepan is needed just in case the strawberry syrup starts to boil up the sides. If the strawberries are not as ripe or sweet as you like, add 13 cup more sugar. Add 23 cup water, the corn syrup and sea salt to the pan. Stir together until the sugar dissolves. Bring to a boil and cook for about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.nStrain out the strawberries and continue to boil the liquid until the mixture has thickened to a syrupy consistency, another 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and add the strawberries back to the saucepan. Gently stir to coat the strawberries in the syrup. The syrup can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week, or cooled and frozen.nCooks Note: For an orangelovers option, use fresh orange juice instead of the lemon juice to finish the syrup. Alternately, for a rich, adultfriendly sauce, add a splash of orange liqueur, like Grand Marnier, to the sauce. Although the alcohol wont completely cook out, most will if cooked a few minutes longer. Yield: 3 12 cups, ingredients: [12 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 ounce semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled, plus more for grating, 12 slices dayold brioche, about 34inch thick, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, plus more if needed, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Strawberry Syrup, warmed, recipe follows, 2 pints whole fresh or frozen strawberries, hulled, 23 cup sugar, plus more if needed, 14 cup corn syrup, Pinch sea salt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Chocolate Mascarpone Stuffed French Toast with Strawberry Syrup, picturelink: 8pulyD73AluPFdwtSG9HFz8rrCRwaC}, 54609: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nIn the bowl of a food processor, place the mushrooms, spinach, egg whites, 14 cup Parmesan, pepper, garlic, salt, Italian seasoning, and Worcestershire sauce. Pulse until well blended.nTransfer the mushroom mixture to a large mixing bowl. Add the ground turkey. Using your hands, combine the whole mixture, being careful not to overmix. Form turkey mixture into 8 equalsize meatballs.nHeat a nonstick 12inch pan over medium heat and add olive oil. Add the meatballs and brown on all sides, about 10 minutes total. Drain any liquid in the pan and discard. Return meatballs to heat and add crushed tomatoes. Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook meatballs for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nSplit rolls in half lengthwise and remove bread from center of each side of the roll, being careful not to puncture the crust. Fill each half of the roll with 2 meatballs and 14 of the sauce. Place each half roll on a nonstick cookie sheet and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup Parmesan. Place rolls under the broiler for about 1 minute or until cheese starts to melt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large portobello mushrooms, coarsely chopped, stems included about 1 14 cups, 1 10ounce box frozen chopped spinach, defrosted and drained, 2 egg whites, 12 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound lean ground turkey breast with no skin, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 14ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 6inch submarine sandwich rolls], title: Meatball and Parmesan Sub Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 54610: {instructions: Serving suggestion: Fresh bread.nPut a pan of water on to boil. While thats happening, sort through your cleaned clams and if there are any that arent tightly closed, give them a sharp tap. If they dont close, throw them away. Put a large pan with a lid on a high heat and let it heat up. Finely slice the parsley stalks, then put them to one side and roughly chop the leaves. Peel and chop the garlic, quarter the tomatoes and get your wine ready. Add the pasta to the boiling water with a good pinch of salt and cook according to packet instructions until al dente. About 5 minutes before your pasta is ready, get ready to start cooking  youll have to be quick about this, so no mucking about Put 4 generous lugs of extravirgin olive oil into the hot pan and add the garlic, parsley stalks and a good pinch of salt and pepper. Crumble in the dried chile and add the chopped tomatoes. Stir everything around constantly and just as the garlic starts to colour, tip in the clams and pour in the wine. It will splutter and steam, so give everything a good shake and put the lid on the pan. After about 3 or 4 minutes the clams will start to open, so keep shuffling the pan around until all of them have opened. Take the pan off the heat. Get rid of any clams that havent opened. By now your pasta should be just about perfect. Drain and add to the pan of clams along with the parsley leaves and an extra drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Stir or toss for a further minute or 2 to let the beautiful seashore juices from the clams be absorbed into the pasta. Serve right away., ingredients: [2 14 pounds 1 kg small clams, scrubbed clean, A small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 cloves garlic, 10 cherry tomatoes, 8 12 ounces 250 ml white wine, 14 ounces 400 g dried spaghetti, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 dried chiles], title: Spaghetti Vongole, picturelink: null}, 54611: {instructions: Heat the butter in a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes, green onions, roasted red pepper, paprika and some salt and pepper stir and then press everything with a spatula to smash it into an even layer. Cook until it starts to crisp and brown on the bottom, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the burnt ends and use the spatula to fold them into the potatoes, turning everything so that lots of the crispy bits are on top smash again with the spatula to brown the second side, 4 to 5 minutes more.nTop with the pickled chiles and onions. Sprinkle with the cilantro and serve from the skillet., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large Russet potatoes, boiled until almost tender, peeled and diced, 2 green onions, green and palegreen parts only, thinly sliced, 1 large roasted red pepper, finely diced, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups burnt ends, chopped, 14 cup pickled chiles, 14 cup pickled red onions, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Home Fries with Burnt Ends, Pickled Chiles and Red Onions, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 54612: {instructions: Peel and slice sweet potatoes. Put in a large pot of lightly salted water. Bring to a boil. Boil 5 minutes, drain and cool. Put sweet potatoes into a 2 quart casserole, dot with the butter. Mix sugar with next 8 ingredients and mix well. Sprinkle over sweet potatoes. Pour orange juice and lemon juice over sweet potatoes. Cover with the sliced oranges. Bake in a preheated 350degree oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup peach liqueur, like Schnapps, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 cup orange juice, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 orange, sliced], title: Candied Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 54613: {instructions: Shear the corn kernels from the cobs with a knife, working over a large bowl or tube pan to catch the kernels. Run a knife along the cobs to press out the milky juices and add to the kernels. Break 4 cobs in half and combine with the halfandhalf and 1 cup water in a saucepan. Discard the remaining cobs or save for making a broth. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, cover and steep while you pull the rest of the ingredients together, about 10 minutes.nPut the shrimp in a bowl of cold water with 1 tablespoon salt and set aside.nHeat a large nonreactive skillet over medium heat. Add one tablespoon of the butter and oil and when the butter melts, add the cumin seeds, mustard seeds and turmeric and cook until the seeds pop, about 2 minutes. Add the chiles and ginger and cook, stirring until lightly toasted, scraping the pan with a wooden spoon so the ginger toasts but doesnt stick, about 3 minutes.nAdd the corn, strain the cornandmilk broth to the pan and bring to a low simmer over medium heat. Discard the cobs. Season with 34 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Cook until the liquid reduces to coat the corn in a light sauce, 5 to 7 minutes. The corn can be prepared ahead to this point.nDrain the shrimp well. Turn the heat down to mediumlow and add the shrimp with the curry leaves, if using, and cook in the corn, covered, stirring periodically, until they curl and turn light pink, about 4 minutes. If using cilantro, add after the shrimp are cooked. Whisk in the remaining tablespoon butter. Serve with lime wedges and tomato chutney., ingredients: [6 ears corn, shucked, 1 cup halfandhalf or milk, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 34 teaspoon cumin seeds, 34 teaspoon mustard seeds, 18 teaspoon turmeric, 4 to 6 dried whole red chiles, 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 to 12 fresh curry leaves or 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, Lime wedges, for serving, Tomato chutney, for serving], title: Curried Corn with Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 54614: {instructions: In a bowl, toss the shrimp with the cumin, cardamom, garlic, coriander, cinnamon, clove, salt and cayenne pepper. Marinate refrigerated for one hour. For the soup: In a heavybottomed pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic ginger root and jalapeno. Saute for two minutes, stirring. Add the split peas, coriander, cumin, celery seed, cinnamon and clove. Mix well. Add the chicken stock, stir again, and bring to a boil. Turn heat down to low and simmer slowly, partially covered, for about one hour, or until split peas are just soft. You may need to add more chicken stock if the peas become too thick and dry.nWhile the soup is cooking, prepare the relish, toss all six ingredients together in a bowl. Season to taste. When the soup is ready, butterfly the marinated shrimp, removing the veins. Place in a heavy saute pan over medium high heat. Add two tablespoons of vegetable oil, swirling around the pan. Add the shrimp, cut side down, and saute for 23 minutes, or until just cooked. Turn the shrimp over, and cook the spiced side for 1 minute. Remove from pan. With a wooden spoon, crush a few of the soft peas in the soup against the side of the pot. Stir well. If the soup looks too thick, add a little chicken stock. Season to taste. Ladle hot soup into four wide soup bowls. Mix in most of the tomato relish, saving about 14 cup. Place three shrimp in the center of each bowl. Divide the remaining tomato relish among four bowls, placing it in the center of the shrimp. Top that with a few fresh cilantro leaves. Serve immediately.nRecommended Wine: Scharffenberger Brut, ingredients: [12 large shrimp, peeled, l2 teaspoon ground cumin seed, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom seed, 14 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 14 teaspoon ground coriander seed, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground clove, 18 teaspoon salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons light vegetable oil like safflower, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup finely minced onion about 2 medium onions, 4 teaspoons finely minced garlic, 4 teaspoons finely minced ginger root, l teaspoon finely minced jalapeno adjust to desired heat, 2 cups yellow split peas, washed, l teaspoon ground coriander seed, l teaspoon ground cumin seed, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 cup finely diced fresh tomato, l4 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup minced cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon minced jalapeno, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, l2 teaspoon grated lemon rind], title: Indian Split Pea Soup with Seared Shrimp and Fresh Tomato Relish, picturelink: null}, 54615: {instructions: In a nonstick pan, cook the 2 eggs until they are scrambled, and set aside. Add the ham to a large skillet and heat the ham over mediumlow heat, flipping it to warm it on all sides. Toast the croissant in a toaster or in the oven for a minute. Build the sandwich by placing the ham on the toasted croissant, and topping it with the cheese and scrambled eggs.nPrecook the potatoes in boiling water for 7 minutes, and then drain potatoes into a colander. Pat the potatoes dry with paper towels. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Slowly add the potatoes to the hot skillet, and cook until golden and crisp. In a separate large skillet, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell peppers, onion, and seasonings to the hot skillet, and saute until vegetables are tender, yet still crisp. Remove both skillets from the heat, and combine the potatoes and vegetables in a large bowl, tossing until they are completely mixed., ingredients: [2 eggs, scrambled, 4 ounces sliced deli ham breast, 1 mediumsize croissant, 2 slices Swiss cheese, 2 cups large diced red bliss potatoes, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup medium diced red bell pepper, 14 cup medium diced green bell pepper, 14 cup medium diced red onion, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried thyme], title: RR Crossing, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 54616: {instructions: Combine egg whites and salt in mixing bowl of electric mixer. Beat at medium speed until opaque and loosely foamy. Increase speed to high and add sugar in a slow stream down side of mixer. Beat until stiff and shiny., ingredients: [4 egg whites from large eggs, about 12 cup, Pinch of salt, 1 cup white sugar], title: Classic Meringue, picturelink: null}, 54617: {instructions: To prepare the quince: Slice ends from quince and peel a vegetable peeler works well. Cut in half lengthwise. Remove the tough core, using a Parisian scoop or a small paring knife. Then cut quince lengthwise into 1inch thick wedges. Place in a medium nonreactive saucepan with the remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce to a simmer and cool until quince is tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Remove quince slices and tangerine peel with a slotted spoon. Strain poaching liquid and discard aromatics. Julienne tangerine peel, and add it back, along with quince, to poaching liquid. Keep warm. If preparing in advance, let cool in poaching liquid. Cover and refrigerate. To assemble: Foie gras should be well chilled. Separate the 2 lobes, cut away any excess fat found at the point of separation. Using a sharp, thin bladed knife dipped in hot water, cut foie gras crosswise into 12inch thick slices. Score 1 side of each slice of foie gras in a crosshatch pattern. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate, until ready to cook. Remove foie gras slices from refrigerator 15 minutes before sauteing. Warm quince over a medium heat, if necessary. Heat a 12inch saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Season foie gras with coarse salt and freshly ground pepper. Working quickly, sear foie gras slices, crosshatched side down, in batches if necessary, for about 1 minute. Turn and cook for another minute. Foie gras should be nicely seared on the outside, yet rare in the middle. Arrange quince in the center of warmed appetizer plates. Top with foie gras slices. Drizzle reduced pomegranate juice mixture around the quince and foie gras. Garnish with herbs and pomegranate seed.nCut pomegranate in half and juice. In a small nonreactive saucepan, combine pomegranate juice, vinegar and sugar. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer for 6 to 7 minutes until slightly thickened. Yield: 4 servings, ingredients: [3 medium ripe yellow quince, about 1 12 pounds, 2 tangerines, juiced about 13 cup, Peel of 1 tangerine, 1 cinnamon stick, 12inch in length, 2 to 3 whole cloves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger, 2 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 1 12 pounds fresh foie gras, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, Pomegranate juice, recipe follows, 4 sprigs thyme, 4 sprigs chervil, 1 tablespoon reserved pomegranate seeds, 1 large red pomegranate, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Foie Gras with Quince, picturelink: null}, 54618: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium saute pan on high heat, brown ground beef and then drain oil. Using flour on the rolling pin and area, roll out pizza dough until 12inches in diameter. Using a large spoon spread sauce over the whole pizza dough leaving 12inch from edge unsauced. Add mozzarella and then ground beef and broccoli over the sauce. Place pizza on a large sheet tray and place in preheated oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove pizza from oven, cut in 18ths and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, Flour, for dusting board, 1 packet pizza dough, premade, 6 ounces marinara pizza sauce, 8 ounces mozzarella, shredded, 12 cup broccoli, steamed], title: Broccoli and Burger Pizza, picturelink: null}, 54619: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nForm the beef into 6 burgers sprinkle with salt and pepper. To make the glaze, mix together the mustard, soy sauce and sugar in a small bowl.nGrill the burgers until desired doneness, 4 to 5 minutes per side for medium rare, brushing the burgers with the glaze about halfway through. A minute before removing the burgers from the grill, top with the cheese.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the mushrooms until beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the thyme and garlic and cook until the mushrooms are soft, about 3 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper.nToast the buns and serve the burgers with the mushroom topping., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef 85percent lean, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 6 slices Swiss cheese, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 8 ounces chopped baby bella or cremini mushrooms, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 yeasty buns], title: MustardGlazed Mushroom Burger, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 54620: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large, deep skillet, heat the olive oil over moderate heat. Add the peppers, pul biber and onions, season with salt and pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 10 minutes. Add the beef and cook until the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Continue cooking over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened, about 15 minutes. Transfer the vegetables and meat to a bowl and let cool slightly.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and lightly oil a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the eggs with the milk and 12 cup of the canola oil. Lay a sheet of yufka on a work surface and brush with the egg mixture repeat until you have a stack of 2 sheets. Transfer the stack to the baking dish and spread onethird of the beef mixture on top. Repeat the layering twice more with the brushed yufka sheets and beef filling, then end with a stack of brushed yufka.nTrim the overhanging yufka slightly and tuck it under itself. Brush any remaining egg mixture on top of the borek, top with the nigella sativa seeds and bake until deeply golden on top and sizzling, about 45 minutes. Let the borek rest for 20 minutes before cutting into squares and serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound mild green peppers, such as cubanelles or Anaheims, stemmed, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon pul biber pepper Aleppo pepper, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds ground beef, 34 cup canola oil, plus more for brushing, 5 large eggs, 1 cup milk, One 16ounce package yufka dough, 2 tablespoons nigella sativa black cumin seeds], title: Turkish Borek, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 54621: {instructions: Heat several inches of oil in a deep pot to 375 degrees F.nFor the chicken: In a large plastic zip top bag, combine flour, marinade mix and pepper. Set aside. In another bag, add corn bran. Using a rolling pin, gently crush cereal to coarse ground crumbs. Mix egg and milk in a shallow bowl. Soak chicken strips in buttermilk mixture. Take a few strips at a time, and toss in seasoned flour mix. Shake off excess flour and dip in buttermilk mix again. Toss in cereal crumbs. Repeat with remaining chicken strips. Fry chicken strips in batches until golden brown and cooked through, about 6 to 7 minutes per batch. Drain on paper towels. Serve with dipping sauces.nFor the dipping sauces: Make the ketchup sauce. In a small bowl, combine ketchup, 12 cup honey and Worcestershire. Make the mustard sauce. In a small bowl, combine remaining honey and mustard., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 cup all purpose flour, 12 packet southwest steak marinade mix, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups corn bran cereal, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 pound chicken breast tenders, 1 cup ketchup, 1 12 cups honey, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup yellow mustard], title: Spiced Chicken Tenders with Dipping Sauces, picturelink: null}, 54622: {instructions: Lightly brown onions in a hot dry skillet in 2 Tablespoons oil. Add oregano  garlic. Cook 1 minute. Add 4 cups water and tomatoes. Cook 10 minutes. Add remaining ingredients. Cook covered for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve with a lemon slice in each bowl., ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 2 onions, chopped, 1 pound green string beans, broken in half, 1 package frozen or fresh spinach, 4 cups water, 6 zucchini, chunked, 4 yellow squash, chunked, 2 cups celery leaves, 4 tomatoes, quartered, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 slices lemon, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons fresh basil, 2 cloves chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Greek Vegetable Stew, picturelink: null}, 54623: {instructions: In a large pot or Dutch oven such as Le Creuset, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook over mediumlow heat for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Stir in the chicken stock, tomatoes, saffron, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper. Bring the soup to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, fill a medium pot with water, add 2 teaspoons salt, and bring to a boil. Add the orzo and cook for 7 minutes. It will finish cooking in the soup. Drain the orzo and add it to the soup. Stir in the cream, return the soup to a simmer, and cook for 10 more minutes, stirring frequently.nServe hot with Grilled Cheese Croutons scattered on top.nHeat a panini grill. Place the four slices of bread on a cutting board and brush lightly with the melted butter, being sure to butter the corners. Turn the slices over and pile Gruyere on two of the slices. Place the remaining two slices of bread on top of the Gruyere, buttered sides up.nGrill the sandwiches on the panini grill for about 5 minutes, until nicely browned. Place on a cutting board, allow to rest for 1 minute, and cut into 1inch cubes. Yield: 4 to 6 servingsnNote: The Grilled Cheese Crouton recipe was halved for the taping of this episode., ingredients: [3 tablespoons good olive oil, 3 cups yellow onions, chopped 2 onions, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 4 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, preferably San Marzano, Large pinch of saffron threads, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup orzo, 12 cup heavy cream, Grilled Cheese Croutons recipe follows, 4 12inchthick slices country white bread, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated], title: Easy Tomato Soup  Grilled Cheese Croutons, picturelink: null}, 54624: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHalve the pumpkin from top to bottom and place it, cut side down, on an oiled baking sheet. Bake until the pumpkin can be easily skewered, 45 to 60 minutes. Cool for about 20 minutes.nWith a spoon, remove the seeds and discard. Scrape the pulp and reserve. Discard the skin. Melt butter in a soup pot over medium heat. Add the bacon and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and the bacon is just turning golden, about 7 minutes. Add the pumpkin and stock and simmer until the pumpkin falls apart, about 30 minutes. Let cool for about 20 minutes.nIn batches, puree the soup in a blender on high speed, 3 minutes per batch, until very smooth. Strain through a fine mesh into a clean soup pot and add the cream, orange juice and nutmeg.nSeason, to taste, with salt and pepper. If the soup is too thick, correct the consistency with additional water or stock. Chop 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper. Whip 1 cup cream to soft peak. Stir peppers into cream. Ladle the hot soup into bowls. Spoon dollop of chipotle cream into soup., ingredients: [1 medium pumpkin, about 4 pounds, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 slices bacon, diced, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup, for garnish, 14 cup orange juice, Large pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Whole leaves flatleaf parsley, as a garnish, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper in adobo sauce], title: Roasted Pumpkin Soup with Chipotle Cream, picturelink: null}, 54625: {}, 54626: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the drained whole tomatoes, olive oil, light brown sugar, carrots and shallots, and toss to coat. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper. Place the vegetables on a silicone or parchmentlined baking sheet and roast until caramelized, about 30 minutes.nHeat a soup pot over medium heat. Add the butter and cook until foaming. Add the crushed red pepper and garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Then add the sherry. Cook until all the liquid has evaporated and the alcohol has cooked off, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the roasted vegetables, crushed tomatoes and 1 cup chicken stock. Season with salt and pepper and bring to a simmer. Let simmer for 15 minutes.nAdd the heavy cream and, using an immersion blender, puree the soup until uniform in texture. Add more chicken stock to adjust the consistency to how you like it., ingredients: [Two 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, drained of their juices, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 4 carrots, peeled and chopped, 2 shallots, quartered, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 to 2 cups chicken stock, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Roasted Tomato Bisque, picturelink: 03JD7E63z0ZIiAeA2sAnzV9dVTITyq}, 54627: {instructions: Place the toasted anchos in a bowl and cover them with warm water. Soak for about 20 minutes, then transfer with a slotted spoon to a blender. Add the cumin seeds, oregano, thyme, salt, garlic, and vinegar. Blend to a fairly smooth paste, but do not over blend.nPound the pork chops with a wooden mallet until flat. Spread a layer of the chili paste on both sides of the chops, place them in a large shallow baking dish and refrigerate overnight or for 24 hours, covered.nIn a large skillet, preferably castiron, heat the pork fat until it renders, or heat a teaspoon of the lard over mediumlow heat. Cook the chops very slowly, for about 20 minutes, turning over once. Add more fat during the cooking time if the pan gets very dry and the chile paste is in danger of scorching. When the chops are done through press them to see if the flesh springs back, raise the heat to mediumhigh and quickly brown them on both sides.nServe the chops immediately, garnished with AppleTamarind Sauce, sour cream, and pancakes.nBreak up the tamarind, pulling it apart into marblesized pieces. In a bowl, cover with I cup boiling water and leave to soak for at least 2 hours or overnight. Strain the liquid through a mediummesh sieve into a large saucepan, pressing down hard on the solids. Discard the solids. Stir in the honey, ginger, and salt. Add the apples and place the pan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer, covered for about 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until thickened into applesauce., ingredients: [4 ancho chiles, lightly toasted, stemmed, and seeded, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, crumbled, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled, I tablespoon salt, 4 cloves garlic, 14 cup mild white vinegar, 6 thick shoulder pork chops, I small piece pork fat or up to I tablespoon lard, Apple Tamarind Sauce recipe follows, I cup sour cream, Jicama Pancakes recipe follows, 2 ounces tamarind pulp available in Asian and Indian markets, 2 tablespoons honey, I tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 McIntosh apples, peeled, cored, and cut into 34inch dice], title: Chuletas de Puerco Adobados, picturelink: null}, 54628: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook pasta according to package directions.nIn a small bowl, whisk together broth, oil, vinegar, Dijon mustard, thyme, salt and pepper to taste. Add diced chicken, green pepper, and mint.nDrain pasta and add to bowl with dressing and chicken. Toss to combine. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until ready to serve. Top with feta cheese just before serving., ingredients: [12 ounces ditalini or other pasta, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 cups cooked cubed chicken about 1 pound, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese], title: Greek Pasta Salad with Feta and Chicken, picturelink: WSQhEhYXmWsHCPYs6jOGmU3nD11Jg.}, 54629: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, melt half of the butter over medium heat. Add turkey and cook until browned. Add tomato sauce, oregano, parsley, salt, pepper, and onion and simmer until onion is tender.nCook pasta in a large pot of boiling, salted water until a little less than al dente. Drain and cool. Cut 1 of the blocks of cheese into cubes and slice the other into thin slices. Melt the remaining butter and pour into the bottom of a deep 9 by 13inch baking dish. Pour 1 12 ladles full of the sauce into the dish, or enough to completely cover the bottom. Add a layer of pasta and then a layer of cubed cheese. Repeat layering until all ingredients are used.nFill 1 of the empty sauce jars 18 full with water and shake. Pour over pasta. Top with the thin slices of cheese, and sprinkle with additional oregano and parsley, if desired. Cover casserole with foil and place in oven. Check every 15 minutes until cheese is melted and bubbly. Remove foil for last 5 minutes of cooking to brown cheese., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 2 pounds ground turkey, 2 medium jars spaghetti sauce with roasted garlic, Pinch dried oregano, Pinch dried parsley, Pinch salt, plus additional salt for pasta water, Pinch pepper, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 1pound box rigatoni noodles, 2 1pound blocks mozzarella cheese not the soft kind], title: Baked Ziti, picturelink: null}, 54630: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together the mayo, mustard, poppy seeds, grated onion, horseradish mayo and Worcestershire. Taste the dressing and adjust the ingredients however you wish.nTo assemble, spread the dressing on the top and bottom buns. On the bottom bun, lay on some provolone, roast beef and American cheese, and place the top bun on top. Repeat with the next sandwich.nWrap each sandwich in a foil square, and either bake right away or keep in the fridge. To bake right away, put them on a baking sheet in the oven until the buns are slightly crusty and the cheese is melted, 15 to 20 minutes. Great for a crowd, ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup spicy mustard, 3 to 4 tablespoons poppy seeds, 3 tablespoons grated onion, 1 tablespoon horseradish mayonnaise, Dash of Worcestershire, 12 soft hamburger buns, sliced in half, 1 pound thinly shaved roast beef, 8 ounces sliced provolone, 8 ounces American cheese], title: Hot Roast Beef Sandwiches, picturelink: KN9LXHxPHpTOTTcDZyV72jCLQ73ofy}, 54631: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine 12 cup of flour, semolina, salt, and pepper and mixes well. Dredge the fish in the buttermilk and then in the flour mixture. In a medium sized pot or deep fryer, heat 3 to 4 inches of oil and deep fry the fish until golden brown and becomes crisp. Remove fish and drain on paper towels. Serve with skordalia and a wedge of lemon.nFor Skordalia:nPut the potatoes through a food mill or ricer and place in a bowl for mixing. Whisk in the cream, minced garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, red wine vinegar and a little water if necessary mix until mixture is smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Keep cool until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup semolina, Salt, to taste, Fresh cracked pepper to taste, 1 pound smelts, cleaned, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 gallon canola oil, for frying, Lemon Wedges, Skordalia, recipe follows, 2 each medium baking potatoes, like russets, boiled with skin, put through a ricer, 1 cup cream, 6 garlic cloves, minced, Salt, to taste, Cracked black pepper, to taste, 14 cup freshly lemon juice, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Fried Smelt and Vegetables with Skordalia, picturelink: null}, 54632: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter three 7inch cake pans, line them with wax paper and butter and flour the paper.nIn the top of a double boiler set over simmering water melt the chocolate with the butter, vanilla and water, stirring until smooth. Remove the pan from heat.nInto a bowl sift together the flour and salt. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat the eggs with the sugar for 5 to 10 minutes, or until batter ribbons when beaters are lifted. Fold flour mixture into egg mixture until just combined and fold in chocolate mixture gently but thoroughly.nPour batter into pans, smoothing the tops, and bake for 10 15 minutes, or until cake tester inserted in center comes out clean. Let cool in pans 5 minutes. Run knife around edge of pans and invert onto racks to cool completely.nMake the filling: In a saucepan combine reserved cherry juice, sugar, and cornstarch. Bring mixture to a boil over moderate heat, stirring, and simmer, stirring, for 1 to 2 minutes, or until thickened. Stir in cherries and kirsch, transfer to a bowl and let cool. Filling may be made 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nMake the syrup: In a saucepan combine the sugar and water, bring to a simmer, stirring, and simmer until sugar is dissolved. Remove pan from heat and stir in liqueur. Let cool.nMake the whipped cream topping: In small saucepan combine gelatin and liqueur and let soften 5 minutes. Gently heat mixture over low heat, stirring, until liquid is clear. Remove from heat. In chilled bowl with chilled beaters beat cream until it holds soft peaks, add sugar and vanilla and beat until it holds stiff peaks. Add gelatin mixture in stream, beating, and beat until it holds stiff peaks.nAssemble cake: Invert one layer of cake onto a cardboard round, brush with some of syrup and spread half cherry filling over it. Spread 1 12 cups of whipped cream over cherries, sprinkle with 14 cup chocolate shavings and invert second layer of genoise onto cake. Brush with syrup, spread with remaining cherry filling and top with 1 12 cups whipped cream, spreading it into an even layer. Sprinkle with 14 cup of chocolate shavings and invert third genoise layer onto cake. Brush top with syrup and spread remaining whipped cream over top and sides of cake reserving about 23 cup for gamish. Coat side of cake with some of remaining chocolate shavings. Transfer remaining whipped cream to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip, pipe rosettes decoratively around top edge of cake and top each rosette with glaceed cherry. Sprinkle top of cake with remaining chocolate shavings and let cake stand, covered and chilled, for at least 3 hours and up to 8 hours.nRecommended Wine: Pedro Ximenez Montilla Alvear, ingredients: [I cup cake flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds canned sour cherries, drained, reserving the juice, l3 cup sugar, 5 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons cherry liqueur, 12 cup sugar, 12 water, l4 cup cherry liqueur, l envelope of unflavored gelatin, 3 tablespoons cherry flavored liqueur, 3 cups wellchilled heavy cream, 13 cup sifted confectioners sugar, l teaspoon vanilla, l 12 cups chocolate shavings and curls glaceed cherries for garnish, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into bits, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, l3 cup water, 6 large eggs at room temperature, 1 cup sugar], title: Black Forest Cake, picturelink: null}, 54633: {instructions: Combine wine and sugar in a large pot and bring to boil lower heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in cloves, orange zest, nutmeg, and cinnamon and remove pan from heat to cool. Put steaks in a large baking dish and pour marinade over them. Marinate steaks in refrigerator for at least several hours and up to 3 days.nTake steaks out of the marinade, season with salt and pepper, and cook them in a very hot skillet, about 2 minutes each side for medium rare., ingredients: [12 bottle rich, fullbodied red wine recommended: Amarone, 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon fresh orange zest, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 8 to 12ounce ribeye steaks, about 12inch thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Franks Steak, picturelink: null}, 54634: {instructions: Cut the zucchini diagonally into 14inchthick slices so they are the size of the the width of the bread. Spread them out on a plate or cutting board and season both sides with salt and pepper.nPreheat a griddle or grill pan to mediumhigh.nCut the bread into 6inch segments and then cut each segment horizontally almost completely through so you can open it like a book. Open the sandwich halves and press them flat against the work surface with your hands until the bread doesnt spring back. Put cheese on the bottom half of each sandwich.nWorking in batches, melt 1 tablespoon butter on the griddle. Cook the zucchini until slightly browned and soft, about 3 minutes. Turn and cook until pliable and nearly transparent, another 2 minutes. As zucchini is cooked, put it on top of the cheese, dividing equally among the sandwiches. Divide the olives among the sandwiches and close them, pressing to flatten.nWorking in batches, reduce the heat to mediumlow and melt 1 tablespoon butter for a small griddle or 2 tablespoons butter for a large griddle. Put the sandwiches on the griddle. Place a baking sheet on top of the sandwiches and weigh it down with something heavy, like canned goods or a castiron skillet. The idea is to make the sandwiches as flat as possible. Alternatively, use a panini press.nCook until the bread is crisp, about 3 minutes. Turn and cook, adding more butter if necessary, until the cheese is melted and the bread is crisp, 2 minutes more. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large zucchini, about 1 pound, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 baguette, about 24inches long, 4 ounces Havarti or Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, finely chopped], title: Zucchini Panini, picturelink: cdB8N03wM1Zjb36AfUdiSWhdCLNCqky}, 54635: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDrizzle the chicken breasts with olive oil and sprinkle with the ground thyme and some salt and pepper. Put the chicken in a roasting pan and roast until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Set aside.nIn a pot over medium heat, melt the butter and saute the celery, carrots, onions and bell peppers for 3 to 4 minutes. Sprinkle with the fresh thyme and turmeric and cook for another 2 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth, cover, bring to a simmer and simmer 30 minutes.nPrepare the rice according to the package instructions keep warm.nShred or chop the chicken and add it to the pot with the soup. Simmer for another 15 minutes. Stir in the rice and minced parsley and serve., ingredients: [3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Olive oil, for drizzling, 14 teaspoon ground thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 stalks celery, finely diced, 2 carrots, finely diced, 1 onion, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves only, Pinch turmeric, 8 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups longgrain rice, Minced fresh parsley, for serving], title: Chicken Rice Soup, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 54636: {instructions: Place very clean glass or metal bowl and metal whisk in freezer just until cold, about 5 minutes.nWhen everything is cold, place cream in bowl and begin to whisk until it froths up and starts to thicken, about 1 minute. Whisk vigorously until soft peaks form the cream will hold a point when the whisk is lifted but will fall back into the bowl almost immediately, about 1 minute.nAdd the liqueur and whisk until stiff peaks just form the cream stays put on the whisk when it is lifted from the bowl, about 1 minute. Store covered in refrigerator until ready to use., ingredients: [1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons coffeeflavored liqueur recommended: Kahlua], title: Coffee Whipped Cream, picturelink: prDxh2jDIZmr1aXLCdOKsETVZoBa1O}, 54637: {instructions: Slice the foie gras in 12inch thick section crossways. Lightly season with Calvados, salt and pepper. Place in saute pan over medium heat until a light golden brown color develops. Flip and repeat on other side taking care not to caramelize or overcook the foie gras.nPack the foie gras in the a terrine pan, season, to taste if needed, cover with plastic wrap. Press with 1 or 2 pounds of evenly distributed weight on top and let set for 72 hrs.nRemove from terrine by using a hot bath and cut into 1inch squares. Round off with hands, roll and lightly pack in truffles of choice. Place on a lollipop stick and serve on a decorated platter., ingredients: [1 lobe grade A foie gras recommended: Hudson Valley, 2 tablespoons Calvados, Kosher salt, Ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped truffles, of choice], title: Foie Gras Lollipops, picturelink: 0YuK3s2HjWvWYrJJys.v3TqsJXR0mTK}, 54638: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees FnTo make the crust: Stir the water, 1 tablespoon of the sugar, and the yeast together in a small bowl. Let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Meanwhile, heat the milk in a small saucepan. Remove from heat, add the butter, and stir until melted.nIn a large bowl, stir together the flour, cornmeal, remaining sugar, egg, milk mixture, yeast mixture, and salt until a soft dough forms. Turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, adding flour as needed if dough is sticky, about 10 minutes. Clean the bowl and coat it generously with olive oil. Form the dough into a ball, put it in the bowl and cover with a kitchen towel. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPunch the dough down and let rest for 10 minutes.nCut the mozzarella into sticks about 3 by 34 by 34inches. Sprinkle a large baking sheet with cornmeal. Place the dough on the baking sheet and stretch it into a 15inch circle.nArrange the mozzarella sticks around the dough about 1inch in from the edge, then roll the dough over the cheese to form the stuffed rim.nTo make the topping: Stir the sugar into the marinara sauce and spread onto the pizza dough. Scatter with the stewed tomatoes, then the mozzarella. Add the onions, mushrooms, and pepperoni. Sprinkle with basil and oregano.nBake until crust is golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Cut into wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup warm water, 4 tablespoons sugar, 1 package dry yeast, 34 cup milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, 3 tablespoons cornmeal, plus more for the pan, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces mozzarella, Olive oil, for coating bowl, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 cup prepared marinara sauce, 12 cup canned stewed tomatoes, strained and coarsely chopped, 1 12 cups grated mozzarella, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 cup sliced mushrooms, 14 pound sliced pepperoni, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Christinas StuffedCrust Pepperoni and Mushroom Pizza, picturelink: null}, 54639: {instructions: Brown beef in small amount of oil. Add garlic and cook 2 minutes. Add chili powder, flour, oregano, and cumin. Cook until meat is well coated. Slowly add 2 cans broth. Stir well.nPartially cover and allow to simmer 45 minutes. Stir occasionally. You may need to use all or part of last can of broth to reach desired consistency.nSeason with salt and pepper to taste. If using the beans in the chili, add now. They may also be served on the side or omitted altogether. Partially cover and simmer 45 minutes more.nIMPORTANT: Cool and refrigerate overnight.nTo serve: Heat chili. Ladle chili in bowl, squeeze lime juice on top and top with sour cream. Serve with hot San Francisco Sour Dough Bread., ingredients: [3 lbs. chuck roast, cut into bitesized pieces, 2 cloves garlic minced, 6 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 5 tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon freshly ground cumin seeds, 23 cans 14.5 oz each beef broth, 2 small cans drained pinto beans optional, Garnishes: sour cream and lime wedges], title: Real Texas Chili, picturelink: null}, 54640: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 gold or silver baking cupsnHeat oven to 375 degrees F. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change. Spray 12inch pizza pan with cooking spray. Remove dough from 1 can, keeping dough in one piece do not unroll. With palms of hands, gently roll dough in one direction into 10inch log. With serrated knife, cut log into 20 slices. Repeat with second can of dough. At center of pizza pan, arrange 2 slices side by side, pressing together to flatten inside edges and to form a circle. Place 7 slices in ring around center slices press together lightly. Arrange 12 slices in the next ring press together lightly. Arrange 19 slices in the last ring, overlapping edges slightly in ring. Press together gently. Bake 13 to 18 minutes or until edges are golden brown. Gently loosen ornament from pan cool 5 minutes. Gently remove ornament from pan slide onto wire rack. Cool 15 minutes or until completely cooled. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, beat cream cheese at medium speed until soft and fluffy. Slowly beat in whipping cream, continue beating until fluffy. Beat in spreadable cheese until well blended. Cover refrigerate until serving time. Place cooled ornament on large round serving tray, rearranging as necessary if crescent slices have separated. Spread entire ornament with cream cheese mixture. Shape one foil baking cup metal ornament top, folding in half at base of cup. Cut small slit in top. Fold second baking cup inward from outside edges to make metal strip. Twist together at base to make loop for ornament top. Insert base into slit. Slide springs of rosemary through loop to resemble branch of pine tree. Garnish as desired with vegetables and thyme., ingredients: [2 cans 8 oz. each Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 2 cans 8 oz. each Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 2 oz. cream cheese, softened, 13 cup whipping cream, 12 cup garlicandherbs spreadable cheese, Fresh rosemary sprigs, bell pepper strips, carrots, broccoli florets, grape or cherry tomatoes, cauliflower florets, zucchini slices, chopped fresh thyme], title: Garlic and Herb Crescent Ornament, picturelink: 8Hw4wT36N9SoooUIlmFFRiter.Fv6YG}, 54641: {instructions: In a bowl blend the flour, pepper, rind, and butter until the mixture resembles meal, add the sour cream and the lemon juice, and toss the mixture, adding 1 teaspoon water if necessary, until it just forms a dough. Gather the dough into a ball and chill it, wrapped in plastic wrap, for 15 minutes. Roll out the dough 116 inch thick on a lightly floured surface and with a 2inch round cutter cut out 16 rounds. Bake the rounds, sprinkled with coarse salt, on an ungreased baking sheet in the middle of a preheated 400 degree F oven for 12 minutes, or until they are golden. Transfer the crackers to a rack and let them cool for 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon rind, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Coarse salt for sprinkling on the crackers], title: Lemon Pepper Crackers, picturelink: null}, 54642: {instructions: nIn a small bowl, have the gelatin sitting in cold water. By adding the gelatin to the cold water, it is blooming or becoming soft to use.nSaute onions and bay leaf in butter until soft over mediumlow heat in a large sauce pan. Add conch and water, cover and cook on medium heat until tender around 2 hours. Add more water, if needed, to cook the conch until tender. Once the conch is tender and most of the water has cooked out, add the flour and cook for 1 minute, mix well. Add heavy cream and mix well. Once the conch batter has come to a boil, squeeze out the excess water from the gelatin and add to the conch batter. Mix well and pour into a long thin container and let cool overnight. When the mixture is cool it will be firm from the gelatin.nPlace a little oil in the palm of your hand and coat. Take about 1ounce of the conch batter in your hand and roll around to form a ball. Do this for the whole batch. Place the balls on a tray and into the freezer until frozen.nTo make the Conch Fritter Coating: Beat egg until smooth. Add the flour and baking powder. Add milk and beer with the chives and mix until all is incorporated, being careful not to over mix the batter.nOnce the balls are frozen, fill an 8 quart pan with canola oil and heat to 350 degrees F. Using a spoon to dip the frozen ball into the Conch Fritter Coating. Carefully dropping the coated fritter into the hot oil. Repeat the process for the desired amounts. When the conch fritter has a rich brown color, remove. Set aside for a few minutes and allow them to cool slightly before serving. Be careful Right out of the fryer, the center is super hot, like molten lava, ingredients: [8 sheets gelatin, 2 cup white onions, 1 bay leaf, 14 stick butter, 2 cups diced fresh conch, 2 cups water, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups heavy cream, Salt, 1 whole egg, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 13 cup milk, 3 tablespoons beer any kind, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Canola oil, for frying], title: Conch Fritters with a Liquid Center Fritura de Lambi Como la Hacen en Santo Domingo Dominican, picturelink: AmMRHPQNYCJmaQLIY815nS1w6fC4w2}, 54643: {instructions: In a large bowl, cover the salted salmon with water and soak overnight. Drain and rinse the salmon.nIn a large bowl add the diced salmon, tomatoes, onion, and green onion, and mix well. Add sea salt, to taste. Chill and just before serving add the crushed ice., ingredients: [1 cup diced salted salmon, 5 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 medium round onion, diced, 14 cup thinly sliced green onions, Sea salt, 1 cup crushed ice], title: Lomi Lomi Salmon, picturelink: null}, 54644: {instructions: Place fish in Sunset Marinade for at least 15 minutes, but no more than 1 hour. Cover and refrigerate while marinating.nPreheat grill.nAssemble skewers, starting with fish, onion, bell pepper, then shrimp, onion, bell pepper, followed by scallop, onion, and bell pepper. Repeat until skewer is full, leaving 1 inch at each end of the skewer. Grill for about 12 minutes or until fish is just cooked through, turning skewers every 3 minutes.nCombine all ingredients in a shallow nonreactive bowl or dish., ingredients: [1 pound firm whitefleshed fish such as shark, swordfish, halibut, mahi mahi, or ono, cut into 1inch cubes, Sunset Marinade, recipe follows, 2 red bell peppers, cut into 1inch squares, 1 bunch green onions, cut into 1inch lengths, 8 large shrimp, peeled and devined, 8 medium scallops, 4 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, or 4 metal skewers, 2 tablespoons pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chili sauce, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, peeled and crushed], title: Sunset Fish Skewers, picturelink: null}, 54645: {instructions: In a microwave safe bowl, combine cherries and their juice, orange zest and juice and the cranberries. Loosely cover dish with plastic food storage wrap and microwave on high 1 minute. Stir fruit and microwave on high 1 minute longer. Let fruit stand 5 minutes, then spoon over scoops of vanilla ice cream. Garnish with ginger snaps, vanilla wafers or cinnamon sugar cookies.nCompote may also be prepared on conventional stove top. Combine compote ingredients in a small saucepot and simmer over low heat 7 or 8 minutes or until cranberries plump., ingredients: [1 15ounce can pitted cherries, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 14 cup dried sweetened cranberries, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, Ginger snaps, vanilla wafers or cinnamon sugar cookies, to garnish], title: Warm Fruit Compote of Cherries, Orange and Cranberries Over Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 54646: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 1 12 quart baking dish with about 1 tablespoon of the softened butter.nArrange a layer of potatoes in the baking dish, and sprinkle some of the cheeses over them. Continue layering potatoes and cheeses until youve used them all, ending with a layer of potatoes.nIn a small bowl, whisk the cream with the salt and pepper pour this over the potatoes. Dot the remaining butter over the top and sprinkle with the paprika. Bake for 1 to 1 14 hours, or until the potatoes are tender and golden brown on top. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [13 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 14inchthick slices, 12 cup grated Gruyere, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon paprika], title: Potatoes Au Gratin, picturelink: null}, 54647: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the mushroom with 1 teaspoon salt and set aside in a bowl in the refrigerator to allow it to release any moisture. Put the Cheddar and pork on 2 quartersheet trays and freeze just until firm, about 1 hour.nUsing a stand mixer fitted with the coarse grind attachment, grind the pork into the bowl of the stand mixer. Add 1 tablespoon salt, the pepper and sage and toss to combine. If the meat feels warm, place it in the freezer for a few minutes until it cools. Switch to the fine grind attachment and regrind the meat mixture. Add the milk and mushrooms to the meat mixture and switch to the paddle attachment. Mix until evenly dispersed. Add the Cheddar and stir until combined.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a wire rack.nBring a 6quart saucepan full of water to a boil. Divide the meat mixture into 8 equal portions or use a 1cup ice cream scoop to measure out eight portions. Using plastic wrap as the casing, roll each portion of meat into a 6 to 7inch sausage link. Twist the ends tightly and wrap a second piece of plastic wrap around each sausage to prevent water from getting in. Place the sausages in the boiling water and cook until the outsides turn whitish and set up, about 6 minutes. Remove from the water, take off the plastic wrap and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake the sausages until golden brown and firm to the touch, 15 to 20 minutes.nPlace on a bun, top with mustard, and enjoy., ingredients: [12 large portobello mushroom, stem and gills removed, small diced, Kosher salt, 8 ounces sharp Cheddar, small diced about 1 cup, 2 12 pounds pork butt, cut into mediumlarge pieces See Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 12 cup whole milk, cold, Pretzel buns, for serving, Coarse ground mustard, for serving], title: Mushroom and Cheddar Pork Sausages, picturelink: 9pUQTDcJzP7IBYp.ZRCU.GIswkWtvm}, 54648: {instructions: Heat the oil and butter in a small saucepan until the butter melts. Add the garlic and anchovies and continue to cook, stirring and mashing the anchovies until they fall apart. Season with pepper and some salt if necessary. Serve warm as an appetizer with raw vegetables for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 7 anchovies, rinsed and finely chopped, Fresh ground black pepper, Steamed artichokes, Endive, Broccoli, Red and yellow pepper, Cauliflower], title: Bagna Cauda, picturelink: null}, 54649: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the egg, milk, water, and sour cream. Stir in the flour a little at a time, until the mixture comes together and forms a dough. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. If the dough is sticky, it may be necessary to incorporate a little more flour. Cover the dough with plastic wrap, or an inverted bowl, and let rest for 1 hour.nIn a small bowl, combine creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons sugar, and vanilla set aside.nLine a baking sheet with a clean tea towel and sprinkle generously with cornmeal to prevent sticking. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough 18inchthick. Cut out circles using a 3 to 4inch round cutter. Place 1 half apricot or peach onto each circle. Sprinkle the cavity with a little sugar and place another 12 on top. Lightly moisten edges of dough with water. Fold dough over to enclose fruit and seal by pinching. Transfer to prepared baking sheet.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pierogies, in batches, and boil about 5 minutes until they float to the surface, while stirring occasionally with the handle of a wooden spoon to prevent sticking. Meanwhile, melt butter in a skillet and pour onto a large ovenproof platter to cover. Drain pierogies and transfer to platter. Sprinkle with sugar and place in oven to keep warm while cooking remaining pierogies. Serve warm with dollop of sweetened creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 large egg, 1 cup milk, 1 cup water, 2 heaping tablespoons sour cream, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, for serving, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Cornmeal, 18 ripe apricots, pitted, 18 ripe peaches, pitted, Coarse sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, for serving], title: Fruit Pierogies, picturelink: null}, 54650: {instructions: Boil a large pot of water for the pasta. Add rigatoni and salt and cook to al dente or with a bite to it. Drain and reserve 2 ladles of pasta water.nWhile pasta cooks, heat extravirgin olive oil in a large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add sausage, brown and crumble it, then add garlic and onions and cook until tender 5 to 6 minutes. Add cranberry sauce and wine and stir to combine then reduce a minute. Add kale in bunches and stir to wilt down. Add the reserved pasta water. Season the dish with salt, pepper, and nutmeg to taste.nAdd pasta to the pan with sausage and kale. Top pasta with cheese and toss with kale mixture to combine. Serve immediately with extra cheese for topping., ingredients: [1 pound rigatoni, Salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 12 pound hot bulk Italian sausage, 12 pound sweet bulk Italian sausage, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 34 cup whole berry cranberry sauce, 34 cup dry red wine, eyeball it, 1 14 pounds kale, stems removed and chopped, Black pepper, 18 to 14 teaspoon nutmeg, to your taste, 34 cup Romano cheese, 3 generous handfuls, plus some to pass at the table], title: Sausage, Kale and Cranberry Pasta, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 54651: {instructions: Preheat grill or gill pan over medium heat.nCut the dough in half and save 1 half for the round 2 recipes. On a lightly floured work surface roll the remaining half out into a rectangular shape about 14inch thick.nPlace the dough onto an oiled grilled grate. Brush the top with half of the reserved marinade. Grill for 4 minutes. Flip the bread and top with remaining marinade and grill for another 3 minutes.nRemove bread from the grill to a cutting board, cut into pieces and serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound refrigerator pizza dough, room temperature, 2 tablespoons reserved marinade from Garlic, Lemon, and Herb Rubbed Legs], title: Grilled Flat Bread, picturelink: null}, 54652: {instructions: Put the cilantro, onions and pickled jalapeno if using on a cutting board, and chop them into a rough mixture.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour, and stir until it is absorbed. Pour in the beer and milk whisk constantly until the mixture comes to a simmer and thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, and stir in the Monterey Jack until completely melted and smooth.nTransfer the queso dip to a warmed serving dish, a fondue pot or a small slow cooker set to warm or low. Sprinkle the cilantro mixture on top, and sprinkle with a little chipotle powder if using. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [12 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 12 small red onion, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapeno, optional, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, One 12ounce domestic lager beer, such as Budweiser, 14 cup whole milk, 4 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, Sprinkle of chipotle powder, optional, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Queso Dip, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 54653: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nPat the fish dry. Sprinkle the fish with 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper and let stand 10 minutes at room temperature.nChop half of the capers and mix with the unchopped capers. Arrange half of lemon slices in 1 layer in an 8inch square glass baking dish and arrange fish fillets in a single layer over the lemon slices. Top with all of capers, remaining lemon slices, and 3 tablespoons parsley, then pour oil over fish. Bake in middle of oven, uncovered, until fish just flakes and is cooked through, about 1 to 1 14 hours.nServe fish with some of lemon slices, capers, and oil spooned over. Sprinkle with remaining tablespoon parsley., ingredients: [4 6ounce scrod fillets, skin on halibut is a good substitute, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup capers preferably in salt, rinsed, 1 12 large lemons, thinly sliced crosswise, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil], title: OvenPoached Fish in Olive Oil, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 54654: {instructions: Start a gas or charcoal grill fire should be moderately hot and rack about 6 inches from heat source. Keep part of grill cooler for indirect cooking.nIn a small bowl, combine a sprinkle of salt and pepper with the herbs. Add enough olive oil to make a paste. Loosen skin of chicken and slide a bay leaf between skin and meat, then insert a portion of herb mixture. Push skin back onto flesh and sprinkle with a little more salt and pepper.nStart chicken on cool side of grill. After some fat has been rendered, turn chicken if it flares up, move it to an even cooler part of fire. When skin has lost its raw look and most fat has been rendered, no more than 15 minutes, move chicken directly over fire. Cook until both sides are nicely browned and flesh is firm and cooked through, another 5 to 10 minutes.nServe hot, warm or at room temperature, with lemon wedges. Remove bay leaves., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme, oregano or marjoram leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh lavender leaves, optional, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Extravirgin olive oil, 8 chicken wings, cut into 3 sections, smallest section reserved for stock, 8 bay leaves, cut in half, Lemon wedges], title: Grilled Chicken Wings with Provencal Flavors, picturelink: null}, 54655: {instructions: Bring 3 cups water and the ginger to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the sugar, stir until dissolved and remove from the heat. Add the hibiscus flowers, and let the tea steep for 10 minutes. Strain the tea through a finemesh strainer, and refrigerate it until completely cooled, about 15 minutes.nFill 6 wineglasses with ice. Add 4 ounces of the hibiscus tea and 2 ounces of the rum to each glass. Stir, and garnish with orange wedges., ingredients: [One 12inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup dried hibiscus flowers, 12 ounces dark rum, Orange wedges or slices, for garnish], title: Hibiscus Rum Cocktails, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 54656: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together. Store in refrigerator. Will keep for 5 to 7 days in an airtight container. Stir before using. Cook like regular pancakes on a flat griddle. Use vegetable spray on the griddle. Make the pancakes no larger than 4 inches across. Flip carefully as they are very soft and have a tendency to tear. Serve with berry preserves or fresh seasonal berries., ingredients: [5 pounds cottage cheese, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces clarified butter, Pinch salt, 11 lemons, zest finely grated or chopped, 8 whole eggs, 16 ounces superfine sugar, Berry preserves or fresh berries, as accompaniment], title: Lemon Cottage Cheese Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 54657: {instructions: Kosher salt and freshly ground black peppernIn a large bowl, combine the cabbage, onion, mayonnaise, relish, lemon juice, Dijonmayonnaise spread and salt and pepper to taste. Chill for at least 30 minutes and up to overnight before serving., ingredients: [14 small head cabbage, cored and thinly sliced 2 cups, 14 small onion, diced, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sweet relish, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijonmayonnaise spread, such as Dijonnaise], title: Gwens Cole Slaw, picturelink: WR8AS9pJ3DFPPIbaRZRSyAO9lFLfSa}, 54658: {instructions: MELT chocolate chips in medium saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly remove from heat. Stir in orange extract and frosting blend well. Refrigerate 1 to 2 hours or until firm. PLACE each coating in its own pie pan. Scoop mixture into 1inch balls drop onto coating mixture will be sticky. Roll to coat. Place in foil candy cups, if desired. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [2 cups 12 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 tsp. orange extract, 1 16 oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Chocolate Fudge Frosting, Shredded coconut, , chocolate sprinkles, , ground nuts,, cocoa powder], title: Easy Truffles, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 54659: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel the carrots and parsnips and cut them in half lengthwise, larger ones can be quartered. Place them on a large rimmed baking sheet.nDrizzle the carrots and parsnips with the olive oil and honey. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Scatter the thyme sprigs on top. Place them in the preheated oven.nAfter 10 minutes, give the veggies a toss and put back in the oven for another 10 minutes until the vegetables are soft and slightly caramelized. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 pound carrots, 1 pound parsnips, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons honey, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Roasted Carrots and Parsnips with Thyme, picturelink: ZUFfwz8PLVEqYbkckS9BfPvNm5NxANG}, 54660: {instructions: For the feta spread: Combine the feta, olive oil, vinegar, mustard, pepper, salt and shallot in the bowl of a food processor. Process until smooth.nFor the sandwich: Preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the bread until golden brown on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nSpread each slice of bread with some of the feta spread. Fan the tomatoes over half of the bread slices and sprinkle with half of the kosher salt. Next, fan the cucumber slices over the tomatoes. Scatter the peppers over the cucumbers top with arugula, basil and cilantro. Sprinkle with the pepper and the remaining salt. Cover with another slice of bread. Cut each sandwich in half and serve., ingredients: [12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 3 tablespoons good quality extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 round loaf sourdough bread, cut into 13inchthick slices, 3 to 4 ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 medium cucumber or 12 English cucumber, peeled and sliced into thin rounds, 1 yellow pepper, sliced into thin strips, 2 cups arugula, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh basil, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Gazpacho Sandwich, picturelink: VXWgngRGBMLbzNNvgqE8PtU4Cps3bi}, 54661: {instructions: Add all ingredients to blender and blend on high until smooth. Pour into rocks glasses and serve with straw., ingredients: [1 shot vodka recommended: Blue Ice, 1 shot blue fruit and cognac liqueur recommended: Envy, 12 shot orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1 cup ice cubes], title: Frosty Cocktail, picturelink: iLWCZofoQ7UODo3EpcOK1T.uGBLp49S}, 54662: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a deep skillet over mediumhigh to high heat  make sure to choose a pan with a tight fitting lid. Add the chorizo and render some of its fat, 1 to 2 minutes then add the chicken and brown, 23 minutes. Add the onions, garlic, red pepper flakes, bay, thyme and shrimp, season with salt and black pepper, and cook 3 to 4 minutes more. Add the stock and stir in the turmeric and saffron. Bring the stock to a boil, about 1 minute, then stir in the couscous, peas, lemon zest and piquillo peppers. Cover and turn off the heat. Let stand for 5 minutes then fluff with a fork. Remove the bay and thyme stems before serving. Top each serving of paella with some chopped parsley, hot sauce and juice from the lemon wedges., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 times around the pan, 12 pound precooked chorizo, casings removed and cut into bitesize dice, 34 pound chicken breast cutlets or tenderloins, diced into bitesize pieces, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped or grated, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 fresh or dried bay leaf, 4 to 5 fresh thyme sprigs, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and black pepper, 2 12 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon turmeric eyeball it in your palm, 1 envelope saffron powder or a pinch of threads, 2 cups couscous, 1 cup frozen green peas, 1 lemon, zested and cut into wedges, 2 piquillo peppers or 1 roasted red pepper, chopped, A generous handful of flatleaf parsley, chopped, Hot sauce, to pass at table], title: Paella in Quince, picturelink: null}, 54663: {instructions: Heat the oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat.nIn a large bowl, mash the grits with a potato masher. Add the bean mix, baking mix, cheese, eggs and corn, and stir until well blended and incorporated.nUsing a small ice cream scoop, drop the batter by the heaping tablespoon full into the skillet. Cook until cooked through and golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Repeat with the remaining batter. Remove the fritters to a plate lined with a brown paper bag or paper towel to drain.nWhile the fritters are cooking, in a medium bowl, combine the sour cream, parsley and season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the fritters to a serving dish and serve with the sour cream mixture on the side., ingredients: [1 cup reserved bean mix from Roasted Corn and Bean Salad, 12 cup baking mix, 14 cup grated jack cheese, 1 cup reserved grits from Shrimp and Grits, 2 eggs, beaten, 1 ear of corn from Roasted Corn and Bean Salad, kernels cut off cob, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil], title: Round 2 Recipe  Silver Dollar Corn Fritters, picturelink: null}, 54664: {instructions: In a food processor, puree the butter, tomatoes and garlic until it forms a smooth paste. Heat a small saute pan over medium heat and add the butter mixture. Heat the butter until melted down and fragrant, about 3 minutes. Keep warm.nHeat a large saucepan over high heat. Once hot, add the popcorn kernels and oil, and shake the pan to coat the kernels in the oil. Cover and continue to cook over high heat until the kernels begin to pop. Shake the pan once again and reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Continue to cook until the popping slows dramatically, 1 to 2 minutes.nPour the popped popcorn into a large bowl. While still warm, add the flavored butter, cheese, oregano and salt. Toss to coat, and then serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup sundried tomatoes in oil, drained well, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 13 cup popcorn kernels, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons grated ParmigianoReggiano, 34 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Pizza Popcorn, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 54665: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven according to directions on package. Coat a 13inch by 9inch cake pan with cooking spray and set aside.n2. Using the can of pears, pound the pecans in its package or in a baggie until they resemble a fine chop and set the nuts aside.n3. Combine the cake mix, pears and its syrup, eggs, water, and oil in a medium bowl. Using an electric mixer, beat according to package directions. Note, the pears will breakdown and become smooth while beating. Pour batter into the cake pan.n4. Bake 30 minutes or until wooden pick inserted comes out clean.n5. Immediately sprinkle the chocolate chips evenly over the cake. Top with the nuts. Place cake in cake pan on cooling rack and cool completely., ingredients: [1 can 15 oz. Del Monteu00ae Lite Pear Halves in Extra Light Syrup, Cooking spray, 1 pkg. 2.25 oz. chopped pecans about 12 cup, 1 pkg. 15.25 oz. chocolate or chocolate fudge cake mix with pudding in the mix, 3 large eggs, 14 cup water, 14 cup canola oil, 1 14 cups semisweet mini chocolate chips], title: ChocolateChipper Cake, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 54666: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Coat baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and set aside.nFOR CHICKEN: Cook sausage in a medium skillet over moderate heat until lightly browned and almost all fat cooks outabout 3 minutes. With slotted spoon, lift sausage to paper toweling to drain. Discard skillet drippings.nPlace cereal in plastic bag and roughly crush with rolling pin. Transfer cereal to large bowl and mix in cheese, paprika, cumin, salt, and pepper. Add drained sausage and garlic and toss well to mix.nBeat egg until frothy in medium bowl. Dip each piece of chicken into egg, then into cereal mixture, pressing to coat.nArrange chicken pieces, not touching, on prepared baking sheet and bake uncovered until well done in centerabout 30 minutes.nFOR SAUCE: Whisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. As soon as chicken tests done, serve. Pass sauce separately., ingredients: [2 ounces andouille sausage, finely chopped, 1 cup crisp rice cereal not flakes, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 large cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 large egg, 4 5ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 12 cup nonfat plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon salt], title: OvenFried Chicken with Andouille Sausage, picturelink: null}, 54667: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nCoat each catfish fillet with the dry rub. Dip the fish into the oil and place the fillets on a hot grill to establish grill marks. After establishing grill marks and the fillets release from the grill, place the catfish into a smoker. Smoke for 2 minutes using the hickory wood chips. Add water to the chips and steam the fish for another 2 minutes. Remove the catfish from the smoker and serve immediately with homemade tartar sauce.nMix all ingredients together in a small bowl. Season with salt, to taste. Chill, covered, in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 7ounce catfish fillets, skinned, deboned, 4 tablespoons dry rub, 6 tablespoons cooking oil, 12 cup hickory chips, 12 cup water, 1 cup Tartar Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons parsley leaves, chopped, 3 tablespoons green onion, chopped, 3 tablespoons capers, 3 sweet gherkins recommended: Mt. Olive Sweet Gherkins, 1 tablespoon gherkin juice, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper Salt], title: Barbecued Catfish, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 54668: {instructions: Clean and scale fish. Stuff abundant quantities of fresh herbs into the cavity, then add slices of lemon, and chopped garlic. Brush skin on both sides with olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and if desired put into fishgrilling basket and clamp shut. Grill for approximately 6 minutes on each side, turning fish only once. Garnish with more fresh herbs and sliced lemon and serve. Roast potatoes and grilled summer vegetables go well with this dish. Tip: Bluefish caught early in the season, though smaller, are much less oily than those caught later in the summer., ingredients: [Bluefish, or other fish suitable for grilling, Fresh herbs such as rosemary, thyme, and parsley, Lemon slices, Chopped garlic, Olive oil, for brushing fish], title: Grilled Bluefish, picturelink: null}, 54669: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9inch nonstick springform pannFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9inch nonstick springform pan with nonstick cooking spray.nIn an electric mixer on high speed, beat the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add the granulated sugar slowly, then the vanilla, baking powder and salt while beating, about 2 more minutes. Fold in the ginger snaps and walnuts.nTransfer the batter to the prepared pan. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes. Let the cake cool for 15 minutes, then remove the springform.nFor the frosting: In an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, sour cream, powdered sugar and vanilla extract until soft peaks form and the mixture is smooth. Make sure the mixture has no lumps.nTo assemble: Using an offset spatula, spread the frosting all over the cake. Garnish with the Sparkling Cranberries and serve.nCook the agave nectar and 14 cup water in a saucepan over mediumlow heat, 1 to 2 minutes. Make sure not to let the syrup get too hot because the cranberries will pop. Remove from the heat stir in the cranberries. Cover and chill for 3 to 5 hours.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place the granulated sugar in a large bowl or baking dish. Drain the cranberries in a colander. Add 5 cranberries at a time to the sugar, gently tossing to coat. Place the cranberries in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet and let dry completely., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan, 4 egg whites, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 4 cups chopped ginger snaps, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 8 ounces 1 cup cream cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Sparkling Cranberries, recipe follows, for garnish, 34 cup agave nectar, 2 cups fresh cranberries, 1 cup granulated sugar], title: Cranberry Meringue Cake, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 54670: {instructions: Lay out the bread slices and spread them both with cream cheese. Lay the apple slices on one piece of bread. Sprinkle on the cinnamon sugar. Press the 2 slices together.nButter one side of the sandwich and put it on a hot panini maker butterside down. Butter the other side, close the lid and cook until its toasted and warmed through. If you do not have a panini maker, you can grill the sandwich in a skillet, laying another heavy skillet on top of the sandwich to press it together. Turn to grill the other side in the same way.nSprinkle with powdered sugar, cut in half and serve, ingredients: [2 slices raisin bread, 1 tablespoon cream cheese, 1 apple, sliced, 1 generous tablespoon cinnamon sugar, 2 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon powdered sugar], title: Cinnamon Apple Panini, picturelink: D2uMCJ89NrSxxQV4MaYT3RlLN0EqYG}, 54671: {instructions: Combine the carrots and the green and purple cabbage in a large bowl.nIn a separate bowl, mix together the milk, mayonnaise, sugar, vinegar, black pepper, cayenne and salt. Add more milk if you like the dressing a little thinner. Pour over the cabbage mixture and toss to combine. Add the parsley and toss again., ingredients: [4 carrots, shredded, 2 heads green cabbage, sliced thin, 14 head purple cabbage, sliced thin, 2 cups whole milk, plus more for thinning, 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sugar, 4 teaspoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup minced fresh parsley], title: Classic Coleslaw, picturelink: null}, 54672: {instructions: Combine all pesto ingredients in a blender or food processor blend. Drizzle in more olive oil or water, if needed, until you get a salsalike consistency. Season to taste with salt and pepper set aside. Heat grill to mediumhigh heat 400u00b0F. Brush halibut and grill surface with oil grill 5 to 7 inches from heat about 8 minutes, turning once during cooking. Cook just until fish is opaque throughout. Season with salt and pepper. To assemble tacos: Char tortillas on grill or grill pan. Top each taco with a big pinch of shaved red cabbage. Break halibut into chunks and distribute evenly between tortillas. Top with a generous spoonful of pesto, a sprinkle of extra cotija cheese, and a lime wedge., ingredients: [1 pound Alaska Halibut fillets, Olive oil, 8 small 4inch corn tortillas, u00bd head red cabbage, finely shaved, 14 cup cotija cheese, Garnish: Lime wedges, 1 bunch cilantro, 1 bunch flat leaf parsley, 1 jalapeno, minced, u00bc cup toasted Pepitas pumpkin seeds, 1 clove garlic, minced, u00bc cup cotija cheese, u00bc cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Charred Alaska Halibut Tacos with Cilantro Pesto, picturelink: YgYvPcsYJWZkgFhtV.9vt8PwoAhVHSO}, 54673: {instructions: Saute onions, peppers, and garlic in olive oil for approximately 4 minutes. Deglaze with the Sherry.nAdd tomatoes, tomato paste, and bay leaf, and cook for 5 minutes. Add roasted peppers, ancho chile, Worcestershire, cilantro, and lobster, and cook for 6 minutes. Serve in a shallow bowl., ingredients: [1 small onion, 12inch dice, 1 large red pepper, 12inch dice, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 6 tablespoons Spanish olive oil, 1 cup Sherry, 1 10ounce can whole tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup 12inch dice roasted red peppers from about 2 peppers, 1 dried ancho chile, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 4 spiny lobster tails, cut into 1 12inch rounds and steamed], title: Lobster, Creole Style: Enchilado de Langosta, picturelink: null}, 54674: {instructions: To make the Jam: Combine all the ingredients in a food processor and blend until well combined. Transfer the mixture to a saucepan and over lowmedium heat, reduce byn13, stirring occasionally. Cool to room temperature before serving.nTo make the Tapenade: Combine all the ingredients in a food processor and pulse until coarsely mixed. Set aside.nTo make the Crostini: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Thinly slice the baguette crosswise, and line up on a cookie sheet. Toast in the oven until golden brown, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the oven. Slice the garlic clove in half and rub each toast with the cut side of the garlic. Serve with Tomato Jam and Olive Tapenade., ingredients: [2 cups peeled, seeded and diced plum tomatoes, 1 large clove garlic, peeled and chopped, 1 cup carrot juice recommended: Trader Joes, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 1 tablespoon ground fennel seed, optional, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup pitted black Frenchcured olives, drained, 1 clove garlic, 12 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup green pitted olives, 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 baguette, 1 clove fresh garlic], title: Tomato Jam and Olive Tapenade on Garlic Crostini, picturelink: null}, 54675: {instructions: Toast the sourdough bread on both sides under a grill or in an electric toaster. Mix the mayonnaise and wholegrain mustard together and spread on one side of the toast. Top with the slices of pastrami followed by the arugula, cornichons and tomatoes. Slice into the desired number of pieces and serve., ingredients: [1 large slice Poilane 1.9kilogram sourdough loaf approximately 12 inches long or other goodquality sourdough bread, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 3 large slices pastrami adjust if slices are small, Small handful of arugula, 3 cornichons, sliced, 4 cherry tomatoes, cut into quarters], title: Pastrami Tartine, picturelink: XgCTGdvMhl3jIU5hQcOASmgHYDEzYIS}, 54676: {instructions: Trim ends and sides of potatoes to form a rectangle. Cut potatoes into 14inch sticks about 3 inches long. Put potatoes in bowl and cover with water. Heat about 3 inches of oil in large heavy pot to 325 degrees. Drain potatoes and dry thoroughly. Drop potatoes, about 1 cup at a time, into hot oil and fry for 5 to 6 minutes until tender and just starting to turn brown. Remove from oil with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Let cool. Heat oil to 375 degrees. Fry potatoes in batches as before for about 1 to 2 minutes until crisp and brown. Remove from oil with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle with salt, if desired and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large baking potatoes about 2 pounds, peeled, Vegetable oil for frying], title: Pommes Frites French Fries, picturelink: null}, 54677: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and dust a 112 quart souffle dish with sugar. Put egg whites in mixer bowl with cream of tartar. In a medium saucepan, stir together sugar, cocoa, flour, and salt. Stir in milk and Grand Marnier and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture boils and is smooth and thickened. Stir in the vanilla and orange peel. Set aside. Beat the egg whites only until they cling to the side of the mixing bowl when you tilt it. Stir the yolks into the sauce. Mix about a quarter of the whites right into the sauce in the pan, then empty the sauce into the whites in the mixing bowl. Gingerly but thoroughly fold the sauce into the whites. Then pour the mixture into the prepared souffle dish. Bake for about 30 to 40 minutes. Dont open oven door for at least 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Butter or margarine, Granulated sugar, 4 egg yolks, 5 egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 13 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa, 14 cup all purpose flour, 18 teaspoon salt, 34 cup nofat skim milk, 14 cup Grand Marnier, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon grated orange peel], title: Lowest Fat Chocolate and Grand Marnier Souffle, picturelink: null}, 54678: {instructions: For the chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat the chickens with the softened butter and sprinkle with salt, and pepper, to taste. Arrange the chickens in a roasting pan and roast the chickens until an instantread thermometer inserted into the leg registers 165 degrees F, make sure the thermometer doesnt touch bone, about 55 minutes. Once the chickens are cooked, remove them to a cutting board. When cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the bones. Reserve the bones to use for the stock. Set the meat aside until ready to use.nFor the broth: Combine the chicken broth and juices, onion, celery salt, granulated onion, granulated garlic, black pepper in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over medium heat, then drain and reserve the broth.nFor the dumplings: Add the eggs, butter and flour in a medium bowl and combine well. Form into a ball and transfer to a floured surface. Roll the dough out to a thickness of 14inch and cut into 1inch squares.nFor the roux: Melt the butter over low heat in a heavy bottomed pot. Add the flour, whisking continuously, until it thickens and becomes an almond color.nBring the broth back to a boil, then add the chicken, dumplings, and the roux to thicken the broth.nReduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 35 minutes while stirring frequently. Transfer the chicken and dumplings to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 whole chickens 3 to 5 pounds each, Unsalted butter, at room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds unsalted butter, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Bones and juices from chicken, 12 yellow onion, diced, 1 ounce celery salt, 1 ounce granulated onion, 1 ounce granulated garlic, 1 ounce black pepper, Water, to cover, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 pound unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour], title: Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 54679: {instructions: Place all of the ingredients in a blender or food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree until smooth. This salsa can be stored in the refrigerator up to 2 days. Serve cold., ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, cored and seeded, 1 scant tablespoon Tabasco sauce, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, firmly packed, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Cocktail Salsa, picturelink: null}, 54680: {instructions: Use a mandoline or very sharp knife to shave the carrots lengthwise into ribbons. Cut off the stalks and fronds from the fennel bulbs if still attached. Shave the fennel lengthwise like the carrots.nPut the carrots and fennel in a bowl and toss with the olive oil, lemon juice, and 1 tablespoon vinegar. Let stand for 20 minutes to soften.nAdd the red onion. Gently mix in watercress and tangerines. Season with salt and pepper, toss well, taste, and add more vinegar if needed. Serve immediately.nMichaels Notes: If your tangerines are small, you can leave the sections intact. If the tangerines are large, or if you want to use oranges, you should remove each citrus section from its membrane. To do so, cut a slice off both ends of each fruit so it will stand upright. Stand each fruit on a cutting surface and, using a sharp knife, remove all the peel and white pith by slicing from top to bottom all the way around the fruit, following its contours. Cut the sections away from their membranes., ingredients: [8 ounces carrots about 3 medium, 2 medium fennel bulbs, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, plus more as needed, 14 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 2 cups watercress sprigs, thick stems removed, 1 cup tangerine sections, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shaved Carrot, Fennel, and Tangerine Salad, picturelink: null}, 54681: {instructions: Snap off the stem ends of the green beans, or cut them off in a big bunch with a knife.nHeat a pan over a medium heat and add the butter. It helps to use a pan with a lightcolored bottom so you can keep track of the color. Swirl the pan occasionally to be sure the butter is cooking evenly. As the butter melts, it will begin to foam. The color will progress from lemonyyellow to goldentan to, finally, a toastybrown.nOnce you smell that nutty aroma, add the green beans and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add some lemon juice and salt and pepper, then transfer to a platter in batches with tongs., ingredients: [1 pound thin green beans, 2 tablespoons butter, Freshly squeezed lemon juice, to taste, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemony Green Beans, picturelink: null}, 54682: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace a large sheet of aluminum foil on a baking sheet. Place the beets on top, drizzle with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt, then fold the long and short edges of the aluminum foil up to the middle and roll together, making a packet with the beets inside. Put in the oven and roast until forktender, about 1 12 hours. Can be done a day or two ahead of time. Allow to cool, then slip the skins from the beets, trim the ends, and cut into 12inch cubes. Set aside.nQuarter the endives lengthwise, then slice crosswise into 12inch thick moons. Combine the beets and endive in a salad bowl and toss with the vinaigrette. Season with additional salt and pepper, if necessary. Serve immediately.nIn a small glass bowl, melt the salt in the vinegar, then add the pepper, shallot, garlic, mustard, and herbs and combine well. Whisk in the olive oil in slow, steady stream until the dressing is thickened. Alternately, place all ingredients in a glass jar, close the lid, and shake vigorously., ingredients: [3 to 4 smallsized red beets, greens trimmed, 14 cup olive oil, Salt, for seasoning, 4 large or 6 small heads Belgian endive, cored, Garlic and Herb Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt, for seasoning, Pepper, for seasoning, 1 small shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup olive oil], title: Beet and Endive Salad with Garlic and Herb Vinaigrette, picturelink: yB1qmrLQ5cQqJWnfN2aVIOxPzwSIe4u}, 54683: {instructions: In a mixing bowl combine some mayonnaise with salsa and spread on toast. Build up a layer of bacon, arugula, cheddar and top with avocado and cilantro., ingredients: [Mayonnaise, Salsa, Washed arugula leaves, Wide slices of toasted good Italian bread, cut on bias or, Challah, Thinly sliced or grated white cheddar cheese, Crisp cooked turkey bacon, Slices of avocado, chopped cilantro], title: Bacon, Lettuce and Salsa Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 54684: {instructions: Fill shaker with ice. Add Smirnoff Orange Flavored Vodka and peach schnapps. Shake and strain into a shot glass., ingredients: [0.75 oz. Smirnoff Orange Vodka, 0.75 oz. peach schnapps], title: Orange Fusion, picturelink: null}, 54685: {instructions: Mix all ingredients except 12 cup orange juice and pork until thoroughly combined. Add pork loin and turn to coat thoroughly. Place in refrigerator and let marinate at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nHeat oven to 450 degrees F and arrange rack in middle. Remove pork from refrigerator and let rest at room temperature while oven heats up. When oven is heated, remove pork from marinade, strain marinade and discard solids and reserve juices. Season pork well with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Place pork in a roasting pan and roast until skin is goldenbrown and internal temperature registers 145 to 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 50 to 55 minutes.nRemove pork to a cutting board and let rest at least 10 minutes before slicing.nMeanwhile, combine reserved marinade juices and remaining 12 cup orange juice in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Skim sauce let cook until mixture is reduced by 23, about 10 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning, as necessary. When pork is ready, slice thinly and serve with orange sauce over top., ingredients: [12 cup freshly squeezed yellow grapefruit juice from 1 medium grapefruit, 12 cup packed cilantro leaves, 2 medium serrano chiles, halved and seeded, 4 medium garlic cloves, smashed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed orange juice from 4 medium oranges, 1 3 to 4 pound boneless pork loin], title: Roast Pork Loin with Sour Citrus Sauce, picturelink: YL1WBZKpSYSmicp7jwNI1oZV7N8qO6}, 54686: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, whisk together pumpkin, broth, milk, and cumin. Add bay leaves and set pan over medium heat. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat, remove bay leaves and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Garnish with sage, popcorn and pumpkin seeds before serving., ingredients: [1 15ounce can pumpkin not pie filling, 1 12 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 cup lowfat milk, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 bay leaves, Salt and ground black pepper, Fresh sage leaves, Popcorn and pumpkin seeds, for garnish], title: Cumin Pumpkin Soup, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 54687: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F with rack in middle.nSlice vegetables into 14inch thick slices. In a large bowl, toss vegetables with cream, stock, tarragon and salt and pepper, garlic and Gorgonzola. Put into prepared gratin dish. Cover loosely with heavy duty foil. Bake for 1 hour, until vegetables are fork tender. If tender, remove foil, leave dish on middle rack and turn broiler on high. Broil gratin until top is golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before serving.nGratin can be made 1 day ahead and reheated at 325 degrees F, covered with foil for approximately 50 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound parsnips, peeled, 1 pound sweet potato, peeled, 1 pound celery root, peeled, 1 pound russet potatoes, peeled, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 6 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: a 1 14 quart oval gratin dish], title: Root Gratin, picturelink: oSJcDBo57w7pSNggXoQINTYgUAPiUEq}, 54688: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheet with parchment paper.nWith an electric mixer, cream the butter and both sugars together until smooth. Add the vanilla and egg, mixing well. Sift together the flour and baking soda. Spoon the flour mixture gradually into the creamed sugar mixture. Stir in the cranberries, white chocolate chips and macadamia nuts. Drop by heaping spoonfuls, about 2 tablespoons, onto the prepared baking sheets, 2 inches apart. Bake one sheet at a time until lightly golden on top and the edges are set, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool on the sheet about 5 minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 cup dried cranberries, chopped, 34 cup white chocolate chips, 34 cup macadamia nuts, chopped], title: White Chocolate Cranberry Cookies, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 54689: {instructions: Fully submerge the pork belly in a pot of water, add the salt and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the pork belly is flaky and tender, 3 to 4 hours. Turn off the heat and drain.nHeat peanut oil in a fryer or large pot to 350 degrees F. Gently place handfuls of the rendered pork belly into the fryer until golden crispiness, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate or bowl and season with salt and pepper.nMix the mayonnaise and maple syrup in a bowl. Spread a hefty portion onto the bottom baguette halves, followed by a little squirt of the hot sauce. Top with a handful of chopped lettuce, a couple slices of dill pickles and the fried pork belly. Finish with another heavy drizzle of the mayonnaisemaple mixture. EnjoynThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [3 pounds pork belly, sliced into 1inch cubes, 12 cup salt, plus more for seasoning, Peanut oil, for frying, Black pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 6 tablespoons maple syrup, Six 6inch French baguettes, halved horizontally and toasted, Louisianastyle hot sauce, for spreading, 2 cups chopped lettuce, 1 cup sliced dill pickles], title: Pork Belly Po Boy, picturelink: null}, 54690: {instructions: Add the couscous to the water or broth, cover, remove from heat, and let steam for 30 minutes or until plumped up., ingredients: [1 12 cups couscous, 2 cups boiling water or seasoned broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Way  1 of Making Couscous, picturelink: null}, 54691: {instructions: Remove the ham from the refrigerator 2 hours before baking.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a roasting pan with foil.nPlace the ham, fattier sideup, in the prepared pan. Score a diamond pattern in the fat with a sharp knife, about 14inch to 12inch deep, and the parallel lines about 1 12inches apart. Do not score the meat itself, just the fat and any skin. You can score the fat to as deep as where the fat meets the meat.nPlace the cloves in the center of the diamonds to form a nice pattern around the top and sides of the ham. Place the ham in the oven. Cook for 30 minutes.nCombine the mustard, honey, sugar and thyme and season with salt and pepper.nAfter 30 minutes, begin basting the ham with the glaze. Continue to cook the ham for another 30 minutes about 10 minutes per pound or until an internal temperature of 110 to 120 degrees F is reached.nRemove the ham from the oven and let rest 15 minutes before slicing. Slice into paper thin slices.nTo serve, spread Pimento Cheese on the bottom of the Buttermilk Biscuits and layer with thin slices of glazed ham.nCombine the cheese, mayonnaise, roasted red peppers, cayenne powder, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours to allow the flavors to meld.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a baking sheet with butter or line with parchment paper.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Combine until the ingredients are incorporated. Cut in the butter using your fingers or a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the buttermilk and gently mix until the mixture just begins to come together.nScrape the dough onto a lightly floured counter. Pat the dough into a 10 by 12inch rectangle about 34inch thick. Cut into 2inch squares or use a 2inch round cutter to cut out biscuits. Press together the scraps of dough, and repeat the process. Place the biscuits on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops with cream and sprinkle with the black pepper. Bake the biscuits until lightly golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Brush the tops with the melted butter. Cool on a baking rack., ingredients: [12 readytoeat, cooked ham, bonein, uncut NOT spiral cut, shank end or butt end about 8 pounds, 25 cloves, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons clover honey, 3 tablespoons light brown muscovado sugar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pimento Cheese, recipe follows, Buttermilk Biscuits, recipe follows, 1 12 pounds extrasharp yellow Cheddar, coarsely grated, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 1 cup drained and finely diced roasted red peppers, 12 teaspoon cayenne powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for greasing, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, not super fine and not coarse, somewhere in between, 2 tablespoons melted butter], title: Mustard Glazed Baked Ham and Pimento Cheese Biscuits, picturelink: Q8l.cG3huv50tN1akDcTxPpjTcdjzG}, 54692: {instructions: For the chile honey:nPut honey in a small pot over low heat, once the honey achieves a thin consistency, add the chile flakes, stir and remove from the heat. Add the white wine and set aside.nFor the charred rapini broccoli rabe:nPreheat a grill.nIn a bowl, lightly toss the rapini broccoli rabe, cipollini onions, garlic, and olive oil. Put the rapini and onions on a grill, turning over to ensure all sides are charred. Remove from the grill, put in a serving dish, garnish with toasted walnuts and drizzle chile honey., ingredients: [Chile Honey, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 tablespoon white wine, Charred Rapini, 1 bunch rapini broccoli rabe, bottoms removed, blanched in salted water and coarsely chopped, 2 cups cipollini onions, cooked in boiling water until tender and peeled, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup walnuts, toasted], title: Charred Rapini, picturelink: null}, 54693: {instructions: Start by making the lime pickle puree. Place the lime pickle, lemon juice, olive oil, and water in a blender and blend until smooth.nClean Swiss chard by removing tough stems and then thoroughly rinsing in cold water to remove all sand and grit. Blanch the chard in salted boiling water until very tender, remove and shock in very cold water. Remove from water and squeeze the cooked chard until most of the water is removed.nIn a hot pan, add bacon and allow some of the fat to render out then add shallots and butter and sweat shallot until theyre translucent. Add the pickled ramps and Swiss chard and heat. While stirring the chard, add the lime pickle puree and lemon zest. Cream the ingredients together and season with salt and pepper.nTo make the onion soubise, add the butter, Vidalia onion, and salt and pepper to a nonreactive pan. Cook slowly, uncovered, until onions are tender and the liquid from the onions and butter has reduced.nTo make the sauce, add butter to a hot pan and cook it until it is melted but before it browns. Add the tomato, salt and pepper. Finish with lemon juice.nSeason skate with salt and pepper and place skin side down in a smoking pan with the corn oil. Place a flat weighted object or your hands on the fish until its flat. Adjust heat to a mediumlow and cook until the skate is threequarters cooked. Season top of the fish with salt and pepper, flip, and continue to cook for a few more seconds.nPlating: Place some Swiss chard in the center of the plate. Place skate on the chard and, alternating skate and chard, layer in a high pile. Drizzle the sauce over the fish, top with a small pile of onion soubise, and garnish with chives., ingredients: [3 ounces Pataks mild lime pickle, 1 12 ounces lemon juice, 1ounce extra virgin olive oil, 14ounce water, 4 bunches Swiss chard, 12ounce bacon, julienned, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 12ounce butter, 4 pickled ramps, sliced, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 ounces butter, 4 ounces tomato, seeded, peeled, and finely diced, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 ounces lemon juice, 2 ounces butter, 1 Vidalia onion, julienned, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 skate fish about 8 to 9 ounces each, on the bone, skinon, and wingtips removed, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1ounce corn oil], title: Sauteed Skate with Indian Lime Pickle, picturelink: null}, 54694: {instructions: Toss the crab, 2 tablespoons herbs, half each of the lemon zest and juice, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl cover and refrigerate. Whisk the remaining lemon zest and juice with the olive oil in a separate bowl. Toss 1 tablespoon of the lemon oil with the bread cubes season with salt and pepper. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the bread cubes until golden, about 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a pot over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook until wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and fennel and cook, about 7 minutes. Stir in the wine, 2 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper cook 2 more minutes. Add 5 cups water and 12 cup herbs. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nPuree the soup in a blender in batches. Return to the pot, add the cream and simmer until thick, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the remaining 6 tablespoons herbs season with salt and pepper. Ladle the soup into bowls and top with the crab, croutons and the remaining lemon oil., ingredients: [8 ounces lump crabmeat, picked over, 1 cup chopped mixed herbs such as parsley, chervil andor basil, 1 lemon 1 teaspoon grated zest, plus the juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 slices white bread, cubed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 bunch leeks, white and light green parts only, chopped, 34 pound Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and chopped, 1 medium bulb fennel, cored and chopped, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Herb Soup With Crab, picturelink: 1cFQVPt.3vlv2EAlexIfUPInzTqL2K}, 54695: {instructions: In a medium size bowl, mix the dry sherry, cinnamon, honey, lemon juice, garlic, salt and pepper. Add the chicken and toss to a evenly coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator 8 hours, or overnight.nTo cook, preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nRemove the chicken, shaking off excess marinade. Pour the marinade into a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Boil until it begins to thicken and about 1 cup remains, 5 to 10 minutes.nHeat the oil in an ovenproof skillet over medium high heat. Sear the chicken until golden on both sides. Pour the reduced marinade over the chicken and place in the oven.nBake about 20 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry sherry, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 cup honey, 14 cup lemon juice, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 frying chicken, 2 12 to 3 pounds, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Cinnamon Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54696: {instructions: Boil, peel and cube 1 pound potatoes. Toss with 1 tablespoon cider vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt. Mix 14 cup each mayonnaise and sour cream and 2 tablespoons each horseradish and chopped chives. Toss with the potatoes, 1 chopped celery stalk, and salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Creamy Potato Salad, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 54697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the Moscato into a champagne flute and top with the sparkling rose. Finish with a drop of rose water and garnish with a rose petal., ingredients: [3 ounces Moscato dAsti sparkling wine, chilled, 2 ounces brut rose sparkling wine, chilled, 1 drop rose water, Red rose petal, for garnish], title: Mamarosita, picturelink: e1.BZ.RwrSPMqOknM.lyqMgWFDkUv8m}, 54698: {instructions: Heat the canola oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Season the duck livers with salt and pepper and add the livers to the hot oil. Saute over medium high heat to brown the liver well before adding the shallots to the pan. Saute the shallots until translucent. Add the honey to the pan, allowing it to melt and begin to bubble. Add the vinegar carefully so that the hot honey does not splash. Add the port and cook for 2 minutes before adding the veal stock. Allow the sauce to come to a boil, reduce to a simmer and braise the livers for 2 minutes while the sauce simmers.nToast the slices of brioche and wash and quarter the fresh figs. Serve the duck livers, along with sauce, over the brioche and garnish each plate with several slices of fig., ingredients: [1 pound fresh duck livers, cleaned of any green bile and gristle, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 shallots, finely diced about 14 cup, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 14 cup port wine, 12 cup veal, stock or demi glace, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 6 to 8 fresh figs, Fresh brioche loaf, sliced and toasted], title: Fresh Duck Liver, Shallots and Brioche, picturelink: null}, 54699: {instructions: Lay out the ham, place arugula on the ham, the cheese on top of the arugula, and roll., ingredients: [8 slices prosciutto or jambon de bayonne, 8 large leaves of arugula, 8 chunks ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Cured Ham, Arugula, and ParmigianoReggiano, picturelink: null}, 54700: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd couscous to boiling water, remove from heat and cover. Let stand 5 minutes.nIn a large saute pan heat olive oil. Add red pepper flakes, garlic, zucchini, green onions, mint and salt. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nFluff couscous with fork and fold in vegetables., ingredients: [10 ounces couscous, 2 cups boiling water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 zucchini, diced, 1 tablespoon green onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons mint, sliced thin, Salt], title: Couscous and Zucchini, picturelink: 6IYPCwitg3KYepeoVfwRT0xFpYnyqku}, 54701: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the ground rice, blanched almonds, cinnamon and vanilla bean and seeds with 3 12 cups water and let sit overnight, covered, in the refrigerator.nThe next day, strain the horchata using a strainer and cheesecloth. Press the solids against the cheeseclothlined strainer to get out all of the liquid and serve over ice. You could also blend the horchata, strain and serve over ice., ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, 2 cups blanched almonds, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup sugar], title: Horchata, picturelink: hhB44y.ckVR1tcPfj2qHGbic8oBd.EO}, 54702: {instructions: Cook the rice according to package directions, adding seasoning packet to the water to give the rice an orange color. Refrigerate rice until cold.nHeat a large saute pan or wok over high heat. Add oil and heat until it shimmers. Crack the 4 eggs into the pan and fry, sunny side up. Then begin to break the yolks, and cook until dry. Add rice to the fried eggs and saute, adding the sausage and crab. Then add the peas and scallions, and continue sauteing until steaming hot. Just before serving, add a touch of oyster or sweetened soy sauce, to taste., ingredients: [6 cups precooked rice, cooked with a seasoning packet recommended: Sazon Goya, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 eggs, 1 cup linguica pork sausage or andouille sausage, boiled, cooled, and diced, 1 cup lump crabmeat, shredded, 12 cup peas, 12 cup scallions, chopped, Oyster sauce or sweetened soy sauce], title: Dragonfly StirFry Rice, picturelink: aJvhDUtBsniWHzaixKixduZghc8dOa}, 54703: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper set aside. In a large bowl, combine sugar, cornstarch, salt, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, pumpkin puree, and 3 eggs. Beat well. Add evaporated milk, and combine. Set aside.nBetween two pieces of plastic wrap, roll pate brisee into a 12inch circle. Fit pastry into a 9inch glass pie plate trim dough evenly along edge, leaving about a 12inch overhang. Pinch to form a decorative edge. If the dough begins to soften, chill for 15 minutes.nMake the glaze: Beat the remaining egg, and combine with heavy cream. Brush glaze very lightly on edges of pie shell. Fill pie shell with pumpkin mixture. Transfer to prepared baking sheet.nBake for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees and continue baking for 30 minutes more. Cool on a wire rack.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine flour, salt, and sugar. Add butter, and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds.nWith machine running, add ice water in a slow, steady stream through feed tube. Pulse until dough holds together without being wet or sticky be careful not to process more than 30 seconds. To test, squeeze a small amount together: If it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time.nDivide dough into two equal balls. Flatten each ball into a disc and wrap in plastic. Transfer to the refrigerator and chill at least 1 hour. Dough may be stored, frozen, up to 1 month.nYield: Makes 1 doublecrust or 2 singlecrust 9 to 10inch pies, ingredients: [1 cup packed lightbrown sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 cups canned pumpkin, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, plus 1 egg for glaze, 1 12 cups evaporated milk, Pate Brisee Pie Dough recipe follows, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter chilled and cut into small pieces, 14 to 12 cup ice water], title: Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 54704: {instructions: Heat heavy saute pan. Then add oil until it begins to smoke. Sear the meat until golden brown, season with salt and pepper. Transfer meat to a strainer. Reserve meat and juice separately.nAdd the butter to the pan. When it begins to brown, add onions, garlic, and chanterelles. Saute over high heat until all the liquid has reduced. Add heavy cream, paprikas, and the juice from the meat. Reduce until sauce has lightly thickened. Add the reserved meat, marjoram and parsley, and season with salt and pepper. Stir in creme fraiche.nServe over noodles, on heated plates, and garnish with minced parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons oil, 2 pounds pork or veal tenderloin, minced, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound chanterelles, trimmed, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 14 teaspoon spicy paprika, 1 tablespoon minced marjoram leaves, 2 tablespoons minced parsley leaves, plus extra for garnish, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 pound wide egg noodles, cooked to al dente], title: Minced Pork or Veal Tenderloin: Schweins Oder Kalbsgeschnetzeltes, picturelink: null}, 54705: {instructions: Bring 4 cups water to a boil, add the tea bags and lime peel. Remove from the heat, and let stand for 5 minutes. Remove the bags and peel, then transfer the tea to a pitcher and chill.nPut the diced sugar, chopped lime and mint leaves in a pitcher and muddle. Stir in the chilled tea, rum and lime juice. Sweeten with the simple syrup. Pour over ice into 4 tall glasses, and then garnish each glass with a mint spring., ingredients: [6 mint tea bags, 1 lime, peeled without pith, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 1 lime, chopped, 1 small bunch mint, leaves picked, plus 4 sprigs reserved for garnish, 1 cup light rum, 14 cup lime juice, 12 cup simple syrup, Ice cubes, for serving], title: Mojitea, picturelink: null}, 54706: {instructions: Bring salted water to boil in a large pot. Add the spaghetti and cook for 6 to 7 minutes, pasta should still be a little firm in the middle just before the pasta is al dente.nIn a saucepan, heat the extravirgin olive oil. Add the garlic, anchovy fillets and chili peppers, and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the spaghetti to the pan, and toss well. Pour in the red wine, and cook until it has reduced and the spaghetti has finished cooking. Add freshly chopped parsley and grated pecorino cheese to pasta, and toss well.nRemove the pasta from heat, transfer to a warm bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 to 4 anchovy fillets, chopped, 3 dried chili peppers, crushed, optional, 2 cups red wine, Small bunch fresh Italian parsley, chopped, 12 cup freshly grated pecorino cheese], title: Drunken Spaghetti, picturelink: null}, 54707: {instructions: Preheat outdoor grill to medium heat or preheat broiler.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Blanch the romaine in the salted water for about 30 seconds, or until the central rib is just tender enough to bend. Remove and plunge into ice water to stop the cooking. Drain and pat dry.nLay romaine leaves out on a counter, outer rib side down. Cut out the wide rib section, or flatten it with your hands. Place a piece of cheese in the middle of each leaf. Top with about 1 tablespoon of the prosciutto. Season with salt and pepper. Make a neat package by folding the leaves around the cheese like an envelope. Place them seam side down. Run a skewers through each package. Brush each with olive oil. Refrigerate if not grilling immediately.nGrill cheese packages over medium heat or broil about 4 inches from the heat. Cook 2 to 3 minutes and turn over. The cheese should begin to weep. Cook another 1 to 2 minutes or until the packets are lightly browned. Top with Sundried Tomato Dressing and serve.nIn a bowl, mix the sundried tomatoes and their oil, vinegar and garlic. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 very large romaine leaves, 4 2ounce balls fresh mozzarella cheese, cut into small cubes, 14 cup diced prosciutto, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 15 skewers, soaked in water for 1 hour, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Sundried Tomato Dressing, recipe follows, 4 ounces oilpacked sundried tomatoes, julienned, oil reserved, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh minced garlic, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Skewered Mozzarella Balls in Romaine, picturelink: null}, 54708: {instructions: Asian Slaw: Combine green cabbage, red cabbage, and carrots and toss in a medium serving bowl. Whisk together rice wine vinegar, sugar, lime juice, ground ginger, and salt and pour over salad mixture. Toss and chill until serving.nSweet Potato Wedges: Cut each sweet potato into eighths. With a pastry brush, coat each piece lightly with canola oil. Bake in a preheated 425 degree F oven for 20 minutes or until tender. Set aside and keep warm until serving.nTempeh: Cut each tempeh cake in half and then cut each piece in two lengthwise. You should end up with 4 semisquare pieces. Score each piece on both sides, diagonally, about 18inch deep. Repeat scoring in opposite direction to create a diamond pattern. In a medium saucepan, bring 2 cups water to boil, add tempeh cakes, and steam for 5 minutes. Remove from heat and place tempeh in a flat bowl or square baking pan and pour soy sauce over top, making sure each piece gets coated. Let set for 5 minutes.nArrange tempeh on lightly oiled baking sheet. With a pastry brush, lightly coat the top of each tempeh cake, top and bottom, with barbecue sauce.nCaramelized Onions: In a medium nonstick skillet, heat canola oil over mediumhigh heat and add sliced onion. Saute onion until translucent, add the brown sugar, and continue cooking another 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from heat.nAssembly: Place 1 or 2 slices of BBQ tempeh in a whole grain sandwich bun. Top with caramelized onions. Place on a plate with 4 sweet potato wedges and a serving of Asian slaw. Have a small bowl of barbecue sauce on the side.nBeverage suggestion: Loose andor bag Green Tea, ingredients: [1 cup finely shredded green cabbage, 12 cup finely shredded red cabbage, 12 cup shredded carrots, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 fresh lime, juiced, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large sweet potatoes, 4 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for sauteing, 2 8ounce tempeh cakes, 2 cups water, 1 cup lite soy sauce, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon brown sugar], title: Spicy BBQ Tempeh Sandwich with Sweet Potato Wedges and Asian Slaw, picturelink: null}, 54709: {instructions: Thaw turkey completely. Then clean out cavity, rinse and pat dry. Season turkey with dry ingredients, to taste for more flavor, season the night before you cook.nHeat oil in pot allow enough room in pot for turkey to be placed, too much oil will cause overflow, bring oil to at least 375 degrees F. Placement of turkey will bring temperature down and you will want to keep temperature at 325 degrees F. while cooking. Cook turkey until golden brown, about 4 minutes per pound., ingredients: [1 15pound turkey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic salt, Cajun seasoning, 3 to 4 gallons vegetable oil, Deepfry thermometer, 26 to 40 quart large pot, High pressure outdoor propane cooker], title: Deep Fried Turkey, picturelink: mxrRcNyyOYMM9hYPqgP15304jsS8SG}, 54710: {instructions: Cut a 12inch slit lengthwise down the center of each halfsmoke. Insert sliced habaneros into the slits. Wrap 1 piece of bacon around each halfsmoke, tucking the ends of the bacon in so it stays secure when frying you can also secure with toothpicks.nHeat enough oil for deepfrying in a deep, heavybottomed saucepot. When the oil is hot add a pinch of flour, and if it fries then the oil is ready, or use a deepfry thermometer to check that the oil is at 350 degrees F, carefully add the baconwrapped halfsmokes. Fry until the bacon is crispy, 2 to 3 minutes. If you choose not to fry the halfsmokes, you can cook them in a 400 degree F oven until the bacon is crispy, or in a saute pan with a dash of cooking oil. Remove from the oil using tongs and place on a papertowellinedplate to remove any excess grease.nSplit the hot dog buns open and place the halfsmokes inside. Top each hot dog with 1 tablespoon ThreeAlarm Relish. Tuck 3 sport peppers between the bun and dog for each hot dog. Drizzle 1 teaspoon Sriracha onto each hot dog. Finish by sprinkling crushed jalapeno chips over all the hot dogs and serve.nPlace the chipotles, Thai chiles, cherry peppers, jalapeno peppers, habanero peppers, cayenne, red chile flakes and hot sauce in a mixing bowl and combine using a spoon do not use your hands, chiles are hot. When combined, set aside until ready to use., ingredients: [4 halfsmokes, 1 habanero pepper, thinly sliced, 4 slices bacon, Oil, for frying, 4 hot dog buns, toasted, 4 tablespoons ThreeAlarm Relish, recipe follows, 12 sport peppers, 4 teaspoons Sriracha, 1 cup crushed jalapenoflavored potato chips, 1 can chipotle peppers, chopped until smooth, 5 Thai chile peppers, thinly sliced, 2 cherry peppers, minced, 2 jalapeno peppers, minced, 1 tablespoon minced habanero peppers, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon crushed red chile flakes, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco], title: ThreeAlarm Cruncher, picturelink: 4Cpb26uAxcqTP8X5Yqn359BCGPnZXxS}, 54711: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a pot of generously salted water and bring to a boil. Cook until just tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and cool slightly.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, whisk together the vinegar, mustard and garlic in a bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified.nHeat the grill to high. Toss the potatoes with a little canola oil, and season with salt and pepper. Put the potatoes in a grill basket and grill, shaking the basket occasionally and turning the potatoes as needed, until charred in spots and just cooked through, about 5 minutes.nPut the potatoes in a serving bowl and toss with the dressing while still hot. Add the parsley and toss again. Serve., ingredients: [2 pounds new potatoes, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Canola oil, for tossing, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Grilled Potatoes with MustardGarlic Dressing, picturelink: null}, 54712: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason fish portions with salt and pepper. Place 12 of an egg sliced in the middle of a 6 by 4inch piece of puff pastry, then cabbage, cooked. Top with basmati rice mixed with mushroom duxelle, fines herbs and last the fish. Make sure that each layer is very even.nMoisten the edges of the pastry with a bit of egg wash. Pull the sides up on top of the fish, pinch together, then repeat with the ends. Repeat for each individual portion. Decorate the top with fish shaped pastry cutouts, wash with egg wash. Bake for 16 minutes.nHeat asparagus in butter with a mashed garlic clove. Season lightly with salt and pepper and add chervil. Place the asparagus in the middle of the plate without the butter. Cut the fish portion in 12 and place on top of the asparagus so that the cut sides show. Remove the garlic clove from the reserved butter and add in the caviar. Mix the caviar gently and spoon evenly to sauce each plate.nMelt butter in saucepan. Add minced onions and saute until translucent. Add mushrooms and porcini and cook until liquid has evaporated. Add vermouth and slowly cook until evaporated. Add sour cream, bechamel, chives, and spices.nBring water to a boil with shallot and salt and simmer until shallot is tender. Whisk in butter and lemon juice., ingredients: [2 pounds clean sturgeon fillet, cut into 6 portions 5 14 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 hardboiled eggs, peeled, sliced 14inch thick, 12 cup white cabbage, thinly sliced and blanched, 12 cup cooked basmati rice, 23 cup creamed mushroom duxelle, recipe follows, 12 cup loosely packed picked fines herbs, 6 pieces puff pastry 6 by 4inches, 1 per portion, Egg wash, for pastry, 1 bunch asparagus, peeled, blanched and cut on the bias 1 12inches long, Buerre Fondue, recipe follows, 1 clove garlic, mashed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup minced chervil, 1 12 ounces Golden Osetra Caviar, 18 pound butter, 1 onion, minced, 1 14 pound mushrooms, minced, 14 kilo frozen porcini pieces, they come in kilo bags, thawed, 14 cup vermouth, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup bechamel sauce, 14 cup minced chives, Pinch nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground fennel seeds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup water, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, Pinch salt, 14 pound butter, Squeeze lemon juice], title: Sturgeon Kulebiaka, picturelink: null}, 54713: {instructions: In a bowl combine well the mayonnaise, the sour cream and the blue cheese., ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup sour cream, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese], title: Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 54714: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBegin by preparing shanks: On a large plate, season flour with plenty of salt and pepper then lightly dredge the shank pieces. Set a large, heavybased pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add a 2count of olive oil then carefully add the shanks to the pot and brown all over. Remove the shanks to a plate and set aside. Toss in the garlic, carrots, onion, bay leaf, thyme and cloves. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes, browning the vegetables, then add wine, beef stock and finally barley. Return the shanks to the pan. Cover and roast in the oven for 2 hours.nWhile they are cooking, prepare the potato crust and GarlicParsley Butter: Chop garlic, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Press and mash the garlic with the flat blade of your knife to form a paste. Fold in the chopped parsley. Melt the butter in a small sauce pot and add the garlicparsley mixture. Cook over low heat for 5 minutes and set aside. Peel the potatoes and cut in half lengthwise.nAfter the stew has been cooking for 2 hours, remove from oven and arrange potatoes on top to completely cover the stew  you may have to cut some of the potato pieces smaller to fit. Place back in the oven uncovered and bake for 30 to 45 minutes or until the potatoes are cooked, then baste with garlicparsley butter.nServe the stew garnished with parsley sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 lamb shanks about 8 ounces each, cut in 12, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 large carrots, cut into coins, 1 large onion, cut into chunks, 1 bay leaf, 14 bunch thyme, 2 cloves, 34 bottle 750ml red wine, 1 quart lowsodium beef stock, 1 cup barley, 6 large russet potatoes, Parsley sprigs, for garnish, 10 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt, 12 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter], title: Lamb Shank Stew with Russet Potato Top, picturelink: rPe2y1i5DcL5bPnsqS.Fqu7lKVH9bhi}, 54715: {instructions: To make filling: In a heavy saucepan combine the egg yolks, sugar, butter and the lemon juice. Cook the mixture over medium low heat, stirring until the butter is melted and custard is thick enough to coat a spoon. Do not let the mixture boil. Transfer the custard to a bowl and stir in the lemon rind. Let the custard cool, cover with a buttered circle of waxed paper, and chill. In a chilled bowl whip the cream until it forms soft peaks. Cover and chill. Remove the strawberry hulls and either halve or quarter the berries, depending on their size. Cover and chill.nMake cake: Preheat oven 350 degrees. Line the bottom of a greased jelly roll pan, 15 12 by 10 12 by 1inch, with foil. Grease the foil and dust with flour knocking out excess. In a bowl with an electric mixer beat egg yolks, 14 cup granulated sugar, zest and vanilla until thick and pale and mixture forms a ribbon when beaters are lifted. In a large bowl with clean beaters beat egg whites until they hold soft peaks. Beat in the remaining sugar and gradually beat egg whites until they hold stiff peaks. Stir 13 of the whites into the yolk mixture to lighten it and fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Sift flour, salt and cornstarch over batter and fold until batter is just combined. Spread batter evenly in prepared pan and bake in middle rack of oven for 6 to 9 minutes or until cake is lightly colored and springs back when pressed lightly. Dust ankitchen towel generously with confectioners sugar and invert cake onto it. Remove foil carefully from cake. Starting with the long side, roll up cake loosely but gently in the towel and cool 30 minutes.nMake lemon syrup: In a small saucepan combine 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice and 1 tablespoon water and bring to a simmer, stirring until all the sugar is dissolved. Keep syrup warm.nAssemble cake: Stir half of the chilled whipped cream into the chilled lemon curd until mixture loosens up. Fold in remaining whipped cream. Unroll cake and carefully brush with half the warm syrup. Spread cake with lemon curd filling. Arrange halved strawberries over the filling. Reroll the cake carefully. Transfer cake to a platter seam side down, and brush with remaining syrup. Chill roll covered loosely for at least 2 hours or overnight.nMake lemon glaze: In a small bowl whisk together 12 cup confectioners sugar and 1 tablespoon lemon juice to make a pourable glaze. Transfer glaze into a small resealable plastic bag. Snip one corner to make a small hole. Trim ends of cake diagonally and squeeze glaze decoratively over cake., ingredients: [4 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 12 stick unsalted butter, Juice of 2 lemons, 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 1 cup wellchilled heavy cream, 1 pint small to medium strawberries, 4 large eggs, separated, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, Confectioners sugar for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Lemon Strawberry Cake Roll, picturelink: null}, 54716: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nCook ditalini according to package directions. Drain and toss with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. Season with salt and black pepper.nArrange chicken breasts on a flat surface. Top each piece of chicken with ham. Mix together spinach and goat cheese and spread over ham. Starting from the shorter end, roll up chicken and secure with wooden picks. Brush mustard all over chicken rolls and then roll in bread crumbs.nHeat remaining oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken rolls and cook until golden brown on all sides.nTransfer chicken to oven and bake 20 minutes, until chicken is cooked through.nServe chicken with half of the ditalini. Reserve extra ditalini for another dish., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 pounds ditalini pasta, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, pounded to 14inch thickness, 8 ounces thinly sliced ham, 1 cup baby spinach leaves, chopped, 4 ounces goat cheese, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs], title: Chicken Rollatini with Ditalini, picturelink: uoK0hSWnFg2H8lxKLUuW8I.LDt6}, 54717: {instructions: Adjust rack to center of oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Place a silpat a French nonstick baking mat or parchment paper on a baking sheet set aside.nIn a large bowl, sift together flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, baking powder, and salt. Using a pastry blender, or 2 knives, cut in butter until the largest pieces are the size of small peas. Stir in blueberries and zest.nWith a fork whisk together cream and egg in a liquid measuring cup. Make a well in the center of dry ingredients, and pour in cream mixture. Stir lightly with fork just until dough comes together. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead a few times to combine.nPat dough into a 6 by 6inch square about 1 14 inches thick. With a floured knife, cut into 4 3inch squares. Cut squares in half on the diagonal to form 8 triangles. Transfer to prepared baking sheet. Brush tops with cream and sprinkle with sugar. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 22 minutes. Transfer scones from baking sheet to wire racks to cool., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, plus more for sprinkling tops, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 cups fresh blueberries, picked over and rinsed, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 13 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing tops, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Blueberry Scones, picturelink: null}, 54718: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, fry the bacon over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Then add the onions and cook until the bacon is cooked but not crisp and the onions are translucent, another couple of minutes. Do not drain the bacon grease because it gives the beans a good taste. Add the beans, peppers, tomatoes, garlic and 1 12 cups water, and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Add some salt and pepper and the cilantro and remove from the heat., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, cut into 14inch slices, 14 medium onion, finely diced, Two 27ounce cans pinto beans, 2 serrano peppers, scored, 1 medium tomato, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt and pepper, 14 bunch fresh cilantro dont use the stems and dont chop, just snip or pinch off the leaves], title: Anitas Cheater Beans, picturelink: Bpa59rCqwbUm4M2S0guPbN9wVD5SKDq}, 54719: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: SkewersnUsing a hand mixer, whisk together the cream, sugar and vanilla paste until stiff peaks. Set aside and keep chilled until ready to use.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat. Wipe the grill with a thin layer of butter soaked into a paper towel. Grill the cake shells on each side until dark grill marks are achieved, about 1 minute per side. Set aside to cool.nInto the well of each grilled cake, place a nice dollop of the whipped cream. Then place berries on top of the cream, place another cake on top and sandwich the two together. Add a berry or two to a skewer and then skewer the sandwich together. Eat with your pinkies up., ingredients: [1 cup heavy whipping cream, cold, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla paste, 2 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 18 round mini dessert shortcake shells, 1 quart mixed berries raspberries,blackberries, blueberries, strawberries, etc.], title: Shortcake Club, picturelink: aleenXlJMmWzTlsO5IQdU2pB.j8Nda}, 54720: {instructions: Special equipment: a candy thermometernHeat the oil in a large deep, pot over medium heat. Bring the oil to 325 degrees F. Regulate the temperature with a candy thermometer. Keep the potato sticks in a bowl of water to prevent browning before frying. Remove to paper towels and dry well before placing in the oil. Working in batches, fry the potatoes until they are cooked through and tender but have no color, 4 to 5 minutes. Be sure the fries have plenty of room and gently swish them around as they are cooking. Remove them from the oil and put them immediately on a paper towellined baking sheet.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F and raise the temperature of the cooking oil to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, cayenne, seafood seasoning, baking soda and a pinch of salt. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and gently stir in the cold beer. Mix until just combined. When the oil is preheated to the correct temperature, dip the fish in the batter mixture. Coat the fish generously. When adding the fish to the oil, dip about 13 to 12 of the fillet into the oil and allow the batter to start puffing and then gently slide it into the oil completely. Fry the fish until they are golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes, turning the fish over during the cooking time. When the fish are done, remove from the oil and put immediately on paper towels to blot the excess oil. Arrange the fish on a baking sheet lined with a cooling rack. Hold the fish in the preheated oven until serving. Work in batches and be sure not to crowd the oil.nAgain, working in batches, fry the fries a second time at 375 degrees F, until they are golden brown and crispy. Remove them from the oil, immediately put them on paper towels and toss with salt. Transfer the fish to a serving platter and serve with the fries., ingredients: [3 quarts peanut or vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large russet potatoes, peeled and cut lengthwise into 14inch wide sticks, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 34 bottle cold light beer, 1 pound white fish, such as cod, cut diagonally into 1 12inch wide strips, 5 to 6inches long], title: Fish and Chips, picturelink: agIlEeaIk8K.nZuBDoB9abgNqy3MsSS}, 54721: {instructions: Preheat a grill to between 300 and 350 degrees F.nPut potatoes, onion, bell peppers, and rosemary in a large bowl and toss to combine. Coat with olive oil and toss again. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nWhen grill is preheated, place a medium skillet over the fire. Pour the contents of the bowl into the skillet. Continually stir potatoes until cooked thoroughly, approximately 25 minutes. Carefully remove hot skillet from grill and serve., ingredients: [6 to 8 red potatoes, cubed, 1 white onion, chopped, 2 bell peppers, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, minced, Olive oil, Salt and black pepper], title: Texas Hash, picturelink: vJKuEDuOhIO1QPfruV7UG55KgM1kkUO}, 54722: {instructions: For the puree: Add the blackberries to a medium saucepan with the sugar and lime juice. Cook over low heat, covered, 20 to 25 minutes. Strain using a fine mesh strainer, pressing the berries to extract as much juicepuree as possible. Place in the fridge to cool completely.nFor the lime sugar: Mix together the sugar and lime zest. Use a piece of lime to moisten the rim of each margarita glass, and then dip in the lime sugar.nFor the margaritas: In a blender, add 1 cup of the tequila, 14 cup of the triple sec, 14 cup of the sugar, and the juice of 1 lime. Fill the blender with ice and blend until smooth. Then add as much blackberry puree as desired, 13 to 12 cup. Pour into 4 rimmed glasses and serve immediately. Repeat with the rest of the ingredients for the other 4 glasses., ingredients: [2 pints fresh blackberries, 14 cup sugar, Juice of 12 lime, 2 cups sugar, Zest of 3 limes, 1 lime wedge, 2 cups tequila, 12 cup triple sec, 12 cup sugar, 2 limes, Ice], title: Blackberry Margaritas, picturelink: pcrlTNfkRVc4TpPahGsoJksPItFswc6}, 54723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to medium heat.nIn a small bowl, combine the sugar and pumpkin pie spice. In a large bowl, combine the berries with half the lemon zest and lemon juice and half the sugar and spice mixture. Allow the berries to sit and macerate for 15 minutes. Slice each ciabatta loaf in half lengthwise and then slice each half in half on the bias. Brush the cut sides of the bread with the melted butter, sprinkle with the remaining sugar and spice mixture and place on the grill. Grill until toasted and browned, 3 to 4 minutes. Combine the remaining lemon zest with the whipped topping and stir. Remove the bread from the grill. Divide the bread evenly among 4 plates. Top each with 12 cup berry mixture. Serve with a dollop of the whipped topping and garnish with mint., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 1 pint strawberries, sliced, 12 pint blueberries, 12 pint raspberries, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, 2 ciabatta sandwich loaves, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, One 8ounce tub whipped topping, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Sweet and Crispy Spiced Bread and Berries, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 54724: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add the spaghetti, then salt. Cook the pasta according to package directions, until al dente. Drain, but do not discard the pasta water.nIn a large, deep saute pan, heat 2 cups of the Amatriciana sauce over mediumlow heat until hot. Add the pasta into the pan. Add 1 tablespoon of the pasta water to the pan and toss the pasta to coat with the sauce. Remove from the heat and stir in 1 tablespoon each of the cheeses.nDivide the pasta between 2 plates and top with the remaining cheese and the fresh herbs.nTo make the sauce:nIn a pan over mediumhigh heat, saute the pancetta until just starting to brown. Remove the pancetta and add the onion to the pan. Saute the onion until translucent, about 1 minute. Add the carrot, celery, garlic, tomato puree, and cooked pancetta to the pan. Stir and simmer until reduced by half. Add the cinnamon, cumin, and cardamom and stir. Simmer the mixture 5 more minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces dried spaghetti, Kosher salt, to taste, 2 cups Serenas Amatriciana Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons Parmigiano cheese, divided, 2 tablespoons pecorino cheese, divided, Fresh basil leaves, thinly sliced, for garnish, Fresh parsley sprigs, thinly sliced, for garnish, Fresh mint leaves, thinly sliced, for garnish, 1 cup pancetta, chopped, 1 cup onion, chopped, 1 carrot, finely grated, 1 celery, finely grated, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 32ounce can tomato puree, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cumin, Pinch ground cardamom, Serving suggestion: serve over cooked pasta.], title: Pasta with Serenas Amatriciana Sauce, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 54725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pastry cutternFor the sweet potatoes: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the sweet potatoes until forktender, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove the potatoes and raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F.nSlice the sweet potatoes in half and let them cool slightly. Scoop out the innards, place into a large bowl and give them a good mash, leaving some texture to the potatoesno need to mash completely. Add the granulated sugar, milk, salt, vanilla extract and eggs. Stir and mash the mixture aroundyou dont want them to be perfectly smooth.nButter a 2quart baking dish, pour in the potatoes and smooth out the top.nFor the topping: Combine the brown sugar and flour in a bowl. Throw in the butter and with a pastry cutter, cut together until thoroughly combined. Add the pecans and combine until the topping is nice and crumbly. Sprinkle the crumb mixture all over the top of the potatoes.nBake until golden brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 to 5 medium sweet potatoes, washed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, Butter, for greasing dish, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 6 tablespoons 34 stick butter, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Sweet Soul Taters, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 54726: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Cream butter in a bowl. Gradually add confectioners sugar and salt. Beat until light and fluffy. Add almonds and vanilla. Blend in flour gradually and mix well. Shape into crescents using about 1 teaspoon for each cookie. Place on ungreased cookie sheets, and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Do not brown. Cool slightly, then roll in the extra confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 12 cups unsalted butter, 34 cup confectioners sugar, plus 13 cup, for rolling, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups finely ground blanched almonds, 5 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups sifted allpurpose flour], title: Italian Wedding Cookies, picturelink: null}, 54727: {instructions: Place sliced beef in a hot saute pan. Top with onions and cheese. Add a splash of consomme to pan and cover. Once cheese has melted, remove beef and place in roll., ingredients: [6 ounces rare roast beef, sliced thin, 1 large onion, sliced medium and Sauteed, 4 slices American cheese, 1 to 2 tablespoons beef consomme, 1 large hero roll, sliced], title: Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 54728: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a large ovenproof skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Sprinkle the barbecue seasoning blend over the pork tenderloin. Quickly sear the meat on all sides over medium heat.nMeanwhile, while meat is searing, start the hash browns by adding the vegetable oil and butter to another large skillet. Add the shredded sweet potatoes, onion and bell pepper blend, and celery leaves in a single layer. Cook over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes without stirring. Stir in the salt and pepper, to taste, and continue to cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 to 12 minutes.nOnce the tenderloin has been seared, remove to a platter and to the same skillet whisk in the Bloody Mary mix, peach nectar, Worcestershire sauce, apple cider vinegar, brown sugar, garlic, hot sauce, cracked black pepper, and chopped peaches simmer over medium heat for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove sauce from heat, place the seared pork in skillet and spoon sauce over top. Place the skillet in oven and cook until pork reaches an internal temperature of 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove meat from oven and allow to sit for a few minutes before slicing. To plate, arrange sweet potato hash browns and the sliced pork on individual dishes and top with some of the sauce. Garnish with fresh peach slices and a sprinkling of parsley.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 tablespoon hickory barbecue seasoning blend, 2 pounds pork tenderloin, cleaned, 2 cups prepared virgin Bloody Mary mix, 1 12 cups peach nectar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 12 cups chopped frozen peaches, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cups sweet potatoes, peeled and shredded, 1 to 2 cups bagged frozen onions and red bell pepper mixture, chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh celery leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 fresh peaches, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Carolina Pork Tenderloin with Peach BBQ Sauce and Sweet Potato Hash Browns, picturelink: null}, 54729: {instructions: Heat vegetable oil in a medium saute pan, add onions, green chiles, jalapenos, garlic and cumin and saute until onions are translucent.nIn large bowl combine chicken, lime juice and cilantro. Add the onionchili mixture and mix. Stir in cheese and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nUsing a 4inch ring mold, cut circles from prepared pie dough. Put about 1 tablespoon of the chicken mixture in center of dough. Brush egg wash around circumference of the dough. Fold top half over to form a half circle. Seal with the tines of a fork.nHeat a deepfryer to 325 degrees F. with peanut oil. Submerge a few empanadas into oil until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove and drain on paper towels. Cool slightly and serve with Orange Salsa Verde dipping sauce.nIn a large bowl combine all ingredients., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium yellow onion, finely diced, 1 can diced green chiles, 12 jalapeno, seeded and finely diced, optional, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 rotisserie chicken, picked and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 cups grated pepper jack cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Prepared pie dough, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash, Peanut oil, for fryer, Orange Salsa Verde dipping sauce, recipe follows, 1 jar prepared salsa verde, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper or 12 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Spicy Chicken Empanadas with Orange Salsa Verde, picturelink: 44dw8yiRJsQGKl8csOJlzLDkXodIlNK}, 54730: {instructions: In a plastic bag, toss the shrimp with the seasoned flour to coat them, transfer the shrimp to a large sieve, and shake off the excess flour. In a kettle heat 1 inch of the oil over moderately high heat until it registers 375 degrees on a deepfat thermometer and in it fry the shrimp in batches, stirring occasionally, for 1 minute, or until they are just cooked through, transferring them as they are fried to paper towels to drain.nIn a bowl stir together the gingerroot, mayonnaise and mustard until the mixture is well combined and spread 1 tablespoon of the ginger mayonnaise on each pieces of toast. Arrange the radishes, alfalfa sprouts and shrimp decoratively on the toast and tuck a watercress sprig into each sandwich. Stir the lemon juice into the remaining mayonnaise and serve the sandwiches with the mayonnaise drizzled over them., ingredients: [1 12 pound small shrimp, shelled, Allpurpose flour seasoned with salt and cayenne, Vegetable oil, for deep frying the shrimp, 4 tablespoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 13 cup mayonnaise, 6 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 8 slices rye bread, toasted lightly, 20 radishes, trimmed and sliced thin, 2 cups lightly packed alfalfa sprouts, 8 watercress sprigs for garnish, 4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice], title: OpenFaced Fried Shrimp Sandwiches with Ginger Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 54731: {instructions: Heat the sugar, ginger and 12 cup water in a small sauce pan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, and stir to melt the sugar. Remove from the heat and allow to steep and cool for 15 minutes, then strain should make about 34 cup. Reserve the unused ginger syrup for another use.nMix 14 cup of the syrup with the lemon juice in a large liquid measuring cup. Add the club soda. Divide between two chilled beer chalices. Pour half of the beer into each glass. Garnish each with a lemon slice and serve.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, One 2inch piece ginger, peeled and coarsely grated, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 ounces chilled club soda, One 12ounce bottle chilled India pale ale, such as Brooklyn East, 2 lemon slices, for garnish], title: Pale Ginger Shandy, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 54732: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the mushroom caps in a single layer in a lightly greased shallow baking dish. In a bowl combine the stuffing ingredients thoroughly. Divide the stuffing mixture among the mushroom caps, mounding it slightly. Drizzle the mushrooms with the olive oil or butter and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle tops with reserved 14 cup cheese. Bake in the middle of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes, or until heated through., ingredients: [24 medium mushrooms, stems removed, finely chopped to be used in the following Duxelles recipe, 12 cup duxelles, see following recipe, 14 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, i.e. parsley, tarragon, chervil, andor chives, 12 cup lumb crab meat or finely chopped prosciutto or crumbled cooked bacon, optional, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Asiago or crumbled Feta, 14 cup reserved for top, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons olive oil or melted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Basic Stuffed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 54733: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the cake flour and rice flour together in a medium glass bowl and divide it in half. Set aside.nHeat the vegetable oil in a 5quart Dutch oven over high heat until it reaches 375 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nOnce the temperature reaches 365 degrees F, whisk the egg, seltzer water and vodka, in a medium mixing bowl and divide it in half. Put half of the mixture in the refrigerator to reserve. Pour half of the liquid mixture into half of the dry mixture and whisk to combine, about 10 to 15 seconds. Some lumps may remain. Set the glass bowl in a larger bowl lined with ice.nDip the sweet potatoes into the batter using tongs, drain for 2 to 3 seconds over the bowl, and then add to the hot oil. Adjust the heat to maintain between 375 and 400 degrees F. Fry 6 to 8 pieces, at a time, until puffy and very light golden, about 1 to 2 minutes Remove to a cooling rack lined with 3 layers of paper towels set over a half sheet pan. Sprinkle with salt, if desired. Repeat the same dipping and frying procedure with the green beans and parsley leaves. Put the fried vegetables on a serving platter and serve the as an appetizer while preparing the seafood.nWhisk together the remaining halves of dry and liquid batter ingredients as above and repeat dipping and frying with the shrimp and fish fillets. Sprinkle with salt, if desired, transfer the fish to a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 ounces unbleached cake flour, 5 ounces white rice flour, 1 12 quarts vegetable oil, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 12 cups cold seltzer water, 12 cup vodka, 5 to 6 ounces sweet potato, peeled and cut into 18inch thick slices, Kosher salt, 14 pound fresh green beans, trimmed, 8 stems flatleaf parsley, 12 pound shrimp, 31 to 35 count, head and tailon, peeled and deveined, 12 pound tilapia fillets, cut into 1inch pieces, Ice], title: Tempura, picturelink: wDQpfRsROD0TQIWxmNB1SmTh1SELy}, 54734: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 12inch round biscuit cutter, bamboo steamernTo make the salad: In a small nonstick skillet, stir together the oil, jalapeno, and garlic. Stirfry over medium heat until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the heat and add the sugar. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl, and cool slightly. Toss the carrot, coriander, lime juice, fish sauce, and scallion together with the jalapeno mixture. Set aside.nTo make the dumplings: In a medium bowl, combine the crabmeat, water chestnuts, egg white, 1 tablespoon of vinegar, coriander, and salt.nLay 6 to 8 wontons out on a work surface. Trim into rounds with the biscuit cutter. Lightly brush the surface of each wrapper with vinegar. Place a level tablespoon of the crab filling in the center of each wrapper. Gather the wrapper around the filling, in a looselypleated open dumpling. The dumpling should be flat on the bottom with about a 12inch of the wrapper unfilled at the top in order to hold the salad after steaming. Repeat until the filling is used up.nArrange the dumplings about 14inch apart in 2 lettuce leaflined bamboo steamers. Fill a wok or pan with enough water to come up to the bottom of the steamer rack, and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Stack the steamers in the pan, cover, and steam the dumplings until the filling is set, about 10 minutes.nRemove the steamer from the pan. Top each dumpling with 12 heaping teaspoon of the carrot salad. Serve immediately in the steamer pan., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, like soy or corn, 14 to 12 jalapeno chile with seeds, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup grated carrots about 2 medium carrots, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander leaves cilantro, 12 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon Southeast Asian fish sauce, 1 scallion white and green, chopped, 12 pound lump crabmeat, picked over to remove bits of shell and cartilage, 14 cup chopped water chestnuts, 1 large egg white, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice wine vinegar, plus more as needed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh coriander leaves cilantro, Heaping 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 24 wonton wrappers 3 12inch square, thawed if frozen, 2 romaine leaves], title: Crab Dumplings  Slimmed, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 54735: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Brush squash with syrup. Sprinkle with crushed maple candy. Place squash on a sheet pan. Roast for 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [1 acorn squash, halved, 4 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 2 tablespoons maple sugar candy, crushed], title: Maple Glazed Acorn Squash, picturelink: null}, 54736: {instructions: In a bowl toss the peaches with 14 cup of the sugar and the lemon juice and let the mixture stand for 30 minutes. Drain the peaches and puree them in the food processor. In a heavy saucepan combine the remaining 34 cup sugar with 14 cup water, bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat, washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the sides of the pan with the brush dipped in cold water, and simmer the syrup until it is pale golden caramel. Add the 12 cup boiling water carefully  the mixture will bubble up and simmer the syrup, stirring, until the caramel is dissolved.nIn a small bowl sprinkle the cookies with the Amaretto and let stand for 5 minutes. In the large mixer bowl beat the egg yolks until they are thick and pale, add the syrup in a stream, beating, and beat the mixture until cool. Stir in the vanilla, peach puree, cookie mixture and cream. Freeze mixture in the ice cream freezer according to the manufacturers instructions.nIn a small heavy saucepan combine the cream and brown sugar, bring the mixture to a boil over moderately high heat, whisking occasionally, and whisk it until the brown sugar is dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat, add the bittersweet chocolate and the unsweetened chocolate, and whisk the mixture until the chocolate is melted. Whisk in the butter until the sauce is smooth and let the sauce cool slightly. The chocolate sauce may be make 1 week in advance and kept covered and chilled. Reheat the chocolate sauce over very low heat, stirring occasionally, until it is warm.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [1 12 pounds peaches, peeled, pitted, and sliced, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 cup water plus 12 cup boiling water, 1 cup crumbled amaretti, Italian almond macaroon cookies, 3 tablespoons Amaretto, 6 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 cups well chilled heavy cream, 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 23 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped], title: Peach Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 54737: {instructions: Clean chicken breasts and dry well. In a shallow baking dish, combine the flour, cayenne pepper, paprika, salt, and pepper. Dredge chicken breasts in flour mixture to coat. Shake off excess. In a large skillet heat 14inch vegetable oil over medium heat. Add chicken and brown well, about 2 minutes on each side. Remove from pan and set aside. Pour excess oil from pan, leaving a thin layer. Add onions and garlic, saute, stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 3 to 5 minutes. In a bowl combine sour cream, chicken stock and green onions and mix well. Transfer chicken back to skillet, pour sour cream mixture over it. Bring to a simmer and cook, covered, until done, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, Salt and pepper, to taste, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 onion, 2 small garlic cloves, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 chopped green onions, including green part], title: Smothered Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54738: {instructions: For the graham cracker crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees for 15 minutes. Line a cupcake pan with 12 liners.nToss the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter and sugar together and place a heaping teaspoon in the bottom of each of the 12 cupcake liners in the pan. Tap down with the bottom of a whisk to make a hard flat surface in the bottom of the cupcake liner. Bake for 5 minutes.nFor the cheesecake batter: In a medium mixing bowl, cream together the cream cheese, sugar and salt. When all the lumps are gone, add the egg and mix to fully incorporate. Fold in the blueberries using a rubber spatula and set aside.nFor the pound cake batter: Sift together the flour, salt and baking soda, and set aside. Cream together the butter and sugar in a stand mixer until light and fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl between additions. Alternately add the sour cream and dry ingredients in three batches ending with the dry. Add the vanilla extract and mix to fully incorporate.nTo assemble: Fill the baking cups with the graham cracker crust about halfway with the pound cake batter. With a teaspoon make a well in the middle of the batter. Spoon about a teaspoon of the cheesecake batter into the well. Bake until the top of the cupcake begins to turn brown and the cake portion feels firm to the finger, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove and cool completely.nFor the decorations: Roll out both fondants to 18inch thick. Cut large ovals from the white fondant and small circles pupils from the black fondant. Affix the pupils to the eyes with the egg white. Make 24 fondant eyes, 2 per cupcake.nWith a round pastry tip, using a circular motion, frost the cupcakes with the Lightened Cream Cheese Frosting. Affix the eyes in the center of the cupcake.nCream together the cream cheese and butter, stopping to scrape down the bowl and ensure there are no lumps. Add the confectioners sugar and blue food coloring and mix to fully incorporate. Set aside. Whip the heavy whipping cream and vanilla extract until whipped cream is formed. Fold the whipped cream into the cream cheese mixture. Put mixture into a pastry bag affixed with a round tip., ingredients: [12 cup graham cracker crumbs, 1 12 ounces melted butter, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, Dash salt, 12 egg, 12 cup fresh blueberries, 6 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon baking soda, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 11 12 ounces sugar, 3 eggs, 4 ounces sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 ounces white fondant, 1 ounce black fondant, Beaten egg white, Lightened Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 ounces 12 stick butter, at room temperature, 3 ounces confectioners sugar, Blue food coloring, as needed, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Toodee FruityBlueberry Cheesecake Cupcakes, picturelink: NLc.VHCoai9GzkDfQkS9zhykzId4Mcm}, 54739: {instructions: Make the chile oil: Combine the chopped chiles, olive oil and 14 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan over low heat and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate up to 1 week. You will have about 1 14 cups chile oil.nCook the polenta: Bring 3 cups cold water, the milk, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Gradually whisk in the polenta whisk constantly until the mixture is smooth and begins to thicken, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer, stirring often, until tender and thickened but still creamy, about 30 minutes. Add more hot water as needed if the mixture seems too dry. Stir in the butter and cheese.nMeanwhile, make the braised greens: Heat the olive oil in a large highsided saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until softened, 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly golden brown, about 2 minutes. Add the greens, season with salt and pepper and toss. Reduce the heat to medium, stir in 1 cup water, cover and cook until wilted and soft, about 20 minutes. Remove the lid during the last 5 minutes to cook off any additional liquid. Stir in the red wine vinegar just before serving.nPoach the eggs: Heat 3 cups water with the white vinegar until simmering in a large highsided frying pan. Break each egg into a cup, then gently add to the water. Poach until the yolks are nearly set, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the eggs from the pan with a slotted spoon to drain the liquid and place on a plate. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, spoon some of the polenta into bowls, top with some of the greens and a poached egg per bowl. Drizzle with the chile oil and garnish with the chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 cup stemmed and finely chopped Tutto Calabria hot long red chile peppers, or hot cherry peppers, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 cup whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup polenta or stoneground yellow cornmeal, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 14 pounds mustard greens, ribs removed, leaves chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 4 eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for serving], title: Creamy Polenta with Braised Greens and Poached Eggs, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 54740: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine that flour, baking powder and cinnamon. Place the peanut butter in a medium bowl and microwave at high power to soften, 5 to 10 seconds. Whisk in the milk, then stir the mixture into the dry ingredients.nShape the dough into a long, flattened log and place on a greased baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes remove from the oven and let cool for 10 minutes. Slice the log crosswise on an angle into 1inchthick pieces. Set the slices on their sides they should look like biscotti and bake until crisp, 10 to 12 minutes more. Transfer to a rack to cool.nMelt the carob in a microwave or on the stovetop over low heat. Thin the melted carob with 1 tablespoon water, if needed. Using a spoon, drizzle the melted carob over the biscuits. Let cool completely. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups wholewheat flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, 1 cup chunky peanut butter, 1 cup milk, 1 cup carob chips], title: Peanut Carob Isabooscotti, picturelink: null}, 54741: {instructions: Bring a large pan of water to a boil. Add asparagus and cook until tender yet crisp about 2 minutes. Drain.nCut seafood and chicken into 12 inch cubes. Coat both with cornstarch, egg white, salt and pepper.nPlace a wok over high heat until hot. Add oil and swirl to coat the sides. Add ginger and cook, stirring until fragrant, about 10 seconds. Add seafood, chicken and green onions and stir fry for 1 minute. Add broth, oyster sauce, and fish sauce and bring to a boil. Add cornstarch solution and cook, stirring, until sauce boils and thickens. Add asparagus and toss to mix.nTo make basket, heat cooking oil in a wok for deep frying to about 30 degrees F. Rinse shredded potato under cold running water squeeze well to remove as much moisture as possible and pat dry with paper towels. Toss potato with cornstarch. Dip strainers into hot oil to coat them. Line one strainer with potato to a thickness of about 38 inch. Nest second strainer on top, and immerse strainers in oil. Deep fry until golden brown. Remove potato from the basket and drain on paper towels. Fill immediately with seafood mixture., ingredients: [34 pound asparagus, trimmed and cut into 2 inch lengths, 12 pound mixed seafood choose from firm white fish fillets, scallops and shrimp, 14 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 egg white, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 green onion, finely chopped, 34 cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 2 teaspoons water, 2 six inch metal strainers, Cooking oil, 1 medium potato, peeled and shredded, 1 teaspoon cornstarch], title: Chicken and Seafood Trio in a Basket, picturelink: null}, 54742: {instructions: Fill 14 of the milk container with water, add citrus slices and freeze. Fill 12 way with water, add citrus slices and freeze. Continue process until container is filled. Rip off paper container, place block in large bowl and serve with punch., ingredients: [1 clean empty milk container, Orange, lemon and lime slices, Water], title: Punch Ice Block, picturelink: null}, 54743: {instructions: In a pitcher, blend the liquors and the lemon juice. Fill 6 highball glasses with ice.nPour the mixture into each glass about 23s of the way and top with a splash of cola to fill the glass.nGarnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [3 ounces light rum, 3 ounces vodka, 3 ounces gin, 3 ounces tequila, 3 ounces orange liqueur, 3 ounces freshly squeezed lemon juice, Ice, Cola, 6 small sprigs fresh mint, optional], title: Coney Island Iced Tea, picturelink: XkqkvPW2OW3zDj256tLNc0z1kpxN1sO}, 54744: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nStir 1 egg in a large bowl to blend. Mix in the potatoes, then the flour. Using a generous 12 cup of potato mixture for each, form the potato mixture into 4 4 12inch diameter pancakes.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick fry pan over medium heat. Fry the pancakes until they are golden brown and heated through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the pancakes to paper towels to drain. Keep the pancakes warm on a baking sheet in the oven. Pour off the excess oil from the pan.nHeat the pan over mediumlow heat. Crack the remaining 4 eggs into the pan. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until the white is firm, about 2 minutes. Using a spatula, turn the eggs over and cook for 30 seconds longer.nSpoon the sauce onto 4 plates. Place a pancake atop the sauce. Top each pancake with a fried egg. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [5 large eggs, 2 cups mashed potatoes, chilled, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup marinara sauce, warmed, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan], title: Eggs in Purgatory, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 54745: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine garlic powder, onion powder, pepper and salt. Drizzle 12 cup olive oil on bread and add to the seasoning mixture. Toss thoroughly. Place the bread cubes on a baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and let cool.nIn another bowl, whisk together the sherry, remaining olive oil and honey. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss cooled bread cubes, strawberries, tomatoes, blue cheese, orange zest, onion and sherry dressing. Try to coat each bread cube with the dressing.nServe immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 14 cup, 1 loaf sourdough bread, cut in 1inch cubes, 12 cup sherry, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cup fresh strawberries, sliced, 4 Roma tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup blue cheese, crumbled, 1 orange, zested, 14 cup sliced red onion], title: Strawberry Panzanella, picturelink: fL7UgjOfZPYLGWh1G5XVuNuAf4dBIBi}, 54746: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix all ingredients and press into an oiled 9 by 13 pan. Bake for 20 minutes and cool. Cut into bars and enjoy, ingredients: [4 12 cups granola, 14 cup honey add more if you like them sweeter, 34 cup unsweetened apple butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup whole wheat pastry flour or oat flour, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup raisins, 12 cup chocolate chips], title: Joeys PowerGranola Bars, picturelink: null}, 54747: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a bowl, whisk the eggs. Whisk in the milk, salt and pepper. Set aside.nHeat the olive oil in an ovenproof 10inch castiron or nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the french fries, ham and peas. Saute about 2 minutes. Pour in the egg mixture. Drop the ricotta by the teaspoonful around the pan. Do the same with the pesto.nTransfer the skillet to the oven. Let cook until the eggs are set, 13 to 15 minutes. Serve immediately or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 eggs, 14 cup milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped leftover french fries you could also use roasted potatoes, hash browns, tater tots, etc., 12 cup chopped deli ham, 12 cup thawed frozen peas, 14 cup ricotta, 2 tablespoons prepared basil pesto], title: Fridge Frittata, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 54748: {instructions: Put chicken in a large baking dish and sprinkle on the pepper, salt, and garlic powder. Refrigerate chicken for 1 hour.nPut the flour in a large, sturdy plastic bag. Add the chicken, a few pieces at a time, and shake to coat. Remove from the bag and shake off any excess flour.nIn a large cast iron skillet, heat the oil until shimmering. Carefully drop chicken into the uncovered skillet and fry over moderate heat, turning until golden brown and cooked through, about 30 minutes. Lower the heat if the chicken gets too dark. Remove and drain excess oil on paper towels., ingredients: [1 3 12pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, rinsed and patted dry, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup vegetable oil, for frying], title: Hatties Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54749: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Line 12 muffin tins 2 12 inch round with paper liners. Sift sugar, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon together. Add flour and sift again. In a bowl combine egg, melted butter and buttermilk. Stir the wet ingredients into dry ones and mix just to combine dont overbeat. Add apples and pecans. Spoon batter into muffin tins to the top. Sprinkle with granulated sugar and bake 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool., ingredients: [12 cup, packed, brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups flour, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup melted butter, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cored and cut into 14inch dice about 1 12 cups, 4 ounces 1 cup pecans, chopped, 1 to 2 tablespoons regular sugar], title: Apple Muffins, picturelink: null}, 54750: {instructions: Make the bacon jam: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to paper towels pour off all but 3 tablespoons drippings from the skillet. Add the canola oil to the skillet and heat over low heat. Add the onion cover and cook 10 minutes. Uncover and cook, stirring occasionally, until very soft, 10 to 15 more minutes. Return the bacon to the skillet add the white wine vinegar and thyme and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nMake the secret sauce: Pulse the mayonnaise, ketchup, sherry vinegar, Sriracha and garlic in a food processor until smooth season with salt and pepper.nMake the burgers: Preheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Form the beef into six 12inchthick patties season with salt and pepper. Grill 5 minutes flip and brush with the mustard. Grill 5 more minutes for medium rare, topping with the cheese in the last minute. Spread the sauce on the bottom buns top with the burgers, bacon jam, pickles and top buns.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [12 slices bacon, diced, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 sprig thyme, leaves stripped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup mayonnaise, 34 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Sriracha, 1 clove garlic, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 2 14 pounds ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 teaspoons dijon mustard, 6 slices American cheese, 6 sesame buns, split, Sliced kosher dill pickles, for topping], title: Bash Burgers, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 54751: {instructions: Empty a 12ounce bag of fresh or frozen cranberries into a saucepan and transfer 12 cup to a small bowl. Add 1 14 cup sugar, 1 strip orange or lemon zest, 12 cup red wine, a cinnamon stick, 14 cup crystallized ginger, 1 each sliced unpeeled orange and lemon seeds removed, 14 cup golden raisins and 2 tablespoons water to the pan and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves and the cranberries are soft, about 10 minutes. Increase the heat to medium and cook until the cranberries burst, about 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the reserved cranberries. Add sugar, salt and pepperto taste and cool to room temperature before serving.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: CranCitrus Chutney, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 54752: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nAdd the ground beef to a large nonstick medium pan. Cook until brown and crumbly, about 8 minutes.nGrill the hot dogs on all sides. Once cooked, remove from the grill and butterfly down the center.nWhile the beef and hot dogs are cooking, add the butter, basil, cilantro and sage to a hot skillet. Toast the buns on the grill pan with the hot dogs. Spread the melted herb butter on the buns before serving.nFry the egg whites, one egg at a time, in a separate nonstick skillet. Transfer the egg whites to a plate once cooked and reserve.nTo serve, spread some peach preserves on the toasted and buttered bun. Sprinkle to taste with the chipotle pepper. Add 1 egg white to the bottom of each bun and add some of the ground beef down the center. Top with the butterflied hot dog, a slice of bacon and a sprinkling of Cheddar, gruyere and pepper jack., ingredients: [8 ounces ground skirt steak, 4 jumbo hot dogs, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped basil, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped sage, 4 oversized hot dog buns, toasted, 4 jumbo eggs, separated, 1 jar peach preserves, Ground chipotle chile pepper, for sprinkling, 8 strips centercut thicksliced bacon, cooked crisp, 2 ounces freshly shredded mild Cheddar, 2 ounces freshly shredded gruyere, 2 ounces freshly shredded pepper jack], title: Option Dog, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 54753: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Season the chicken with olive oil, salt and pepper. Place on a roasting pan and bake for 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. and continue to cook for 30 minutes. In a large saute pan, melt the butter. Add the ham and saute for 2 minutes. Add the onions. Saute for 1 minute. Add the garlic and mushrooms. Season with salt and pepper. Saute for 2 minutes. Add the peas and potatoes. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes. In a saucepan, combine the vinegar, wine, peppercorns, shallots, and tarragon. Bring the liquid to a boil and reduce to 1 tablespoon. Add 1 tablespoon of water. Add the egg yolks and whisk, over low heat, until frothy, about 3 to 4 minutes. In a steady stream, add the butter until the sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper. Strain the sauce through a chinois and set aside. Remove the chicken from the oven and carve into 4 pieces 2 breast and 2 legthigh. To serve, spoon the potato mixture on the bottom of each plate. Lay the individual chicken portions on top of the potatoes. Spoon the Bernaise Sauce over the chicken and serve., ingredients: [1 fryer, about 3 12 pounds, Drizzle of olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 pound Smithfield Ham, julienned, 12 cup minced onions, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 12 pound assorted Exotic mushrooms, stemmed, cleaned and sliced, 12 pound green peas, 12 pound brabant potatoes small diced blanched potatoes that are fried until golden, 3 tablespoons white vinegar, 3 tablespoons white wine, 10 peppercorns, crusted, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped tarragon, 3 egg yolks, 1 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves], title: Delmonico Chicken Clemenceau, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 54754: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Sift the flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder and salt together into a large bowl and set aside.nHeat the milk and 1 stick butter in a small saucepan over medium heat until the butter melts do not let the mixture boil. Whisk the butter mixture, eggs and creme fraiche in a small bowl, then whisk into the dry ingredients until smooth.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly before slicing.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 cup whole milk, 3 large eggs, 12 cup creme fraiche], title: Cornbread With Creme Fraiche, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 54755: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nWash raisins and set aside. In a large bowl combine the tomatoes, apples, lemon rind, lemon juice, and vinegar.nIn a separate bowl, combine the salt, sugar, flour, cinnamon and ginger and mix well.nRoll out 1 of the pie crusts to fit a pie plate and place in the plate. Set aside.nAdd dry ingredients into the wet ingredients and stir just until combined. Pour into pie shell. Dot top with butter.nAdd top crust and slit the top of pie. Bake 15 minutes, and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for another 45 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup seedless raisins, 2 cups seeded and diced green tomatoes, 2 apples peeled, cored and cut into chunks, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 13 cup sugar, 3 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 9inch double pie pastry, 1 12 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces], title: Moms Green TomatoApple Pie, picturelink: PLnHWiJXPo4XIEd0bcKYfhpw27HYSW}, 54756: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nCut butter into 12inch pieces. In a food processor, process all ingredients until mixture begins to form small lumps. Sprinkle mixture into a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan with a metal spatula, pressing evenly onto bottom. Bake shortbread in middle of oven until golden, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Shortbread Base, picturelink: null}, 54757: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium saucepan combine sugar, butter, molasses, zest, ginger, and cinnamon over medium heat. Bring to a boil and remove from heat. Whisk in flour. Add cognac and whisk until smooth.nDrop batter, 1 heaping tablespoon at a time, onto a baking sheet lined with a silpat or parchment. Prepare only 2 cookies at a time because they harden quickly once removed from the oven and are difficult to shape.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and let cool for 3 minutes. Run a thin spatula all around the perimeter of 1 snap at a time to loosen the bottom completely. Quickly place the snap, flat side up, over the bottom of a custard cup, about 3 inches in diameter and 2 12 inches deep. Let cool. If the snap becomes hard before removing from baking sheet, return briefly to the oven., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, 13 cup molasses, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 13 cup flour, 2 tablespoons cognac], title: Brandy Snap Cookies, picturelink: null}, 54758: {instructions: Place lemon curd in a pastry bag fitted with a 7 round piping tip. Pipe approximately 2 tablespoons curd into the center of each poppyseed patesucree shell. Drain the candied lemon slices from the syrup, and remove any seeds. Fit another pastry bag with a 35 star tip, and fill with sweetened whipped cream. Place 1 candied lemon slice on top of each curd, and finish with a rosette of whipped cream. Sprinkle with poppy seeds, and serve. Assemble as close to serving time as possible.nCombine yolks, lemon zest, lemon juice, and sugar in a heavy saucepan whisk together. Place over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon make sure to stir sides and bottom of saucepan. Cook until mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the saucepan from heat. Hold a fine sieve over a medium bowl, and push mixture through sieve with the back of a ladle. Add butter, 1 piece at a time, stirring with the wooden spoon to incorporate into a smooth consistency. Transfer to a medium bowl. Lay plastic wrap directly on surface to avoid forming a skin, and wrap tightly. Place in the refrigerator until firm and chilled, about 3 hours. Lemon curd may be made up to 1 day in advance. Yield: 3 13 cups Prep Time: 15 minutes Cook Time: 30 minutes Inactive Prep Time: 3 hoursnPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Place flour, sugar, and poppy seeds in food processor. Add butter process until mixture resembles coarse meal, approximately 10 seconds. With machine running, add ice water and egg yolks through the feed tube, and process until the dough holds together. Turn dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap press into a flat circle. Wrap in plastic, and chill for at least 1 hour. Coat 24 tartlet pans with cooking spray. On a lightly floured board, roll out dough to 18inch thickness. Using a round 3 12inch pastry cutter, cut out 36 circles. Press dough into molds, and place a second tartlet pan of the same size on top press the 2 together lightly. Bake 8 to 10 minutes when the pastry begins to brown around the edges, remove the top pan, and continue baking until the pastry dries out and turns golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Store in an airtight container for up to 5 days. Yield: 24 3inch shells Prep Time: 20 minutes Cook Time: 16 minutes Inactive Prep Time: 1 hour 10 minutesnUsing a mandoline, cut lemons into thin slices. Place sugar and water in a heavy saucepan. Place over mediumhigh heat bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve sugar. Add lemon slices to sugar water bring to a second boil. Remove from heat, and let cool to room temperature. Store refrigerated in a covered plastic container for up to 1 week. Yield: 3 dozennPlace cream, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer, and beat on medium speed until soft peaks form, about 4 minutes. Prepare as close to serving time as possible. Yield: 1 13 cups, ingredients: [Lemon Curd, recipe follows, PoppySeed Pate Sucree, recipe follows, Candied Lemon Slices, recipe follows, Sweetened Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 12 large egg yolks, 2 lemons, zested, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 6 lemons, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons poppy seeds, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 4 tablespoons ice water, 2 large egg yolks, lightly beaten, Vegetableoil cooking spray, 3 lemons, 4 cups sugar, 4 cups water, 23 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Poppy Seed Tartlets with Lemon Curd and Candied Lemon Slices, picturelink: null}, 54759: {instructions: In a medium sauce pan combine the wine, water and sugar. Bring mixture to a simmer and stir until sugar dissolves. Stir in orange rind, cinnamon stick and clove. Peel the pears leaving the stems on and arrange them in poaching liquid. Reduce heat to medium so that liquid is simmering. Occasionally rotate the pears. Pears are done when they are soft to the core when stuck with a knife. Remove pears to a bowl with a slotted spoon. Return liquid to a boil and cook until syrupy. Serve each pear with the reduced poaching liquid as a sauce and garnish with toasted almonds, ingredients: [4 ripe pears, I cup dry red wine, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 1 strip of orange rind, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 clove, 3 tablespoon sliced toasted almonds], title: Red Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 54760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, or food processor combine ginger, vinegar, soy sauce, lime juice, oil, and peanut butter. In a large bowl, combine all other ingredients and then toss with dressing. You can save some of the dressing to dress noodles that can be added to this dish along with stir fried pork to make an entire meal., ingredients: [1 3inch piece ginger, grated fine, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 cup peanut butter, 1 head Napa cabbage, sliced thin, 1 red bell pepper, julienne fine, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienne fine, 2 serrano chiles, minced fine, 1 large carrot, grated fine with a peeler, 3 green onions, cut on the bias, all of white part and half of the green, 2 tablespoons chiffonade cilantro, 2 tablespoons chiffonade mint, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Asian Slaw, picturelink: tuR4diAZ43NQLyDO9pIEtGv2huWVq}, 54761: {instructions: Boil red potatoes to 90 percent cooked and cool in the refrigerator until cold. When potatoes are cold, cut into medium sized chunks and saute in 1 tablespoon of margarine and 1 tablespoon of butter. When the potatoes are almost finished sauteing, begin to cook the bacon crisply and cut into small pieces. Set aside. Just before the potatoes are browned, sprinkle garlic, onions, salt and pepper onto the potatoes. Drain off excess oil. Set aside. Saute mushrooms. Set aside. Whip 3 eggs together. Grease a 10inch omelet pan with margarine over a medium heat. Have all other ingredients ready to assemble quickly after the eggs are cooked. Put the eggs in a pan and cook slowly over a medium heat. With a spatula, push the eggs to the center of the pan. Remember that this is an open omelet so do not fold over. As the eggs begin to seal on the bottom, keep folding the loose eggs under the cooked portion. When almost all the loose egg is cooked, clip the eggs over. Lay the cooked eggs flat on a plate. Spread sour cream, and then place potatoes on the eggs, followed with mushrooms, tomatoes and bacon. Top with feta cheese., ingredients: [2 small red potatoes, 1 tablespoon margarine, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 slices bacon, Sprinkle granulated garlic, 14 cup yellow onion, diced, Salt and pepper, 12 cup portobello mushrooms, diced, 3 eggs, 2 to3 tablespoons sour cream, 12 cup tomatoes, diced, 2 to 3 tablespoons feta cheese crumbles], title: San Diegan Omelette, picturelink: CDaRVXY7.ZUMYtJTwSaAkmz52.QamBW}, 54762: {instructions: Soak 12 cup stale bread cubes in 12 cup milk mix with 8 beaten eggs. Add 34 cup ricotta, 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, and salt and pepper. Saute 1 cup shredded zucchini in an ovenproof nonstick skillet with oil. Add the egg mixture cook until the bottom sets, then bake at 325 degrees F, 25 minutes.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: Spring Frittata, picturelink: tGRPAKge3Ui6c5vzf8iVQwDyaXbZHky}, 54763: {instructions: Combine the butter, shortening, 2 cups of the cake flour, and 1 cup of the allpurpose flour. Blend together. Stop mixer, scrape the sides and add remaining 2 cups of cake flour and remaining 1 cup of all purpose flour. Blend to combine completely. Mix sugar and salt into 14 cup of the water and add it to the flour mixture. Blend briefly and add the remaining water if needed. The dough should not be overworked and should make a solid piece when held in your hand. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured smooth surface and knead it several times. Divide the dough into portions and flatten it. Wrap unused dough in plastic. Roll out the dough to fit a 9inch pie pan.nPreheat oven to 475 degrees F. Prick bottom and sides of pastry with fork. Bake 12 minutes or until light brown. Cool on wire rack., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup solid vegetable shortening, 4 cups cake flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 to 12 cup cold water], title: Pie Crust, picturelink: null}, 54764: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnIn a saucepan over high heat, reduce the veal or poultry stock down by half, or until it obtains sauce consistency.nClean the foie gras and remove the veins. Cut the lobes into 2ounce medallions and score the surface of the foie gras in an xpattern. Season the medallions with salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over high heat. When pan is very hot, add foie gras and sear on both sides until medium rare.nSlice the pineapple into 18inch thick slices. Remove the core and sprinkle the pineapple with sugar. Saute the pineapple in a skillet with a minimal amount of oil until the pineapple is golden brown.nTo serve, place the pineapple ring in the middle of the plate. Next, place a wedge of waffle on the pineapple ring then the foie gras on top of that. Finish off with a scoop of the ice cream and chervil plush. Drizzle a little of the veal reduction around the plate and serve immediately.nSift together all the dry ingredients into a large mixing bowl. Slowly whisk in the yolks, 1 at a time. Next, add the milk, followed by the melted butter.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Fold them into the batter. Finally, fold in the chopped rosemary.nMake waffles in a waffle iron according to the manufacturers instructions.nPour the chilled Creme Anglaise into an ice cream maker and churn until thick but still just soft. At this point, add the heavy cream, Armagnac, prunes, and syrup. Continue to churn until thick, and then transfer to a container with a tightfitting lid. Freeze until ready to use.nSplit the vanilla bean in half lengthwise and scrape the seeds into a heavy saucepan. Add milk to pan, and bring to a gentle boil. In a mixing bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar together until thick. Pour the milk over, whisking continuously. Return to the pan and cook over gentle heat, stirring with a wooden spoon until the custard thickens enough to coat the back of a spoon. Strain through a finemesh conical sieve. Serve hot or cold.nBoil 6 cups of water in a saucepan. Remove from the heat and add the tea bags. Let infuse for 2 minutes, and then add the prunes. Cover the pan and let stand at room temperature overnight.nIn a small saucepan, bring the sugar and 12 cup water to a boil. Set syrup aside to cool and then refrigerate.nThe following day, strain the prunes and put them in a large glass jar. Pour the Armagnac over. Add the cold syrup. Let macerate for 1 month in a cool place., ingredients: [1 quart veal or poultry stock, 1 pound grade A foie gras, Salt and pepper, 1 golden pineapple, 1 ounce white sugar, Vegetable oil, 6 wedges Rosemary Waffles, recipe follows, 6 1ounce scoops Prune and Armagnac Ice Cream, recipe follows, 6 chervil plushes, 12 pound allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 ounce sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 4 egg yolks, 12 ounces 1 12 cups milk, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, melted, 4 egg whites, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 18 ounces Vanilla Creme Anglaise, chilled, recipe follows, 4 ounces 12 cup heavy cream, 2 ounces 14 cup Armagnac, 6 Prunes in Armagnac, diced, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons syrup from the Prunes in Armagnac, 1 vanilla bean, 8 ounces 1 cup milk, 4 egg yolks, 2 ounces sugar, 6 cups water, plus 12 cup, 4 tea bags, 2 pounds prunes, 12 ounces sugar, 18 ounces 2 14 cups Armagnac], title: Seared Foie Gras and Savory Rosemary Waffle with PruneArmagnac Ice Cream, Caramelized Pineapple, And Veal Reduction, picturelink: null}, 54765: {instructions: Melt the shortening and butter together in a medium saucepan. Let cool.nSift the flour, sugar, spices, and salt into the bowl of a standing mixer.nMix the butter mixture into the flour mixture with the paddle attachment until sandy. Add the corn syrup and vanilla and mix until evenly incorporated, but still crumbly in texture. Press the dough together by hand and divide into 4 equal portions. Press into disks about 12inch thick. wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nDust the dough and a work surface with flour. Roll the dough about 14inch thick. Cut into desired shapes. Transfer to a parchment lined baking sheet. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPosition racks evenly in the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nBake until a rich tawny brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Cool on a rack.nCombine all the ingredients, except the food coloring, in the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix slowly until stiff enough to form peaks. The icing should be pure white and thick, but not fluffy and bubbly. If the frosting is overbeaten, it will get aerated which makes it harder to work with. If this happens, let the icing sit to settle, then use a rubber spatula to vigorously beat and smooth it out.nAlternatively, combine ingredients in a large bowl, and beat with hand beaters on low speed until the frosting thickens to stiff peaks.nAdd up to 1 tablespoon food coloring and mix with a rubber spatula until the color is uniform. Adding too much color reduces the sheen of the frosting and can break down the consistency of the frosting over a couple of days. Store icing, covered, with plastic film on the surface of the icing., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup unsalted butter 2 sticks, 7 cups bread flour, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons ground ginger, 5 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons fine salt, 1 12 cups dark corn syrup, 4 teaspoons vanilla extract, Royal Icing, recipe to follow, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons meringue powder egg white powder, 34 cup water 2 pounds confectioners sugar about 7 12 to 8 cups or 2 boxes, Food coloring, as desired], title: Ginger Train Base, picturelink: null}, 54766: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice truffles in half and set aside.nPlace fillo shells on a baking sheet. Place half a truffle in each fillo shell with the cutside down.nBake in the oven until truffles are hot and have softened, about 8 minutes.nImmediately press a raspberry into the gooey chocolate center of each shell.nAllow to cool slightly. Enjoy, ingredients: [8 lowcalorie chocolate truffles recommended: any flavor Gayles Miracles Perfect Chocolate Truffles, 1 15piece box frozen mini fillo shells recommended: Athens, 15 fresh raspberries], title: Fudgy Truffle Bites, picturelink: lKCl3M2q5sMnGAoMU18016KCCtMUim}, 54767: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a 4quart saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring until softened, about 1 minute. Add the pasta, 1 teaspoon salt and 3 cups water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally so the pasta doesnt clump together, 4 minutes. Stir in the asparagus and broccoli and cook, stirring, until bright green and almost crisptender, about 3 minutes. Add the peas and cook 2 minutes longer, stirring. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the cream cheese, cream, basil, lemon zest and 1 12 teaspoons salt until the cream cheese is completely melted. Divide among 4 bowls. Serve with additional basil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 8 ounces farfalle pasta bowtie see Cooks Note, Kosher salt, 13 bunch asparagus about 6 ounces, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 7 ounces small broccoli florets from 1 medium head about 3 12 cups, 23 cup frozen peas, thawed, 3 ounces cream cheese, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, plus additional for serving, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: OnePot Farfalle Primavera, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 54768: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter 2 mini muffin tins, or use 1 tin and bake in 2 batches. In a small saucepan, melt the butter over low heat. Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the oats, coconut, walnuts, and flour and mix. Stir the honey into the melted butter and bring to a boil, stirring often. Add chocolate chips and pour the butter mixture over the dry ingredients and mix well. Press 1 heaping tablespoon of the mixture into each mini muffin cup. Bake until just beginning to brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and immediately press a walnut half on top of each honey bunch. Let cool 10 minutes in the pan, then transfer to a wire rack and cool completely. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 1 12 cups quick cooking rolled oats, 12 cup flaked sweetened coconut, 14 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 14 cup chocolate chips, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 23 cup honey, 24 walnut halves], title: Honey Bunches, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 54769: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heavily grease and dust with cocoa four 9inch round cake pans.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar and salt.nIn a saucepan, melt the butter. Add the cocoa. Stir together. Add the boiling water, allow the mixture to boil for 30 seconds and then turn off the heat. Pour over the flour mixture and stir lightly to cool.nCombine the buttermilk, baking soda, vanilla and beaten eggs. Stir the buttermilk mixture into the butterchocolate mixture.nDivide the batter among the prepared cake pans and bake for 20 minutes.nCool completely before icing. Refrigerate the layers after cooling for best results.nFor the frosting: Heat the cream until very hot, and then pour over the chocolate pieces. Stir to completely melt, and then pour into the bowl of an electric mixer. Refrigerate to cool.nOnce completely cooled, add the vanilla and beat with an electric mixer until light and airy.nFrost the cake in between each layer, on the top and around the sides., ingredients: [4 sticks butter, plus more for greasing, 8 heaping tablespoons cocoa, plus more for dusting, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups boiling water, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 whole eggs, beaten, 3 cups heavy cream, 24 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into pieces, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Big Chocolate Birthday Cake, picturelink: H33GNKe4K.fB5vt3X.zSzVkkGSt66ue}, 54770: {instructions: Puree all the seasonings and add the blood from the pig. Scrape off all the hair. Rub the flesh with the Jerk spices and roast the pigboar over a pit., ingredients: [Whole jerk boarsuckling pig, 12 Scotch bonnet pepper, cored, deseeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped ginger root, 12 teaspoon each nutmeg and cinnamon, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 spring onions, chopped, 2 teaspoons ground pimento, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Jerked Whole BoarPig, picturelink: null}, 54771: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush a 12 by 18inch baking tray with olive oil. Set aside.nUsing the mixer bowl, combine the yeast, 4 ounces of water and honey. Stir together until yeast dissolves into the water. Add 2 ounces of flour and mix to make a sponge. Let rise until double.nGradually add the remaining flour, water, olive oil, and salt. Using the dough hook attachment, mix over medium speed to make a soft dough. Beat for 3 minutes. Turn off machine, scrape sides of bowl and allow dough to relax for 10 minutes.nTurn on mixer and continue to mix the dough for another 5 minutes at medium speed. The dough will become velvety and elastic. Transfer dough onto prepared baking tray.nStretch the dough to fill the tray. Cover with plastic wrap and allow to rise at room temperature for 20 minutes.nUncover the dough and stretch to cover the entire baking tray. Brush with olive oil and dimple with fingertips. Sprinkle with kosher salt, pepper, and thyme. Proof for 15 minutes. Bake for 10 minutes, turn around and bake another 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, for topping, Fresh ground black pepper, for topping, Fresh thyme leaves, minced, for topping, 12ounce dry yeast, 14 ounces water, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 12 pounds bread flour, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sea salt, Extra virgin olive oil, for brushing], title: Focaccia, picturelink: null}, 54772: {instructions: Bring the chicken broth, ginger and scallions to a boil in a saucepan. Cover, reduce the heat to medium low and simmer 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain into a large bowl discard the ginger and scallions. Return the broth to the saucepan and stir in the mirin. Meanwhile, toss the chicken, sesame oil, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon white pepper in a bowl. Refrigerate until ready to use. Dissolve the remaining 3 tablespoons cornstarch in 14 cup water. Return the broth to a simmer over medium heat. Add the cornstarch mixture and cook, stirring, until glossy and slightly thickened, about 4 minutes. Add the chicken and simmer until cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Drizzle the eggs into the soup a little at a time, creating thin sheets of cooked egg. Gently stir in the watercress. Divide the soup among bowls.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 1inch piece ginger, thinly sliced, 4 scallions, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons mirin sweet rice wine or dry sherry, 12 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 4 tablespoons cornstarch, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 large eggs, well beaten, 1 small bunch watercress, tough stems removed], title: Chicken EggDrop Soup, picturelink: KWag3UIDlgxkiRq3MTRBTefnjj2Zgf2}, 54773: {instructions: For the compound butter: In a bowl, combine the softened butter with the sundried tomatoes, sage, parsley, Cajun spice, and salt. Whisk together until well blended. Transfer the mixture to a piece of parchment paper and roll into a cigar shape about 1 12 inches thick. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the pork: Slice the loin into 34inch thick slices, and then one by one, cover with plastic wrap and pound with a meat mallet until each slice is flat and even about a 14inch thick.nSeason the flour with salt and pepper, and then dredge the pork in the seasoned flour.nHeat the oil in a heavy bottom saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Season the pork with salt and pepper. Once the oil has heated, add the floured pork to the pan and allow to cook until browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Reduce the heat, flip, add some thyme and parsley, and repeat the process on the second side until finished cooking, 2 to 3 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the pan and keep warm. Repeat the process until all the pork is cooked.nFor the asparagus: Bring a pot of water to a boil and add salt. Trim the woody bottoms of the asparagus and peel the stalks. Blanch in the boiling water until bright green, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the water and season with salt and pepper.nPlace asparagus in the center of a serving plate, arrange the pieces of cooked pork on top, and top with a 14inch disk of sundried tomato butter. Garnish with parsley. Store the remaining butter wrapped in plastic in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons drained and finely chopped oilpacked sundried tomatoes, 1 teaspoon minced fresh sage, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, Pinch Cajun spice, Pinch salt, 1 2pound boneless pork loin, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and pepper, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch asparagus, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Herbed Pork Paillards with Sundried Tomato Butter and Asparagus, picturelink: bEESpBQdxec8Rfo5dnAQc9bLXfps40.}, 54774: {instructions: Cut the avocados in half and remove the pit. Scoop the flesh into a large bowl and mash. Add lime juice so the avocados do not turn brown. Add the cilantro, cayenne, red onion, chile and tomato. Gently fold the ingredients together until well mixed. Place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, or until ready to serve. Omit the cayenne and chile for a less spicy version., ingredients: [3 large ripe avocados, Juice of 1 lime, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup minced red onion, 12 serrano chile, minced, 1 cup diced tomato], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 54775: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl toss the arugula with 1 tablespoon each of the olive oil and red wine vinegar. Season with salt. Divide the arugula between 2 serving plates.nToss the tomatoes with the remaining olive oil, vinegar, oregano, and salt. Arrange the tomatoes on the serving plates.nSpread 1 ounce of goat cheese onto each slice of grilled bread. Serve 2 slices of grilled bread with goat cheese with each plate.nHoly tomatonAugust  Why We Love: Heirloom Tomatoes, ingredients: [1 cup baby arugula, washed, 14 cup highquality extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, 5 to 6 assorted heirloom tomatoes, cut into wedges and various other shapes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 4 ounces goat cheese, room temperature, 4 slices grilled baguette], title: Heirloom Tomato Salad, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 54776: {instructions: Sprinkle a generous amount of salt onto the lamb. Melt the butter in a pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook the lamb evenly, 2 to 3 minutes per side. The outside should be golden brown, and the inside still pink. Save the leftover juice in the pan.nBring the chicken stock to a simmer in a large pot over medium heat, then add the bark and thyme. The bark should be placed on top of the thyme so that it is above the liquid. Now place the lamb on top of the bark so it will be steamed and not submerged in the stock. Cover the pot and let the lamb steam, about 3 minutes. Add the thyme flowers and bears garlic. Cover and steam again, about 10 minutes, and then let it rest for 2 to 3 minutes. Slice the lamb evenly along each rib to make lamb chops. Place the ribs on plates with dollops of Bears Garlic Pesto and pour a little bit of the leftover juice over the lamb. Garnish with primrose flowers.nBring a small pot of water to a boil and add a pinch sea salt. Prepare a separate bowl of ice water and set aside. Blanch half the garlic in the boiling water for about 5 seconds, and then dip it in ice water for about 2 seconds. Squeeze the excess liquid from the leaves with your hands and place in a food processor with the remaining fresh garlic. Drizzle a generous amount of olive oil into the food processor with a pinch of salt. Process on high speed until coarsely ground, 5 to 10 seconds. Transfer the mixture to a sieve and press the liquid through into a bowl using a ladle., ingredients: [1 rack baby lamb ribs, 1 bunch fresh thyme flowers, Sea salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 1 small piece pine tree bark, presoaked in water, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh bears garlic, Bears Garlic Pesto, for serving, recipe follows, Primrose flowers, for serving, Sea salt, Ice water, for chilling, 1 bunch bears garlic, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Herb Steamed Lamb, picturelink: null}, 54777: {instructions: For the brine: Combine water, beer, brown sugar, salt, and lemon juice in large mixing bowl. Stir until salt and sugar dissolve. Pour mixture into plastic bag. Add chicken and seal bag, remove as much air as possible. Refrigerate overnight, turning occasionally.nFor the beer: Pour out 14 of beer. Add 1 tablespoon of lemon pepper to each beer.nFor the chicken: Preheat barbecue grill to 375 degrees F.nRemove chickens from refrigerator and from brine and pat dry with a paper towel. Place beer cans on a sheet pan. Take 1 chicken, neck end up, and place the chicken onto the top of the beer can. Repeat with other chicken. Take the sheet pan with chickens and place it on the grill. Cover and grill for 1 hour. Remove from grill, cool for 15 minutes, carve, and serve., ingredients: [2 cups water, 1 12ounce bottle light bodied beer, 12 cup brown sugar, packed, 3 tablespoons coarse sea salt, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 2 12gallon plastic resealable bag, 2 whole chickens, 2 12ounce cans favorite beer, 2 tablespoons lemon pepper], title: Beer Can Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54778: {instructions: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F. Arrange the bread on baking sheets in a single layer. Toast in the oven until evenly golden, 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a skillet with tight fitting lid over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the anchovies and stir to melt into the oil. When they are broken up and melted, stir in the garlic, red pepper flakes, tomatoes, capers and olives and cover the pan. Cook 7 to 8 minutes more to burst the tomatoes, then uncover. Mash any stray tomatoes with a potato masher or wooden spoon and fold in the parsley. Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl and serve with the toasts., ingredients: [1 loaf crusty bread, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 to 8 large Italian anchovy fillets, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 pints grape tomatoes, 4 tablespoons capers, drained, 14 cup chopped pitted oil cured olives, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Chunky Puttanesca Crostini, picturelink: null}, 54779: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil set a rack over the baking sheet.nLay the bacon out on the rack. Transfer to the oven and bake until cooked but not crispy, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the bacon cool for about 5 minutes before cutting into 12inch pieces.nLower the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the rack from the baking sheet replace the aluminum with parchment paper.nCut a lengthwise slit in the dates, just long enough to remove the pits. Carefully remove the pits. Fill each date with a scant teaspoon of the goat cheese. Carefully insert a piece of bacon into the cheese in each date. Bake the stuffed dates for about 15 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 slices applewoodsmoked bacon, 16 Medjool dates, 3 ounces fresh goat cheese], title: Roasted Dates with Smoked Bacon and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 54780: {instructions: Process or blend the avocado, sour cream, Parmesan, lime juice, 1 tablespoon water, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor or blender until smooth and creamy. Serve right away., ingredients: [1 firmripe avocado, halved, pitted and cut into large chunks, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Juice of 1 lime, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt], title: Creamy Avocado Dip, picturelink: MnEjL50kzz2HQGunqTvFUjvd3kGANi}, 54781: {instructions: Set aside 2 tablespoons of the butter in the refrigerator. Heat the remaining butter in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion, leeks, and garlic and cook, covered, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 12 minutes. Raise the heat to high, pour in the vermouth, and cook, uncovered, until almost dry, about 4 minutes.nAdd the potatoes, water, and salt. Tie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf together with a piece of kitchen twine and add to the soup. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer, with the cover slightly ajar, until the potatoes are very tender, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nWhen the potato mixture has cooled, remove and discard the herb bundle. Working in batches, transfer the mixture to a blender and puree until smooth, or puree with an immersion blender. Return the puree to the pot and reheat over medium heat.nWhisk in the reserved 2 tablespoons butter, heavy cream, and lemon juice into the soup and season with pepper, to taste. Divide among warm soup bowls, garnish with the chives, and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 3 leeks white part only, thinly sliced and well rinsed, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup dry white vermouth, 1 14 pounds waxystyle potatoes about 8, peeled and quartered, 7 cups water, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 sprigs fresh parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives], title: Potato and Leek Soup, picturelink: null}, 54782: {instructions: Stir together the wine, soda water and liqueur in a 3quart pitcher. Add the mint, apples, kiwis and melon, and cover the pitcher with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the sangria to chill, at least 4 hours up to overnight.nTo serve, fill 8 to 10 glasses halfway with ice, then pour the sangria and fruit into each glass., ingredients: [One 750milliliter bottle sparkling white wine, 1 12 cups soda water, 1 cup melon liqueur, such as Midori, 1 cup loosely packed fresh mint leaves, large leaves torn into 12inch pieces, 2 small green apples, such as Granny Smith, cored and cut into 12inch pieces about 3 cups, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into 14inchthick slices about 12 cup, 14 honeydew melon, seeds removed, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces about 2 cups], title: Green MelonMint Sangria, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 54783: {instructions: In a large bowl combine flour, bread crumbs, spices and sugar. Add suet, kneading with your fingers until crumbly. Blend in fruits, plum preserve and marmalade. Add brandy and blend well. Let sit at least 8 hours, preferably overnight.nLightly butter 16 13cup capacity ramekins and dust lightly with sugar. Separate eggs and beat each part until frothy. Blend in yolks, then gently fold in whites. Fill ramekins with mixture almost to top. Wrap each ramekin tightly with aluminum foil.nFill a large vessel with a tightlyfitting cover such as a dutch oven with enough boiling water to reach halfway up sides of ramekins and regulate heat to simmering. Place ramekins in water, cover tightly, and steam 3 hours. To serve, unmold ramekins onto small dessert plates., ingredients: [34 cup sifted flour, 1 14 cups fresh bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 14 teaspoon each allspice and clove, 2 12 tablespoons sugar, plus extra for dusting ramekins, 10 tablespoons beef suet, 1 McIntosh apple, 14 cup each diced dried apricots, dates, figs, 14 cup dried raisins, 6 ounces plum preserve, 2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 6 tablespoons plum brandy such as Slivovitz, 3 eggs], title: Plum Plum Pudding, picturelink: null}, 54784: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: six heatsafe 5ounce coffee mugs or ovensafe ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the coconut milk, cream and coconut extract in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil. Once at a boil, remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, whisk together the eggs and 5 tablespoons sugar in a bowl until combined.nSlowly whisk the heated cream mixture into the eggs, stirring constantly.nDivide the mixture among six heatsafe 5ounce coffee mugs or ovensafe ramekins, filling them about 34 of the way up. Put them in a baking dish and add enough warm water to the baking dish so that it comes halfway up the sides of the coffee mugs.nBake until the center is nearly set. Baking time will depend on the height of your coffee mug or ramekin. Bake time is 10 minutes for every 12 inch of height. For a 1inch vessel, bake the creme brulees about 20 minutes. For a 2inch vessel, bake the creme brulees about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to completely cool in the water bath, then refrigerate 15 to 20 minutes before serving.nBefore serving, sprinkle the tops with a heavy layer of sugar and brulee using a hand torch or heating under the broiler for 2 to 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon imitation coconut extract, 4 large eggs, 8 to 9 tablespoons sugar], title: Coconut Creme Brulee, picturelink: ieBw4EN8sWZ5cdC655oNPm7bDiYlO6y}, 54785: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the macarons: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nIn a food processor, blend the almonds until finely ground.nIn a large bowl, using a hand mixer on high speed, beat the egg whites until they form soft peaks, about 1 minute. Gradually add the granulated sugar, beating constantly, until the mixture holds stiff peaks, about 2 minutes. Beat in the almond extract, orange zest and food coloring, 1 drop at a time, if using. Using a spatula, fold in the ground almonds and powdered sugar until combined. Using a small cookie scoop, scoop eight to twelve 2inchdiameter circles of batter onto each baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes until slightly puffed. Cool completely on the baking sheets, about 30 minutes.nFor the filling: Place the chocolate and cream in a medium bowl. Place the bowl over a pan of barely simmering water. Stir until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth, about 2 minutes. Refrigerate until thick enough to spread, about 25 minutes.nTo assemble: Spoon the filling onto the flat side of half of the cookies. Place the lollipop sticks in the middle of the filling and gently press the remaining cookies on top. Allow the filling to set at room temperature, about 1 hour., ingredients: [1 cup blanched slivered almonds, 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, Zest of 1 medium orange, Orange food coloring, as needed, optional, 1 cup powdered sugar, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, such as Ghirardelli, 14 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, Special equipment: 12 wooden popsicle sticks], title: Macaron Lollipops, picturelink: z1ss43jSpc26F193e5SNWypCfEjoc0m}, 54786: {instructions: Pick over the crabmeat to remove any shells. Be gentle, as the lumps of crab are delicate and will fall apart. Set aside. Mix together the mayonnaise, seafood seasoning, scallions, basil, eggs, and salt and pepper. Pour mixture over the crabmeat and with your hands gently mix together. Sprinkle the bread crumbs over the crab mixture and continue to mix. Divide the mixture into 4 parts and mold the cakes with your hands do not rinse off you hands between mixing and forming the cakes, as it is mixture on your hands that help the cakes stay together.nRefrigerate the cakes for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPaint the crab cakes with a minuscule amount of oil and sear in a hot ovensafe skillet or on a griddle top until lightly golden brown on both sides. The cakes have such little binder that you need to be careful when flipping them over so that they dont fall apart. Place the pan in the oven for about 5 minutes, or to heat through.nServe with a red Cocktail Sauce andor a flavored aioli.nMix all ingredients together in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 pounds jumbo lump blue crabmeat, 12 cup mayonnaise or homemade aioli, 4 teaspoons seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 6 scallions, finely chopped, about 34 of the green part, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 large eggs, Salt and pepper, 3 to 6 tablespoons fine bread crumbs use just enough to help the cakes start to bind, Canolaolive oil blend, Cocktail Sauce, recipe follows, for serving, Flavored aioli, for serving, optional, 1 quart ketchup, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons pepper, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Pinch cayenne, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Jumbo Lump Blue Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 54787: {instructions: Prepare a hot, clean, oiled grill. In a saucepan, heat the oil on medium heat. Add the garlic and ginger and fry briefly. Add the herbs and zest. Pull off of the heat. Dissolve sugar with lemon juice and mix in mustard. Whisk in with herb mix. Season the steaks and tomatoes and grill on both sides, about 8 to 10 minutes, tomatoes will take about 5 minutes. Slather the steak and tomatoes with the herb mixture frequently. Let steaks rest 5 minutes before serving.nPrepare a fryer on mediumhigh heat. Drain potatoes well and pat dry. Blanch the potatoes in the oil until lightly colored. Set aside, unseasoned, on paper towels. Mix all the spices and salt together. Raise the oil temperature to high and fry the potatoes again until golden, brown and delicious. Season with salt immediately.nNote: There will be leftover seasoned salt. Store in airtight container and use it on any grilled items.nPLATING On large plates, lay a bed of salad. Place a mound of fries and lean steak against it. Garnish with tomato half and mintbasil sprigs., ingredients: [4 ribeye steaks, 10 to 12 ounces, prefer thick, 2 large ripe tomatoes, decored, sliced in half, 1 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 bunch mint, picked, chopped save 4 sprigs for garnish, 1 bunch Thai basil or regular, picked, chopped save 4 sprigs for garnish, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, minced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 12 pound mesclun, Canola oil, for frying, 4 large Idaho potatoes, skin on, cut into wedges 12inch sides, soaking in ice water, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground fennel, 12 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 tablespoon Szechwan peppercorns, 12 tablespoon chile powder ancho, 12 tablespoon star anise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Grilled Rib Eye Steaks and Tomatoes with MintThai Basil Slather and 8 Spiced Home Fries, picturelink: null}, 54788: {instructions: Put the lentils and turmeric in a deep pot. Add 3 cups of water and bring to a boil. Cook lentils, gently simmering, partially covered, until cooked but still hold their shape, about 30 minutes. Stir a few times during cooking to ensure the lentils are not sticking to the pan and burning. Add more water if necessary. Add squash, tomatoes, onions and curry powder and mix well. Cook for 10 minutes or until the vegetables and lentils are tender. Stir in the nuts and salt cover and set aside. Heat the ghee or oil in a small frying pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add cumin and cook until the spice turns several shades darker. Add asafetida and crushed pepper. Let spices sizzle for a minute then put the entire contents of the pan over the lentilvegetable mixture. Add coriander and stir just a few times to mix lightly. Garnish with lemon wedges and serve with deep fried balloon bread.nHeat stick of butter in a small saucepan over lowheat until fully melted, 5 minutes. Increase heat and cook the butter until all its moisture evaporates and the milk solids turn brown, and the clear fat will turn golden amber, about 5 minutes. Strain the clear fat usli ghee into a jar., ingredients: [1 cup yellow lentils or yellow split peas, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 3 cups bottleneck squash, or 3 medium zucchini, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups chopped tomatoes, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 12 cup roasted peanuts or cashew nuts, Coarse salt, 2 tablespoons usli ghee recipe follows or light vegetable oil, 1 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoons asafetida or minced garlic, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup coriander leaves, Lemon slices, 1 stick butter], title: Lentil and Vegetable Ragout Korma, picturelink: null}, 54789: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a nonstick 10inch saute pan with olive oil. Add the sausage and brown. Add the peppers and saute until they are soft.nIn a bowl, add the Parmigiano to the beaten eggs and season lightly with salt. Using a heatproof rubber spatula, stir the eggs into the pan with the sausage and peppers. Stir the eggs to evenly distribute the sausage and peppers throughout the eggs. Once the eggs set on the bottom and around the sides of the pan, place the pan in the preheated oven for 7 to 8 minutes or until the eggs are cooked through. Remove from the pan. Cut into wedges and serve hot or a room temperature., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 3 links hot Italian sausage, removed from the casing and crumbled, 1 red bell pepper, 14inch dice, 1 yellow bell pepper, 14inch dice, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 12 eggs, beaten with 14 cup water, Salt], title: Sausage and Pepper Frittata, picturelink: LZntmATr.GWFbDMFsQLYoBCUGh5ieK}, 54790: {instructions: Bring 5 to 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons salt and the spaghetti and cook until it still offers considerable resistance to the tooth, about three quarters of the cooking time.nWhile the pasta is cooking, saute the garlic cloves and hot pepper in the oil over moderate heat in a large nonstick skillet. When the garlic barely begins to color add the cherry tomatoes and season lightly with the sea salt. Cook over high heat until the tomatoes lose their shape.nDrain the spaghetti and add it to the skillet along with 1 cup of pasta cooking water. Cook over high heat, stirring frequently, to amalgamate the tomatoes and pasta and to complete cooking. Add more pasta water if the sauce gets too dry.nSprinkle with chopped basil before serving., ingredients: [5 to 6 quarts water, 2 to 3 tablespoons salt plus fine sea salt, 14 to 16 ounces spaghetti, 2 garlic cloves, 1 small hot red pepper or chili pepper flakes to taste, 3 tablespoons extra virgin oil, 1 pound cherry tomatoes, 3 to 4 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh basil], title: Sciue Sciue Titinas Move It Pasta, picturelink: null}, 54791: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together 8 cups water with 14 cup of the salt. Place the sliced potatoes into the waterandsalt solution and let soak for at least 20 minutes. After they have soaked, dry thoroughly on a paper towels or dish towels.nnHeat the oil a large Dutch oven to 350 degrees F.nnIn a spice grinder, combine the buttermilk powder, onion powder, garlic powder, sugar, dill and the remaining 1 teaspoon salt. Grind into a homogeneous powder.nnIn handfulsize batches, fry the potatoes until they just turn golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Toss immediately in a large bowl with some of the spice mixture. Then place them on a baking sheet and sprinkle them again with some of the spice mixture.nnHold them in semiairtight container for a few days, if you can stand it that long., ingredients: [14 cupplus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 poundsrusset potatoes, scrubbed, washed and thinly cut on a mandoline about 110thof an inch, 8 cupspeanut oil, 3tablespoons buttermilk powder, 2tablespoons onion powder, 1tablespoon garlic powder, 12teaspoon sugar, 3tablespoons minced fresh dill, ], title: Homemade Sour Cream and Onion Chips, picturelink: h0seimK83Ci0W68yJYXPilTUagRlTi}, 54792: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3by1inch biscuit cutter or a 3inch donut cutternPut the apple cider and brown sugar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat to medium and cook until reduced to 13 cup, about 25 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until completely cool, about 15 minutes.nStir together the flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons cinnamon and the nutmeg in a medium bowl.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the butter and 1 cup of the sugar on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Lower the speed to medium and beat in the eggs, one at a time. Add the buttermilk, vanilla extract and the cooled apple syrup, and mix until combined. Lower the speed again and add the flour mixture mix until just combined the dough will be quite soft.nLine 2 baking sheets with parchment, and sprinkle with a little flour. Turn the dough out onto one of the baking sheets gently pat out to an even 34inch thickness and sprinkle the top with flour. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nWith a lightly floured 3inch donut cutter, cut out about 18 doughnuts with holes. Transfer the donuts to the second baking sheet, and refrigerate for about 30 minutes. It is important that the dough is firm and cool before frying.nLine a large plate or another baking sheet with several layers of paper towels set aside. Put the confectioners sugar in a medium bowl or baking dish. In another bowl or baking dish, mix together the remaining 1 12 cups sugar and 2 tablespoons cinnamon set aside.nHeat 3 inches of canola oil in a Dutch oven until it reaches 360 degrees F. In batches of 3 or 4, fry the donuts until browned on one side, about 2 minutes flip, and cook until browned on the other side, 1 to 2 minutes longer. With a slotted spoon, transfer the donuts to the paper towels, just to blot the excess oil then, immediately drop the donuts in either the cinnamon sugar or the confectioners sugar, turning to coat. Transfer the finished donuts to a serving plate. When all the donuts are cooked and sugared, repeat with the donut holes. If the raw donuts get soft while you are frying, pop them in the freezer until you are ready to cook them. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups apple cider, 1 tablespoon light or dark brown sugar, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour spooned into the measuring cup and leveled, plus for dusting, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 12 cups pure cane sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups confectioners sugar, Canola oil, for frying], title: Apple Cider Donuts, picturelink: PiFCqyGfYc8vVsV48G9g.tZVuBQuO}, 54793: {instructions: Melt 4 tablespoons butter in large pot over medium heat. Add green onions and shallot and cook 3 minutes. Add 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro and next 6 ingredients. Increase heat to high bring mixture to boil. Add clams and cover pot. Cook until clams open, shaking pot often, about 7 minutes. Using slotted spoon, transfer clams to 6 soup bowls discard any clams that do not open. Boil remaining liquid over high heat until slightly thickened, about 1 minute. Whisk in remaining 1 tablespoon butter. Season with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over clams. Sprinkle with remaining 14 cup chopped cilantro and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, 1 14 cups thinly sliced green onions, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 14 cups chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 cup dry vermouth, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup vegetable stock, 12 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 4 dozen littleneck clams, scrubbed, Salt and freshly ground cracked black pepper], title: Shut Your Pie Hole Clams, picturelink: null}, 54794: {instructions: Place greens into a large bowl. Whisk together the oil, vinegar, mustard, and salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle the dressing over the greens and toss. Divide the greens onto 4 plates, top each with about 7 tomatoes, 14 cup of beans and 2 tablespoons of goat cheese. Sprinkle with basil and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces prewashed mixed salad greens about 8 cups, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes about 28, 1 cup canned cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 4 ounces goat cheese about 12 cup, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, torn, or 1 teaspoon dried basil], title: FiveMinute Salad: Goat Cheese, Herb and White Bean, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 54795: {instructions: Special equipment: 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in water 30 minutesnWhisk together the stout, 14 cup water, oil, soy sauce, fennel, sugar, thyme and garlic in a baking dish. Toss the lamb in the marinade to coat, and then cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 4 hours.nPreheat a grill or grill pan. Sprinkle the lamb with salt and pepper, and then thread 2 or 3 pieces onto each skewer so that the meat lays flat.nGrill the lamb until slightly charred and mediumrare, 2 minutes per side. Serve on a platter with the Honey Dipping Sauce on the side.nWhisk together with the honey, mustards, horseradish, mint and fennel seeds. Season with salt and pepper, and then cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld., ingredients: [2 cups stout beer, such as Guinness Irish stout, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 pounds lamb tenderloin, cut into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Honey Dipping Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup clover honey, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup wholegrain mustard, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, lightly toasted and ground, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Irish Stout and Garlic Marinated Lamb Tenderloin Skewers with Honey Dipping Sauce, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 54796: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 54797: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat a 10 by 12inch baking pan with nonstick spray or oil. Place 1 crust in the pan. Make holes in the crust with a fork or knife and bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from oven and set aside to cool slightly.nDrain the juice from the peaches and fill the prepared crust until 34 full with peaches. Combine all of the cobbler ingredients, except for the remaining crust and spread over the peaches. On a cutting board, lay the remaining pie crust flat and slice into 10 strips. Place 5 strips diagonally across cobbler and 5 others diagonally in the opposite direction. Put back into the oven and bake for 45 to 55 minutes, until crust is golden brown. Garnish with raspberries and mint leaves and serve with Dream Cream.nPlace all ingredients into a mixing bowl and beat until blended. Place in the refrigerator for 1 hour prior to using., ingredients: [2 storebought pie crusts, 3 24ounce cans sliced peaches, 1 can fresh raspberries, 4 ounces butter, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon allspice, 20 raspberries, for garnish, 20 mint leaves, for garnish, 1 cup Dream Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup sugar, 3 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Peach and Raspberry CobblerTini with Dream Cream, picturelink: p1FLP5a6OQn.uILmoYDswtd.N99SVi6}, 54798: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and mix well.nIn saucepan combine all ingredients. Bring to a boil and reduce by 12.nPreheat Oven: 350 degrees. Dip fillets in batter and cook in a nonstick pan with a small amount of cooking spray. Cook on both sides until fillets are golden brown. Place fillets on oven pan and bake for 5 to 6 minutes. Saute shrimp with a small amount of butter, lemon juice and white wine. Place on top of fillets and serve topped with sweet lemon sauce., ingredients: [2 eggs, 6 ounces Parmesan cheese, Pinch parsley, 8 ounces milk, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup sugar, 4 6ounce flounder fillets, 12 1620 count shrimp, cleaned and deveined, Butter, to taste, Lemon juice, to taste, White wine, to taste], title: Flounder Francaise, picturelink: null}, 54799: {instructions: Soak the bean thread vermicelli in water for 20 minutes, then drain and cut into 4inch lengths. Put the mushrooms in a bowl, cover with water and soak for 20 minutes, then drain and thinly slice.nCombine the curry powder, turmeric and chilli flakes and set aside. In another small bowl, combine the fish sauce and sugar with 2 tablespoons of water. Mix well and set aside.nHeat a wok over medium heat. Add the oil, garlic, diced onion and lemongrass and stir fry until fragrant. Increase the heat to high, then add eel and stirfry for 2 minutes. Add the curry powder mixture and stirfry for 1 minute, then add the vermicelli, wood ear mushrooms, onion wedges and fish sauce mixture. Toss well, then pour in the coconut milk and stir fry for 2 minutes.nGarnish with peanuts, rice paddy herb and sawtooth coriander. Serve with jasmine rice, and a bowl of diced chilli and soy sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 34 ounces bean thread glass vermicelli, 3 dried wood ear mushrooms, 12 teaspoon hot Thai curry powder, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon chilli flakes, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 onion, 12 diced, 12 cut into wedges, 1 lemongrass stem, white part only, finely diced, 14 ounces eel fillets, boned with skin on, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons coconut milk, 2 tablespoons roasted peanuts, crushed, 1 bunch rice paddy herb, roughly sliced, 1 bunch sawtooth coriander cilantro, roughly sliced, 2 birds eye chillies, finely diced, Soy sauce, for dipping], title: Wok Tossed Eel with Turmeric and Glass Noodles: Luong Xao Lan, picturelink: null}, 54800: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat. Spread the butter on both sides of the bread.nBuild the sandwich with the ham and cheeses and place in the hot skillet. Cook until the bread is golden and toasty, a few minutes on each side.nArrange the tomato halves for the eyes, 14 cheese slice for a nose and pickle spear for a smile.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, softened, 2 slices rustic white bread, 2 slices ham, 2 slices American cheese, plus 14 slice for serving, 2 slices mozzarella cheese, 1 grape tomato, halved, 1 small pickle spear], title: Smiling Grilled Cheese, picturelink: L5Kn3VKhqJ1Tuo.z9SWiz0HzfWkfslK}, 54801: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the tomatoes, pineapple, avocados, onion, cilantro, lime juice, red pepper flakes and garlic salt in a medium bowl. Add pepper to taste. Serve with lime tortilla chips., ingredients: [23 cup grape tomatoes, chopped 10 to 12, 12 cup finely chopped pineapple, 3 medium avocados, diced, 12 finely chopped sweet onion, such as Vidalia, 18 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, Black pepper, Lime tortilla chips, for serving], title: Avocado Salsa, picturelink: DGX8z8e.lQaNxcYJvXMjSMjc6TrOK2}, 54802: {instructions: Put the sorbet in a medium microwavesafe bowl and heat until melted. Stir in the condensed milk and let cool.nPut the cream in another medium bowl and beat with an electric mixer until it is thick and holds a ribbony shape when you run the beaters through it do not let it form soft peaks, 2 to 3 minutes. Gently stir the thickened cream into the lemon sorbet mixture and pour into the pie crust. Smooth out into an even layer. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and freeze until set, about 2 hours or up to overnight., ingredients: [1 cup lemon sorbet, 34 cup sweetened condensed milk, 23 cup heavy cream, One 9inch graham cracker pie crust], title: 4Ingredient Frozen Lemonade Pie, picturelink: qAGalhosxPIq645mGvIzEqOB5ehKKe}, 54803: {instructions: In a heavy kettle cook onions, garlic, and tomatoes, covered, over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally, until onions are very soft, about 40 minutes. Force mixture through a food mill fitted with coarse disk into a bowl. In a cleaned kettle stir together puree, sugar, and vinegar, and simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently to prevent scorching, until reduced by half, about 20 minutes. Tie cloves, allspice, cinnamon, and celery seed in a cheesecloth bag and add to tomato mixture with mustard and paprika. Simmer mixture, stirring until very thick, about 10 minutes. Discard bag and season mixture with hot sauce and salt. Ketchup may be made 10 days ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [4 medium onions, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 4 28ounce cans whole tomatoes, drained, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, crushed, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, Hot sauce, to taste, Salt, to taste], title: Homemade Tomato Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 54804: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut stem section from the pumpkin and remove seeds. Sprinkle inside with salt and cinnamon. Place hollowed pumpkin on a baking sheet in oven and roast for 20 minutes. Remove and fill with cornbread dressing recipe follows leaving 1 to 2 inches at the top for expansion. Increase oven temperature to 375 degrees. Place stuffed pumpkin in oven and bake for another 35 to 40 minutes or until pumpkin is tender, dressing is set and nicely browned on top.nCombine cornbread, toasted bread and crackers in mixing bowl. Pour stock into saucepan and add celery and onion. Bring to a boil and cook for 10 minutes, allow to cool. Add stock mixture to bread crumb mixture with beaten eggs, butter, sage, salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients and mix well. On the stove top, heat the oil in a large skillet until hot but not boiling. Pour the hot oil into the bowl with the other ingredients and mix well. Pour the batter into the skillet and bake for 35 to 50 minutes. Start checking for doneness after 35 minutes it should be golden brown when done., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound pumpkin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, Cornbread dressing, recipe follows, 4 cups crumbled cornbread, recipe follows, 2 cups toasted bread, cut into 1inch cubes, 10 saltine crackers, 2 cups vegetable stock, 3 celery stalks, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 large eggs, 12 stick butter, 1 teaspoon dried sage, Salt and pepper, 2 cups cornmeal, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup water, 1 large egg, 6 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Stuffed Pumpkin with Cornbread Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 54805: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine sugar cookie mix, melted butter, egg, cream cheese, and flour mix together to form dough. Separate dough into 2 equal portions and place in 2 different bowls. Add red food coloring gradually to 1 bowl of dough, kneading together until desired shade of red is created. To second bowl of uncolored dough, add peppermint extract and knead together. On a floured work surface, shape each dough into balls and then roll each ball into 14inchwide ropes, each about 6 inches long. For each cookie, carefully twist some of the red and white ropes of dough together and shape into a candy cane. Spread candy canes out on cookie sheets and bake on the top shelf of the oven for about 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool before serving., ingredients: [1 box sugar cookie mix, 12 stick butter, melted, 1 egg, 13 cup softened cream cheese, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus additional for surface, Red food coloring, 1 12 teaspoons peppermint extract], title: Candy Cane Cookies, picturelink: null}, 54806: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPosition a cooling rack over a foil or parchmentlined baking sheet for easy clean up. Lay the strips of bacon on the rack and place in the oven to bake for 6 to 8 minutes.nSprinkle each strip with brown sugar and bake until the sugar melts and caramelizes and the bacon is crispy, another 6 to 8 minutes dont let them burn. Remove from the pan and lay on the cooling rack to solidify and come to an eatable temperature.nResist the temptation to eat all of them yourself., ingredients: [10 strips thickcut bacon, About 14 cup brown sugar], title: Candied Bacon, picturelink: BYBCfkfhMYG3c7Ybc7UaZ6Ewn3gmYa}, 54807: {instructions: Prepare a hot grill. Skewer the slices individually. The shiitakes should have a scallion on each side. Lightly oil and season the satays and on a hot grill, mark and crisscross both sides, about 4 to 5 minutes total. In a food processor, add 2 cups peanuts, shallots, garlic, chiles, kaffir, and lemon grass and puree smooth. Add sugar, lime juice and season. Drizzle in remaining oil then add the herbs. Check for seasoning.nLay a bed of peanuts on a large plate. Serve the pesto in a bowl and surround with satays. Garnish with extra kaffir leaves or lemongrass., ingredients: [1 zucchini, sliced on the bias, 14inch thick, 1 small eggplant, sliced in half, then 14inch slices, 10 large shiitake caps, 4 scallions, 1inch lengths, Wooden skewers soaked in water, 4 cups roasted peanuts, 2 cups for plating, 2 large, sliced shallots, 4 cloves sliced garlic, 3 minced Thai bird chiles, 3 kaffir lime leaves, chiffonade, 2 stalks lemon grass, white part only, minced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 limes, juiced, 2 cups peanut oil, 1 cup Thai basil leaves, 12 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup mint leaves, Salt and black pepper], title: Vegetarian Satays with Asian Pesto, picturelink: null}, 54808: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill to high. Brush entire breast with oil and season well with salt and coarsely ground black pepper. Place the breast on the grill, skinside down, and grill until golden brown and a crust has formed, about 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce the heat of the grill to medium, turn the breast over, close the cover of the grill and continue cooking until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 165 degrees F, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the breast from the grill and let rest, loosely tented with foil, for 10 minutes. Slice the breast into 14inch thick slices.nLay the bacon, lengthwise, over the grates of the grill and grill for approximately 2 minutes per side or until golden brown and slightly crunchy. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels.nMix together the goat cheese, mayonnaise, and sage in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the mayonnaise among 4 slices of the bread and top each with 4 slices of turkey, 2 green tomato slices, another slice of bread, 3 slices of bacon, some of the watercress, and top each with the remaining bread., ingredients: [12 turkey breast, bone in, about 4 pounds, Olive oil, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 12 slices bacon, cut 12inch thick, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, 4 ounces prepared mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 12 1inch thick slices country white bread, grilled, 2 green tomatoes, cut into 14inch thick slices, Watercress], title: Grilled Turkey Breast with Bacon, Green Tomato with Goat CheeseSage Mayonnaise, picturelink: .ndV1QPjBNU0h5RMGOlQOPMINnhYXBu}, 54809: {instructions: Slice the goat cheese into 12inch cubes. In a small bowl, combine the goat cheese with lemon zest, peppercorns, and olive oil. Toss and refrigerate overnight.nGrind sugar rose petals in blender to make a powder and transfer to a small bowl. Dip each watermelon cube into the rose petal powder to coat. Remove goat cheese cubes and reserve the citrus oil. Thread the watermelon, goat cheese, and mint leaves alternately on skewers. Drizzle the citrus olive oil over the skewers and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces goat cheese, 1 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons peppercorns, crushed, 1 cup olive oil, Sugared rose petals, 4 cups seedless watermelon, cut into 34inch cubes, Mint leaves, 24 6inch bamboo skewers], title: Savory Watermelon Skewers with Citrus Goat Cheese and Mint, picturelink: null}, 54810: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHalve the squash lengthwise, scoop out the seeds and drizzle with EVOO. Sprinkle with salt, pepper and fresh nutmeg and roast until just tender, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool slightly.nWhile the squash is in the oven, place a small skillet over mediumhigh heat and melt the butter. Add the sage leaves to the skillet, gently stirring them around for a few minutes, until they are crispy and a deep green color. Remove the skillet from the heat, set the crispy leaves aside on a paper towel and reserve the brown butter.nCarefully scoop the flesh of the squash into a bowl keeping the skins intact. Mash with the chicken stock, 1 cup of the Cheddar, 1 cup of the Parm, all of the ricotta, the reserved brown butter, and then adjust seasonings. Stuff the squash shells with the mashed squash mixture, top with a sprinkle of the remaining Cheddar and Parm and bake until the cheese is melted and golden brown on top.nRemove from the oven and garnish with the fried sage leaves, lightly crushing them in your hand as you sprinkle over the top.nYou may serve a whole half as a meal, or cut each half in halves or thirds and serve as a side., ingredients: [2 butternut squash, EVOO, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 4 tablespoons butter, 10 to 12 fresh whole sage leaves, 14 to 12 cup chicken stock, 1 12 cups shredded sharp yellow Cheddar, 1 12 cups shredded ParmigianoReggiano, 1 cup ricotta cheese fresh cow or sheeps milk], title: Double Stuffed Butternut Squash, picturelink: A99EojnO20WSo1EkyoIsXB6hBTLns1y}, 54811: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 1quart mason jars, 1 for the yogurt, 3 for the cooler see note Medium bowl Meat thermometer Funnel optional Small coolernCleaning and Preheating: Before you get started, bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Once boiling, shut off the heat. Rinse out the mason jar youll be using for yogurt with some of the hot water. Fill the jar with more hot water and set it aside to preheat. All lids, bowls, spoons, forks or funnels should get a quick dunk in hot water too.nFill the cooler with hot water to about 2 inches. Fill the remaining 3 jars with hot water, seal tightly and set in the cooler. Shut the cooler lid to allow the whole thing to preheat. This is your incubation chamber, your fermentation vessel, your magic box.nPlace the yogurt your starter in a medium bowl and set it aside to allow it to warm to room temperature. Resist the impulse to add more starter. Though it seems like a good idea, it actually produces a thinner, more fragile yogurt.nMilking: Run a little tap water in a small, heavy saucepan. Swirl it around to coat the interior, and discard the water, not the saucepan. This small step reduces the adhesion of milk proteins to the metal, minimizing scorching.nAdd the milk and halfandhalf to the saucepan and warm slowly over mediumlow heat until the milk reaches 185 to 190 degrees F. Take it slow, 20 or more minutes is aok. The slower you warm the milk, the smoother the final result. Stir frequently with a rubber spatula, being sure to run the spatula over the bottom and sides of the saucepan. All this attention reduces the formation of milk skin though dont stress any that does form and limits the sticking and scorching of milk solids. Youll know the milk is at or near its target temperature when you see steam coming off the surface and small bubbles forming at the edges. Once the milk has hit its target temperature, remove it from the heat to cool while you finish preparing your incubation chamber.nFermenting: Check the temperature of the water in the cooler probably still quite hot and add enough water, warm or cool as needed, to get the whole thing to 115 degrees F about the temperature of very warm tap water. No higher, please. Really, 115 and not any higher. It is not worth running the risk of killing off the lactic acid bacteria in your starter.nWhen the temperature of the milk has dropped to 115 degrees, pour about half a cup no need to be precise into the bowl with your starter yogurt. If the milk has dropped below 115, just gently heat it back to temperature before adding it to the starter. Whisk with a fork to dissolve the yogurt, and then add the mixture back to the saucepan.nEmpty the preheated mason jarthe one you set aside for yogurtof its hot water. Now, pour in contents and stir well. Seal the jar tightly and transfer it to the cooler. Adjust the water level in the cooler to reach just shy of the lids.nClose the cooler and stow it someplace peaceful and warm, away from any potential jostling, meddling or peeking. Now comes the hard part: the waiting. Yogurt wants, needs, stillness for proper coagulation. You, on the other hand, will be overcome by the urge to check the set, take the temperature, offer words of encouragement. Stop Give the milk its me time. Let it meditate. It will reward you with yogurt.nSix to eight hours later, go ahead and have a look. Take the jar out of the cooler, remove the lid, and peer into the mystery before you. What was liquid should now be semisolid. Try a little. If it tastes like yogurt and you like what you taste, refrigerate it and call it a day.nMore likely, though, the yogurt will taste a little flat. The texture might be good, but the flavor will have little of the lactic tang that makes yogurt so distinctive. Instead, I encourage you to give long, slow fermentation a chance. Though it seems kind of scarywont it spoiltime allows for all sorts of wonderful flavors to develop, and for more lactose to be converted to lactic acid which actually has a preservative effect. With slow fermentation you get fuller flavored, tangier yogurt.nSo, once youve tasted and tested, raise the water in the cooler back to 100 to 105 degrees F, and return the yogurt to the cooler. Ferment for another 12 to 15 hours. Taste again. I got my best results after 22 hours of total incubationwith most of the last 10 hours hovering between 85 and 95 degreesbut yogurt is highly variable, and you could take it even further if you think it would benefit from still more acidity. Let your palate guide you.nWhen through fermenting, refrigerate your yogurt for 3 hours, to allow its structure to firm up. The end result should be almost puddinglike, closer to Greek yogurt than to conventional yogurt.nAnd there you have it, in a few simple steps, you, you, have saved one of the most perishable foods in nature from the forces of rot, and converted it into something durable and delicious., ingredients: [1 scant tablespoon plain yogurt label must list live or active cultures, 2 12 cups whole milk, 34 cups halfandhalf], title: Yogurt Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 54812: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Sprinkle a work surface with flour to prevent sticking. Cut the pizza dough into 32 pieces by dividing it in half, then cutting each half in half and so on until you have 32 fairly evenlysized pieces. Cut the mozzarella into 32 cubes.nLine a baking sheet with foil and spray lightly with cooking spray. Insert 1 piece of the mozzarella into each of the dough pieces, pinching the dough around the cheese and rolling into a ball. Make sure the cheese is completely sealed inside the dough. Repeat with all of the cheese and dough.nArrange the dough balls into the shape of a Christmas tree on the prepared baking sheet. Start with 1 at the center of the top of the sheet pan as the treetop. Then make rows of 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 in a pyramid shape below the first ball, to make a triangular tree shape. Place the last 2 balls at the top of the pyramid to act as a tree topper.nMelt the butter in a small pan. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds, then remove from heat. Brush half of the garlic butter over the dough and sprinkle with kosher salt. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until the dough is lightly browned and cooked through. Itu00bfs okay if some of the cheese bursts through u00bf it will crisp up and taste delicious.nRemove from the oven and brush with the remaining garlic butter, then sprinkle with the parsley and mixed herbs. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and spread the basil ribbons over the top. If desired, spoon some of the sauce in lines across the tree to look like a garland. Serve immediately with the remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 12 pounds storebought pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, One 8ounce block partskim mozzarella, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 garlic clove, minced, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped mixed fresh herbs such as sage, rosemary and thyme, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 6 to 8 large basil leaves, sliced into ribbons, 2 cups storebought marinara, warmed], title: Christmas Tree PullApart Bread, picturelink: 3P63OkuCmj6WdkbziHg4jYGn9ST7YZm}, 54813: {instructions: Bring the water and kombu slowly to a simmer. Remove the kombu as soon as the water simmers, bring the water to a boil and add 2 cups of shaved bonito flakes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the bonito steep for 1 minute. Strain the broth through a fine mesh strainer or through cheesecloth.nDrink: Rikasuimei Sake., ingredients: [One 9inch length of kombu, 2 12 cups of water, 2 cups shaved bonito flakes], title: Dashi, picturelink: null}, 54814: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat 1 12 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, 1 more minute. Stir in the vinegar, honey mustard, Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup water, and salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer, then add the beans, plus the liquid from one of the cans. Cook until the beans are soft, about 5 more minutes.nMake eight indentations in the bean mixture and crack an egg into each. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and transfer to the oven. Bake until the egg whites are set, 10 to 14 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brush the bread with olive oil on both sides and toast in the skillet, 1 minute per side. Toss the tomatoes, parsley, the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Divide the toast among plates top each with 2 eggs, some beans and the tomato salad.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 12 small onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce or steak sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 15ounce cans navy beans 1 undrained 1 drained and rinsed, 8 large eggs, 4 thick slices crusty bread, 2 cups halved grape tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Baked Eggs and Beans on Toast, picturelink: r0kh9Zc6I2fd3noLG15ey.fDhGFCPgW}, 54815: {instructions: Bring 18 ounces 2 14 cups of cold water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the tea bags and steep for 10 minutes. Remove the bags and discard. Pour the wine into a large container or pitcher and add the tea, grapefruit juice, pisco, simple syrup, half of the diced mango and all of the orange slices. Cover and let sit in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Just before serving, add the remaining diced mango and the berries. Serve very cold over ice., ingredients: [3 hibiscus tea bags, such as the Republic of Tea brand, 2 bottles Sauvignon Blanc, 2 cups ruby red grapefruit juice, 1 14 cups pisco, 12 cup simple syrup, plus more if desired, 1 small mango, peeled, pitted and cut into small dice, 1 small orange, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup raspberries or blackberries or a mixture of both], title: Hibiscus Tea Punch, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 54816: {instructions: Beat egg whites until they form peaks. Gradually beat in the sugar and vanilla until then whites are stiff. Gently stir in the nuts and chocolate chips with a spoon. Drop the batter on parchment paper on a baking sheet in teardrops, Bake for 20 to 30 minutes in preheated 300 degree oven, until smooches are hard but still white., ingredients: [3 egg whites, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla optional, 13 cup roughly chopped walnuts, 13 cup roughly chopped pecans, 13 cup chocolate chips], title: ChocolateChip Smooches, picturelink: null}, 54817: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Press cookie dough evenly in bottom of ungreased 9inch springform pan. If dough is sticky, use floured fingers. Bake 17 to 22 minutes or until light golden brown.nMeanwhile, place peanuts in resealable food storage plastic bag seal bag. Crush peanuts with rolling pin or meat mallet set aside.nIn medium microwavable bowl, microwave caramel topping, peanut butter and cinnamon uncovered on High 30 to 60 seconds or until hot and bubbly stir well. Drizzle mixture evenly over partially baked crust. Sprinkle with peanut butter chips, vanilla baking chips and crushed peanuts.nBake 12 to 18 minutes longer or until edges are golden brown. Cool completely, about 1 hour 30 minutes.nRun sharp knife carefully around edge of tart to loosen remove side of pan. To serve, cut tart into wedges. Store tightly covered at room temperature.nHigh altitude 35006500 ft: No change.nFisher is a registered trademark of John B. Sanfilippo and Son, Inc. Elk Grove Village, IL 600076057 U.S.A.nrtm Smuckers, Smuckers Squeeze and Smuckers Sundae Syrups are trademarks of The J.M. Smucker CompanynrJIF is a trademark of The J.M. Smucker CompanynTotal Time: 2 hours 5 minutes, ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyr Create n Baker refrigerated sugar cookies, 13 cup Fisherr Dry Roasted Peanuts, 13 cup SMUCKERSr Caramel Ice Cream Topping, 14 cup JIFr Creamy Peanut Butter, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup peanut butter chips, 14 cup white vanilla baking chips], title: Nutty Caramel Cookie Tart, picturelink: null}, 54818: {instructions: Special equipment: a cocktail shakernCombine the bourbon, vermouth, bitters, Velvet Falernum, maraschino liqueur and maraschino syrup in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake, and strain into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [2 ounces bourbon whiskey, 34 ounce sweet vermouth, 2 dashes bitters, 14 ounce Velvet Falernum liqueur, 14 ounce maraschino liqueur, such as Luxardo, 1 maraschino cherry plus 14 ounce syrup, such as Luxardo], title: Dadhattan, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 54819: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a baking pan spread almonds in one layer and toast in middle of oven until golden, about 12 minutes. Toss almonds with oil and salt until coated well. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups blanched whole almonds, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoons coarse or fine sea salt], title: Almendras Saladas Salted Almonds, picturelink: null}, 54820: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium pot and cover with cold water season with salt. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until forktender, about 20 minutes drain. Pass the potatoes through a ricer into a large bowl or mash with a potato masher until smooth.nCombine the milk, butter, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 cup water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, add the flour and stir vigorously with a wooden spoon until incorporated. Return the saucepan to the stove and cook over low heat, stirring, until the mixture comes together and pulls away from the side of the pan, about 1 minute. Continue stirring until the mixture is slightly shiny, about 4 more minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment on mediumhigh speed, about 1 minute. Add half of the mashed potatoes and the whole egg and beat until incorporated. Add the remaining potatoes and the egg yolks and beat until creamy and smooth, about 1 more minute. Transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch round tip. Set a large piece of parchment paper on a cutting board. Pipe about 24 mounds 1 to 1 12 inches each of the potato mixture on the parchment. Cut the parchment between the mounds with a paring knife so each puff sits on its own piece of paper.nHeat 2 inches of peanut oil in a large pot until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees F. Working in batches, carefully invert each puff into the oil, leaving it on the parchment. The parchment will fall off as the puffs cook remove with tongs. Fry until golden, turning as needed, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels season with salt.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 large russet potatoes about 1 pound, peeled, Kosher or sea salt, 14 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large egg plus 3 egg yolks, Peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying about 8 cups], title: Potato Puffs, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 54821: {instructions: Clean the chicken livers, removing the connective tissue and any silver skin. Season them with salt and pepper.nIn a large heavy skillet, over a medium high heat, melt the butter. Saute the chicken livers 5 minutes. Remove them from the skillet and set aside.nTo the same skillet, add the mushrooms and green onions. Cook 5 minutes. Add the wine, bay leaves, and garlic. Cover the skillet and cook 15 minutes. Remove the bay leaves.nIn a food processor fitted with a metal blade, place the contents of the skillet, leaving the liquid in the skillet to reduce by half. Add the chicken livers, green peppercorns, brandy, and reduced liquid to the processor. Blend until very smooth. Add more salt, if needed.nSpoon the pate into a decorative container or bowl, and cover with foil. Chill for at least 6 hours.nServe with toasted thinly sliced bagel rounds or toasted French bread., ingredients: [1 pound chicken livers, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 pound mushrooms, sliced thin, 12 cup sliced green onions, 23 cup dry red wine, 2 bay leaves, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 4 teaspoons drained green peppercorns, 2 tablespoons Mexican brandy], title: Pate Private Reserve, picturelink: null}, 54822: {instructions: Heat oil in 4quart pot over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and chili powder saute for 5 minutes. Add green and red peppers saute 5 minutes. Add zucchini, squash, oregano and ground red pepper saute for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes cook 10 minutes. Stir in corn, black beans and salt cook for 5 minutes.nServe with the accompaniments, if desired.nNote: Chili is always better with the extra punch of a tasty garnish, from scallions to sour cream. Try this easyonyou guacamole:n3 ripe avocados, peeled and pittedn3 tablespoons finely chopped red onionn3 tablespoons freshsqueezed lime juicen2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leavesn1 jalepeno, seeded and mincedn14 teaspoon saltn14 teaspoon hot pepper saucenMash avocado flesh in a bowl. Stir in red onion, lime juice, cilantro, jalapeno, salt, and hotpepper sauce. Refrigerate. Spoon a dollop on each chili serving.nRead more at: http:www.foodnetwork.comrecipesvegetarianchilirecipe.htmloclinkback, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 mediumsize sweet green pepper, cored, seeded and diced, 1 mediumsize sweet red pepper, cored, seeded and diced, 1 mediumsize zucchini, diced, 1 mediumsize yellow squash, diced, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon ground red pepper cayenne, 1 can 14.5 ounces stewed tomatoes, 1 can 11 ounces corn kernels, drained, 1 can 15.5 ounces black beans, drained and rinsed, 14 teaspoon salt, Accompaniments, optional: cooked rice, sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese], title: Vegetarian Chili, picturelink: IwEKifepJ9ibk4qB.B7cdf.cc1PyYXi}, 54823: {instructions: Poach chicken in water and set aside to cool. Carefully slice off a small amount of the top of tomatoes be careful not to remove too much and scoop out seeds. A 14 teaspoon measuring spoon works well for this procedure. Peel apples, remove core and chop fine, and coat with lemon juice. Chop cooled chicken fine, season with salt and pepper and cinnamon, and stir in mayonnaise and chopped parsley, mixing well. Spoon chicken salad into tomatoes and garnish with the rosemary leaves., ingredients: [2 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Water, 16 cherry tomatoes, 2 Granny Smith apples, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, to keep apples from turning brown, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 16 very small leaves rosemary, for garnish], title: Cherry Tomatoes Stuffed with Chicken Apple Salad, picturelink: kWEHjE6WhAJv4m.vo0NP0.kfzUZuzQi}, 54824: {instructions: Melt butter with grain mustard and set aside. Lay phyllo out in sheets, brush first sheet with butter, place second sheet on top and repeat process. Cut into 12 even size squares and place on baking sheet and bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees until golden brown and set aside. In a food processor puree garlic, shallots, basil, and tomato, add rice vinegar and puree until smooth. Emulsify by slowly adding in the olive oil. Taste for seasoning and set aside. Combine crab, papaya and dressing being careful not to overwork the crab. Using 2 phyllo squares to an order, layer crab and phyllo to form a tower. Garnish with chives, basil, or the edible green of your choice., ingredients: [3 tablespoons whole unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon grain mustard, 2 sheets phyllo dough, 1 clove blanched garlic, 2 shallots, minced, 3 leaves freah basil, 1 Roma tomato, peeled and seeded, 10 ounces rice vinegar, 2 ounces extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 12 pounds fresh lump crab meat, 1 papaya, cut in small dice], title: Crab Salad with Mustard Phyllo Crisps and a Tomato Basil Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 54825: {instructions: In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until nearly smoking. Add the popcorn kernels and immediately cover with a lid. Give the pan a shake and wait until you hear the kernels starting to pop. Shake the pan again, then lower the heat to medium and continue cooking until the popping slows and the kernels are popped, about 2 minutes more. Transfer the popcorn to a large bowl.nMelt the butter over medium heat in a small saute pan. Add the lemon zest, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt. Swirl to mingle the flavors. Pour the butter mixture over the popcorn and toss gently to coat. Season with salt and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Grated zest of 1 lemon, 18 teaspoon cayenne, Salt], title: Spicy Citrus Popcorn, picturelink: ty4RDtd598IhG6P5W7nN4miPjMnRN2}, 54826: {instructions: Place 1 sheet of nori lengthwise on a bamboo mat, shinyside down. Position the sheet about 1inch from the side of the mat closest to you. Wet your hands in cool water and take a handful of sushi rice. Place the rice in the center of the nori and use your fingers to spread the rice evenly across it. Next place the asparagus, goat cheese, and prosciutto horizontally across the roll. Use the mat to roll up the sushi, pinching and squeezing the mat to shape it into a round cigar shape. Slice into 1inch thick rolls with a sharp knife. Turn rolls onto their sides so the rice is facing upwards, and serve with pickled ginger, wasabi, and soy sauce.nPlace the water and salt in a medium sized saucepan and cover it with a tightfitting lid. Bring the water to a boil. Add rice, return to a boil over medium heat, and then reduce heat to low and simmer. Once the water has evaporated from the rice, remove the pan from the heat. Stir in the rice vinegar and let cool before using., ingredients: [2 sheets nori, 1 cup Sushi Rice, recipe follows, 2 small asparagus spears, blanched and shocked in an ice water bath, 1 to 2 ounces crumbled goat cheese, 4 slices thinly sliced prosciutto, Pickled ginger, for serving, Wasabi, for serving, Soy sauce, for serving, 3 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup shortgrain sushi rice, 14 cup rice wine vinegar], title: Asparagus Roll, picturelink: null}, 54827: {instructions: Add all the ingredients for the sauce into a saucepan and cook for 2 hours over mediumlow heat. Remove the sauce from the heat and place into a food processor or blender and puree. Strain the sauce and set aside.nPreheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nPlace the ribs onto the grill and brush with sauce. This will glaze the ribs while they cook.nThe blueberries add a subtle sweetness to the sauce to play off the heat of the chiles and the acid of the vinegar., ingredients: [3 pints blueberries, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 onion, sliced, 1 habanero pepper, 1 dark beer, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coffee, 1 tablespoon chipotle powder, 5 pounds smoked and cooked St. Louis cut pork ribs], title: Blueberry BBQ, picturelink: null}, 54828: {instructions: Using a typical cheese grater, grate your cucumber. Put the grated cucumber into a bowl. Add 1 tablespoon of salt, stir and set aside. Mince your garlic, add a pinch of salt and smooth it into a paste. Put the minced garlic in a separate bowl.nWash and prepare the dill by picking the leaves off the stems. Finely chop the dill and add to the same bowl as the minced garlic. Add the olive oil.nChop the lemons in half, remove the seeds and squeeze the juice into the dill and minced garlic mixture. Stir.nDrain the juice from the grated cucumber by using a strainer or doubledup paper towels. Combine the drained cucumber with the dill mixture. Stir. Lastly, add the yogurt and stir. Add more salt, pepper andor lemon juice according to how you like it. Stir.nKeep the tzatziki in the refrigerator until ready to eat. Serve in a nice bowl with a side of warm pita., ingredients: [1 large cucumber, Salt, 1 clove garlic, 1 bunch fresh dill, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 to 2 lemons, 2 cups whole milk Greek yogurt, Ground pepper, Pita bread, for serving], title: Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 54829: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix the lime, fish sauce and sugar well. Break up the lime segments. Toss with sprouts and basil. Check for seasoning. Lay out 1 rice paper wrapper and place a small mound of salad at the bottom. Top with lobster and mango. Roll bottom toward the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Finish roll and let rest. Individually wrap each roll with plastic wrap. Will hold for 2 hours in the refrigerator. Slice on the bias and serve on top of extra salad., ingredients: [Segments of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon fish sauce 3 Crab Brand, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 12 pound pea sprouts, 16 Thai basil leaves, 1 package rice papers, 6 to 8inch diameter, 2 steamed lobster tails, chilled and sliced, 1 large, ripe mango, sliced in long strips], title: Lobster and Mango Summer Rolls, picturelink: null}, 54830: {instructions: Place the beans in a large bowl and cover with cold water by 1inch and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight. Drain and rinse the beans and then drain again.nPlace the beans in large pot with 2 quarts water, the onion, bay leaf, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for about 50 minutes, or until tender. A good test is to scoop up several beans in a spoon and blow on them: if the skin starts to peel off, theyre done. Drain the beans, reserving the cooking liquid.nPreheat the oven to 225 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, whisk together the maple syrup, brown sugar, ketchup, chili paste, ginger, salt, and 1 12 cups of the cooking liquid, still reserving the remaining liquid. Bring to a simmer and cook over medium heat for 6 minutes.nTransfer the beans to a medium Dutch oven or a bean pot. Push half the bacon into the beans and place the rest on the top. Pour the maple syrup sauce over the beans. Place the lid on top and bake for 6 to 8 hours. Check occasionally if the beans are too dry, add 12 cup more of the cooking liquid. If you like, you can remove the lid for the last 30 minutes to thicken the sauce. Discard the bay leaf. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound dry red kidney beans, 2 quarts water, 1 large yellow onion, cut in eighths, 1 bay leaf, 6 whole black peppercorns, 34 cup medium amber pure maple syrup, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon Chinese chili paste, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 ounces thickcut smoked bacon, cubed], title: Maple Baked Beans, picturelink: GKlyS9xKmw5TxWfAuC2FReVnm2IXs7O}, 54831: {instructions: Pour all ingredients into a glass over ice and shake. Strain into a Martini glass and garnish with mint leaves and lime wedge.nPour all ingredients into a glass over ice and strain into a sugarrimmed glass garnish with a wedge of lime.nYield: 1 servingnPour all ingredients into a blender, and blend until milkshake consistency. Pour into a tall glass and serve.nYield: 1 serving, ingredients: [1 12 ounces Bacardi Limon rum, 1 teaspoon fresh squeezed lime juice, 5 mint leaves, 5 ounces sugarcane juice, Ice, 3 ounces Bacardi Dark rum, 12 ounce Dark Creme de Cocoa, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon lime juice, Ice, 4 ounces mame pulp, 8 ounces milk, 1 to 2 tablespoons sugar, to taste, Ice], title: Mojito, Mulata, and Badito de Mame Sapote, picturelink: null}, 54832: {instructions: In a heavy bottomed pot saute onion with oil until translucent, then add ham hock, lima beans and chicken stock and cook over medium heat for 30 minutes, or until the lima beans are very soft. Puree in a food processor and strain through a fine sieve into another pot, bring to a boil and add corn, cream and crayfish tails. Bring to a boil again, add the fava beans, nutmeg and serve hot., ingredients: [1 onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 smoked ham hock, 1 pound frozen lima beans, 2 quarts of chicken stock, 1 cup fresh corn, removed from husk, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup cooked crawfish tails removed from shells, 1 cup fresh fava beans, cooked and shelled, 14 teaspoon fresh grated Jamaican nutmeg], title: Lima Bean and Corn Soup with Crawfish Tails, picturelink: null}, 54833: {instructions: Set porcini and warm water in a skillet and bring to a simmer let mushrooms soak for 20 minutes or until tender. Take advantage of this time to make your scallop and raddichio salad.nDrain the soaked porcini and rinse them to remove any grit and chop. Strain soaking liquid through a paper lined sieve to remove any grit reserve.nSaute shallots in 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add all but the reserved mushroom caps, cover and cook over low heat or until mushrooms are tender. Add minced soaked porcini, reserved liquid and broth bring to a simmer and season to taste garnish with sliced raw mushroom., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini, 1 cup warm water, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 pound mixed wild and domestic mushrooms or one or the other, all but 2 domestic mushroom caps cut into thin slices, 2 cups chicken broth, Salt and pepper], title: Wild Mushroom Broth, picturelink: null}, 54834: {instructions: As soon as the portobellos and peppers are cool, slice them in long, thick strips. Save the juices in the bowl. Make sure they are well seasoned. Lay nori, shiny side down on sushi mat and lightly pat on rice on bottom half of nori, 14inch thick. Place mushrooms, peppers and scallions 23 up on rice. Roll, moisten end and let rest. In the bowl of juices, whisk in vinegar, mustard and shallots. Lift with oil, season, and check for flavor.nPLATING Slice the roll, both straight and on the bias. Drizzle with vinaigrette and serve immediately.nWash rice at least 3 times or until water is clear. Fill rice cooker or casserole with water to about 1inch over rice. I highly recommend a rice cooker more than 2 billion people use them in Asia for a reason. Slowly heat vinegar, mirin and sugar until very hot but not boiling. Fold in su vinegar and sugar with the hot rice, add enough so that the rice has a tartsweet taste. Rice should be shiny, not mushy. Carefully clean bowl with damp cloth, cover and let rest for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 portobello mushrooms, gills removed, grilled with olive oil, salt and pepper, placed in air tight bowl, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, placed in same air tight bowl with portobellos, 4 sheets yaki nori, Sushi Rice, recipe follows, 8 scallions, grilled with olive oil, salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 minced shallot, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 cups sushi rice Calroseshort grain, Water, up to Mount Fuji, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup mirin, 12 cup sugar], title: Grilled Portobello and Roasted Pepper Maki Sushi, picturelink: null}, 54835: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the water, sugar, cinnamon sticks, and lemon zest in a medium saucepan. Split vanilla bean lengthwise, scrape out the seeds and add both the seeds and the pod to the pan. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 5 minutes.nPeel the pears. Reduce the poaching liquid to a simmer and add the pears. Cook until just tender the tip of a paring knife will go through the flesh of a pear with just a little resistance, about 15 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and cool the pears in the poaching liquid, until completely cooled, about 45 minutes.nHeat the cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Put the chocolate and butter into a mediumsize bowl. Pour the cream over the chocolate and stir until smooth and glossy.nServe the pears with a scoop of ice cream, a little pearpoaching syrup and warm chocolate sauce drizzled over the top. Garnish with a wafer cookie and serve., ingredients: [6 cups water, 3 cups sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 lemon, zested, 1 vanilla bean, 6 firm pears such as Bosc or Bartlett, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, roughly chopped, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 quart storebought vanillabean ice cream, Wafer cookies, for serving], title: Vanilla Poached Pears with Chocolate Sauce and Ice Cream a.k.a. Poire Belle Helene, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 54836: {instructions: Assemble ingredients on platter and serve., ingredients: [Gorgonzola or Roquefort, Triple Cream St. Andre, Ripe Goat cheese, Fresh figs, Walnuts, Crusty bread, thinly sliced], title: Cheese Platter, picturelink: null}, 54837: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, mix all the ingredients for the curry paste together until smooth and set aside.nCook the whole corn kernels according to bag directions. Drain the water and set aside.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil and heat over a mediumhigh heat. Add the corn, shallots and pancetta and saute for 4 to 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Pancetta should be lightly cooked, but not crispy. Remove from the pan and set aside to cool. In a medium bowl, mix the flour, reserved curry paste, soy sauce, eggs and salt and pepper. Stir in the corn mixture and the scallions. If the batter is a little dry, add a touch of water until you get a smooth consistency.nIn a large frying pan heat enough vegetable oil about a 18inch for shallow frying, over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, the oil is ready when you drop in a tiny bit of batter and it sizzles immediately put a large tablespoon or so of the batter carefully into the oil and lightly press flat. Add about 4 more tablespoons, being sure to leave enough space in between each for easy turning. Fry until golden, about 1 12 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove the fritters with a slotted spatula to a paper towel lined plate. Pat dry with another paper towel and cover to keep them warm. Repeat until all of the batter is cooked.nArrange the fritters on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mild yellow curry powder, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons water, Pinch salt, 1 16ounce bag frozen whole corn kernels, thawed, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, diced, 8 slices pancetta, diced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 scallions, cut into 18inch rounds, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying], title: Lemon Curry Corn Fritters, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 54838: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 10cup ring mold pan, and set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugars on medium speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 4 minutes. Add the vanilla, and mix. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, mixing well after each addition. In a large bowl, sift together ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and flour. Gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, and mix on low speed just until the flour has been incorporated. Pour batter into prepared pan, and smooth the top with spatula. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the middle comes out clean, 50 to 55 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack to cool completely. Invert onto a serving platter and dust with confectioners sugar. Serve garnished with cinnamon cream.nPlace heavy cream, sugar, and cinnamon in a chilled medium bowl. Using a whisk, whip cream until soft peaks form. Cover with plastic, and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, plus more for pan, 1 cup darkbrown sugar, firmly packed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 8 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, Cinnamon Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Gingerbread Cake, picturelink: null}, 54839: {instructions: Make the sauce: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the ginger, garlic and chile pepper and cook until the ginger and garlic brown a little, about 1 minute. Add the garam masala and paprika and cook 30 seconds. Add the tomato sauce and 1 cup water, stir and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, prepare the sloppy joes: Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the raisins and pistachios and cook, stirring occasionally, until the raisins swell up and the pistachios toast slightly, about 1 minute. Remove from the skillet and set aside.nReturn the skillet to medium heat and add the remaining 1 to 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the cumin seeds and let sizzle about 10 seconds, then add the onion and bell pepper and cook until softened and starting to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the chile pepper and cook 2 more minutes, seasoning with salt. Add the turkey, breaking up the big lumps, and cook until opaque, about 5 minutes.nAdd the prepared sauce to the turkeyandonion mixture in the skillet. Stir and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer until the mixture thickens slightly, about 10 minutes.nRemove the whole chile pepper unless you want to eat it, like my dad does and stir in the honey, halfandhalf, raisins and pistachios. Taste for seasoning. Stir in the cilantro right before serving.nToast the buns and fill with the sloppy joe mixture. Eat with your hands, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 serrano chile pepper, seeded and minced, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, Small handful about 14 cup raisins, Small handful about 14 cup shelled pistachios, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 large white onion, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 serrano chile pepper dont chop it unless you like things spicy, Kosher salt, 1 pound ground turkey, 12 teaspoon honey, 14 cup halfandhalf, Small handful fresh cilantro soft stems included, 4 sesame buns], title: Bombay Sloppy Joes, picturelink: jUbdZUI1Tl0rcAsLA5Zy2h5lD6tkdlS}, 54840: {instructions: Remove the steak from the refrigerator 30 minutes before cooking. Heat a large heavybottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat. Pat the steak dry and season generously with salt and pepper on all sides. Place the steak, standing up on the strip of fat, in the pan and hold it with tongs until the fat renders and the pan is slick, about 2 minutes.nPlace the steak flat in the pan and sear until deep brown on one side, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn and cook on the other side until a thermometer inserted sideways into the thickest part registers 120 degrees for mediumrare, 3 to 4 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Reserve the drippings in the skillet.nAdd the shallot to the drippings and cook over medium heat until golden, about 2 minutes. Add the wine and scrape up any browned bits with a wooden spoon. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half and slightly syrupy, about 7 minutes remove from the heat. Whisk in the butter, one piece at a time, to make a glossy sauce. Add 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper or season to taste. Slice the steak against the grain and serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [1 1pound New York strip steak about 1inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 large shallot, minced, 34 cup boxed red wine, 2 to 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed], title: Steak with Red WineShallot Sauce, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 54841: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Brush a 9 by 5inch loaf pan with butter and dust it with flour.nWhisk the flour and salt together in a bowl.nIn another medium bowl, rub the citrus zests into the sugar with your fingers until the sugar is fragrant and takes on a bit of the fruit color. Beat the eggs into the sugar with a wooden spoon until blended. Stir in the flour mixture to make a smooth, sticky but pourable batter. Stir in the pistachios. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, and smooth the surface lightly with a spatula.nBake until the loaf is lightly browned and pulling away from the sides of the pan, about 40 to 45 minutes. A skewer inserted into the center should come out clean, and the loaf will look like a not so great pound cake. Let stand for 10 minutes, then remove from the pan and cool on a rack for 1 hour.nWrap the loaf in plastic and freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSlice the chilled loaf as thin as you can  6 to 8 slices to the inch. It helps to mark the loaf lightly with a serrated knife every halfinch and use that as a guide. Lay the slices flat on 2 baking sheets and bake until brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Take care  the cookies can go from pale to dark brown quickly.nLet stand overnight or for at least 12 hours on a rack to cool and crisp up. Serve. Store in a wellsealed jar or other container., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, softened, for greasing pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup sugar, Finely grated zest of 2 lemons about 1 tablespoon, packed, Finely grated zest of 1 orange about 2 teaspoons, packed, 4 large eggs, 1 cup whole raw peeled pistachios], title: Pistachio Melbas Australia, picturelink: gw96FoaO6J8WcDD1LcsUELwb4Uo02a2}, 54842: {instructions: Scrape the kernels from each ear of corn with a sharp knife. In a large saucepan over medium heat, heat the butter and oil. Add the onion and garlic and cook until soft. Raise the heat to high, add the wine and cook until reduced. Reduce the heat to medium, add the corn and sweat for 5 minutes. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered for 20 minutes. Place the mixture, in batches, into a blender and blend until smooth. Return the mixture to the pan and heat over mediumlow heat. Stir in the cream and cook, until hot, about 1 minute. Divide among 8 bowls and garnish with chives.nIn a skillet over mediumhigh heat, cook the chorizo for 10 to 12 minutes. Peel and slice thin. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place 4 tortillas on an ungreased baking sheet. Divide the cheeses, chorizo and cilantro among the 4 tortillas and season with salt and pepper to taste. Stack to make two 2 layered tortillas and top with the remaining 2 tortillas. Bake for 8 to 12 minutes until golden brown and cheese has melted. Slice into sixths and serve along side soup., ingredients: [6 ears corn, roasted, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 Spanish onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup dry white wine, 5 cups vegetable stock, 1 cup heavy cream, Fresh chives, finely sliced, 8 ounces chorizo, 6 8inch flour tortillas, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese, 12 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasted Corn Soup with ChorizoGoat Cheese Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 54843: {instructions: Mix all ingredients well. Simmer over low heat for 30 to 40 minutes. Pour into mason jars and store in refrigerator until ready to use. May use on chicken, beef or pork.nWinner of Best Sauce: 1996 Tennessee State BBQ Championship, ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 12 cup light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 6 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 4 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons prepared mustard, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon red pepper, optional], title: Music City Pig Pals Tangy Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54844: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a wok or a large frying pan. Add the garlic and ginger, and saute until golden brown. Add the shrimp and cook for 1 to 2 minutes until pink, tossing from time to time. Remove and set aside in a bowl.nHeat 12 tablespoon of oil in the same pan and add the eggs. Stir to scramble the egg into small pieces, remove and set aside with the shrimp.nHeat the remaining oil in the pan and add the soy sauce, fish sauce, rice wine, red pepper flakes, and brown sugar. Stir briefly, add the drained noodles, and cook for 5 minutes.nAdd the bean sprouts, chopped scallions, and cilantro. Mix well and continue to cook until noodles are heated through. Season, if necessary, with a little more soy sauce or fish sauce, sprinkle in lime zest and juice, and serve while hot, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced, 16 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon red crushed pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 7 ounces rice noodles, soaked in warm water for 10 to 15 minutes then drained, 12 cup bean sprouts, 3 scallions, sliced, 1 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, zested and juiced], title: Shrimp Pad Thai, picturelink: zdT.IiHRNKZbc0NHkpO4RxVN61clyS}, 54845: {instructions: For the sauce: In a large pot, over medium heat, sweat onion, then add garlic and tomato. Cook for 5 minutes. Add sugar, vinegar and remaining ingredients and cook down for 45 minutes. Remove the bay leaf and run through a food mill. Set aside.nMeatballs: Dice the meat and mix with salt. Grind twice with 14inch dice. Add all other ingredients except egg and paddle in standing mixer for 1 minute. Add the egg and mix to combine.nForm into 1inch round balls, dust with allpurpose flour. Add a coating of oil to a large skillet, and shallowfry the meatballs until golden. Cover with tomato sauce and simmer for 10 minutes over low heat. Sprinkle with ricotta and chopped cucumber and serve., ingredients: [1 onion, finely minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 10 Roma tomatoes, blanched and peeled, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped basil leaves, 1 fresh bay leaf, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds lamb breast, 1 pound lamb top round, 20 grams kosher salt, 12 cup white bread cubes, crusts discarded, soaked in milk, 12 cup finely minced onion, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped oregano leaves, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped sage leaves, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 egg, beaten, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup fresh sheeps milk ricotta, 1 English cucumber, finely chopped], title: Lamb Meatballs with Tomato Sauce, Sheeps Milk Cheese and Cucumbers: Albondigas de Cordero, picturelink: null}, 54846: {instructions: For the eyeballs: Place an olive disc in the center of a bocconcini and trace around it with a sharp paring knife. Carve out a 12inch piece of cheese from the outline and place the olive slice in the hole. Wrap a slice of prosciutto around the bocconcini eyeball. Repeat with each bocconcini ball.nFor the salsa: Pour the whole can of San Marzano tomatoes into a bowl. Add the olive oil, sugar, salt, balsamic vinegar, Greek oregano, chili flakes, lots of black pepper, the garlic, basil, red onions and parsley. Mix together with your hands.nDivide the eyeballs into pairs and place on individual plates. Add a couple of tablespoons of salsa to each plate. Serve with crostini., ingredients: [8 large green olives stuffed with pimento, sliced into 14inch discs, 16 bocconcini cheese balls, 8 slices prosciutto di Parma, 1 can whole San Marzano tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon aged balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon dried Greek oregano, 14 teaspoon hot chili flakes, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 handful fresh basil, finely chopped, 1 red onion, minced, 1 handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, Crostini, for serving], title: Bocconcini Eyeballs with Blood Salsa, picturelink: null}, 54847: {instructions: Combine beans, bell peppers, haricots verts and season to taste with vinaigrette mixed with chopped cilantro leaves. Garnish with red onion.nCombine all ingredients., ingredients: [16ounce can black beans, rinsed, drained and dried, 12 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 yellow bell pepper, finely chopped, 12 cup steamed haricots verts, chopped into 1inch lengths, Mustard Vinaigrette, recipe follows, mixed with cilantro, Thin slices of red onion, 1 teaspoon or so Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Black Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 54848: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the oats, Chex cereal, the 2 tablespoons melted butter and 18 teaspoon of the salt. Spread the mixture onto a baking sheet and bake until deep golden brown and fragrant, about 10 minutes, stirring halfway through the baking time.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, coffee, baking soda and remaining 34 teaspoon salt. In a large bowl, using a wooden spoon, mix together the 10 tablespoons roomtemperature butter, granulated sugar and brown sugar until creamy. Stir in the egg and vanilla. Then carefully fold in the chocolate, peanuts, sour cherries, potato chips and the oat and Chex mixture. Scoop the dough into 2tablespoon scoops and roll each one into a neat ball. Freeze the dough balls for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSet the dough balls at least 3 inches apart on parchmentlined baking sheets and sprinkle with the flaky sea salt. Bake until the cookies are golden brown and the centers are just set, 18 to 22 minutes, rotating the sheets halfway through. Let the cookies cool on the baking sheets for 10 minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely., ingredients: [12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 cup Rice Chex cereal, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 teaspoon plus 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground coffee, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate around 60 percent cacao, 12 cup honeyroasted peanuts, coarsely chopped, 12 cup dried sour cherries, chopped, 12 cup lightly crushed salted potato chips, Flaky sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Compost Cookies, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 54849: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Place in a small bowl. Can be refrigerated for 1 day, bring to room temperature before using.nCombine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper, to tastnPreheat grill to high. Grill shrimp for 2 to 3 minutes on each side, brushing with the butter every 30 seconds, season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve on platter alongside Tomatillo Salsa., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 canned chipotle pepper in adobo, 2 garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped red onion, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 medium tomatillos, husked and coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 48 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, Chipotle Butter, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Shrimp Brushed with Chipotle Butter Served with Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 54850: {instructions: Combine the cream cheese, lemon juice, red onion, and basil in a bowl until completely blended.nOn a piece of waxed paper, arrange the smoked salmon slices in a rectangle about 3 inches wide and 12 inches long, slightly overlapping each piece. If the salmon slices are cut irregularly, simply piece them together like a puzzle.nSpread a thin layer of the cream cheese mixture on the salmon, sprinkle with the capers, and roll up like a jellyroll.nRefrigerate for 1 hour to firm, then cut into 12inch slices. Place each pinwheel atop a cucumber round to serve., ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 8 ounces sliced smoked salmon we recommend Nova, but you make use the saltier lox, 2 tablespoons small capers, drained, 1 seedless cucumber, with peel, sliced into rounds the size of crackers], title: Smoked Salmon Pinwheels, picturelink: null}, 54851: {instructions: To make the vinaigrette, place all the ingredients in a jar. Cover and shake well. You should have about 12 cup vinaigrette. Refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [14 cup fresh grapefruit juice, 14 cup walnut oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grapefruit Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 54852: {instructions: Place 12 pound butter into hot skillet. Place cubed chicken in skillet and cook until golden brown.nIn another skillet place, blanched green beans with 12 pound butter to heat up. Add mushrooms to another skillet and cook until soft.nOnce the chicken is golden in color, add the cider to pan. We let the cider reduce to give the chicken an apple flavor. The butter and cider will begin to form a coating of caramel on the chicken. When the sauce is reduced to a glaze, add the cream, and a little salt, and pepper. The secret is to add the nutmeg at the end for a special flavor.nTo serve: Place chicken on plate with sauce. Slice apple and create a fan and place on plate for decoration. Finally add mushrooms and green beans next to chicken, and place a little tomato for color, and parsley., ingredients: [12 pound butter, plus 14 pound and 14 pound, 1 whole chicken, deboned and cut into 1inch cubes, 12 pound blanched French green beans, 1 cup apple cider, 1 pound mushrooms, 1 pint heavy cream, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 apple, Salt and pepper, Tomato, as a garnish, Parsley, as a garnish], title: Cream Apple Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54853: {instructions: Put the strawberries in a serving dish and garnish with the mint. Put the sugar and sour cream in two separate small dishes or ramekins. Serve. To eat, dip the strawberries first in the sugar and then into the sour cream., ingredients: [12 to 1 cup ripe strawberries, rinsed, stems intact, 1 sprig fresh mint, 2 to 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 13 cup sour cream or creme fraiche], title: Dipped Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 54854: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil, add the noodles, and boil until cooked through but not mushy. Drain well and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees and butter an 8 by 8inch baking dish.nIn a large bowl, whisk the eggs until frothy. Whisk in the cheese, brown sugar, sour cream, milk, salt, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg and apple juice concentrate. Add the drained noodles, butter pieces and lingonberry preserves and mix. Pour into the prepared pan, sprinkle with cinnamon sugar, and bake until the pudding is set and butter is bubbling around the edges, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool 10 minutes before serving. Serve warm or at room temperature, cut into squares and top with a dollop of sour cream, if desired., ingredients: [8 ounces mediumwide egg noodles, 3 large eggs, 8 ounces farmer cheese, pot cheese, or cottage cheese, crumbled, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 pinch cinnamon, 1 pinch nutmeg, 14 cup apple juice concentrate, thawed, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, cold and cut into pieces, 34 cup lingonberry preserves, or cranberry sauce, 1 12 teaspoons sugar mixed with 1 pinch cinnamon, Sour cream, for serving optional], title: Noodle Pudding with Farmer Cheese and Lingonberries, picturelink: 6TqRFWpMRADRcSmSYBzqZ9F4dgjpclK}, 54855: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water with a splash of oil to keep it from sticking together. Boil for 12 minutes, or according to the directions on the package. Drain well and allow to cool. Place the pasta in a bowl and add the tomatoes, olives, mozzarella, and chopped sundried tomatoes.nFor the dressing, combine the sundried tomatoes, vinegar, olive oil, garlic, capers, salt, and pepper in a food processor until almost smooth.nPour the dressing over the pasta, sprinkle with the Parmesan and basil, and toss well., ingredients: [12 pound fusilli spirals pasta, Kosher salt, Olive oil, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, mediumdiced, 34 cup good black olives, such as kalamata, pitted and diced, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, mediumdiced, 6 sundried tomatoes in oil, drained and chopped, 5 sundried tomatoes in oil, drained, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 6 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 garlic clove, diced, 1 teaspoon capers, drained, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 cup packed basil leaves, julienned], title: Pasta with SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: lkF8nOT4VZmIwKobv3007iOzd1kyO5e}, 54856: {instructions: Peel potatoes and cut into 1inch pieces. In a 4 quart saucepan boil potatoes, garlic, and water, skimming froth, until potatoes are very tender, about 15 minutes.nSet broiler rack about 1inch from heat and preheat broiler.nWhile potatoes are boiling, in a bowl, sprinkle bread with oil and salt to taste and toss. On a baking sheet arrange bread in one layer as close together as possible and sprinkle with half of Parmesan. Broil bread until Parmesan is melted, about 1 minute.nTransfer potatoes with a slotted spoon to a bowl, reserving cooking liquid in pan, and with a potato masher mash coarse. Stir potatoes and broccoli rabe into reserved cooking liquid and simmer, partially covered, stirring occasionally, until broccoli is tender, about five minutes. Stir in remaining Parmesan and salt and pepper to taste.nServe soup with croutons., ingredients: [1 34 pounds boiling potatoes, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 7 cups water, 2 cups 12inch cubes Italian bread, toasted lightly, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 pound broccoli rabe, coarse stems discarded, cut into 1inch florets and remaining stems], title: Broccoli Rabe Potato Soup with Parmesan Croutons, picturelink: null}, 54857: {instructions: Place the dinner rolls in a large, lightly buttered baking dish, allowing a little space between the rolls. Cover with a dish towel or cloth napkin and set aside in a warm place to rise for at least 2 to 3 hours.nWhen risen, the rolls should be poufy and soft. Remelt the butter, and then lightly brush the butter onto the rolls and sprinkle with a little sea salt.nBake as instructions on the packet  usually 400 degrees F for 15 to 20 minutes. Dont be alarmed if you pull them out of the oven and theyve risen way over the surface of the pan. Within a minute or two, theyll calm right down.nThen you can dig right in, ingredients: [Melted butter, 15 frozen, unbaked, unrisen dinner rolls, Coarse sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Buttered Dinner Rolls, picturelink: null}, 54858: {instructions: In large saute pan, saute ham, onions, peppers, and garlic. Add tomato paste and caramelize. Add parsley, nutmeg, and heavy cream. Sprinkle with 12 the flour.nSeason, cool, and grind in meat grinder. Shape into finger sized sticks or patties. Bread using remaining flour, egg, and cracker meal.nHeat a saute pan filled 1inch with canola oil to 375 degrees F. Fry the croquettes until golden brown., ingredients: [3 pounds cooking ham, large dice, 1 white onion, large dice, 2 red peppers, large dice, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 bunch parsley, chopped, 12 teaspoon fresh grated nutmeg, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup flour, plus 12 cup, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs lightly beaten, 2 cups cracker meal, Canola oil, for frying], title: Croquetas de Jamon: Ham Croquettes, picturelink: null}, 54859: {instructions: Place the jicama in a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Remove to a medium bowl. Stir in the cucumber, onion, pepper, gin, oil, sugar, lime juice and zest. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour or overnight. Serve with tortilla chips.nCopyright 2013 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reservednFrom Food Network Kitchens, ingredients: [1 jicama, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks about 1 pound, 1 English cucumber, cut into 14inch dice about 12 ounces, 1 medium red onion, finely diced about 23 cup, 1 Fresno pepper, finely diced, 14 cup gin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Juice and zest of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tortilla chips for serving], title: Cucumber Jicama Gimlet Salsa, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 54860: {instructions: Mix 1 12 teaspoons salt, the sugar, chile powder, cumin, coriander, lime zest and garlic in a small bowl set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and brush a rimmed baking sheet lightly with vegetable oil. Whisk the egg white in a large bowl until frothy. Add the cashews, pecans and mini pretzels. Sprinkle with the prepared spice blend and toss to coat. Spread the nut mixture evenly on the baking sheet and bake, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes let cool on the baking sheet.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 to 3 teaspoons chipotle chile powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon grated lime zest, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, Vegetable oil, for brushing, 1 large egg white, 2 cups raw unsalted cashews, 2 cups raw unsalted pecans, 1 12 cups mini pretzels], title: ChipotleSpiced Cashews and Pecans with Pretzels, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 54861: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPuree all of the sorbet ingredients in a blender until smooth and refrigerate for 1 hour. Add the mixture to an ice cream machine and run until slushy. Freeze until solid. Serve with Coconut Whipped Cream, shredded coconut, cherries and cocktail umbrella in coconut shells.nAdd the whipping cream to a chilled bowl and begin whipping with an electric mixer. Add the remaining ingredients and whip until soft peaks form. Serve on top of sorbet., ingredients: [2 cups pineapple juice, 1 15ounce can cream of coconut, 1 20ounce can pineapple bits, in juice, undrained, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, Coconut Whipped Cream, for garnish, recipe follows, Shredded coconut, for garnish, Maraschino cherries, for garnish, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, chilled, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon coconut extract, 2 tablespoons dark rum], title: Pina Colada Sorbet, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 54862: {instructions: Mix the cornbread batter according to the recipe on the box. Stir in the green chiles and half of the Cheddar. Pour the cornbread mixture into a greased baking dish or Dutch oven and bake the cornbread according to package directions until golden brown. Remove from the oven and sprinkle immediately with the remaining Cheddar. Let rest 5 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 box your favorite cornbread mix, 1 green chile, roasted, skinned, seeded and diced, 1 cup grated Cheddar], title: Green Chile and Cheddar Cornbread, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 54863: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 360 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch baking pan.nAdd flour, sugar, baking powder, orange zest, orange juice, eggs, milk, and oil. Beat with a hand mixer until thoroughly mixed together, about 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the batter to the buttered pan and bake for about 25 minutes. Test the cake with a toothpick inserted into the center. If it comes out clean, the cake is done.nLet cool for about 30 minutes on the counter, then flip the cake out of the baking pan. Slice and serve sprinkled with powdered sugar., ingredients: [Butter, for pan, 1 12 cups250 g allpurpose flour, 1 cup200 g sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 3 large eggs, 12 cup warm whole milk, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, Powdered sugar, for topping], title: Schiacciata Alla Fiorentina, picturelink: null}, 54864: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a pot of water on to boil for macaroni.nHeat a medium pan over medium to medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and chicken and season with salt and pepper. Saute a couple of minutes then add onion and cook another 5 to 7 minutes until onions are tender and chicken is cooked through. Turn off heat and reserve.nTo boiling pasta water, add pasta and salt to season the cooking water. Cook 5 minutes, then add broccoli and cook 3 minutes more or until pasta is cooked to al dente and florets are just tender.nWhile pasta cooks, heat a medium sauce pot over medium heat. Add butter and melt, then add flour, cayenne and paprika and whisk together over heat until roux bubbles then cook a minute more. Whisk in milk and stock and raise heat a little to bring sauce to a quick boil. Simmer sauce to thicken about 5 minutes.nDrain macaroni or pasta and broccoli florets. Add back to pot and add chicken to the pasta and broccoli.nAdd cheese to milk sauce and stir to melt it in, about a minute or so. Stir in mustard and season sauce with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over chicken and broccoli and cooked pasta and stir to combine. Adjust seasonings, transfer to a large serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 pound chicken breast tenders, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 pound macaroni elbows or cavatapi corkscrew shaped pasta twists, 2 12 cups raw broccoli florets, available packaged in produce department, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 cups whole milk, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 cups yellow sharp Cheddar, 1 tablespoon prepared Dijon mustard], title: Mac and Cheddar Cheese with Chicken and Broccoli, picturelink: LEmfnYLP21P6XdBkmuWw2lKUDnZqiZO}, 54865: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inch square pan with a piece of aluminum foil about 17 inches long, leaving a 2inch overhang on each side. Lightly coat the bottom and sides of the lined pan with cooking spray.nMelt half the butter 4 tablespoons in a medium bowl in the microwave, about 45 seconds. Set aside 1 cup of the cake mix, and add the remaining mix to the melted butter. Add the egg and 1 tablespoon water, and mix with a spatula until well blended. Let stand a few minutes until the mixture is no longer tacky to the touch. Pat the dough in an even layer in the pan. Bake until the edges are lightly set to the touch and the crust is lightly browned all over, about 20 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining butter in a medium bowl in the microwave, about 45 seconds. Add the reserved cake mix, oats and cinnamon, and mix with a fork until crumbly.nSpread the apple butter over the cooled crust, spreading it to the edges. Scatter the crumb mixture over the apple butter. Return the pan to the oven and continue to bake until the crumbs are golden brown and firm, about 30 minutes more. Cool completely in the pan.nUsing the foil overhang, lift the bars out of the pan and peel the foil away from the edges. Dust with confectioners sugar, and cut into 16 bars., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 box yellow cake mix for two 9inch rounds, 1 large egg, 1 cup apple butter, 12 cup unsweetened instant or quickcooking oats, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: AppleCinnamon Crumble Bars, picturelink: jdtH8x61M36Z9DYkPHamC1IQVP921S}, 54866: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, toss together the chicken, celery, scallions and herbs. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon juice, mustard, salt and pepper to taste. Add to the chicken and mix gently until combined. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPut the parsley, thyme, onion, carrot, celery, and chicken breasts in a medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken for 20 minutes or until firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the heat, uncover, cool the chicken in the liquid for 30 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a cutting board and reserve the liquid. Bone and skin the chicken and cut the meat into 1 inch cubes. Discard the bones and skin.nStrain the broth and store, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days or freeze for later use. Remove any fat from the surface of the broth before using., ingredients: [4 cups diced poached chicken, recipe follows, 1 stalk celery, cut into 14inch dice, 4 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced or 14 cup sweet onion cut into 14inch dice, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon or fresh dill, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley, 1 cup prepared or homemade mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons strained freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 10 sprigs parsley, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 small onion, halved, 1 small carrot, halved, 1 stalk celery, halved, 3 pounds chicken breasts halves, on the bone and fat trimmed, 5 to 6 cups chicken broth, homemade or lowsodium canned], title: Chicken Salad, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 54867: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo cook the lobsters:nFill a large pot with water and season it generously with salt. Squeeze the lemons into the water and drop them in and toss in the garlic, thyme bundle and bay leaves. Bring the water to a boil and drop the lobsters in. Cover and cook for 11 minutes. Remove the lobsters from the pot and let cool.nRemove the lobster claws, knuckles and tails from the shells and coarsely chop.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the chopped lobster, 12 cup of mayo, celery, chives and lemon juice. Mix together and season with celery salt. Add remaining 14 cup of mayo if you like the mix a little creamier this is traditionally a very low mayo type deal. Taste to make sure the lobster is delicious and reserve.nToss the butter and garlic into a large saute pan and melt the butter. When the butter is melted, bubbly and very garlicky smelling, remove the garlic clove and discard it. Add the hot dog rolls to the pan and cook in the garlic butter on both sides until the butter is absorbed and the rolls and crispy on both sides.nDivide the reserved lobster between the 4 buttered rolls and serve immediately., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 12 lemons, 1 head garlic, split horizontally, 1 thyme bundle, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 1 12pound lobsters, 12 to 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 celery rib, cut into 14 inch dice, 12 bunch of chives, finely chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, Celery salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick of unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 4 top split hot dog rolls], title: Lobster Rolls, picturelink: NLKfzIlbknzb4GOs0lVsDzHsn0LoOy}, 54868: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse a half sheet of nori dried seaweed into fine flakes combine with 1 tablespoon each granulated orange peel from the spice aisle and ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons each dried minced garlic, sesame seeds, poppy seeds and flaky salt, and 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [], title: Shichimi Togarashi, picturelink: gXrMxaQ5TGY4HyW04MLIM5Rpe8GGtbe}, 54869: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the eggs, beer, mustard, chili powder, 1 tablespoon salt and sugar in a medium bowl and mix until smooth. Add the flour and continue mixing until it is a little thinner than pancake batter.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough vegetable oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 375 degrees F. Dredge the fish pieces in flour and then into the batter and fry until golden brown. Remove from the oil to a paper towel lined plate and sprinkle with salt.nHeat the olive oil in a large saute pan and warm the tortillas. Spread each tortilla with a tablespoon of Chipotle Mayonnaise and arrange a piece of fried fish on top. Add some shredded cabbage to each tortilla and serve.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nMix the mayonnaise, lime juice, cilantro and chipotle chili puree together in a medium bowl, add the salt and mix again. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [3 eggs, well beaten, 8 ounces dark beer recommended: Modelo Negra, 2 teaspoons dry mustard recommended: Colmans, 1 tablespoon red chili powder, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for dredging, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 12 pounds codfish, cut into serving pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 white corn tortillas, Chipotle Mayonnaise, recipe follows, Shredded cabbage, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 12 tablespoons chipotle chili puree, Pinch kosher salt], title: La Fondita Fish Tacos, picturelink: odYJpE0Z2t9I2rLjTMituMxEHTzrwO}, 54870: {instructions: Place the chicken cubes in a shallow dish. Whisk together the lemon juice, wine, olive oil, oregano, salt, if using, and white pepper. Pour over the chicken. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSpread the potatoes in a shallow roasting pan. Roast for 15 minutes. Add the chicken with its marinade. Cover with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Uncover, stir the potatochicken mixture, and continue to bake for another 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand for 5 minutes before dividing among 4 heated dinner plates. Serve with a Vegetable Stack alongside.nPlace the carrot slices and squash strips in a vegetable steamer over simmering water. Cover and steam for 2 minutes. Add the snow peas to the steamer and continue to steam for another 1 to 2 minutes, until all the vegetables are crisptender.nDivide the snow peas among the 4 dinner plates, arranging closely together lengthwise to form a flat base. Arrange the carrot slices on top of the snow peas and top with the strips of squash in the same direction as the snow peas. Serve hot., ingredients: [Four 5ounce skinless chicken breast halves, trimmed of all visible fat and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 teaspoons crushed dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, optional, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 4 small Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch cubes, Vegetable Stacks, recipe follows, 1 large carrot, peeled and sliced thinly on the diagonal, 2 small yellow summer squash, trimmed and sliced in thin julienne strips the same length as the snow peas, 12 pound fresh snow peas, trimmed], title: LemonOregano Chicken with Vegetable Stacks, picturelink: null}, 54871: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSlice roast open lengthwise in middle to create a pocket, being careful to not slice all the way through.nSalt and pepper the meat on all sides.nHeat a grill pan over high heat and brush roast with olive oil. Sear the roast on all sides. Remove from the heat, tent with foil and allow to rest for 15 minutes.nAfter the meat has rested, stuff pocket with the blue cheese. Tie the whole thing together with kitchen string. Return the tied meat to the grill pan, place into the oven and cook until it reaches an internal temperature of 125 degrees F, approximately 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven, wrap in aluminum foil and allow to rest 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Head roast of tenderloin, approximately 1 to 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 3 ounces blue cheese], title: Stuffed Tenderloin, picturelink: lBjvZz5FIuUtfGuy7IWsSGXRc1MxyI6}, 54872: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees FnBring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Add the potatoes and cook until the potatoes are just tender but not fully cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the potatoes from the water and place on a towel to dry and cool. Once the potatoes have cooled enough to touch, slice them into 14 inch slices.nMeanwhile, cook the pancetta in a nonstick pan over medium heat until most of the fat has rendered out and crispy. Drain on a paper towel lined plate.nDust a flat surface with flour and roll out the pizza dough until it is 14 of an inch thick.nPlace the sliced potatoes on top of the pizza dough so that the entire surface is covered, drizzle olive oil over the top of the potatoes and place in the oven. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes until the potatoes start to brown.nRemove the pizza from the oven and sprinkle with the cooked pancetta, red bell peppers, red pepper flakes and both cheeses. Place the pizza back in the oven and cook for about 7 more minutes until all of the cheese has melted and the top of the pizza begins to brown.nRemove the pizza from the oven and garnish with cracked black pepper and chopped basil.nLet the pizza sit for a couple of minutes before cutting, drizzle with lime juice and sprinkle with lime zest. Cut and serve., ingredients: [4 cups Yukon Gold potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 Storebought pizza dough, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus some for brushing, 12 cup flour for bench flour, 34 cup corn meal for dusting, 1 pound pancetta, diced, 1 cup roasted red bell peppers, julienned, 12 pound taleggio cheese, sliced, 14 cup grated parmesan, Pepper, Basil for garnish, Juice of 12 lime and zest of same], title: Potato and Pancetta, Pizza, picturelink: A6NNRjF2RbMBZg24auOuXFNvcGSKmdm}, 54873: {instructions: To make the tiramisu filling: In the bowl of a tabletop mixer, with whip attachment, beat cream and sugar until fluffy and soft peaks form. Reserve 1 cup and refrigerate to use later as garnish. Add cheese to remaining cream on low speed, gradually increasing to high speed for 30 seconds or until thoroughly incorporated. Whisk yolk in bowl over pot of simmering water until warm and pale yellow in color. Add the Marsala and vanilla. Cover and refrigerate until ready to assemble.nTo make the coffee syrup: In a medium sauce pot combine all ingredients except Marsala and vanilla. Reduce syrup to 1 cup. Let cool. Add Marsala and vanilla, to taste.nTo assemble: Break the ladyfingers in half and dip into coffee syrup. Count 5 seconds and remove from liquid to drain on baking tray. Repeat until all cookies have been dipped. Place 2 pieces of soaked ladyfingers into sides of 2ounce Sherry glasses. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of syrup over ladyfingers and let absorb. Spoon tiramisu cream filling into each glass. Sprinkle tops with cocoa powder. Garnish with dollops of whipped cream and chocolate shavings. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 14 cup granulated sugar, 10 ounces mascarpone cheese, 1 egg yolk, 1 12 tablespoons sweet Marsala, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup instant espresso powder, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon coffee extract, 1 12 cups water, 14 cup sweet Marsala, Vanilla extract, 6 Italian lady fingers, 3 tablespoons cocoa powder, Chocolate shavings], title: Tiramisu Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 54874: {instructions: Muddle 8 mint leaves with 2 teaspoons sugar in a cocktail shaker. Add 4 canned lychees, 14 cup syrup from the can, 3 ounces vodka and a squeeze of lime juice shake with ice. Strain into 2 icefilled glasses top with seltzer. Repeat to make more drinks. Garnish with mint and lime.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: LycheeMint Spritzers, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 54875: {instructions: Place dry mushrooms in a heatproof bowl and pour boiling broth over them. Let stand to soften, about 30 minutes. Line a small strainer with a coffee filter and strain mushroom liquid through filter and into a bowl or measuring cup. Squeeze mushrooms to extract any excess liquid, straining into a container to reserve liquid. Rinse reconstituted dried mushrooms to remove any grit, pat dry with paper towels and finely chop.nIn a large skillet, heat a tablespoon olive oil and a tablespoon of butter over mediumhigh heat. Season pork on all sides with salt and pepper. Add it to pan and sear, turning it to brown on all sides, 34 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, cover and cook until mediumrare and internal temperature is 145150 degrees F, 1012 minutes. Transfer to a warmed platter and loosely cover with foil to keep warm.nHeat a half tablespoon olive oil and half tablespoon of butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add shiitakes and cook until they release their juices and are tender and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, remove from heat and set aside. Heat remaining half tablespoon olive oil and half tablespoon of butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add shallot and cook until softened, about 5 minutes.nAdd wine, reserved mushroom liquid and chopped figs, bring to a boil and reduce by half. Add wine reduction to skillet used to cook pork. Bring to a boil, scraping the pan with a wooden spoon to remove any brown bits. Stir in thyme and demiglace, if desired. Add chopped porcini mushrooms. Remove pan from heat and swirl in the remaining tablespoon butter. Salt and pepper to taste. Cut pork into 1inch thick medallions and return them to pan to heat through. Briefly return pan with mushrooms to heat to warm. Divide the medallions among four dinner plates. Spoon fig and mushroom sauce on top of medallions and top each portion with a spoonful of shiitakes., ingredients: [12oz. dry porcini mushrooms, 1 cup boiling lowsodium chicken broth or water, 2 Tbs. olive oil, 3 Tbs. unsalted butter, 12lb. shiitake mushrooms, wiped clean and tough stems removed, kosher salt, freshly ground black pepper, 2 pork tenderloins, trimmed of fat and silver skin, about 112 lbs., 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup red wine, 3 dried figs, stemmed and finely chopped, 1 Tbs. finely chopped fresh thyme or 1 tsp. dried thyme, 1 Tbs. veal, duck, or beef demiglace, optional], title: Pork Tenderloin with Dried Fig and Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54876: {instructions: Combine the cheese, mayonnaise and onions in a bowl. Stir until well combined. Add the pimentos and hot sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with crackers and celery sticks.nMaking ahead: The prepared cheese filling can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 pound freshly grated extrasharp Cheddar about 4 cups, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 sweet onion, grated, One 4ounce jar pimentos, drained and finely chopped, Dash of hot sauce, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crackers, for serving, Celery sticks, for serving], title: Pimento Cheese, picturelink: .S2It3xg7LGsk8J19vp7a09OH5hquPC}, 54877: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Toss the mushrooms, onion, half of the tomatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the rosemary, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper on a rimmed baking sheet. Roast until the vegetables are tender, about 15 minutes. Slice the mushrooms.nMeanwhile, combine half of the chickpeas in a medium bowl with 1 tablespoon each olive oil and balsamic vinegar and smash with a fork. Season with salt and pepper. Spread on the lavash and top with the muenster and parmesan.nDrain any liquid from the vegetables arrange lengthwise down the center of the lavash. Top each with 1 cup arugula, then roll up, starting with a long side. Arrange on a baking sheet bake until toasted and the cheese melts, 5 minutes.nWhisk the remaining 1 12 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar in a large bowl. Add the remaining tomatoes, chickpeas and arugula season with salt and pepper and toss. Slice the wraps into quarters. Serve with the salad.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 portobello mushroom caps, 1 small red onion, halved and sliced, 6 Campari or other small vineripened tomatoes, quartered, 3 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 pieces lavash or other flatbread, 4 slices reducedfat muenster cheese about 2 ounces, torn, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 1 5ounce package baby arugula about 8 cups], title: PortobelloChickpea Wraps, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 54878: {instructions: Put 78 of the sugar in saucepan with the water. Bring to a boil. Cook until dark in color, about 4 to 5 minutes. Pour immediately into a 4cup souffle dish. Set aside. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Mix coffee, milk, cream, and vanilla into saucepan. Bring to just a boil, stirring frequently. Remove from heat. Set aside. In a bowl, whisk eggs and egg yolks with remaining sugar until creamy. Whisk in hot milk mixture. Place on top of the caramel in the souffle dish. Cover with aluminum foil. Put souffle into a pan and fill the pan with enough water to come half way up sides of the dish. Bake until set, about 40 to 45 minutes.nTo turn out, run knife around edge of dish to loosen. Cover with serving plate, hold tightly and invert., ingredients: [1 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons water, 12 cup strongly brewed Kona coffee, 1 23 cups milk, 13 cup cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 5 large eggs, 2 egg yolks], title: World Class Kona Coffee Custard, picturelink: null}, 54879: {instructions: Put the chicken pieces into a large bowl. Cover the chicken with water by 1inch add 1 tablespoon of salt for each quart of water used. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nIn a large shallow platter, mix the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, and cayenne until well blended season generously with salt and pepper. In another platter combine the buttermilk and hot sauce season with salt and pepper.nDrain the chicken and pat it dry. Dredge the pieces, a few at a time, in the flour mixture, then dip them into the buttermilk dredge them again in the seasoned flour. Set aside and let the chicken rest while you heat the oil.nPut about 3 inches of oil into a large deep pot it should not come up more than half way. Bring the oil up to 375 degrees F over medium high heat. Working in batches, carefully add the chicken pieces 3 or 4 at a time. Fry, turning the pieces once, until golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oil and place on a rack to drain repeat with the remaining pieces., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound chicken, cut up into 10 pieces, Kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons hot chili sauce, such as Srirachi Hot Chili Sauce, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 54880: {instructions: Cooks Note: This recipe has been scaled down from its original version so that it can more easily made.nThe most important thing is to use the right equipment and I would suggest the following: a 2gallon cast iron Dutch oven, a high BTU gas stove, and a large stainless steel chefs spoon.nUse high heat to preheat the Dutch oven and add the sausage. Using a chefs spoon or large spoon, constantly move the sausage from the bottom of the pot. Be careful not to burn the meat. Normally I use Mandas sausage because it has little fat, however at this point you may want to drain off all of the excess grease to reduce the fat content from the dish.nAdd the thigh meat and brown the chicken on all sides. Again use the spoon to scrape the meat from sticking and burning to the bottom of the pot. Browning the sausage and chicken meats should take 20 minutes. Be careful not to over cook the thigh meat to the point that it shreds.nLower the heat to medium and add the onions and garlic saute for about 15 minutes or until the onions are very limp and clear. Scrape the bottom of the pot to remove all the graton. This is where the jambalaya gets its distinct brown color and taste.nAdd the tasso, thyme, basil and black and white pepper. Simmer over low heat for 10 minutes. This will give the seasonings time to release their oils and flavors.nAt this point the jambalaya concentrate can be transferred to smaller containers, cooled to room temperature, covered and refrigerated for future use. This is what we do commercially it allows the seasonings to marry.nWhen you are ready to cook the jambalaya, add the stock to the concentrate and bring to a rolling boil. Add the rice, reduce the heat to medium and gently break up the rice. Using the stainless steel paddle, continue to insure that the rice is not sticking to the bottom of the pot this is very importantnAfter about 5 minutes, fold in the parsley. Continue to scrape the pot to insure that no rice sticks to the bottom. When the jambalaya returns to a boil, reduce heat to the lowest possible setting and simmer, covered, for at least 25 minutes. Do not remove the cover while the rice is steaming.nIf Mandas brand sausage is not available, any lean smoked sausage can be substituted. You may have to remove any excess grease from the pot after frying down an unknown sausage.nFor a richer jambalaya substitute turkey stock for the chicken stock called for above.nIf no stocks are available, then chicken soup base can be used. Be careful with your seasoning, as bases are usually full of salt.nAlternate Method: .nThe jambalaya is best when served directly out of the cast iron pot. While the rice is steaming, the sausage and meat will have a tendency to float to the surface of the jambalaya. Therefore, after the rice has steamed for 25 minutes, use the paddle to gently fold in the meat and seasonings into the cooked rice. This should only be done once or twice, the rice will loose a lot of heat and the rice will break apart.nAlso note, I do not add salt to my jambalaya. This is because I like to use herbs, tasso and seasonings to satisfy the need for salt. I would suggest having the table set with salt shakers and a selection of hot pepper sauces.nPlate Presentation: ., ingredients: [2 pounds mild smoked pork sausage, or any lean highquality smoked pork sausage, sliced 14inch thick, 2 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken thigh meat, 1 12 pounds onions, diced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh garlic, 1 pound tasso, cubed, 34 tablespoon whole fresh thyme leaves, 34 tablespoon chopped fresh sweet basil leaves, 12 tablespoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon white pepper, 12 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 13 gallon chicken stock, 1 14 pounds longgrain rice, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped curly parsley leaves], title: Cajun Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya, picturelink: 9EtkHDQGK1P9ObkxC9295N39W59s9.}, 54881: {instructions: In a small sauce pan, add 1 cup dashi with the tamari and honey. Bring to a simmer and braise the maitakes for 2 minutes only. Pull off heat and let stand. In another sauce pan, whisk together the remaining 4 cups of dashi with the miso and ginger. Bring to a simmer over medium heat for 5 minutes. Remove ginger and keep hot.nPlating: In 4 warmed soup bowls, place a slice of tofu and top with strained maitakes. Ladle soup on top and garnish with scallions.nBeverage: Green Tea, ingredients: [5 cups dashi, 2 cups maitake mushrooms, prepped, 1 teaspoon tamari, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 cup organic miso yellow, shinshumiso, 2 slices peeled ginger, 1 tablespoon sliced green scallions, 4 14inch slices of soft tofu], title: Maitake Miso Soup, picturelink: null}, 54882: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together flour and salt and with a pastry blender or fingertips blend in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing with a fork to incorporate, until mixture begins to form a dough. On a work surface smear dough in 3 or 4 forward motions with heel of hand to slightly develop gluten in flour and make dough easier to work with. Form dough into a ball and flatten to form a disk. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill 1 hour. Pastry dough may be made 1 week ahead and chilled.nMakes enough dough for a singlecrust 12inch tart.nIn a large heavy skillet cook onions with salt to taste in oil, covered, over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 20 minutes. Remove lid and cook onions, stirring occasionally, until golden and any liquid evaporates. Remove skillet from heat to cool onions slightly.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface with a floured rolling pin roll dough into a 14inch round about 18 inch thick. Fold round in half and transfer to a 12inch tart pan with a removable fluted rim or a 12inch quiche dish. Unfold dough, easing to fit, and trim overhang to 34 inch. Fold overhang toward center and press against side of pan or dish. Spread onion mixture over dough and top with cheese. Arrange tomato wedges and olives in concentric circles over cheese and season with salt and pepper.nBake tart in middle of oven 1 hour, or until pastry is golden, and cool on a rack. Remove rim of pan if necessary.nServe tart warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 sticks 34 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 6 to 7 tablespoons ice water, 2 large onions about 1 12 pounds, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Butter pastry dough for a singlecrust 12inch tart, recipe follows, 12 pound dry Jack or Gruyere cheese, shredded about 2 cups, 12 pound plum tomatoes cut into 12inch wedges, 12 pound medium yellow tomatoes about 2 or 12 pound plum tomatoes, cut into 12inch wedges, 14 cup Nicoise olives, pitted], title: Tomato and Onion Tart, picturelink: null}, 54883: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, toss together the strawberries, orange juice, and sugar. Let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes, tossing a few times while it rests.nTo make the whipped cream: In a large bowl, whisk the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Add the honey, sugar, and vanilla. Continue to whisk until medium stiff peaks form.nRemove the strawberries from the bowl with a slotted spoon and add to the whipped cream. With a rubber spatula, gently fold the strawberries into the whipped cream. Pour into a serving glass or dish and serve with graham crackers, either crumbled over the top or use them as a scoop., ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, hulled and sliced, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, have very cold or in ice bath, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 cinnamon graham crackers, broken into planks], title: Sunnys Strawberry Fool, picturelink: 3qeNYgL5aylbXW.s0V5h5O5jEMmqe}, 54884: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Arrange the sweet potatoes and garlic in a shallow flameproof baking dish large enough to hold them in a single layer. Add just enough water to cover the vegetables. Bring the water to a boil over medium high heat and simmer for 2 minutes. Drain in a colander. In a baking dish, combine the oil and butter and melt the butter over medium heat. Remove from the heat, add the potatoes and garlic, rosemary, and salt and pepper to taste and toss to coat. Spread the potatoes in a single layer and roast on the lowest rack of the oven, turning them occasionally, for 25 to 30 minutes, or until golden brown. Transfer to a heated serving bowl and serve at once., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sweet potatoes 4 medium, peeled and cut into 12inch thick slices, 6 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, or 1 teaspoon dried, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Garlic with Rosemary, picturelink: null}, 54885: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the garlic, bay leaf, carrot, celery, onion and oil in a medium skillet and cook, covered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are softened, about 10 minutes. Push the vegetables to the perimeter of the pan and add the lamb. Increase the heat to high and cook, breaking the meat up with a wooden spoon, until browned all over. Sprinkle with the mustard, 1 teaspoon of the salt and some pepper. Stir until fragrant, 1 minute, then add the tomato paste, fennel seeds and tomato puree and stir again. Cook for 1 minute more. Turn off the heat and stir in the mint and sage. Remove the bay leaf.nMeanwhile, put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover by 2 inches with salted water. Cover and bring to a boil. Cook until a knife releases easily from the potatoes when pierced in the center, 12 to 15 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water and drain the potatoes. In the same pot, combine the milk, butter, and 12 cup of the cooking water and stir together over high heat. Bring to a boil. Mash the potatoes with a masher, then slowly drizzle the hot liquid over the potatoes and stir until light and fluffy. Taste and season with 14 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste.nSpoon the lamb mixture into the bottom of an 8inch deepdish pie plate, spreading it evenly over the bottom. Spoon the mashed potatoes over the top, covering completely. Use the back of a spoon or an offset spatula to create a swirled pattern in the potatoes. Bake until the topping turns golden in spots, about 30 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 yellow onion, finely diced 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 12 cup canned tomato puree, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh sage, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into quarters, or 2 12 cups cooked mashed potatoes, 12 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Lamb Shepherds Pie, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 54886: {instructions: Every kid loves pizza. So dont just sit back and wait for mom and dad to order one. Use the vegetables from your garden to create your own pizza right at home. Just follow the simple steps below, and make any night Pizza Nightn1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Spray board or counter with nonstick cooking spray.n3. Roll pizza dough into a 12inch circle and place onto a sprayed 12inch pizza pan. Build edges up slightly.n4. Bake crust for 10  12 minutes and set aside.n5. In a large skillet, saute chopped veggies, onion and garlic in olive oil for about 5 minutes. Spoon mixture onto prebaked crust.n6. Sprinkle pizza with Italian seasoning, oregano, salt and pepper. Top with tomato slices and cheese.n7. Bake at 350 degrees F for an additional 10  12 minutes or until cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 can 10 oz. refrigerated pizza crust, 3 cups chopped vegetables from your garden like 1 cup, zucchini, 1 cup sweet red pepper and 1 cup yellow squash, 4 tbsp. chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tbsp. olive oil, 14 tsp. Italian seasoning, 14 tsp. oregano, 14 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. pepper, 1 large tomato, thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh cheese], title: Pete Za Pie, picturelink: A3vU6KdkuqpKqbvOVUyLI9vf8e8YRq}, 54887: {instructions: In a large pot, place the peaches, vanilla bean, and bouquet garni cinnamon, star anise, peels and lemon balm. Add the citrus juices, spring water, and cranberry juice and bring to a boil.nSimmer 10 minutes. Remove vanilla bean, star anise, cinnamon, and lemon balm and puree. Add the champagne then season with simple syrup, to taste. Chill for 1 hour before serving.nIn a small saucepan, over medium heat, stir until sugar is completely dissolved. Remove from heat and cool. Pour into a clean bottle and store in refrigerator.nAt least 3 hours and up to 7 days before serving, remove the grapes from their stems and place in the freezer. When ready to serve, whisk the egg whites with the lemon juice in a large bowl until frothy. Put the sugar in another bowl.nDrop the grapes into the bowl of egg whites, then pour the contents of the bowl through a strainer to drain the liquid. Dump the grapes onto a paper towel and roll them around until most of the excess egg white has been absorbed. Working in batches, add the grapes to the sugar and shake them around to coat. Shake off any excess. Transfer to serving glasses and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 cups pitted peaches, 1 vanilla bean, split, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons star anise, 1 orange, peel and juice, 12 lemon, peel and juice, 12 lime, peel and juice, 2 tablespoons lemon balm, lemon verbena or lemon grass, 1 cup noncarbonated spring water, 2 cups cranberry juice, 12 cup champagne, Simple syrup, to taste, recipe follows, Sugar crusted green grapes, for garnish, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 40 large, unblemished green grapes, 13 cup egg whites from about 2 eggs, 5 drops scant 18 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 cups granulated sugar], title: Peach Soup, picturelink: null}, 54888: {instructions: Arrange cantaloupe slices on a serving platter. Drizzle with honey. Press the grated ginger firmly down into the bowl and then tilt bowl to 1 side to release juices, drizzling ginger juice over cantaloupe. Top with freshly torn mint and serve., ingredients: [12 cantaloupe, sliced into wedges, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely grated into a small bowl, Small handful fresh mint, leaves torn], title: Cantaloupe Salad, picturelink: null}, 54889: {instructions: Peel and dice the mango and puree in the blender. Add the rest of the ingredients and puree until the ice is crushed and the drink is frothy. Serve in tall glasses with additional ice, if desired., ingredients: [2 ripe, sweet mangos, 1 12 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 cups ice 1 tray of ice], title: Mango Lassi, picturelink: yEUtyIKWppFn58Xargi9Qg2bnRe2}, 54890: {instructions: Whisk the condensed milk, halfandhalf, red cream soda, cream and strawberries in a medium bowl. Churn in an ice cream maker. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, at least 2 hours.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 34 cup red cream soda such as Big Red or regular cream soda, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 cup frozen strawberries, thawed and mashed], title: StrawberrySoda Ice Cream, picturelink: QYoejWbesoJK2xlkspJfBpwWdEpPxF.}, 54891: {instructions: Combine the grapefruit juice, vodka and Rosemary Simple Syrup in a cocktail glass. Stir, add ice cubes and stir again. Garnish with a rosemary sprig.nCombine the sugar, rosemary and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Let cool, then remove the rosemary sprig. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 ounces ruby red grapefruit juice, 2 ounces vodka, 1 ounce Rosemary Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 small sprig fresh rosemary, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 1 sprig rosemary], title: Rosemary Greyhound Cocktail, picturelink: Z1wa94iFzexT.dHQ5C7z5tUgD8DdzoO}, 54892: {instructions: Cut asparagus into 1inch pieces reserve tips separately. Cook asparagus stems in 5 to 6 quarts boiling water with 2 tablespoons salt until very tender, 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a colander, reserving cooking water in pot, and rinse under cold water. Drain asparagus well and transfer to a food processor or blender.nCook asparagus tips in same boiling water until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer with slotted spoon to colander, reserving boiling water in pot, and rinse under cold water. Drain tips well.nPuree asparagus stems with zest, oil, and 12 cup asparagus cooking water. Transfer sauce to a 4quart saucepan.nCook pasta in boiling asparagus cooking water for about threefourths of the recommended cooking time very al dente. Reserve 2 cups cooking water and drain pasta.nAdd pasta, asparagus tips, and 12 cup reserved water to asparagus sauce and cook over high heat, stirring, 3 to 5 minutes, or until pasta is almost al dente and sauce coats pasta. Add more cooking water, 14 cup at a time, until sauce coats pasta but is a little loose the cheese will thicken it slightly.nStir in ParmigianoReggiano and salt and pepper, to taste and cook, stirring, until cheese is melted. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound fresh, medium thickness asparagus, tough ends trimmed, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound penne, malfade, or preferred shape, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Pasta with AsparagusLemon Sauce, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 54893: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Butter and flour baking sheet. In a saucepan combine water, butter, cut into pieces and a pinch of salt and bring to a boil over high heat butter should melt just as water boils. Reduce heat to medium and add flour all at once, beating with a wooden spoon until dough pulls away from sides of pan and forms a ball. Transfer dough to bowl of an electric mixer, begin beating on high speed and add 3 eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Batter should be elastic and just stiff enough to hold soft peaks. If batter is still stiff, break fourth egg into a small bowl, whisk well and add just enough of the egg to the batter to thin to proper consistency. Transfer warm dough to a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch tip. Pipe 18 1 12inch puffs at least 2 inches apart on prepared baking sheet. Brush with egg wash, gently smoothing tops of puffs. Bake in upper third of oven for 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 400 degrees F and bake for 15 to 20 minutes more, or until puffed and golden. Remove sheet, turn off oven and piece sides of each puff several times with the tip of a sharp knife. Return sheet to turnedoff oven and let puffs stand 30 minutes, with oven door ajar, to dry. Transfer to racks to cool completely.nSoften ice cream to scooping consistency. Line a baking sheet with waxed paper. Use a small ice cream scoop to scoop out 18 1 12inch ice cream balls. Freeze until solid.nIn a double boiler or in a bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water, melt chocolates with cream and coffee, stirring occasionally, until smooth and warmed through. Add cognac or rum, to taste. Keep warm over warm water until ready to serve.nTo serve, slice puffs in half, fill bottom of each with an icecream ball and replace top. Arrange 3 on each plate and serve immediately. Pass a warm sauceboat of hot fudge sauce for each person to pour over their own dessert., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 stick butter, cut into small pieces, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup flour, 3 to 4 eggs, 1 egg yolk, beaten with 1 teaspoon water, for glaze, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup freshlybrewed strong coffee, Cognac or rum], title: Profiteroles, picturelink: null}, 54894: {instructions: Photograph by Antonis AchilleosnSoak three 3ounce packages ramen noodles in hot water, 5 minutes. Drain pat dry. Toss with 1 tablespoon sesame oil and 1 teaspoon salt. Heat 3 tablespoons peanut oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Spread the noodles in the pan and cook 6 to 8 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels. Top with scallions andor cilantro., ingredients: [3 3ounce packages of ramen noodles, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, scallions andor cilantro], title: Ramen Cake, picturelink: null}, 54895: {instructions: One to three days before serving: Slit the chiles lengthwise and remove the seeds and veins. Tear them into flat pieces. Heat a heavy skillet or griddle pan over medium heat and add 14 cup of the lard. Toast the chiles for 1 or 2 minutes on each side, until toasty and slightly charred but not burned. Be very careful not to burn them. Transfer the chiles to a bowl with a slotted spoon and cover them with warm water. Soak overnight.nIn a large bowl, combine the roasted tomatoes, breaking them up, and the chocolate, also broken up. In a mortar and pestle or a coffee grinder reserved for grinding spices, pulverize the peppercorns, cloves, allspice berries, and cinnamon. Add them to the tomato mixture and set aside.nIn a large heavy skillet, drytoast the sesame seeds to a deep golden color, just 10 or 15 seconds. Add to the tomato mixture and repeat with the coriander seeds. Wipe the skillet which you used to toast the chiles and add the remaining 14 cup lard. Toast the almonds for about 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until browned through. Transfer them to the tomato mixture with a slotted spoon and repeat with the raisins, and then with the onions and garlic, pressing down on the ingredients with the back of the spoon to rid them of excess fat before transferring them to the bowl. If necessary, add a little more lard or oil to the pan and fry the tortillas until golden. Break them up and add them to the bowl, then brown the bread on both sides, tear into large pieces and add to the bowl. Stir the mixture together thoroughly, then place 14 of it in a blender jar with 12 cup of broth. Blend as smooth as possible, scraping down the blender jar. It is best not to add any additional liquid to the mixture try to get it to move through the blades by pulsing on and off and scraping down the sides. Repeat with the remaining mixture, 14 at a time, adding 12 cup of broth to each batch. Strain the mixture through a mediummesh sieve into a clean bowl and set aside. Now puree the drained chiles in the blender with about 12 cup of their soaking water, in 3 batches. Add a little more water if needed, and add the chipotle chile to the last batch. Strain the chile puree through the same sieve into a separate bowl.nIn a very large at least 8 quarts, heavy covered casserole, heat 14 cup of the lard over mediumhigh heat. Add the turkey pieces and brown, in several batches, for about 4 minutes on each side. Remove to a roasting pan and set aside. Pour off the excess fat from the casserole, leaving just a little on the bottom, and return to the heat for a moment to heat up. Add the chile puree to the casserole and cook, scraping the bottom of the pan occasionally, for about 5 minutes. The mixture should be quite dark and thick. Add the other puree and cook for a few more minutes, until it thickens once again. Add 5 cups of the broth, partially cover the pan and cook for 45 minutes over low heat, stirring occasionally. Add the salt and the sugar and, if the sauce is thicker than heavy cream, thin it with a little more broth.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the sauce over the turkey. Cover the pan and roast until the pieces are tender with no trace of pink remaining, about 2 hours. Remove the pan from the oven and spoon the fat off the top or, if serving the following day, ideally let the dish cool to room temperature and refrigerate so the fat will congeal, making it easier to remove. Skin the turkey and cut the meat from the bones, or serve the turkey in large pieces, as desired.nReheat in a 350 degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes if needed, spooning some sauce over the top of the turkey pieces to give them a nice glaze. Scatter some sesame seeds over the top just before serving., ingredients: [16 medium about 8 ounces dried mulato chiles, 5 medium about 2 12 ounces dried ancho chiles, 6 about 2 ounces dried pasilla chiles, 34 cup lard vegetable oil, or more as needed, 12 pound tomatoes, roasted see Note, 2 ounces tablet Mexican cooking chocolate, 10 black peppercorns, 3 whole cloves, 3 whole allspice berries, 3inch cinnamon stick, 14 cup sesame seeds, plus extra for serving, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 13 cup unskinned almonds, 13 cup raisins, 1 small onion, sliced thick, 4 small cloves garlic, 2 corn tortillas, stale or dried out in the oven, 2 thick slices stale French bread, 2 quarts poultry broth, preferably made from a turkey back, neck and giblets, 1 canned chipotle chile, seeded, 2 teaspoons coarse sea salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 turkey leg and thick pieces, cut through the joints], title: Turkey Mole Negro, picturelink: null}, 54896: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut a medium saucepan on the stove over high heat. Put the figs, honey, and water in the pan, stir, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and allow the water to simmer. The honey and natural sugars from the figs should thicken the water. Continue to simmer figs until a sauce is achieved that is thick enough to cover the back of a spoon. When sauce has reached that consistency, remove from heat. Put fig sauce in a refrigeratorsafe container, and allow cooling for at least 20 minutes.nSpread a sheet of puff pastry out on a clean, lightly floured surface. Scoop a small amount of fig sauce on the puff pastry sheet with about 2 inches around the sauce on every side. Put a piece of Brie on top of the sauce. Carefully fold the edges of the puff pastry over the cheese. Squeeze the edges of the pastry together then carefully flip the pastry over, so the smooth surface of the pastry is facing up. Gently take the pastry and put it on a sheet tray lined with parchment paper. Repeat this until all the cheese is used. You should have 8 small stuffed pastries.nWhen all the pastries are on the sheet tray, take a pastry brush, and lightly brush egg whites on the top and sides of each pastry, this will give the pastry a shine when it comes out of the oven. Drizzle a small amount of honey on top of each pastry.nBake the pastries until the puff pastry is a golden brown. This should take about 15 minutes, but keep your eyes on the baking process. When the pastries are golden brown, remove from the oven, and allow them to cool on a cooling rack. Allow them to cool for 35 minutes, then serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup figs, sliced into quarters, 2 tablespoons honey, plus extra to drizzle, 14 cup filtered water, 3 sheets puff pastry, lightly thawed, 1 block Brie cheese, cut evenly into 8 pieces, 2 egg whites, beaten for washing pastries], title: Stuffed Puff Pastry, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 54897: {instructions: In a small saucepan, boil the carrot slices in water until very tender. Drain them then make a puree and reserve it.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, heat the halfandhalf, cream, vanilla, orange rind, and cinnamon stick, whisking occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat and let the flavors infuse for 10 minutes.nWhisk the egg yolks and sugar together. In a thin stream, whisk half of the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the eggcream mixture back into the saucepan containing the rest of the cream mixture. Heat over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees F, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees F it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. If you do not have a thermometer, test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat.nMeanwhile, in a bowl put 2 handfuls of ice cubes in the bottom, and add cold water to cover. Rest a smaller bowl in the ice water. Combine the carrot puree with the custard, mixing well. Pour the cream mixture through a fine sieve or chinois to remove the vanilla bean pieces, orange rind, and cinnamon sticks and into the smaller bowl. Chill 3 hours, then continue according to the directions of your ice cream maker., ingredients: [2 cups carrot slices, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 2 wide strips orange rind, 1 cinnamon stick, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar], title: Carrot and Orange Ice Cream, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 54898: {instructions: Toss the cucumber, feta, vinegar, mint, 1 tablespoon olive oil and a pinch each of salt and pepper in a bowl cover and refrigerate.nMix the turkey, 12 cup hummus, the parsley and coriander in a bowl season generously with pepper. Dampen your hands and shape the mixture into 16 small patties, about 12 inch thick.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons olive oil in a medium castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the patties and cook until browned and cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Cook the remaining patties in the remaining 1 12 tablespoons olive oil.nMix the remaining 12 cup hummus with a splash of hot water in a bowl. Spread some of the hummus on the inside of each pita fill with a tomato slice, turkey patty and some of the cucumber mixture.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 English cucumber, diced, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 1 cup hummus, preferably spicy or roasted red pepper about a 7ounce container, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 16 mini pita pockets, preferably whole wheat, split open and warmed, 2 to 3 plum tomatoes, sliced], title: TurkeyHummus Sliders, picturelink: vruHJ7CHE09dP1k48a8tH0kvb7.EiPW}, 54899: {instructions: Combine the oil and flour in a large castiron or enameled castiron Dutch oven over medium heat. Stirring slowly and constantly for 20 to 25 minutes, make a dark brown roux, the color of chocolate.nAdd the onions, celery, and bell peppers and continue to stir for 4 to 5 minutes, or until wilted. Add the sausage, salt, cayenne, and bay leaves. Continue to stir for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the water. Stir until the roux mixture and water are well combined. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to mediumlow. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour.nSeason the chicken with the rub and add to the pot. Simmer for 2 hours.nSkim off any fat that rises to the surface. Remove from the heat. Stir in the parsley, green onions, and file powder.nRemove the bay leaves and serve in deep bowls., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup flour, 1 12 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup chopped bell peppers, 1 pound smoked sausage, such as Andouille or Kielbasa, cut crosswise into 12inch slices, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 3 bay leaves, 6 cups water, 1 pound boneless chicken meat, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 teaspoon Rustic Rub, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 12 cup chopped green onions, 1 tablespoon file powder], title: Chicken and Smoked Sausage Gumbo, picturelink: null}}