{54900: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the Hopple Popple:nIn a large, deep, ovenproof skillet, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat. Add the pepper and onion to the pan and saute for 4 minutes. Crumble the sausage into the pan and saute until the sausage is cooked through, stirring occasionally, about 6 to 7 minutes. Season the mixture with salt, and pepper, to taste.nPour the beaten eggs over the sausage mixture, top with grated cheese and transfer to the oven. Bake until the eggs are just firmed up, about 15 minutes.nTo make the CRISPIXu2122Potato Cakes:nIn a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat and saute the onions for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nPour the cereal into a large bowl and pour the milk over top. Allow the mixture to sit for 3 minutes so the cereal will moisten, then drain out the milk.nStir together the moistened cereal, cooked onions, beaten egg, grated potato, salt and pepper. Stir the mixture to combine well.nIn a large nonstick pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, drop 12 cup portions of the cereal mixture into the pan. Cook the cakes until golden brown and crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Cooks Note: Be sure to flip them over and cook both sides. Transfer the cakes to a paper towel to drain the excess oil and then season lightly with salt.nServe the CRISPIXu2122 cakes alongside the Hopple Popple., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small red pepper, seeded and diced, 1 small onion, diced, 2 Italian sausages, removed from casings, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 eggs, beaten, 12 cup Cheddar cheese, grated, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup sliced onions, 2 cups KELLOGGSu00ae CRISPIXu00ae cereal, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup grated potato about 1 large potato, Kosher salt], title: Hopple Popple with CrispixandtradePotato Pancake, picturelink: 8DKl20184bPQJuoloMQ6DJ12S74bTi}, 54901: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSpread 1 tablespoon of butter over a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish. Melt 1 tablespoon each of butter and oil in a deep large nonstick frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken with 12 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Add the chicken to the hot pan and cook until pale golden and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate to cool slightly. Coarsely shred the chicken into bitesize pieces and into a large bowl.nMeanwhile, add 1 tablespoon each of butter and oil to the same pan. Add the mushrooms and saute over mediumhigh heat until the liquid from the mushrooms evaporates and the mushrooms become pale golden, about 12 minutes. Add the onion, garlic, and thyme, and saute until the onion is translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the wine and simmer until it evaporates, about 2 minutes. Transfer the mushroom mixture to the bowl with the chicken.nMelt 3 more tablespoons butter in the same pan over mediumlow heat. Add the flour and whisk for 2 minutes. Whisk in the milk, cream, broth, nutmeg, remaining 1 34 teaspoons salt, and remaining 34 teaspoon pepper. Increase the heat to high. Cover and bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, until the sauce thickens slightly, whisking often, about 10 minutes.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook until it is tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 9 minutes. Drain. Add the linguine, sauce, peas, and parsley to the chicken mixture. Toss until the sauce coats the pasta and the mixture is well blended.nTransfer the pasta mixture to the prepared baking dish. Stir the cheese and breadcrumbs in a small bowl to blend. Sprinkle the cheese mixture over the pasta. Dot with the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter. Bake, uncovered, until golden brown on top and the sauce bubbles, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [9 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, 2 14 teaspoons salt, 1 14 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound white mushrooms, sliced, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup dry white wine, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups whole milk, room temperature, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, room temperature, 1 cup chicken broth, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 ounces linguine, 34 cup frozen peas, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup dried Italianstyle breadcrumbs], title: Chicken Tetrazzini, picturelink: cnjoijdWjqAnrSMk7..Wy11ydmg.VS6}, 54902: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Place the lollipops 2 inches from the edge of the pan and 4 inches apart.nMix the cookie dough with the flour until it is an even texture. Use a round teaspoon measuring spoon to form leveled half circles. Use your finger to gently ease the dough out of the spoon. Place 5 of the half circles, roundedside up, around each lollipop, leaving a little space so that they are not quite touching.nBake the cookies, rotating the pans top to bottom and front to back midway through baking, until the candy melts and the cookies are slightly puffed and just golden, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool on the pans until the candy hardens, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [14 small spherical lollipops in assorted colors, such as Dum Dum Pops, One 16.5ounce tube readymade sugar cookie dough, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Flower Cookie Pops, picturelink: YsrU7JYMhL7Pi6sNdWqvgv96YQkc9JK}, 54903: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly butter a heavy cookie sheet. In bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter. Add the sugar, and continue to beat until creamy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Sift the flour 3 times with the salt. Beat egg whites into the butter, 1 at a time. Add the vanilla. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add flour mixture gradually, scraping down the sides. Stir in the lemon zest.nTransfer the batter to a large pastry bag fitted with a 2B tip and a largesize coupler. Pipe out cookies in an S shape, about 3 inches long. Repeat S pattern in reverse.nBake until the edges are golden brown, about 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a cooling rack. Cookies will become crisp as they cool.nCombine the chocolate and corn syrup in a double boiler over simmering water stir occasionally with a rubber spatula until smooth. Using a small offset spatula or knife, spread cookie with chocolate, and top with another cookie to form a sandwich. Dip about 1inch of each cooled cookie into chocolate, and roll to coat with pistachios let dry., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into small pieces, plus more for cookie sheet, 12 cup superfine sugar, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 large egg whites, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zest grated, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 cup chopped pistachios], title: LanguesdeChat Cookies, picturelink: null}, 54904: {instructions: Melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and cook, stirring constantly, until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the milk and nutmeg and whisk constantly until the mixture thickens, about 1 minute.nHeat the oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the chopped spinach and cook until warmed through. Stir the spinach into the milk mixture. Top with the cheese and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup lowfat 1percent milk, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 Vidalia onion, minced, 2 bunches spinach, stemmed and chopped, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Bobbys Creamed Spinach, picturelink: ec.qIOvlqPse5VAlCU9zbijzGJB0Vy}, 54905: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCoat an 8inch square baking pan with nonstick spray and set aside.nIn a glass mixing bowl, melt the chocolate and butter together in the microwave on high for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the butter is just melted. Mix it up to melt the chocolate completely. Stir the sugar into the melted chocolate until dissolved. Mix in the vanilla and eggs. Stir in the flour and salt just until combined. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.nImmediately sprinkle the marshmallows and nuts evenly over the brownies. Stick it under the broiler for 2 minutes, or until the marshmallows are light golden brown. Allow to cool to room temperature. Drizzle the caramel or chocolate sauce over the cooled brownies before cutting., ingredients: [6 1ounce squares unsweetened baking chocolate, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups miniature marshmallows, 1 cup walnut pieces, 12 cup caramel or chocolate sauce, store bought], title: RockyRoad Brownies, picturelink: null}, 54906: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Place the chiles directly over a gas flame or place on a grill until blackened on all sides and softened, 5 to 6 minutes. Place the roasted chiles in a bowl. Cover and let them steam, 10 to 15 minutes. Peel the chiles. Cut off the stems, cut the chiles lengthwise in half and scrape out any seeds. Roughly chop the chiles.nCombine the oregano, fennel seeds and crushed red pepper in a mortar. Grind with a pestle to a coarse powder. Heat the olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the herb mixture and stir until fragrant and the oil is bubbling, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the garlic and stir 30 seconds. Add the crushed tomatoes, broth, tomato paste and the chopped poblanos. Bring to a simmer, whisking to blend. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes to blend the flavors. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the steaks: In a small bowl, stir the cornstarch, salt and pepper to blend evenly. Rub a generous 12 teaspoon of the seasoning mixture over each side of each steak to coat. Arrange the steaks on a baking sheet and freeze for 30 minutes.nPreheat a ridged grill pan preferably cast iron over high heat for 4 to 5 minutes. Brush the pan with oil. Cook the steaks until the bottom is crusty, about 5 minutes. Flip the steaks over and cook again until the bottom is crusty, but the center is still mediumrare, about 4 minutes longer.nTransfer the steaks to a platter or individual plates. Let stand 5 minutes. Spoon the sauce alongside., ingredients: [2 large poblano chiles about 5 ounces each, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 14 teaspoon fennel seeds, 18 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 14 cup beef broth, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 14 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Four 8ounce rib eye steaks each about 1inch thick, Vegetable oil, for brushing], title: Grilled Rib Eye with Tomato and Poblano Chile Sauce, picturelink: uJtmN9zMmtZQ4b983T2vPhv7TbDMl9K}, 54907: {instructions: Crust:nIn a large bowl mix flour and sugar. Cut in the butter until it resembles coarse crumbs. Add the milk and mix gently until it can be shaped into a ball. Shape dough into a round ball and flatten, wrap in plastic, and refrigerate 1 hour, or until firm.nFilling:nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a bowl, combine sugar, flour, and lemon zest. Add berries and roll them in mixture until coated.nRemove dough from the refrigerator and roll out until 14inch thick and roughly 12 inches round. Place on baking sheet.nMound berries in center of dough, leaving 1 12 inches uncovered around the edge. Gently fold the dough up to meet the berries, and drizzle with melted butter.nMix egg and milk. Brush dough with mixture.nBake approximately 35 to 40 minutes, or until crust is golden brown.nLet cool and dust with powdered sugar.nServe warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup butter, 3 tablespoons milk, 5 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 9 ounces raspberries, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 egg, beaten, 12 teaspoon milk, 2 tablespoons powdered confectioners sugar], title: Rustic Raspberry Tart, picturelink: null}, 54908: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a large cast iron pot or heavybottomed braising pan over mediumhigh heat, cook the bacon until crisp and fat is rendered. Remove bacon and drain on paper towel. Set aside.nAdd pork to the pan with the bacon fat and cook on medium to high heat until pork is browned on all sides, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the sausage, onions, and bell pepper. Cook until onions are translucent. Next add the chicken, celery, and garlic, parsley, and 34 cup chopped green onions. Cook until chicken is cooked through, about 5 to 7 more minutes. Add the cayenne and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the water, cover and let sit for 1 hour.nCut bread lengthwise and place in oven to toast lightly.nSpoon some of the pork mixture on the bread bottoms, top each with slices of cheese, the reserved bacon and the remaining green onions and finish with the bread tops. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 pound thickcut bacon, diced, 1 pound pork butt  pork loin, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 pound smoked sausage, cut into 12inch slices, 12 pound andouille sausage, cut into 12inch slices, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 cup thinly julienned red bell peppers, 1 pound boneless chicken thighs, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 34 cup plus 14 cup chopped green onions, 2 teaspoons cayenne, or to taste, Salt and pepper, 12 cup water, 2 sourdough bread loaves, 1 pound Havarti cheese, thinly sliced], title: Jambalaya Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 54909: {instructions: To assemble, brush bottom of clay bowl or ovenproof bowl with olive oil. Sprinkle bread crumbs evenly around surface. Place half eggplant strips in the clay all around circumference, with half laying over sides of clay. In a mixing bowl toss pasta with egg, bolognese, basil, and pecorino cheese together. Season with salt and pepper you may add garlic here, red pepper flakes, etc. Place the mixture in the clay. Top with rest of the sliced eggplant and close top with the overhang of eggplant. Remember to start at the opening so each slice closes the other. Spread tomato sauce over the eggplant slices and then spread with grated scamorza cheese. Lightly oil the top. Bake in the oven at 325 degrees F for about 1 hour. See Cooks NotenBolognese Ragu:nCook the pancetta in a heavy bottom pan over mediumlow heat for 2 to 3 minutes, fat should begin to render Add the chopped vegetables and cook 3 minutes until onion becomes tender and vegetables wilting.nAdd the ground meat, and turn heat to medium. Brown the meat, cooking 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the wine and tomato paste. Reduce heat to low, cook 1 12 hours, stirring continuously.nCheck for seasoning and adjust with salt and pepper as necessary., ingredients: [14 cup bread crumbs, 1 small eggplant, peeled and sliced thin 116inch, 2 cups penne pasta cooked until al dente, 14 cup sliced hardboiled egg, 6 ounces bolognese ragu, recipe follows, Fresh basil leaves, as much as you like, 14 cup pecorino, 2 ounces tomato sauce, 12 cup scamorza cheese grated, 10 ounces salt pork or pancetta, rendered, 1 quart water, 1 cup diced carrots, 23 cup diced celery, 12 cup diced onion, 1 14 pounds boneless ground beef, pork and veal, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, mixed with 5 ounces broth of choice, Salt and pepper], title: Pasta Timballo Layered With Eggplant, Bolognese Ragu, Hardboiled Egg And Scamorza Cheese, picturelink: PxhSeWWvXtB70oXH.tbAP.QxgCVnzcy}, 54910: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill.nCombine the hearts of palm, orange sections and juice, tomato, red onion, cilantro, chile, vinegar, and olive oil, and keep chilled until ready to serve. Just before serving, season with salt and pepper.nPlace the split lobsters on the grill, flesh side down. Cook for 5 to 6 minutes and then turn over and cook for 5 to 6 more minutes.nPlace the lobster on serving platters filling in the top, empty part of the shell with the slaw., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 1 12 pound spiny lobsters, split and cleaned, 4 small fresh hearts of palm, julienned, 1 orange, sectioned and juice reserved, 1 yellow or red large round tomato, peeled, seeded, and cut into small strips, 1 red onion, julienned, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 14 Scotch bonnet chile, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar], title: Whole Spiny Lobsters Split and Stuffed with Hearts of Palm Slaw, picturelink: 02M2imI5JriN8G3F8jpqBck7NJkpo92}, 54911: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill pan or grill for high heat.nGrill one of the lemon halves cutside down until charred, about 5 minutes. Let cool slightly, then squeeze the juice from it into a small bowlyou should have about 1 ounce. Cut a thick wheel of lemon from the other half and grill on both sides until charred, 3 to 5 minutes set aside.nAdd the lemon juice, Simple Syrup, gin and Scotch to a cocktail shaker, add large ice and shake vigorously. Add a fresh large ice cube to a highball glass with tongs and doublestrain the cocktail into the glass over the cube. Top with the prosecco and garnish with the charred lemon wheel.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 lemon, cut in half, 1 14 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 ounce gin, 14 ounce smoky single malt Scotch from Islay for the smokiness, such as Lagavulin, 1 12 ounces prosecco, 1 cup sugar], title: Smokin Lemon, picturelink: rnxI7l3r266CslQ67fJhuDWHB1.uNQS}, 54912: {instructions: Put the mushrooms in a bowl, cover with water and soak for 20 minutes, then drain and thinly slice.nSoak the bean thread vermicelli in water for 20 minutes, then drain and cut into 1 12inch4 cm lengths.nPlace the sliced jicama in a muslin cloth and squeeze out its juice, then discard.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the mushrooms, vermicelli, jicama, pork, crabmeat, onion, sugar, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 teaspoons white pepper, and fish sauce.nKnead the mixture in the bowl for 10 minutes, or until your arms get tired.nWorking with one rice paper at a time, submerge the rice paper in a large pan of warm water, then transfer it to a chopping board or work surface.nTake 1 12 heaping tablespoons of the mixture and place it on the bottom edge of the rice paper. Fold the 2 adjacent sides, one on top of the other, into the center.nRoll the apex to form a nice firm roll, and secure with a dab of beaten egg white. Repeat until you have filled all the rice papers.nPour the oil into a wok and heat to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C, or until a cube of bread dropped into the oil browns in 15 seconds.nFry the parcels in 3 batches for 6 minutes, or until lightly browned and crisp.nEvenly distribute the rice vermicelli noodles among 4 to 6 bowls, top with sliced herbs, then cut the parcels into the bowls.nPour 2 tablespoons nuoc cham into each bowl and garnish with fried shallots and peanuts., ingredients: [1 12 ounces 40 g dried wood ear mushrooms, 1 12 ounces 40 g bean thread vermicelli, 1 jicama, peeled and julienned, 7 ounces 200 g minced pork, 7 ounces 200 g crabmeat from fish monger, 12 onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon sugar, Sea salt and ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 20 8inch 20 cm diameter dried round rice paper wrappers, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 large handful perilla leaves, 1 large handful fresh mint leaves, 1 large handful fresh Vietnamese mint, 17 12 ounces 500 g cooked rice vermicelli, 3 tablespoons fried red shallots, 3 tablespoons roasted peanuts, 1 cup 250 ml nuoc cham], title: Hanoi Crisp Parcels with Vermicelli Salad: Bun Nem Ran, picturelink: null}, 54913: {instructions: Make the marinade: In a bowl combine all ingredients. Arrange chicken in a shallow dish, add the marinade, and stir to coat with the marinade. Cover and chill while preparing the vegetables. Make the salad: In a large salad bowl combine all salad ingredients. In a nonstick skillet set over moderately high heat, warm the oil until it is hot. Add the chicken and marinade and cook, stirring, until the chicken is no longer pink. Yogurt will separate. Let simmer just until cooked. Transfer chicken together with pan juices to salad bowl and toss to combine. Add lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup plain nonfat yogurt, 2 teaspoons Garam Masala powder, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 jalapeno chili, stemmed, seeded and finely minced optional, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, gently flattened and cut into strips, 3 cups shredded iceberg lettuce 1 small head, 3 cups shredded red cabbage 1 small head, 1 cup sliced radishes 1 bunch, 2 cups sliced cucumber 1 large, 1 small bunch scallions, minced, 1 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 12 cups diced jicama, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 to 3 small lemons, juiced, or to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Tandoori Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 54914: {instructions: Brush the tomatoes and onion slices with oil, sprinkle with oregano and season with salt and pepper. Grill the vegetables quickly on both sides until nicely charred.nToast slices of sourdough in a toaster or under a broiler. Spread a light coating of soft butter on the toast, sprinkle the chopped rosemary on the buttered bread and dust lightly with black pepper.nMake the sandwiches by layering the arugula leaves, grilled tomato and onion on half of the slices of toasted sourdough. Reserve the unfilled bread for the tops of the sandwiches.nSpread the crumbled blue cheese on top of the vegetables and quickly run the open sandwiches under a broiler. Top with another slice of toasted bread and serve., ingredients: [1 large red beefsteak tomato, sliced, 1 large yellow beefsteak tomato, sliced, 1 large red Bermuda onion, sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons dry oregano, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 sourdough sandwich loaf, sliced, Whole butter at room temperature, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, Cracked black pepper, 1 small bunch arugula leaves, well washed, 8 ounces blue cheese, crumbled into large chunks], title: Sourdough, Grilled Tomato, Red Onion and Blue Cheese, picturelink: null}, 54915: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove and discard the chicken giblets. Pat the outside dry. Liberally salt and pepper the inside of the chicken. Cut the lemons in quarters, place 2 quarters in the chicken along with the garlic and reserve the rest of the lemons. Brush the outside of the chicken with olive oil and sprinkle the chicken liberally with salt and pepper. Tie the legs together with kitchen string and tuck the wing tips under the body of the chicken. Place the chicken in a small 11 by 14inch roasting pan. If the pan is too large, the onions will burn. Place the reserved lemons and the sliced onions in a large bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons of olive oil, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 12 teaspoon of pepper. Pour the mixture around the chicken in the pan.nRoast the chicken for about 1 hour and 15 minutes, until the juices run clear when you cut between a leg and a thigh. Remove the chicken to a platter, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 10 minutes while you prepare the sauce, leaving the lemons and onions in the pan.nPlace the pan on top of the stove and turn the heat to mediumhigh. Add the wine and stir with a wooden spoon to scrape up the brown bits. Add the stock and sprinkle on the flour, stirring constantly for a minute, until the sauce thickens. Add any juices that collect under the chicken. Carve the chicken onto a platter and serve with the lemons, onions, and warm sauce., ingredients: [1 4 to 5 pound roasting chicken, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, 1 whole head garlic, cut in 12 crosswise, Good olive oil, 2 Spanish onions, peeled and thickly sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour], title: Engagement Roast Chicken, picturelink: ZU9YtqxJgSK6.WLFlOzaPRgFAu6PSu}, 54916: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat 3 tablespoons of the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil begins to smoke, carefully place one piece of pork in the saute pan and sear, turning once, until golden. Remove to a plate and repeat with the remaining pieces of pork. Set aside.nCarefully add the beer to the drippings in the pan and cook, scraping up the cooked bits with a wooden spoon, until reduced.nHeat the remaining 5 tablespoons of oil in a large flameproof roasting pan over medium heat. Add the celery, onions, carrots, garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the pork to the roasting pan. Add the deglazed pan juices and enough chicken stock to cover the pork and vegetables. Add the peppercorns, thyme, bay leaves and 2 generous pinches of salt. Cover the pan with foil and braise for 3 hours. Remove the foil and roast 30 minutes more. This will allow the pork to gain a beautiful color and for the braising liquid to reduce.nLet the pork cool in the braising liquid for 30 minutes to increase tenderness. Remove the pork from the roasting pan and strain the braising liquid. Refrigerate separately until ready to use. The pork can be served sliced or shredded., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 5 pounds pork belly, cut into 6inch pieces, 1 can of your favorite beer, 1 bunch celery, chopped, 2 large yellow onions, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 20 cloves garlic, chopped, 8 cups chicken stock or broth, 2 tablespoon Szechuan peppercorns, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, Salt], title: Braised Pork Belly, picturelink: null}, 54917: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to boil. Salt it generously.nCore the cabbage. Gently peel away the leaves to expose the heart by heart, I mean the ball of more yellowish leaves at the center which are too tightly packed to bother prying apart. Cut out that core of innermost leaves and shred to add to the stuffing. Cut the thick ribs out of the remaining leaves they will look like youve stolen a sliver from a pie. Set aside.nBlanch the cabbage leaves for 5 to 7 minutes. Drain, and refresh under icecold water. Drain and pat dry with a towel.nBreak the bread into crumbs in a bowl, pour over the milk and set aside to soften. Heat the butter and olive oil in a skillet and gently fry the onion and shallot until transparent, about 5 minutes. Add the chopped cabbage, mushrooms, garlic and thyme. Cook another 5 minutes. Add the bread and cook until the milk has evaporated. Stir through the quatreepices and season generously with salt and pepper. Add this mixture to the sausage meat in a large bowl and mix thoroughly with a fork. Make a small ball and fry it in the frying pan. Taste it to check the seasonings. Adjust as needed.nLay a tea towel on the counter with a piece of cheesecloth or muslin large enough to wrap the cabbage in. Youre going to reconstruct the cabbage, but with layers of stuffing between the leaves. So, first lay down the large outer leaves, in a circle, slightly overlapping with the prettiest side out. Spread over a layer of stuffing. Lay over another layer of leaves and repeat the action. Continue until you have run out of leaves. Pull up the edges of the cheesecloth, like a bag, and twist, as if making the head of a puppet, to shape the cabbage into a round loaf shape. Tie a string around the beard of cheesecloth where it meets the cabbage ball, to secure the package. The cabbage can be prepared to this stage in advance, refrigerated and then cooked before serving.nTo cook: Steam the cabbage over water or good chicken stock about 2 cups500 ml of it for 45 minutes. The flavor from the stuffed cabbage will drip into the water or stock and give it the most amazing flavor. When the cabbage is done, boil down the cooking juices and serve a spoonful around each wedge of cabbage in a soup bowl., ingredients: [3 ounces90 g bread, About 14 cup60 ml milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 medium or 2 small savoy cabbages about 1.5 pounds165 g total, 2 onions, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 14 pound125 g mushrooms, trimmed and chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, A few handfuls fresh thyme, chopped, 1 teaspoon quatreepices, more to taste, or smoked paprika, Freshly ground black pepper, About 1 pound500 g pork sausage meat], title: Stuffed Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 54918: {instructions: Whisk the eggs, flour, roasted sweet potato puree, brown sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and salt together. If needed, thin the batter with some milk.nHeat the griddle to medium heat. Place two 2ounce dollops of batter on the griddle. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Place the pancakes on serving dish and ladle 3 ounces of Butter Pecan Sauce over the pancakes. Garnish with confectioners sugar if desired.nSlowly melt the butter, turn the heat up to medium and add the brown sugar and salt. Whisk together until the sugar is melted. Turn off the heat and add the pecans and cream. Whisk until evenly incorporated., ingredients: [12 pound2 sticks butter, 2 12 cups brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups pecan pieces, chopped, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Sweet Potato Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 54919: {instructions: Grease a griddle or large pan with nonstick cooking spray or butter and heat over medium heat.nMix all ingredients except pecans in a blender for about 15 seconds. Stop and scrape down the sides with a spatula, and continue mixing for another 15 seconds until well blended.nPour approximately 16 minicakes onto the hot griddle, and sprinkle each with a few pecans. Cook on each side for only a minute or 2. Serve hot with melted butter or top with a dollop of Low Carb Whipped Cream.nWith an electric mixer on high, whip the heavy cream just until frothy. Then add in the sugar substitute and vanilla extract and continue to whip on high until peaks form. Be careful not to overwhip, or cream will break. Store in a pastry bag or glass dish with a lid and refrigerate., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray or butter, 2 eggs, 13 cup heavy cream, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon no sugar added maple extract, 12 cup soy flour, 2 tablespoons sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 tablespoon wheat or oat bran, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 18 cup chopped pecans walnuts may be substituted, Low Carb Fresh Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, 13 cup sugar substitute recommended: Splenda, 1 teaspoon no sugar added vanilla extract], title: Low Carb Maple Pecan Pancakes, picturelink: ncZGezzkKRNaTnNs4mV9ZuzuW2kBey}, 54920: {instructions: introductionnMethod text can I changed this, ingredients: [1 Cup Lemon Grass, 1 Teaspoon Salt, 1 Tablespoon Creamed Spinich], title: Come and Break It More, picturelink: null}, 54921: {instructions: Cut each pepper lengthwise into about 6 1inch strips. Exact number and size of strips will vary, depending on size of pepper.nPlace a cube of mozzarella and a tiny sprig of rosemary at 1 end of each pepper strip. Season with salt and pepper. Carefully roll pepper around cheese, creating a package. Run a watersoaked wooden skewer through the pepper and the cheese to secure. Repeat process so that each skewer has about 3 pepper packages.nHeat a grill to medium high. Place skewers on grill, and cook, rotating with tongs, until cheese has melted, about 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from heat, and serve immediately.nRoasted Peppers:n2 red peppersn2 yellow peppersn2 orange peppersnTurn over 3 burner grates on a gas range so that they are concave. Set range to a high flame, and place 2 peppers on each grate, so that they are directly in the flame. Roast peppers, turning occasionally with tongs, until they are evenly charred and soft all over. Do not worry if peppers split.nTransfer each pepper to a paper towel, and wrap tightly. Let them steam for at least 5 minutes. This sweats the peppers, loosening the skin. Remove the charred skin with the paper towel, rubbing gently, if necessary. It is not recommended that you rinse the peppers under running water to remove the skin this will wash away a lot of the flavor.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [3 whole roasted peppers, peeled, seeded, and cored, recipe follows, 14 pound fresh mozzarella, cut into 1inch squares about 14inch thick, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Roasted Pepper Smores Skewers, picturelink: null}, 54922: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons butter in a medium saute pan, add the scallions and garlic and cook over mediumlow heat until the scallions are soft, approximately 5 minutes. Add the curry powder and stir.nShred the crabmeat into a bowl and mix with the parsley, lime juice, salt, to taste, and pepper. Add the crabmeat to the scallion mixture.nMelt 10 tablespoons of butter in a small pan and set aside.nUnfold 1 sheet of the phyllo dough. Brush the sheet with melted butter and sprinkle with bread crumbs. Repeat the process by laying a second sheet of phyllo dough over the first sheet, brush it with melted butter and sprinkle with bread crumbs until 5 sheets have been used. Spoon a 1inch wide row of the crab mixture along 1 edge of the phyllo dough. Roll it up. Brush the top with butter and set aside. Repeat the entire process using the all the phyllo dough and crab filling.nCover a sheet pan with parchment paper. Score the crab strudel diagonally into 1 12inch pieces and bake for 12 minutes, or until the top is lightly brown. Slice and serve., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, divided, 3 scallions, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 pound lump crabmeat, drained and picked to remove shells, 2 teaspoons fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 lime, juiced, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 10 sheets phyllo dough such as Pepperidge Farm, 14 cup plain dry breadcrumbs], title: Crab Strudel, picturelink: null}, 54923: {instructions: Place the filets on a board and pat them dry with paper towels. Sprinkle the filets with salt and then press the black pepper evenly on both sides. Allow to rest at room temperature for 15 minutes.nHeat 1 12 tablespoons of the butter and the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until the butter almost smokes. Place the steaks in the pan and lower the heat to medium. Saute the steaks for 4 minutes on one side and then for 3 minutes on the other side, for medium rare. Remove the steaks to a serving platter and cover tightly with aluminum foil.nMeanwhile, pour all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the saute pan. Add the shallots and cook over medium heat for 2 minutes. Add the beef broth and cook over high heat for 4 to 6 minutes, until reduced by half, scraping the brown bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the Cognac and cook for 2 more minutes. Off the heat, swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and 12 teaspoon salt. Serve the steaks hot with the sauce poured on top.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [6 filets mignon, cut 1 14 inches thick, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup chopped shallots 3 to 4 shallots, 1 cup canned beef broth, 12 cup good Cognac or brandy], title: Filet of Beef au Poivre, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 54924: {instructions: Combine the shallot, mustard, vinegar, oil, sugar, honey and salt and pepper in a jar and shake to emulsify.nToss arugula with vinaigrette, to taste., ingredients: [1 shallot, finely minced, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups arugula], title: Arugula Salad and Ultimate Vinaigrette, picturelink: UERE1LvI0w9xRVudQCFU5TSF9uFVW5O}, 54925: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil.nStir in the onion, garlic, tomatoes, red pepper flakes, black pepper and salt, to taste. Simmer for 10 to 12 minutes. Add the chicken stock and chicken bouillon and cook for an additional 10 minutes. Stir in the sherry at the last minute and remove from the heat. Allow to cool before adding it to a blender. Puree until smooth and return to the pot, over low heat, to keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [34 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 Vidalia onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 4 large tomatoes, sliced, Red pepper flakes, Cracked black pepper, Kosher salt, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon ground chicken bouillon, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar], title: Funked Out Tomato Soup, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 54926: {instructions: Sweat the garlic, bell peppers and shallots together in a medium saute pan over medium heat with the butter. Add the crawfish tails and Cajun seasoning. Cook until the tails turn pink and become opaque. Remove from the heat and let cool into a mixing bowl. Once cooled, mix in the spinach, white cheddar, corn and black beans.nIn a heavybottomed, straightsided, medium saute pan, add enough oil to reach at least 1inch up the sides. Heat over mediumhigh heat.nPlace 2 ounces of the mixture in the middle of a spring roll wrapper. Egg wash the edges and dredge in cornstarch. Fry in batches until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the oil and enjoy.nA viewer or guest of the show, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 shallot, diced, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds crawfish tails, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 2 cups raw spinach, 1 12 cups shredded white cheddar, 1 cup black beans, 1 cup sweet corn, 1 package spring roll wrappers, Egg wash, for spring rolls, 1 cup cornstarch, Oil, for frying], title: Crawfish Rolls, picturelink: null}, 54927: {instructions: Trim the bottoms and tops of the navel oranges, grapefruits and blood oranges, then cut away the peel and pith with a paring knife. Slice the fruit crosswise and arrange on a rimmed platter.nCombine the lemon juice, sugar, 14 cup water and the vanilla seeds in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nPour the syrup over the fruit, cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 navel oranges, 3 small pink or red grapefruits, 3 blood oranges, Juice of 2 lemons preferably Meyer lemons, 14 cup sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out], title: CitrusVanilla Salad, picturelink: U7TByj2yQrTVIdX4l1q.F6psqwBbH1O}, 54928: {instructions: Melt the butter with the oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, sugar, and some salt and pepper. Cook until the onions become deep brown and sticky, about 20 minutes, stirring every 4 or 5 minutes if the onions color too quickly, reduce the heat to mediumlow.nWhile the onions caramelize, make the rice. Heat the remaining tablespoon of oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Add the rice and stir, cooking it until the grains begin to turn opaque, about 2 minutes. Add the water, lentils, and cumin season with salt and pepper. Increase heat to mediumhigh and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until the rice is tender and has absorbed all of the liquid, about 20 minutes. Serve topped with the caramelized onions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 cups longgrain white rice, 1 quart water, 1 15.5ounce can lentils, drained and rinsed, 14 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Caramelized Onions and Lentil Rice, picturelink: U9rfJkioAIwazr3kS4vLsv.TjcUvxS}, 54929: {instructions: Microwave limes for about 30 seconds to release essential oils, and set until cool enough to handle. Turn on the blender and while its running, add 1 at a time through the feed tube, the parsley, cilantro, garlic, mayonnaise, and mascarpone cheese, and blend together until a smooth paste has formed. At this point, the limes should be cool enough to handle. With the power still on, squeeze the lime juice through the blender feedtube, and then very slowly add the buttermilk until the mixture can coat the back of a spoon. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Set aside in refrigerator until needed.nMelt the oil and butter in a saute pan over medium heat and saute the peaches lightly. Set aside to cool.nBang the core part of the head of lettuce on a hard surface and twist it to remove, cut into 1inch pieces, rinsed and dried with a salad spinner. To make the bite sized pieces, cut the head of lettuce in half then with flat sides against cutting board, cut into 1inch strips lengthwise and then 1inch squares crosswise.nToss together iceberg lettuce, romaine lettuce, fresh ginger, and cucumbers. Fold in tomato wedges and cooled peaches, and crumble in blue cheese. Transfer to serving dishes and serve with buttermilk dressing on the side., ingredients: [2 limes, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, 1 clove garlic, peeled and quartered, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 ounces mascarpone cheese, cut into pieces, 1 cup buttermilk, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 fresh peaches, peeled, pits removed, and cut into wedges, 1 head iceberg lettuce, core removed, 1 head Romaine lettuce, spine of leaves removed, rinsed and dried with a salad spinner, and torn into bite size pieces, 1 tablespoon finely minced peeled fresh ginger about 12ounce ginger root, 2 English cucumbers, peeled and sliced into 14inch rounds, 2 large ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, 2 ounces blue cheese], title: Peaches and Greens with Buttermilk Dressing, picturelink: null}, 54930: {instructions: 1. Blend together BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita Mix, BACARDIu00ae Select, watermelon and ice for 45 to 60 seconds or until uniform.n2. Pour into short oldfashioned glasses, and garnish with fresh watermelon.n3. Serves five to six people., ingredients: [12 can of frozen BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita mix, 12 cup of BACARDIu00ae Select, 1 cup fresh cut watermelon, 4 cups of ice], title: BACARDIandreg Mixers Watermelon Rickey, picturelink: null}, 54931: {instructions: In a large, heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven, add the bacon and canola oil, turn the heat to mediumhigh and cook the bacon until it starts to crisp, 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the red onions and green pepper, season with salt and pepper and saute over mediumhigh heat until the vegetables have softened, about 5 minutes. Add the beans, barbeque sauce, maple syrup, vinegar and mustard. Bring to a simmer, cover, reduce the heat to low and continue to cook the beans, about 45 minutes. Remove the lid and cook uncovered until the sauce has reduced and thickened and the flavors have developed, about 15 minutes. Just before serving, adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 thick strips applewood smoked bacon, diced, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 red onion, cut into small dice, 1 green pepper, diced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 14 12ounce cans great Northern beans, drained and rinsed, 1 12 cups Carolinastyle barbecue sauce, 1 cup maple syrup, 12 cup cider vinegar, 4 tablespoons whole grain mustard], title: Tangy Maple Baked Beans with Applewood Smoked Bacon, picturelink: null}, 54932: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line 42 mini muffin cups with mini paper liners.nMIX brownies according to package directions using oil, water and eggs. Fill baking cups 34 full.nBAKE 16 to 18 minutes. Cool completely. Frost with and sprinkle with candy bits., ingredients: [1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Classic Traditional Fudge Brownie, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup water, 2 large eggs, 1 15.6 oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Chocolate Fudge Funfettiu00ae Frosting], title: Mini Funfettiandreg Brownie Bites, picturelink: Igu9wp9CLdX2FssMeUCLMJKXkEk76S}, 54933: {instructions: For the balsamic vinegar and agave nectar glaze: Put the balsamic vinegar and agave in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until the mixture comes together and thickens. Set aside to cool slightly. Rim a cocktail glass with the glaze.nFor the tomato slice: Add the fresh tomato water and BasilInfused Vodka to a cocktail shaker, add large ice cubes, shake vigorously and doublestrain into the prepared glass. Add the foam on top, garnish with the basil leaf and serve.nCombine the vodka and basil leaves and let steep for at least 2 days. Strain out the basil before serving., ingredients: [14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup agave, 2 ounces fresh Roma tomato water not canned juice, see Cooks Note, 1 12 ounces BasilInfused Vodka, recipe follows, 1 leaf fresh basil, for garnish, One 750milliliter bottle vodka, 1 bunch fresh basil leaves], title: Tomato Slice, picturelink: tVfSmRzzmJbHLOzGYqgBQkdYc664Xpe}, 54934: {instructions: Preheat the toaster oven to high.nSlice the waffle into 12inch strips. Toast them until crispy.nIf you like, dunk them in syrup. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 frozen lowfat waffle, Sugarfree pancake syrup, optional, as a dip], title: Bonus Waffle Recipe: Waffle Breakfast Fries, picturelink: baNE3J.WhT8SpO9fWz9XqCHk.Eswq}, 54935: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line and grease a 1 12 pound loaf pan.nCream together the egg yolks and sugar. Whisk the egg whites until very stiff. Add the grated chocolate and flour to the yolk mixture, then fold in the whites. Pour the chocolate mixture into the prepared loaf pan. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn out and cool on a rack. When cold, slice in half lengthways through the middle.nSpread both halves of cake with jam on the cut sides.nFor the filling, mix together the cocoa powder, vanilla essence to taste, and whipped cream spread evenly over one half on top of the jam.nMake the icing by melting the chocolate with the butter. Allow to cool slightly, then spread over the jam on the other half. Put the two strips together so that the icing and filling are together in the middle, with the iced strip on top, and chill slightly before slicing to serve., ingredients: [3 eggs, separated, 3 tablespoons caster superfine sugar, 1 ounce dark chocolate, grated, 2 tablespoons plain allpurpose flour, Apricot jam, 1 ounce cocoa powder, Vanilla essence, 6 ounces double cream, stiffly whipped for the chocolate icing, 6 ounces dark chocolate, 1 ounce unsalted butter], title: Rigo Jancsi Chocolate Slices, picturelink: null}, 54936: {instructions: For the garlic chips: Set a paper towel on a plate to drain the garlic. Take a castiron skillet, fill with approximately 1 to 1 12 inches of oil and set over high heat. Once the oil is hot and bubbly, add the garlic slices quickly, and gently stir so they dont stick together. Cook for approximately 30 seconds. Remove using a slotted spoon or handled strainer once they are light golden brown, and place on the paper towellined plate to cool and drain. Work in small batches to avoid the chips overcooking and sticking together. If the color is still too light and the garlic chips dont have a small amount of crunch, repeat the process and leave in the oil about 10 to 15 seconds remove and drain. Make these ahead and keep in an airtight container for up to a week.nFor the smashed beets and carrots: Wash and scrub the beets and carrots as necessary to remove any dirt do not peel.nTake a large pot and place the beets inside with the olive oil, red wine vinegar and bay leaves. Add cold water to cover the tops of the beets. Place over medium to mediumhigh heat and cook until the beets are tender when pierced with a fork, 25 to 40 minutes depending on the size of the beets. Drain and set aside to cool.nWhen cool enough to handle, press down gently on each beet using the palm of your hand until flattened. Lay the smashed beets on a baking pan, toss with grapeseed oil and season with salt and pepper.nToss the carrots with some grapeseed oil, salt and pepper in a separate bowl.nHeat a large griddle or castiron pan with some grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat. Place the carrots and smashed beets on the griddle, lower the heat to medium and cook until brown on the bottom and the edges caramelize, 15 to 20 minutes. Then flip and repeat until the carrots are tender and the beets are caramelized and brown on the edges.nTransfer the carrots and beets to a large bowl. Check for seasoning and adjust with salt and pepper as needed. Drizzle with some goodquality olive oil to finish, and toss in the garlic chips and thyme., ingredients: [Grapeseed or olive oil, for deepfrying, 1 head garlic, cloves separated, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 beets of similar size, 12 large carrots, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 bay leaves, Grapeseed oil, for oiling, Kosher salt, Cracked black pepper, Goodquality olive oil, for finishing, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme], title: Smashed Beets and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 54937: {instructions: Sift the flour, curry powder and baking powder into a large mixing bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Make a well in the center of the mixture and whisk in enough sparkling mineral water to make a very runny and smooth batter.nFill a shallow saucepan with 2inches worth of olive oil and set it over high heat.nDip the zucchini flowers, in batches, into the prepared batter, shaking off the excess.nCarefully lower the zucchini flowers into the hot oil and fry, a few at a time, until golden brown.nRemove the flowers with a slotted spoon and then drain on a paper towel., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup sparkling mineral water, Extravirgin olive oil, for panfrying, 12 zucchini flowers, stamens removed], title: Crisp Zucchini Flowers, picturelink: null}, 54938: {instructions: Mash the potato. Bring 2 12 quarts water to a boil in a large pot. Add the potato and cook until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the potato, reserving the cooking water. When cool enough to handle, peel the potato and mash in a medium bowl until smooth, adding a few drops of the cooking water, if needed.nMake the dough. Stir the olive oil and honey into the mashed potato. Mix the flour, 2 12 teaspoons salt and the yeast in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment.nAdd the potato mixture and 1 cup reserved cooking water to the mixer beat on medium speed until stiff but malleable, 10 minutes. Beat in a few more tablespoons cooking water, if necessary. Reserve the remaining cooking water.nKnead the dough. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead by hand until the dough is smooth and bounces back when pressed, about 5 minutes.nLet it rest. Drizzle a little olive oil into a large bowl. Add the dough and turn to coat it with oil. Cover the bowl with a damp dishcloth and set aside in a warm spot until the dough is doubled in size, 1 12 to 2 hours.nCook the onion. While the dough rises, melt the butter in a large skillet over low heat add the onion and cook until transparent and soft but not browned, 20 to 30 minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and set aside.nForm the bagels. Punch down the dough. Form into a log, then cut into 12 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a tight ball and set on a parchmentlined baking sheet cover with a damp cloth and let rise 30 minutes. Make a hole in the center of each ball with your thumbs. Stretch and turn the ring until the hole is about 2 inches wide. Return to the baking sheet, cover with a damp cloth and let rise 20 more minutes. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nBoil the bagels. Bring the remaining reserved potato cooking water to a boil. Carefully drop the bagels into the water, a few at a time, and cook 30 seconds. Flip the bagels with a slotted spoon and cook 30 more seconds. Set the bagels on a rack to drain, then return to the parchmentlined baking sheet.nBake the bagels. Transfer the baking sheet to the oven bake until the bagels start to brown, about 10 minutes. Beat the egg with 1 tablespoon water brush the mixture on the bagels and top with the sauteed onion. Continue baking until golden, 10 to 15 more minutes. Let cool 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [1 medium Yukon gold potato about 5 ounces, scrubbed, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 2 tablespoons honey, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading, Kosher salt, 1 14ounce packet active dry yeast, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large sweet onion, diced, 1 large egg], title: Potato Bagels with ButterGlazed Onions, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 54939: {instructions: Caramel: In a small, heavy saucepan combine the sugar and the water. Be sure all sugar granules are washed down from pot sides you can use a pastry brush dipped in water to brush down the sides. Cook over moderate heat, swirling the pan occasionally, until color is golden brown and the mixture smells like caramel. This will take about 10 to 15 minutes. When it is a deep golden color, plunge the bottom of the pot into cold water to immediately stop the cooking otherwise the heat of the caramel will keep it cooking long after you remove it from the heat, and it could burn. Immediately and with great care, pour the hot caramel onto a large sheet of greased parchment paper on top of a baking sheet. Set aside until cool, then crack into 12inch pieces.nIce cream: Combine cream and half and half in a medium, heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil.nIn a large bowl, whisk together egg yolks and sugar until thick and pale yellow. Pour in the boiling liquid and stir until combined. Stir in the vanilla. Strain into a large container and refrigerate until cold, or place in a bowl nested in a larger bowl of iced water and stir occasionally until cold. Stir in the Crema. Pour into an ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturers instructions. When ice cream is done, fold in the reserved caramel pieces. Store in freezer 1 to 2 days., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 14 cups water, 2 12 cups half and half, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup Crema recipe follows], title: Caramel Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 54940: {instructions: For the glaze: In a small saucepan over medium heat, cook the Chianti, vinegar, and sugar for 20 to 30 minutes, or until reduced by 80percent total volume. Hold at room temperature.nFor the tuna: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Season the steaks with salt and pepper on both sides and add to the hot pan in 2 batches. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the steaks, reduce the heat to mediumhigh, and cook for an additional 2 minutes. Remove the steaks from the pan and let rest for 5 minutes. Slice the steaks on the bias, 1inch thick. Reserve the pan for the pasta.nFor the pasta: Add the tomatoes, capers, olives, garlic, basil, and parsley to the pan and cook for 2 minutes. Add the orzo and spinach and cook for an additional minute. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter to finish the sauce.nTo serve: Spoon the orzo onto plates, top with tuna, Parmesan, and pancetta, and drizzle with the Chianti glaze., ingredients: [2 cups Chianti, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 6 6 to 7ounce tuna steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 pound orzo pasta, cooked, 1 cup spinach leaves, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup cooked and thinly sliced pancetta, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Grilled Tuna Nicoise, picturelink: null}, 54941: {instructions: Over an open flame gas burner or under a preheated broiler, roast the poblanos, turning them occasionally, until the skins are lightly but evenly charred. Steam the poblanos until cool in a closed paper bag. Rub away the burned skins, slit the poblanos open along one side and discard the seeds. Open each poblano out flat.nIn a small, heavy skillet over low heat, toast the oregano, stirring often, until it is fragrant and lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Remove and cool.nIn a medium skillet over moderate heat, warm 3 tablespoons oil. Add the onions, garlic, cumin and cooled oregano. Cover and cook, stirring once or twice, until almost tender, about 10 minutes. Add the stock, salsa verde, chiles and 2 teaspoons salt. Bring to a simmer, then lower the heat, partially cover, and cook, stirring once or twice, until slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool. Stir in the cilantro. Set aside 4 cups of this sauce. In a medium bowl, stir the remaining sauce into the chicken.nIn a medium skillet, warm 1 cup oil. When it is hot but not smoking, fry the tortillas, 1 at a time, turning them once with tongs, until they are flexible do not allow them to become crisp. Drain the tortillas on paper towels.nPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Lightly coat a rectangular 9 by 13inch glass baking dish, or any attractive ovenproof serving dish, with nonstick spray or canola oil.nArrange 8 of the tortillas in an overlapping layer in the bottom of the dish. Spread half the chicken mixture evenly over the tortilla layer. Top with 8 more tortillas, overlapping them as necessary. Sprinkle 12 the Monterey Jack and 12 the Cheddar over the tortillas. Spread the remaining chicken mixture over the cheese. Arrange the poblanos in a layer over the chicken, overlapping them if necessary. Spread the reserved 4 cups sauce over the poblanos. Arrange the remaining 8 tortillas over the sauce. With a spatula, spread the sour cream over the tortillas. Top with the remaining Jack and Cheddar cheeses.nBake until the top is lightly browned and the sopa is bubbling, about 45 minutes.nLet rest on a rack about 5 minutes before serving. Serve the sopa hot, topping each portion with a dollop of sour cream and a sprig of cilantro, if desired.nBring a saucepan of water to a boil. Add the tomatillos and serranos, lower the heat, and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and cool in ice water. Core the tomatillos.nIn a blender, combine the tomatillos, half of the cilantro leaves, serranos, onions, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt. Puree on low speed for 30 seconds. Scrape down the sides of the blender jar and puree again until smooth.nTransfer to a bowl. Finely chop the remaining 34 cup cilantro. Stir the cilantro and green onions into the salsa. Adjust the seasoning, adding salt to taste and stirring in up to 1 teaspoon sugar, to taste, if the salsa seems bitter. Use immediately, or refrigerate for up to 3 days., ingredients: [6 poblano chiles, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano or 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 3 tablespoons corn or canola oil, plus 1 cup for frying the tortillas, 3 cups finely chopped yellow onion, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons freshly ground cumin, from toasted seeds, 2 cups roasted chicken stock or reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 cups Lupes Salsa Verde, recipe follows, or other goodquality green salsa, 1 7ounce can chopped green chiles, drained, Kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 6 cups shredded roasted chicken from about a 3pound bird, 24 6inch corn tortillas, Nonstick spray, 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 3 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 12 cup sour cream, whisked until smooth, plus more for serving, Sprigs fresh cilantro, for serving, optional, 1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 2 to 3 fresh serrano chiles, stemmed, 1 12 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 4 teaspoons finely chopped yellow onion, 1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onion, Sugar, optional], title: Jimtown Chicken Sopa, picturelink: ySGwCCldOzZ8X09y8YmEtRlZcmhhe}, 54942: {instructions: In a medium pot, bring 1 13 cups water to a boil. Add the rice, cover and turn the heat to low. Cook until all the water has been absorbed and rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Let cool until warm.nTo the pot with the rice, stir in the milk, sugar and salt. Bring to a simmer, turn the heat to low and cook until the mixture is thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the chocolate chips and vanilla and let rest for 5 minutes. Serve warm or cover and cool in refrigerate for at least 1 hour., ingredients: [23 cups white rice, 3 cups whole milk, 12 cup sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Rice Pudding, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 54943: {instructions: Toast the nuts over low heat in a small pan. Warm the chocolatehazelnut spread in the microwave until it has the consistency of hot fudge sauce, 40 seconds to 1 minute.nIn sundae cups or small bowls, layer ice cream with sliced cookies, toasted nuts and chocolatehazelnut sauce. Garnish with a twist of whipped cream from a canister.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [1 cup chopped nuts, such as hazelnuts, 1 cup chocolatehazelnut spread such as Nutella, 2 pints rumraisin ice cream, 12 soft figcake cookies such as Fig Newtons, sliced, Whipped cream, from a canister], title: Figgy Sundaes, picturelink: ENkQ3B1Yy.XWo5RhwdiK62X5TUmMuGm}, 54944: {instructions: In a large bowl combine fresh ginger, garlic, pasta seasoning, salt, pepper and olive oil to make a marinade. Slice vegetables into 12inch thick slices and add to marinade. Toss to coat well with marinade and let sit for 1 hour. Cook on a hot grill long enough so vegetables are grill marked and softened on the inside, about 6 to 10 minutes on each side. Individual types of vegetables may vary as to cooking time. Remove, arrange on platter and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fresh ginger, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 4 tablespoons Irvine Spices Supreme Salad and Pasta Mix Seasoning, Salt, Pepper, 2 cups olive oil, approximately, 4 red bell peppers, 4 zucchini, 3 eggplant, 3 yellow squash, 4 red onions], title: Ginger Marinated Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 54945: {instructions: Dredge scallops in flour, shaking off excess, and season with salt and pepper. In large skillet set over moderate flame, heat olive oil and butter until hot. Add scallops and saute for 1 minute on each side. Transfer to sauce for just a minute and season mixture with fresh lemon juice and chervil.nMake the sauce: In a saute pan set over moderately high flame, heat the oil and butter until hot. Add the shallots and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the mushrooms, thyme and salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until mushrooms are soft. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the wine and reduce by half. Add the demiglace and simmer 5 minutes. Add the cream and reduce until lightly thickened. Correct seasoning. Cover with a round of buttered waxed paper and keep hot., ingredients: [8 veal cutlets, pounded into scaloppini, Flour for dredging, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Fresh lemon juice to taste, Minced fresh chervil to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup minced shallots, 12 pound wild mushrooms, such as chanterelles, shiitake, oyster or a combination, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup veal demiglace, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Sauteed Veal Scallops in Wild Mushroom Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54946: {instructions: Pierce the brat casing multiple times with a fork prior to boiling.nIn a large pasta pot, add beer. Add onion and garlic. Bring to a boil. Add brats. Allow beer to come back to a boil, reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat.nRemove brats from beer, pat dry and grill, turning frequently, until brats are browned all over, about 8 to 10 minutes.nTo serve brats Classic Style, serve 2 brats each on round, hard rolls with Buttered Kraut and brown mustard.nTo serve brats Stadium Style, serve 1 brat on a brat or hoagie pun with ketchup, mustard, onion and Buttered Kraut.nPlace sauerkraut in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat this can also be done in a saucepan on the grill while grilling the brats. Add beer and cook until liquid is almost completely reduced. Add butter, cook, stirring frequently, until butter is melted and absorbs into the kraut, about 5 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds bratwurst, 12 12ounce cans light beer, 1 onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 8 round hard rolls or 16 bratwurst or hoagie buns, split, Butter Kraut, recipe follows, Ketchup, for serving, Brown mustard, for serving, Chopped onion, for serving, 1 16ounce package sauerkraut, drained, 12 12ounce bottle beer, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter], title: Packer Brats, picturelink: null}, 54947: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 2quart casserole dish and set aside.nAdd the potatoes to a large pot of cold, salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain in a colander in the sink.nMash the potatoes in a large bowl. Add the evaporated milk, brown sugar, butter, vanilla, cinnamon, beaten eggs, salt and pepper, to taste. Mix together until smooth. Pour the mixture into the casserole dish and bake for 25 minutes.nIn a small bowl, toss together the cashews, marshmallows, and coconut. Remove the casserole dish from oven and top with the cashew mixture. Bake until the marshmallows are lightly toasted, about 5 to 10 more minutes. Remove the casserole from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Butter, for casserole, 3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed, Salt, 1 4.5ounce can evaporated milk, 12 cup brown sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 eggs, beaten, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup coarsely chopped roasted, salted cashews, 12 cup mini marshmallows, 12 cup sweetened shredded coconut], title: Old School Sweet Potato Souffle, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 54948: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a jar with a tightlyfitting lid. Shake well to mix just before serving. Keep refrigerated., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil or olive oil, 2 tablespoons vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Dash of dry mustard, Dash of paprika], title: French Dressing, picturelink: null}, 54949: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high heat.nCut 3 thin slices into both sides of each fish. Drizzle both sides of the fish with 6 tablespoons of the olive oil, sprinkle with salt and black pepper, and put 4 cloves of the garlic into each fish cavity. Grill the fish until golden and browned, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Lower the heat to medium, throw the Scotch bonnet peppers on the grill, close the lid and continue cooking for 10 minutes.nCombine the orange segments, mango, onions and papaya in a large bowl. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon juice, lime juice, orange juice, cilantro and some salt and black pepper. Mix together, and then transfer to a serving platter.nGently place the fish over the citrus salad. Arrange the star fruit, if using, lemon slices, lime slices, orange slices and Scotch bonnet peppers on the platter and serve., ingredients: [2 whole fresh red snappers, gutted and cleaned, 8 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 cloves garlic, 6 to 10 Scotch bonnet chile peppers, 3 oranges, 1 juiced, 1 cut into segments, 1 thinly sliced, 1 mango, chopped, 1 red onion, sliced, 1 papaya, chopped, 2 lemons, 1 juiced, 1 thinly sliced, 2 limes, 1 juiced, 1 thinly sliced, Bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 star fruit, thinly sliced, optional], title: Grilled Red Snapper with a Fresh Citrus Salad, picturelink: null}, 54950: {instructions: Mix the potato, bread crumbs, onion, milk, and allspice with the spices and let sit for 10 minutes. Add the meat, season with salt and pepper, and mix until incorporated. Make a small meatball out of the meat mixture, fry it in a little butter, and taste. Adjust the seasoning, if necessary.nRoll the meat mixture into 12inch round meatballs and place them on a wet plate. In a large skillet, fry them in butter until golden brown.nTo serve, spread some of the relish on the slice of bread and top with the meatballs. Serve at room temperature.nIn a food processor, combine the beets, apple, vinegar and sugar and pulse until the apples and beets are finely chopped. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and combine with the mayonnaise and allspice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [12 peeled, boiled russet potato, grated, 3 tablespoons dry bread crumbs, 12 cup minced onion, 34 cup milk, Pinch allspice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, Unsalted butter, for frying, Red Beet Relish, recipe follows, Thinly sliced whole wheat bread about 3 by 3inches wide, as needed, 2 cooked red beets, peeled and chopped, 14 Golden Delicious apple, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon mayonnaise, Pinch ground allspice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ulrikas Mothers Meatballs with Red Beet Relish, picturelink: null}, 54951: {instructions: Combine sugar, rum, orange liqueur, fruits, and cinnamon sticks in a large pitcher. Cover with 1 bottle of wine and chill sangria several hours.nTo serve, spoon fruits into glasses or goblets and pour over spiced wine. Top glasses of sangria off with a splash of soda water, ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons 3 splashes spiced dark rum, 3 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 navel orange, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 2 ripe peaches, cut into wedges, 3 ripe plums, cut into wedges, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 bottle Rioja, Sparkling soda water, for topping off glasses of sangria at table], title: Sunset Sangria, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 54952: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Melt the 4 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet and reserve.nBrush the interior of a large bowl with the remaining 1 tablespoon of butter and set aside.nWhisk the flour and salt and pepper, to taste, together in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs and water well and fold in the ricotta and thyme. Pour the wet ingredients into the flour and whisk well until smooth. The batter should be the consistency of a thick pancake batter add more water, if necessary.nIn batches, with a large rubber spatula, hold a colander with medium holes over the boiling water and push the batter through the holes into the water. Cook each batch until they all float, about 1 minute. Using a large strainer or slotted spoon, lift them out of the water, shake off the excess water, and drop them into the buttered bowl. Continue cooking spaetzle, tossing in the buttered bowl to keep them from sticking.nBring the skillet with the melted butter to a simmer over medium heat and cook until the butter begins to brown a bit. The milk solids will turn golden brown in the bottom of the skillet. Add the spaetzle and toss well to coat in the browned butter. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 eggs, 13 cup water, 1 cup whole milk ricotta, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped], title: Ricotta Thyme Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 54953: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the sugar, honey, glucose and brewed tea in a small saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer and cook on high heat. While cooking the candy syrup, occasionally wash down the pan sides using a clean brush dipped in water to prevent crystallization. Without stirring, cook until mixture reaches 310 degrees or hard crack on the candy thermometer.nSpray lollipop molds lightly with nonstick cooking spray. Place lemon rinds and mint leaves in each section. Place lollipop sticks into mold. Remove the pot from the heat and dip it into an ice bath for 15 seconds to stop the cooking. Remove the pot from the ice bath. To avoid air bubbles, swirl hot candy syrup in both directions, being careful not to over mix. Pour the syrup into the molds 23 of the way full and cool at least 20 minutes. Remove from molds., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons glucose, 8 tablespoons brewed tea, Nonstick cooking spray, Lollipop molds, Lemon rinds, Mint leaves, Lollipop sticks], title: Honey Tea Lollipops, picturelink: rj8FIFQE9bWQIu7oMXqQXjbnAiwFaY2}, 54954: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill for medium heat.nSplit the yellow squash and zucchini lengthwise down the middle. Brush them and the corn with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper and grill until the veggies are somewhat soft and have nice grill marks. Allow to cool slightly, then cut the squash and zucchini into large dice. Scrape the corn from the cob.nWarm the tortillas in a microwave. Heat the black beans in a pot and mash with a fork.nTo build the burritos, heap some Garlic Cilantro Lime Rice, mashed beans and diced veggies in the middle of each tortilla. Top with grated cheese, chopped tomatoes, chopped onions and sour cream. Tuck in the ends and roll into a burrito shape.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and add the rice and salt. Cook over a low heat for 3 minutes, stirring constantly to make sure the rice doesnt burn. Add 2 cups of the broth and the juice and zest of 2 limes and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or until the rice is done. Add more liquid as needed. The rice shouldnt be sticky.nJust before serving, stir through the juice of 1 lime and lots of chopped cilantro.n2012 Ree Drummond, All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [1 yellow squash, 1 zucchini, 1 ear yellow corn, Olive oil, for brushing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 burritosized tortillas, 2 cups black beans, 12 recipe Garlic Cilantro Lime Rice, recipe follows, 12 cup grated Monterey Jack, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup chopped onions, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 to 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Juice of 3 limes and zest of 2 limes hold back juice of 1 lime for garnish, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Grilled Veggie Burritos, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 54955: {instructions: Using a food processor, grind the peanuts until coarse. Add the powdered sugar and peanut butter and continue mixing for 2 minutes, scraping down the sides as needed, until a compact paste is formed.nRemove the peanut mazapan mixture from the food processor. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough to 34inch thick. With a 2inch round cookie cutter, cut out circles of dough and carefully remove them onto a baking sheet lined with wax or parchment paper. You can reform and roll the dough again to yield the remaining rounds.nServe immediately, or wrap in parchment paper and refrigerate to store., ingredients: [2 cups roasted unsalted peanuts, 1 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon smooth peanut butter], title: Peanut Mazapanes, picturelink: SHoEWhn5M0LestCeYN1b8I19h0MhFe}, 54956: {instructions: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter a 1 12 quart souffle dish or casserole with 1 tablespoon of the butter and dust with 1 tablespoon of the cornmeal.nIn a medium saucepan, scald the halfandhalf and remaining butter over mediumhigh heat. While whisking constantly, gradually pour in the cornmeal and salt. Lower the heat and simmer, while whisking, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Scrape the cornmeal mixture into a bowl and whisk in the egg yolks, one by one. Whisk in the baking powder, chives, and cayenne.nIn a clean nonreactive bowl, whip the egg whites to soft peaks. Lightly mix a quarter of the whites into the cornmeal mixture to lighten it, and then fold in the rest with a rubber spatula. Pour the batter into the prepared dish and bake until puffed and golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve immediately as a side dish or as a main course with tomato salad.nIn a large serving bowl, whisk together the vinegar, salt, pepper, and olive oil. Add the tomatoes, herbs, and scallions and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper, if needed. Set aside for 5 minutes to allow the flavors to come together. Serve.nYield: 4 servingsnCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon stoneground cornmeal, 2 12 cups halfandhalf, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, separated, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon thinly sliced chives, Pinch cayenne pepper, Tomato Salad with Herbs, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon sherry wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 pounds assorted vineripened heirloom tomatoes, cored and cut into 12inch wedges, 14 cup mixed minced fresh herbs, like parsley, basil, chives, tarragon, dill or mint, 2 scallions white and green, thinly sliced], title: Spoonbread, picturelink: null}, 54957: {instructions: Place the pureed kiwis, sugar syrup, and lemon juice in the ice cream machine freezer. Begin freezing according to manufacturers instructions.nIf youre using the egg white, whip the egg white until very frothy, but not yet at soft peak. Stop the machine briefly and fold in the egg white. Continue freezing until entirely frozen.nRemove to a sealable container. Keep in the freezer.nPlace both in a saucepan. Bring to the boil. As the liquid clears, cover and let cool. Store in the refrigerator will keep for weeks.nChef Notes: Since this ice cream is made without stabilizers, preservatives, or frothing agents, you should not store for more than 1 to 2 weeks.nThe recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 pound 6 ounces kiwis, peeled and pureed, 1 pint of sugar syrup use an extra 3 tablespoons if kiwis are tart, recipe follows, 1 to 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 egg white optional, 1 pint water, 2 cups granulated sugar], title: Kiwi Sherbet, picturelink: null}, 54958: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the maple syrup, cream, and pecans. Bring the liquid to a gentle boil over moderate heat, and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, until it is thickened, about 18 to 20 minutes.In a large skillet saute the bananas in the butter over moderately high heat for 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until they are browned lightly. Transfer the bananas to a heated platter and spoon the sauce over them or, if desired, use the bananas and the sauce as a topping for the ice cream. Garnish with banana chips, if using.nPrep time: 10 minutes Cooking time: 25 minutes, ingredients: [1 12 cups maple syrup, 34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup chopped pecans, 6 bananas, peeled and halved lengthwise and then crosswise, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Vanilla ice cream, as an accompaniment, optional, Banana Chips, as a garnish, optional], title: Sauteed Bananas with Maple Praline Sauce, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 54959: {instructions: Lay a sheet of phyllo out and brush with melted butter. Sprinkle onethird of the hazelnuts and then onethird of the garam masala. Repeat process two more times, placing each new phyllo dough sheet directly on top of the seasoned phyllo sheets. Cut the stack widthwise into 5 strips, place one shrimp on the near end of each strip, and roll. Place the rolls on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bake in a 375 degree oven for 8 minutes.nTo make the chutney, melt the butter in a saute pan, and sweat the ginger, shallots and garlic. Add sugar, tomato paste, tomato concasse and cilantro.nSpoon some chutney over each roll before serving it., ingredients: [3 sheets phyllo dough, Melted butter, 14 cup ground hazelnuts, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 5 headon gulf shrimp, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon ginger, chopped, 1 teaspoon shallots, chopped, 14 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 12 cup tomato concasse, 1 teaspoon lime juice, 14 cup cilantro, chopped], title: Baked Shrimp in Phyllo with Indian Spice Shrimp Wraps and Tomato Chutney, picturelink: null}, 54960: {instructions: Peel and quarter potato lengthwise. Grate in food processor on course blade. Make little mounds of potato, about the size of a sliver dollar, on a baking sheet. Flatten slightly with palm of hand. Pancakes should have a spider like quality.nHeat oil in medium skillet over medium high heat. Saute pancakes until golden on one side, about 3 to 5 minutes. Turn and brown on other side, another 3 to five minutes. Transfer to paper towel lined plate. Season with salt and pepper while still hot., ingredients: [1 large Idaho Baking potato, 4 vegetable oil, Salt and pepper], title: Ruthies Potato Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 54961: {instructions: For the dough: In a medium bowl, mix the yeast with the warm water and let sit for 5 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt and sugar, and whisk. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, mix the allpurpose and whole wheat flours. Make a hole in the middle and pour in the yeast mixture. Slowly hand mix the flour until all the liquid is absorbed. If too wet, add more flour, 14 cup at a time. Sprinkle a clean work station with flour and knead the dough until smooth and elastic. Coat a large ceramic bowl with the remaining olive oil. Place the dough in the ceramic bowl and flip over to coat in the oil. Cover the top of the dough with plastic wrap and cover the bowl with a dish towel. Let rise until the dough has doubled in size, 2 hours. Punch down the dough and let rise for another hour.nHeat canola oil to 350 degrees F in a deepfryer. Dust a clean surface with flour.nTear small chunks of the dough and roll into sticks. If they get too sticky, toss in flour and roll some more. Deepfry until crispy and golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain on a wire rack.nFor the chocolate nougat fondue: Melt the honey nougat milk chocolate over a double boiler on mediumlow heat. Add the bittersweet chocolate and whipping cream. Stir until melted. Pour into a bowl.nPut the frittelles on a plate and serve with a side of the chocolate nougat fondue., ingredients: [1 teaspoon yeast, 10 ounces warm water, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon raw sugar, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 cup whole wheat flour, Canola oil, for frying, 2 cups roughly chopped honey nougat milk chocolate, 12 cup roughly chopped bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup whipping cream, at room temperature], title: Frittelle, picturelink: GQp7MKV4pEdVNlWQVWMCet6Kd9h7Ei6}, 54962: {instructions: LowSodium Recipen1. Heat an 8 inch sautu00e9 pan or wok over medium heat.n2. Add 12 Tbsp. of oil and toss with garlic, ginger and scallions. Stir fry quickly and remove to a bowl.n3. Add remaining 1 Tbsp. of oil to pan. Stir fry chicken strips until cooked through. Add reserved partially cooked vegetable mix, Mrs. Dash and finish cooking all together., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Original Seasoning Blend, 2 Tbsp. peanut oil, 2 garlic cloves, slivered, 2 tsp. ginger, grated, 3 scallions cut into 1 inch lengths, white and green parts, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 14 inch wide strips], title: Chicken Stir Fry, picturelink: GNSOYX4AAENEy1YyWycDfedsGcoKSXu}, 54963: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Place endives in a stainless steel pot. Add water, sugar, and lemon juice. Cover with a napkin or dishtowel and bring to a boil. Simmer 20 minutes and remove endives. Strain cooking liquid and reserve. Let endives cool and cut into quarters lengthwise. Set aside.nHeat a medium saute pan until very hot and add 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Season scallops with salt and pepper and quickly sear scallops for 3 minutes. Turn the scallops over and cook for 1 minute more. Remove.nIn another saute pan, add butter and let brown. Add balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons reserved endive cooking liquid, salt, pepper, chopped parsley, tomatoes, and shallots.nOn 4 dinner plates, fan out 4 pieces of endive. Warm plates in oven for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove plates from oven and place 3 scallops over endives and lightly nappe with sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large Belgian endives, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 large Maine sea scallops, Salt and pepper, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped Italian parsley, 2 teaspoons diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots], title: Maine Sea Scallops with Braised Endives and a Brown Balsamic Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54964: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter and dust with bread crumbs a 1quart souffle dish or 4 8ounce ramekins. Coarsely chop smoked salmon and put aside, or if using canned salmon, thoroughly drain the salmon. In a bowl, clean bones and skin from salmon. Break it into fine pieces with a fork. Set aside. Place all remaining ingredients in a blender container. Cover and blend at medium speed for about 30 seconds. Blend at high speed for another 10 to15 seconds. Stir the egg mixture into the bowl with the salmon. Pour the mixture into the prepared souffle dish or spoon the mixture into the prepared ramekins including an equal amount of salmon pieces in each. Bake for 45 minutes to 50 minutes on a cookie sheet, until puffy and delicately browned. Dont open oven door for at least 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Butter or margarine, Bread crumbs, 8 ounces smoked salmon or 1 7 12ounce can red salmon, 6 eggs, 12 ounces cottage cheese, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 12cup chopped red onion, 14cup fresh dill], title: Amazing Salmon Blender Souffle, picturelink: null}, 54965: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the parsley, cilantro, garlic, peppers and oil in a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a large baking dish, add the beef and toss to coat in the mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours.nHeat the grill to high. Skewer 2 pieces of the beef onto 2 skewers so that the meat lays flat on the grill. Season the meat on both sides with salt and pepper and grill until golden brown, slightly charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 3 minutes per side.nBrush the green onions with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until slightly charred and just cooked through.nServe skewers with grilled scallions and Sherry Vinegar Steak Sauce.nCombine the parsley, cilantro, garlic, peppers and oil in a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a large baking dish, add the beef and toss to coat in the mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours.nHeat the grill to high. Skewer 2 pieces of the beef onto 2 skewers so that the meat lays flat on the grill. Season the meat on both sides with salt and pepper and grill until golden brown, slightly charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, about 3 minutes per side.nBrush the green onions with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side or until slightly charred and just cooked through.nServe skewers with grilled scallions and Sherry Vinegar Steak Sauce.nPlace the peppers, vinegar, mustard, horseradish, honey, molasses, Worcestershire, salt and pepper in a food processor or blender and blend until smooth. Can be made 1 day in advance and refrigerated.nPlace the peppers, vinegar, mustard, horseradish, honey, molasses, Worcestershire, salt and pepper in a food processor or blender and blend until smooth. Can be made 1 day in advance and refrigerated., ingredients: [1 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 2 heads garlic, unpeeled, halved horizontally, 2 jalapeno peppers, tops trimmed, 12 cup canola oil, 18 ounces sirloin, cut into 1inch dice, 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for at least 30 minutes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 green onions, trimmed, Canola oil, Sherry Vinegar Steak Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 cup packed fresh cilantro leaves, 2 heads garlic, unpeeled, halved horizontally, 2 jalapeno peppers, tops trimmed, 12 cup canola oil, 18 ounces sirloin, cut into 1inch dice, 6inch wooden skewers, soaked in cold water for at least 30 minutes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 green onions, trimmed, Canola oil, Sherry Vinegar Steak Sauce, recipe follows, 4 piquillo peppers, drained and chopped or 2 roasted red peppers, drained and chopped, 12 cup aged sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 piquillo peppers, drained and chopped or 2 roasted red peppers, drained and chopped, 12 cup aged sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon molasses, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Argentinean Skewers with Sherry Vinegar Steak Sauce and Grilled Scallions, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 54966: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the ghee and stirfry the onions just until wilted, do not brown. Add the garlic, jalapeno, cumin, lentils, ginger, curry powder, salt, pepper, sugar and bay leaf. Saute for 1 to 2 minutes, until the herbs and spices bloom aromatic. Add the tomatoes and deglaze with the vinegar. Add the chicken stock, bring to a boil and then lower to a simmer and cook until lentils are tender, stirring occasionally. Taste and adjust seasoning with cumin, salt, pepper and sugar.nIn a large saute pan, combine the black peppercorns, cloves, cardamom seeds, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, cinnamon sticks, and dried red chiles. Over medium heat, cook just until slightly toasted, stirring constantly. Turn off heat and stir in the grated nutmeg.nTransfer to a food processor and grind to a fine powder. Pass through a fine strainer. Allow to cool to room temperature. Store in an airtight jar. Use as needed., ingredients: [14 cup ghee or clarified butter, 1 12 cups diced onions, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 jalapeno peppers, cored, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, toasted and crushed, 2 cups orange lentils, 2 tablespoons finely minced ginger, 2 tablespoons Garam Masala, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 bay leaf, 34 cup diced tomatoes, 12 tablespoon rice vinegar, 8 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 12 tablespoon whole cloves, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 3 tablespoons cumin seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, Four 3inch cinnamon sticks, 14 cup dried red chiles, 12 tablespoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Dal, picturelink: null}, 54967: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Center a rack in the oven. Butter a 9inch round cake pan. Dust with flour, tapping out the excess.nPour a few inches of water into a skillet large enough to hold the bowl from your mixer. Bring the water to a gentle simmer. Melt the butter and set it aside to cool. It should be just warm when youre ready for it.nWhisk the eggs and sugar together in the mixer bowl. Place the bowl in the skillet of simmering water and, whisking without stop, heat the mixture until it is foamy, slightly pale, and reads between 130 and 140 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 4 minutes. Remove the bowl from the water. Working in the mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the mixture on high speed until it cools to room temperature and triples in volume. When you lift the whisk, the batter will fall back into the bowl and form a ribbon that remains on the surface for 10 seconds before it dissolves, about 5 to 8 minutes.nStir about 2 tablespoons of batter into the slightly cooled butter and set it aside. With a large flexible rubber spatula, gently fold the flour into the batter in 2 or 3 additions, taking care to handle the batter gently in order to maintain its bubble structure. The batter will lose volume as you fold in the flour and later the butter. This reaction is inevitable and shouldnt jeopardize the success of the finished cake, but be careful just the same. Still working with the spatula, fold in the butter mixture.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until the top is golden and springy to the touch and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, 28 to 33 minutes. Transfer the cake to a cooling rack for 5 minutes. Remove cake from pan, invert, and cool completely on the rack., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 2 ounces unsalted butter, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, plus more for pan, 6 large eggs, 1 cup sugar], title: Genoise, picturelink: null}, 54968: {instructions: Make gingerbread: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a buttered jellyroll pan, 15 12 x 10 12 x 1inch, with wax paper. Butter and flour paper, knocking out excess flour.nIn a bowl whisk together flour, baking soda, salt and spices. In a large bowl with an electric mixer beat together butter, sugar, molasses, and oil until combined well. Beat in eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and add flour mixture, beating until batter is combined well.nSpread batter evenly into prepared pan and bake in middle of oven 15 minutes, or until gingerbread springs back when pressed lightly. Invert gingerbread onto a rack and cool completely. Peel off wax paper. Gingerbread may be made 1 day ahead and kept wrapped in plastic wrap. Cut gingerbread into 12inch cubes.nMake blueberry sauce: In a small saucepan simmer sauce ingredients, stirring occasionally, 40 to 45 minutes, or until reduced to about 2 12 cups. Cool sauce completely and chill, covered. Blueberry sauce may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.nMake lemon mousse: In a heavy saucepan whisk together yolks and sugar. Add lemon juice and butter and cook over moderately low heat, whisking constantly, until butter is melted completely. Cook mixture, whisking constantly, until it just reaches the boiling point and is thickened do not let mixture boil, 7 to 12 minutes more.nStrain lemon mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl. Stir in zest and cool mixture completely, its surface covered with plastic wrap. Chill mixture until cold, about 2 hours.In a bowl with an electric mixer beat cream until it just holds stiff peaks. Whisk onefourth whipped cream into lemon mixture to lighten it and fold in remaining cream gently but thoroughly. Chill mousse, covered, at least 3 hours or overnight. Mousse may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered.nArrange 12 cup gingerbread cubes in bottom of each of 8 glasses about 1 12 cup capacities. Spoon 14 cup mousse over gingerbread in each glass and spoon 2 heaping tablespoons sauce over each layer of mousse. Repeat layering with all but about 1 cup gingerbread and remaining mousse and blueberry sauce. Alternatively, a large trifle can be made in a 3quart bowl by layering ingredients in same order.nChill trifle, covered, at least 6 hours or overnight. Garnish trifle with zest., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup unsulfured molasses, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 1 12 pounds frozen blueberries about 5 cups, 34 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 8 large egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup fresh lemon juice from about 3 large lemons, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest from about 2 large lemons, 1 cup wellchilled heavy cream, Fresh lemon zest, removed with a vegetable peeler and cut into julienne strips], title: Lemon, Blueberry, and Gingerbread Trifles, picturelink: null}, 54969: {instructions: In a pitcher, stir together the vodka, orange juice, sparkling water, if using, vermouth and bitters. Pour into 4 icedfilled oldfashion glasses and garnish with a sprig of fresh thyme and an orange slice.nIn a pitcher, combine the oregano, thyme and rosemary. Using a wooden spoon, gently crush the herbs. Add the vodka and cover the pitcher with plastic. Store at room temperature for at least 24 hours. Strain before using., ingredients: [1 cup HerbInfused Vodka, recipe follows, 34 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup sparkling water, optional, 12 cup sweet vermouth, 14 cup bitters, such as Campari, Ice, Fresh thyme sprigs and orange slices, for garnish, Eight 6inch long stems fresh oregano, Eight 4inch long stems fresh thyme, Four 6inch long stems fresh rosemary, One 750 ml bottle vodka], title: Herb and Orange Negroni, picturelink: NJuWcnq3e70dJPUpUdEs51IlIPizui}, 54970: {instructions: Place onions in boiling salted water to cover. Cook 10 minutes and drain. Cut a thin slice off top of each onion and carefully squeeze out inside ribs, leaving 2 larger, outer ribs intact. Finely chop inner ribs of 1 onion and set aside.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Heat enough clarified butter in saucepan to cover base. When hot, add garlic, tomatoes, salt, pepper and sugar. Add wine and boil gently, uncovered, for 10 minutes.nIn another pan, heat some clarified butter and add onion innards and minced beef. Brown meat and reduce heat, add bacon and season with salt, pepper and allspice. Stir together and fry gently for 2 minutes. Transfer meat mixture to bowl, add eggs, parsley stalks, basil and oregano. Spoon this mixture into reserved large onion ribs. Place onions in ovenproof dish.nStrain tomato sauce and pour around onion. Add bay leaf to sauce. Place in oven and cook 20 minutes. Place baked onions on serving platter and quickly reduce sauce. Strain over onions and garnish with chopped parsley leaves., ingredients: [4 large whole onions, peeled, Clarified butter, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 12 pounds tomatoes, cored, quartered, Salt, to taste, Black pepper, to taste, Pinch sugar, to taste, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 12 pound minced beef, 4 ounces bacon slices, cut into thin pieces, 12 teaspoon allspice, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon finely cut parsley stalks, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, or 20 fresh leaves, chopped, 1 bay leaf, Parsley, to garnish, roughly chopped], title: Stuffed Onions in Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 54971: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except cabbage, in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place cabbage in a large bowl and toss with the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper and let sit 30 minutes in the refrigerator before serving., ingredients: [12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup canola oil, Salt and pepper, 12 head red cabbage, finely shredded], title: Red Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: 1vU2xeJFZK9HzOHE2Nus2UyHlae2YLu}, 54972: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd half of the oil to a large saucepan or skillet over medium heat. Once hot, cook the onions, bell peppers, jalapeno, olives and capers until just softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, and sweat until just aromatic, about a minute. Stir in the tomato paste and deglaze with the red wine. Stir in the tomatoes and bring the pan to mediumhigh heat. Reduce until the liquid is almost evaporated, about 7 minutes. Fold in the oregano, mixing well. Continue cooking until the stuffing is a thick, pulpy consistency, about 3 minutes more. Remove from the heat.nSeason with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and set aside to cool.nScore both sides of the fish. Stuff the cavity of the fish, using about half of the stuffing set the remaining stuffing aside. Secure with three evenly spaced lengths of kitchen twine.nBring the remaining oil to mediumhigh heat in a large, nonstick skillet. Sprinkle the fish on both sides, and place in the skillet once the oil begins to smoke lightly. Sear until the skin browns on the bottom, 3 to 4 minutes. Using a fish spatula, flip the fish gently, and then place the whole skillet onto the middle rack of the oven. Bake until the fish is golden brown, the flesh flakes easily and the stuffing is hot throughout, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the skillet and place onto platter with the julienned bell peppers and jicama, if desired.nPut the skillet back over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining stuffing. Deglaze the pan with the vermouth and stir to combine. Cook for about 1 minute. Remove the kitchen twine from the fish. Garnish the fish with the crispy tortilla strips, the stuffing and a squeeze of lime juice.nTo serve: Transfer portions to plates. Garnish with lime wedges and serve with a nice, cold Mexican beer., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 12 medium red onion, julienned, 12 cup julienned green bell pepper, seeded and membrane removed, 12 cup julienned red bell pepper, seeded and membrane removed, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 14 cup sliced green olives, 1 tablespoon drained brined capers, 3 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup dry red wine, 2 cups fireroasted diced tomatoes, 3 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, One 3pound pink snapper, whole, scaled, gutted, Julienned bell peppers and jicama, for garnish, 14 cup vermouth, Crispy tortilla strips, for garnish, Lime wedges, for garnish, Mexican beers, cold, for serving], title: Stuffed Snapper Veracruz, picturelink: 1kc75QSz0Sor9RG8B1m9F9QVbc3Orvq}, 54973: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Spray the muffin tin with cooking spray.nCombine the butter and 1 14 cups of the sugar in the large bowl and beat with the mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy. ADd the eggs and 3 tablespoons of the lemon juice and beat until well combined, scraping down the bowl once or twice as necessary. Mix in the flour, baking powder, slat, and 2 teaspoons of the lemon zest until just combined.nIn the small bowl, mash together the cream cheese, the remaining 14 cup sugar, the remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice, and the remaining 1 teaspoon lemon zest until combined.nSpoon about 3 tablespoons of the batter into each muffin cup. Place about 1 tablespoon of the cream cheese mixture on top of each portion of batter and cover the cheese with some of the remaining batter the batter should reach threequarters of the way to the top of each cup. Bake until golden, about 20 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool in the pan for 10 minutes before turning over onto the wire rack to cool completely. Use the strainer to sift the tops with confectioners sugar before serving if desired., ingredients: [34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 6 large eggs, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 14 cups cake flour or allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 34 cup cream cheese, softened, Confectioners sugar for dusting optional], title: Lemon Cream Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 54974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: twelve 8inch bamboo skewersnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a wire rack.nAdd the flour to a pie plate or dish and season with salt and pepper. Beat the eggs in a second pie plate. Mix together the panko, Parmesan, parsley and red pepper flakes in a third pie plate.nSlice the chicken breasts in half horizontally. Slice each half into 2 long strips for 4 strips per breast. Sprinkle the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Skewer each piece of chicken and then dredge each through the flour, then the egg and finally the panko. Place on the prepared baking sheet and brush the chicken sticks lightly with the melted butter.nBake until golden brown and fully cooked, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve with warm Fresh Tomato Sauce.nCombine the olive oil, red pepper flakes and garlic in a saucepan. Saute over mediumhigh heat until the garlic is fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add in the tomatoes, salt and pepper to taste, bring to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes. Tear the basil leaves and stir them into the sauce. Yield: 4 cups, ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 boneless skinless chicken breasts about 1 12 pounds, 3 tablespoons melted butter, Fresh Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, for serving, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and chopped, One 28ounce jar crushed red tomatoes, canned at the peak of the season, or storebought canned crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves], title: Chicken Parmesan Sticks, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 54975: {instructions: 1. In large bowl combine KELLOGGS RICE KRISPIES cereal, chocolate, cherries and nuts.n2. In medium saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows. Stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Pour over cereal mixture. Stir until well coated.n3. Evenly press into 8 x 8 x 2inch dish coated with cooking spray. Refrigerate for 30 minutes. Cut into squares. Best if served the same day.nNote: For best results, use fresh marshmallowsnFor more great recipes, visit www.Kelloggs.com.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9 2010 Kellogg NA Co., ingredients: [2 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, or 1 cup semisweet chocolate morsels, 12 cup chopped dried cherries, 12 cup chopped pistachio nuts, toasted, 3 tablespoons butter or unsalted butter, 2 cups miniature marshmallows or 20 regular marshmallows, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Chocolate Cherry Treatsand153, picturelink: null}, 54976: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the buttermilk and hot sauce in a 13 by 9inch casserole dish. Add catfish fillets and cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour. After 1 hour, remove the catfish from the refrigerator and pat dry with paper towels.nSet up your grill for indirect heat at a mediumlow temperature, about 275 degrees F.nMix together the oregano, lemon peel and salt, pepper, in a small bowl. Lightly coat the fish with olive oil and sprinkle the seasoning evenly over the catfish fillets.nPut the catfish on the grill away from the hot coals. Smoke the catfish until it is fully cooked through and golden brown, about for 45 minutes. Remove the fish from the grill to a serving platter and serve with the Orange Dill Cream Sauce.nAdd all the ingredients to a serving bowl and serve with the smoked catfish., ingredients: [1 quart buttermilk, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 4 large catfish fillets, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoons dehydrated lemon peel, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, Olive oil, 23 cup plain yogurt, 23 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped green onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped dill, Dash hot sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pats Smoked Catfish, picturelink: UinKnleeV3CRBDgdt9PZZ1TW5CyFsr.}, 54977: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add about 2 inches of water to a large pot fitted with a steamer insert, and bring to a high simmer. Arrange the peppers in the steamer, cover the pot and cook, rotating the peppers as needed, until they are very tender and pliable, about 25 minutes. Remove the peppers with a slotted spoon, and drain upsidedown on paper towels.nPut the oil, onions and a pinch of salt in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft and translucent, about 8 minutes. Raise the heat to mediumhigh. Add the beef, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper, and cook, stirring and breaking the beef up, until browned and mostly cooked through, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat. Let cool in the skillet for at least 10 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, add the rice, parsley, 1 cup of the mozzarella, breadcrumbs, eggs and Worcestershire and mix to combine.nStand the peppers up in a 9by13 inch baking dish. If they fall over, cut away a little of the bottoms without cutting through the pepper to make a flat surface.nGenerously fill and pack the peppers with the meatrice mixture. Top with the remaining 12 cup mozzarella. Add just enough water to the pan to cover the bottom to help steam the peppers. Loosely cover with foil, and bake until the peppers are tender and the filling is heated through, about 30 minutes. Remove the foil, and continue to bake for 10 minutes more., ingredients: [6 medium green bell peppers, tops and seeds removed, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 pound ground beef, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, One 28ounce can diced fireroasted tomatoes, 2 cups cooked rice, 1 cup loosely packed fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella, 12 cup plain dry breadcrumbs, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce], title: Stuffed Green Peppers, picturelink: d3nA8yJ88OC9CBUpXJPcryaMiRg.i5O}, 54978: {instructions: Dunk bread quickly in milk and press the liquid out to dampen the bread.nCombine the beef, bread, onion, garlic, oregano, mint, vinegar, eggs, nutmeg, salt, and pepper in a bowl and mix well. Take a large spoon of the mixture and roll into a ball until all the mixture has been rolled.nIn a saute pan, add the olive oil and bring it to 360degrees F for frying. Dust the balls in flour and add to the oil. Brown on all sides, leaving room in the pan to roll them around. Pull from the pan and drain on paper towels.nServe with pita and cucumber yogurt sauce.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and mix well., ingredients: [3 slices white bread with crust, 1 cup milk, 2 pounds ground beef, 1 yellow onion, minced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup finely chopped oregano, 2 finely chopped tablespoons mint, 2 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 2 eggs beaten, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 cup olive oil, Flour, for dusting, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pita Bread, Cucumber Yogurt Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups plain yogurt, 1 cup seeded and smalldiced cucumber, 3 cloves minced garlic, Salt], title: Keftedes: Greek Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 54979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring water to a boil and cook rice noodles according to package directions. Drain, rinse and cool makes about 2 cups.nLine up ingredients in small bowls before beginning to make rolls. Fill a large bowl or saucepan with very warm water. Place a rice paper round in the hot water. Soak for between 30 seconds and 1 minute, or until rice round is pliable and pattern on the round is barely visible. Remove and place on a clean, slightly damp kitchen towel.nPlace 2 basil leaves on the inner edge of the rice round, about 1inch from the edge and leaving about 1inch on each side. Top with approximately 14 cup cooked rice noodles. Place 2 shrimp halves on top. Top with about 2 tablespoons carrots, then 2 leaves of mint. Fold 1 piece of lettuce leaf and place on top of pile. Bring the edge over filling and tuck underneath. As you continue to roll, fold in the sides. Finish rolling, repeat with the other rolls, and reserve under a damp cloth or paper towel. When ready to serve, slice in half and serve, cut ends up, with dipping sauce.nDissolve sugar in warm water, combine with other ingredients, and chill until ready to use., ingredients: [2 ounces Vietnamese or Thai rice noodles, 6 rice paper rounds, 14 cup, or 12 fresh Thai basil leaves or regular basil leaves, rinsed and dried, 6 medium shrimp, cooked and halved, 12 cup shredded carrot, 12 cup, or 12 whole large fresh mint leaves, rinsed and dried, 3 redleaf lettuce leaves, leaves, spines removed, leaving 6 halves, Vinegar Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons warm water, 14 cup rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili sauce recommended: Sriracha, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon fish sauce or lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon finely shredded carrot, 1 scallion, thinly sliced], title: Soft Asian Summer Rolls with Sweet and Savory Dipping Sauce, picturelink: myU3nnDzxa8JNLC3ZYHYYed2mhyvxbW}, 54980: {instructions: You only need three ingredients to make this St. Paddys app: puff pastry, pesto and an egg. Roll out a sheet of thawed puff pastry into a 12by14inch rectangle on a floured surface and cut a 12inchthick strip from one long side for the stems. Spread pesto on the rectangle, then roll both long sides toward the middle until they meet see below. Cut the log into 12inchthick slices and pinch the bottom of each slice to form a heart shape. Arrange three hearts together on a parchmentlined baking sheet to create a shamrock shape, using beaten egg to glue the sides together. Cut the reserved strip of dough into stems lightly press onto the shamrocks and brush the stems with more beaten egg. Bake at 400 degrees F, about 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Ralph Smith, ingredients: [], title: Shamrock Pesto Snacks, picturelink: uBzEWH0CB43JWcQ7kYKrPJPs4RdD7Aq}, 54981: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHalve the tomatoes lengthwise and arrange them cutside up on wire racks set over rimmed baking sheets. Drizzle with EVOO and sprinkle with the thyme, salt and pepper. Roast until the tomatoes are slumped but still moist in the center, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Let cool.nHeat 2 tablespoons EVOO in a pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions, and season with salt and pepper. Cook until very soft but not caramelized, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the vodka and cook until reduced by half. Add the chicken stock and roasted tomatoes and heat through. Stir in the mascarpone, then puree into a fairly smooth, creamy sauce using an immersion blender, food processor or blender. Return the sauce to the pot, add the basil and stir until wilted.nBring a large pot of water to a boil for the pasta, and season with salt. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain.nToss the pasta with the sauce and transfer to a glass or ceramic baking dish. Top with the mozzarella and parmesan. If you are making the pasta ahead of time, cool it and then cover with parchment and foil. Store in the refrigerator.nWhen you are ready to serve, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake the casserole, covered, until heated through, about 45 minutes. Uncover and bake until brown and bubbly on top, 15 to 20 more minutes.nCooks Note: Serve with a salad of escarole or romaine dressed with lemon juice, EVOO, salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 pounds plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus more for drizzling, About 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 cup vodka, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, Generous handful fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 pound penne rigate or other shortcut pasta, 1 cup diced fresh mozzarella, 1 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano], title: Roasted Tomato Penne alla Vodka, picturelink: 4n8qCCuoqwA7kkUsL4jXiJge4Ej2ypa}, 54982: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a small baking sheet with cooking spray. Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until tendercrisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain well and blot the broccoli dry with paper towels. Meanwhile, lay 1 phyllo sheet on a work surface with the long side facing you. Keep the remaining phyllo covered with a clean damp kitchen towel to prevent it from drying out. Lightly spray the phyllo with cooking spray. Continue layering with 9 more phyllo sheets, lightly spraying each sheet with the cooking spray. Whisk together the mustard, salt, pepper and eggs in a medium bowl. Stir the broccoli and ham into the egg mixture. Heat the oil in large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the egg mixture and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until just set, 2 to 3 minutes. Do not overcook. Spoon the egg mixture over the phyllo, leaving a 2inch border. Sprinkle with the Cheddar. Fold the short sides of the phyllo over the filling and roll up jellyroll style. Do not roll too tightly. Place the strudel, seamside down, on the baking sheet. Lightly spray the strudel with cooking spray. Cut four 1inch slits in the top to allow the steam to escape. Bake until the filling is hot and the phyllo is golden, about 20 minutes. Let the strudel cool on the baking sheet on a rack at least 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPer Serving: 233 Cal 16g Protein 10g Tot Fat 3g Sat Fat 4g Mono Fat 20g Carb 2g Fiber 1g Sugar 116mg Calcium 2mg Iron 827mg Sodium 177mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups broccoli florets, Ten 9by14inch sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 4 large eggs, 1 cup cooked diced ham, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 23 cup reducedfat shredded Cheddar], title: Breakfast Strudel, picturelink: null}, 54983: {instructions: Prepare the radicchio, vinaigrette mixed with a touch mayonnaise or not, as you wish and chives finely chopped.nRight before serving, set scallops in a wide skillet barely cover with water and just bring to a simmer, cover and simmer one minute. Remove from heat and pat dry.nMix warm scallops and radicchio together and set on dinner plate. Drizzle dressing over top and garnish with chives., ingredients: [3 cups radicchio cut into chiffonade, 14 cup Lemon vinaigrette, Touch of mayonnaise or not, as you wish, 12 ounces sea scallops food removed sliced in half horizontally, Minced chives], title: Scallop Salad, picturelink: null}, 54984: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large saute pan over medium heat until brown and crispy on both sides. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels and reserve.nPreheat a griddle or nonstick saute pan to medium. Between two pieces of paper towels, pat dry the mozzarella.nSpread each piece of bread with a thin, even layer of butter. Spread the other side of each piece of bread with Dijon. Lay the bread down with the Dijon sides facing up on a baking sheet.nPlace one slice of fontina, one slice of mozzarella and then another slice of fontina on each piece of bread. Lay 3 bacon slices on half of the slices of the cheeselined bread. Top the bacon with an even layer of apple slices these are the bottoms, the ones with just cheese are the topstogether they make a pair.nPlace the tops and bottoms on the griddle butterside down and cook until the bread gets brown and crusty and the cheese begins to melt, 5 to 7 minutes. When the cheese is nice and melty, flip the tops onto the bottoms so the cheese is on the inside. Give each sandwich a press, flip over and cook for 1 to 2 minutes more.nCut the sandwiches in half on the bias and serve hot., ingredients: [12 slices bacon, 8 slices fresh mozzarella, 14 inch thick, 8 slices pumpernickel, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 16 slices fontina, thinly sliced from the deli, 1 Honey Crisp apple, peeled and sliced really thinly], title: Fontina and Mozzarella Grilled Cheese with Bacon and Honey Crisp Apples, picturelink: XBLY1oHNShHm4YbtlCQEYeEylQWiYa}, 54985: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCoat a large roasting pan and large baking sheet with cooking spray.nSeason salmon with salt and pepper and place in prepared roasting pan. In a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, molasses, brown sugar, and garlic. Pour mixture over salmon in pan. Arrange oranges over salmon, set aside.nArrange potatoes and haricots verts on baking sheet and spray with cooking spray. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nRoast salmon and vegetables for 20 to 25 minutes, until fish is forktender and potatoes are golden brown and tender. Remove from oven.nServe about 23 of the salmon, about 16 ounces or 4 fillets with all of the vegetables. Reserve remaining salmon about 8 ounces or 2 fillets for the linguine, if desired, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 pounds salmon fillets, 6 fillets or 2 whole sides, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons molasses, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 11ounce can mandarin oranges, drained, 1 pound fingerling potatoes or Yukon gold potatoes, cut into thin strips, 2 cups haricots verts or string beans], title: Teriyaki Roasted Salmon with Oranges, Fingerling Potatoes and Haricots Verts, picturelink: Q.V7fAEaipHf3bW0l6PgqXFUV7Moi2}, 54986: {instructions: In a wide, heavy saute pan, bring the wine to a boil with the bay leaves. Put in just enough mussels to cover the bottom of the pan. Cover and cook over medium heat 3 to 5 minutes, or until all the shells are open. Lift out mussels with a slotted spoon and set in a bowl to cool. Cook remaining mussels in the same way, in batches as necessary. Reserve the liquid for another use. Discard shells and place mussels in a bowl with tomatoes, onion, olives, oregano, tomato, orange and lime juices, salt, pepper and olive oil. Refrigerate for a few hours to blend flavors.nPour vegetable oil to a depth of 12inch in a small skillet. Fry the tortillas on both sides or about 1 minute, or until crisp. Drain on paper towels.nDivide ceviche evenly on tostadas with a dollop of mashed avocado on each., ingredients: [3 pounds black mussels, scrubbed and beards pulled out, 1 cup dry white wine, 6 bay leaves, 2 medium tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 cup small Spanish olives picholines, pitted and halved, 1 bunch fresh oregano leaves, roughly chopped, 23 cup best quality tomato juice, 13 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fruity Spanish olive oil, Vegetable oil for frying, 6 to 10 small corn tortillas recipe attached, or use store bought, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded and mashed], title: Mussel Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 54987: {instructions: In a food processor add ricotta, sugar, goat cheese, orange zest and vanilla. Pulse until incorporated, do not over mix. Place filling into a resealable plastic bag and cut the tip off to create a piping bag. Fill each shell with the cannoli filling and drizzle with melted chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk ricotta cheese, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 4 ounces goat cheese, 1 orange, zested, 1 vanilla bean, 6 large cannoli shells, premade, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted], title: Cannoli with Chocolate Drizzle, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 54988: {instructions: Muddle the limes in a shaker. Add the rum, Simple Syrup and vodka. Fill the shaker halfway with ice and shake for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a 14ounce Collins glass. Garnish with the scorpion lollipop.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 limes, quartered, 1 ounce rum, 1 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 ounce vodka, 1 scorpion lollipop, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: The Dissection, picturelink: null}, 54989: {instructions: Cut the cake horizontally into thirds and place the bottom layer on a serving plate. In a small bowl add the yogurt and a 12 cup of whipped topping and mix well to blend. Spread on the bottom layer and top with the sliced grapes. Add the middle layer and spread with the preserves and cover with the orange segments. Put the last layer on top and frost entire cake with remaining whipped topping. Toss 1 cup coconut with the toasted coconut and press into sides of cake. Arrange pineapple and cherries on top.nRefrigerate until ready to serve. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12ounce storebought angel food cake, 12 cup fat free vanilla yogurt, 1 16ounce container lite whipped topping, divided use recommended: Cool Whip Lite, 1 8.25ounce can peach slices, drained, cut in 12 recommended:  S and W, 1 cup seedless grapes, sliced in 12, 12 cup sugar free apricot preserves recommended: Smuckers, 1 11ounce can Mandarin orange segments, drained recommended: Dole, 1 cup plain shredded coconut, plus 1 cup toasted, 1 8ounce can pineapple slices, drained and cut in 12 recommended: Dole, 14 cup frozen cherries, defrosted], title: Ambrosia Cake, picturelink: 3yZdy2UDfcTjZfm6Rj1Ppcz9YVVUjaC}, 54990: {instructions: Make the croutons:nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHandtear the bread into small pieces and put them into a bowl. Add the olive oil, Parmesan, and thyme leaves season with salt and pepper. Mix this well to combine all the flavors. Spread the cubes out onto a baking sheet and bake until they are golden brown, about 15 minutes. Let them cool before tossing them onto the salad.nMake the dressing: Put the anchovies, garlic, lemon juice, and water into a blender and process for 30 seconds until the mixture is smooth. With the blender running, pour the olive oil in slowly for the dressing to emulsify. Stir in the Parmesan and a couple of grinds of black pepper. Season, to taste, with salt and set aside. Refrigerate the dressing if you will not be using it right away.nAssemble the salad: Tear the lettuce into a large bowl. Add enough dressing to coat the salad to your liking. Add the croutons and some extra Parmesan and toss the salad well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 loaf crusty Italian bread, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 anchovy fillets, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 2 heads romaine lettuce, Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish], title: Caesar Salad with Crunchy Croutons, picturelink: null}, 54991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large resealable bag, combine the beef broth, white wine, 1 tablespoon of the mustard powder, Worcestershire sauce, chopped garlic, onions and some salt and pepper. Add the chicken quarters to the bag, seal well, and shake a bit to coat the chicken in the marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour, or up to overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees FnHeat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry with paper towels reserve the marinade. Add the chicken, skin side down, to the skillet and cook until nicely brown, 5 minutes. Flip, and brown on the reverse side, another 4 minutes. Lower the heat to mediumlow and add the butter and the smashed garlic to the pan. Cook for 1 minute, basting the chicken with the melted butter.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and roast until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 170 degrees F, measured at the thickest part of the thigh, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate and let rest, loosely cover, for 5 minutes.nHeat the halfandhalf and rosemary in a small saucepan over low heat. Pour off all but about 2 tablespoons of the oil from the skillet the chicken was cooked in. Place the skillet over medium heat and deglaze the pan with half of the reserved marinade, scraping up any browned bit from the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook for 2 minutes, to reduce. Strain into the heated halfandhalf and remove the rosemary sprig. In a small bowl, mix together the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons cold water. Whisk the cornstarch slurry into the halfandhalf, then whisk in the remaining 1 12 tablespoons mustard powder, the wholegrain mustard and the lemon juice. Season the sauce with a salt and pepper to taste. Bring to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce coats the back of a spoon. Pour some of the sauce over the chicken and serve the rest on the side., ingredients: [1 cup beef broth, 12 cup white wine, 2 12 tablespoons dry mustard powder, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, plus 2 cloves, smashed, 12 medium onion, chopped, Salt and fresh ground pepper, 4 chicken quarters thigh and drumstick attached, 3 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 sprig rosemary, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Juice of 12 lemon], title: PanRoasted Chicken with Creamy Mustard Sauce, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 54992: {instructions: Mix the crabmeat, mayonnaise and grated cheese in the top of a double boiler. Cook over medium heat until melted through. Stir in scallions and black pepper. Spoon onto toasted baguette or crackers. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup fresh crabmeat, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup cheddar cheese, grated, 12 cup scallions, minced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Blue Crab Dip, picturelink: null}, 54993: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pan and when hot add the shrimps unpeeled, the oregano, rosemary, black pepper, salt, bay leaves and garlic. Saute gently for 5 minutes. Add the white wine and cook gently another 5 minutes, or until the wine is reduced to a syrup. Place on serving dish and pour over aromatic sauce., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp whole, unpeeled, green, 1 small sprig fresh oregano, finely chopped or use dried, 1 small sprig fresh rosemary, finely chopped or use dried, Coarse black pepper, salt, 3 bay leaves, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped fine, 12 cup dry white wine], title: Shrimp Moska, picturelink: null}, 54994: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saucepan. When it starts to bubble, stir in the flour, and cook for 1 minute. In a separate pot, heat the milk to just below boiling. Slowly pour the milk mixture into the flour mixture whisking constantly. Cook until the mixture bubbles and becomes thick. Remove the pot from the heat and add the spices, cheddar, fontina, and Gruyere.nCook the pasta for 2 to 3 minutes less than al dente in boiling, salted water the outside of the shell should be cooked but the inside is not.nPreheat the broiler.nStir the pasta into the cheese sauce and portion evenly among 6 ramekins. Divide bread crumbs evenly among the ramekins and sprinkle on top. Brown the ramekins in the broiler or oven until golden brown and the sauce is bubbly, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 14 cup flour, 2 34 cups milk, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 18 teaspoon allspice, 18 teaspoon nutmeg, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 10 ounces extrasharp raw goatmilk cheddar, grated, 4 ounces fontina, grated, 4 ounces Gruyere, grated, 12 pound pasta shells, 1 14 cups fresh breadcrumbs or panko Japanese brand of coarse dry bread crumbs], title: Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 54995: {instructions: Combine the olive oil and white wine in the bottom of a mixing bowl season highly with salt and pepper. Add scallions, romaine lettuce and peppers.nScrub the potatoes clean with a vegetable brush. If they are large, cut them in half or quarters. Boil in a quart of water, partially covered, until they are just tender, about 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and refresh under cold water, pat dry. Cut them into bitesized chunks and add them to the mixing bowl. Toss them while still warm with olive oil and wine.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, boil the pasta until al dente, also drain, refresh briefly under cold water and pat dry. Toss with the potatoes, etc. Serve at room temperature. Garnish each portion with black olives and some goats cheese if you wish., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 14 cup dry white wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 scallions green onions, finely sliced, 4 large romaine lettuce leaves, rinsed, cut into 14 inch wide ribbons, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, seeded and cut into 18th inch wide julienne, 1 pound new small red potatoes, 4 cups bow tie pasta, 12 Calamata olives, pitted and quartered lengthwise, 2 ounces crumbled goats cheese, optional], title: Bow Tie Pasta with New Potatoes and Olives, picturelink: null}, 54996: {instructions: Heat the grill to high if using charcoal, wait until the coals are ashed over and glowing.nBrush the peppers with canola oil, season with salt and pepper and grill, covered, turning occasionally, until charred on all sides and tender, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let steam and soften for 15 minutes. Keep the grill at high heat.nWhile the peppers steam, smash the garlic cloves, sprinkle with salt, and use the blade of your knife to work the garlic to a puree. Transfer to a bowl and add the olive oil, vinegar, basil, parsley and salt and pepper. Peel, seed and dice the peppers and add them to the bowl. Taste and season as needed. Let the relish sit at room temperature while you cook the broccoli rabe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the broccoli rabe, cook for 2 minutes, then immediately plunge it into an ice water bath. Drain until almost dry but still slightly damp a little bit of water helps the rabe steam on the grill. Brush the rabe with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the broccoli rabe until crisptender and slightly charred on both sides, about 1 minute per side. Transfer to a platter, top with the pepper relish and drizzle with a bit of olive oil., ingredients: [3 bell peppers orange, red and yellow, or all one color, Canola oil, for brushing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 bunches broccoli rabe, woody stems trimmed], title: Grilled Broccoli Rabe with Grilled Pepper Relish, picturelink: null}, 54997: {instructions: Remove the core from the tomatoes and slice each tomato in thick wedges. Arrange the tomatoes in a circle on a large plate. Cut the feta in thick slices and place it in the center of the plate. Drizzle the olive oil and vinegar over the tomatoes and feta. Crush the oregano between the palms of your hands over the salad and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Arrange the arugula on the plate around the outside of the tomatoes and serve at room temperature., ingredients: [6 medium tomatoes, 7 ounce block feta cheese, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces arugula], title: Oregano, Feta and Tomato Salad, picturelink: c.nFmH3CJrj8skIv7tSyTE1WmvnLV7i}, 54998: {instructions: If the arugula has roots attached, cut them off. Fill the sink with cold water and toss the arugula for a few minutes to clean. Spindry the leaves and place them in a large bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Pour enough dressing on the arugula to moisten. Toss well and place the salad on individual plates.nWith a very sharp knife or a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan into large shards and arrange them on the arugula., ingredients: [12 pound fresh arugula 3 large bunches, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, 12 cup good olive oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14pound chunk very good Parmesan], title: Arugula with Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 54999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the paprika, onion powder, 4 teaspoons salt, oregano, garlic powder, cumin, cayenne pepper and a few grinds of black pepper. Rub the mixture all over the ribs and allow it to sit at room temperature for 1 to 2 hours at the most.nPlace the ribs snugly in an oven dish with the fat side of each rib facing up. Cover tightly with aluminum foil and dont be afraid to top the dish with another heavy dish to ensure the seal Cook in the oven for 2 12 hours, at this point the meat should be falling off the bones. Remove the ribs from the oven and raise the temperature to 425 degrees F.nUsing a pair of tongs, flip and move the beef around a bit. Drizzle the honey evenly over the top of each rib. Place the ribs back in the oven, this time leaving it uncovered and cook another 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon onion powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dry oregano, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 pounds shortribs, flankencut about 6 ribs bonein, cut into 5 to 6inch strips, 12 cup honey], title: Sunnys Honey BBQ Oven Short Ribs, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 55000: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 sandwich picks or toothpicks and a deepfry thermometernFor the pimento cheese: Combine the cream cheese, orange Cheddar, white Cheddar, mayonnaise, mustard, pimentos, cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 tablespoon black pepper in a food processor and process until smooth. Transfer to a large rectangle of plastic wrap, spread out in a line and roll up in the plastic to form a 2inchdiameter log. Twist the ends tightly and place the log seamside down on a flat plate, folding the ends under to secure. Refrigerate until firm, 2 to 3 hours.nFor the garlic butter: Combine the butter, Roasted Garlic and 14 teaspoon salt in a small bowl and stir until well combined. Set aside.nFor the burgers: Form the ground beef into eight 3 12ounce patties about 4 inches in diameter. Take the chilled pimento cheese log out of the refrigerator and slice it into 12inchwide disks. Place a pimento cheese disk on top of 1 of the patties and top it with another patty. Firmly crimp the edges of the 2 patties all the way around to make sure that it is sealed. Repeat with the remaining patties and cheese, reserving any remaining cheese for another use. Return the stuffed patties to the fridge to chill again for 15 to 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a grill pan or castiron pan over mediumhigh heat and lightly grease with the oil. Season the burgers with salt and cook on one side until charred and almost heated through, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip the burgers and cook in the oven until cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. Slather the cut sides of the brioche buns with some of the garlic butter. Toast the buns on both sides until golden brown and lightly charred around the edges, 30 to 45 seconds per side. Reserve the remaining garlic butter for another use.nToss the cabbage with the apple cider vinegar and a little salt in a large mixing bowl.nBuild the burgers from the bottom up: Place a layer of sliced sweet onion on the bottom buns. Top each with a stuffed burger. Top the burgers with the Fried Green Tomatoes and drizzle with some Scratch Ranch Dressing. Top the tomatoes with two pieces of crispy bacon. Top with a handful of dressed cabbage. Place the top buns on top and secure with a pick.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Cut the tops off the whole heads of garlic to expose the garlic cloves. Place the heads on a large piece of aluminum foil and drizzle lightly with the oil and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Wrap the foil around the heads to form a tight pouch. Place the pouch in the oven and roast until soft and fragrant, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool. Squeeze the pulp from the skins.nCut the tomatoes into 13inchthick slices. Whisk together the flour, garlic powder, 2 tablespoons salt and 2 tablespoons pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk together the eggs and buttermilk in another medium bowl. Place the cornmeal in a third medium bowl.nLightly dredge the tomato slices in the seasoned flour mixture. Dip into the egg mixture and then finally into the cornmeal. Place the coated tomatoes on a lined tray and refrigerate for 10 to 15 minutes to firm up.nPour enough canola oil into a medium pan to reach 2 to 3 inches deep. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the oil reaches a temperature of 350 degrees F. Fry the tomatoes in batches until golden brown and crispy, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to papertowellined plates, season with salt and keep warm.nCombine the mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream, dill, sugar, garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt and 4 to 5 turns of black pepper in a medium bowl. Whisk until well combined and creamy in texture. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. The dressing will keep in the refrigerator 3 to 5 days., ingredients: [1 cup cream cheese, 12 cup shredded orange Cheddar, 12 cup shredded sharp white Cheddar, 14 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, One 4ounce jar diced pimentos, drained, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon minced Roasted Garlic, recipe follows, Kosher salt, 1 34 pounds ground beef 8020, Canola oil, for the pan, Kosher salt, 4 medium brioche hamburger buns, 2 cups finely sliced white cabbage, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 14 cup finely sliced sweet onion, 4 Fried Green Tomatoes, recipe follows, 14 cup Scratch Ranch Dressing, recipe follows, 8 slices smoked bacon, cooked until crispy, 2 to 3 whole heads garlic, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large green tomatoes or firm, unripe heirloom or beefsteak tomatoes, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large eggs, 14 cup buttermilk, 4 cups fine cornmeal, Canola oil, for deep frying, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon paprika, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: PimentoCheeseStuffed Burger, picturelink: hmwefuNX6KGXZB3ZK1I5eYTqdRYsvO}, 55001: {instructions: Cooking and marinating the shrimp: Bring 1 quart salted water to a boil and add 2 tablespoons of the lime juice. Add shrimp, cover and return to a boil. Immediately remove from heat, set pot lid askew and pour off all liquid. Replace lid and set aside, letting shrimp steam in closed pot for 10 minutes. Spread out shrimp in large glass or stainless steel bowl to cool completely. Peel shrimp and devein, if desired. Toss shrimp with remaining 12 cup lime juice, cover and refrigerate for about 1 hour.nThe flavorings: In a small strainer, rinse chopped onion under cold water, then shake off excess liquid. Add to shrimp bowl along with chopped cilantro, ketchup, hot sauce, optional olive oil, cucumber andor jicama and avocado. Mix gently, taste and season with salt, usually about 12 teaspoon. Cover and refrigerate up to a few hours, or serve immediately.nServing the ceviche: Spoon the ceviche into sundae glasses, martini glasses or small bowls. Garnish with sprigs of cilantro and slices of lime. Serve with tostadas, tortilla chips or saltines., ingredients: [1 quart salted water, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 generous pound unpeeled small shrimp about 41 to 50 count to a pound, 12 medium white onion, chopped into 14inch pieces, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus several sprigs for garnish, 12 cup ketchup, 1 to 2 tablespoons vinegary Mexican bottled hot sauce such as Tamazula, Valentina or Bufalo, About 2 tablespoons olive oil, preferably extravirgin optional, but smoothes out sharpness, 1 cup peeled, diced cucumber or jicama or 12 cup each, 1 small ripe avocado, peeled, pitted and cubed, Salt, Several lime slices, for garnish, Tostadas or tortilla chips or saltine crackers, for serving], title: Shrimp Ceviche Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 55002: {instructions: Break up the tuna in a medium bowl. Stir in the cucumber, olive oil, mustard, scallions, dill, lemon zest, and season with salt and pepper.nLay the bread on a work surface and spread about 14 of the tuna mixture on 4 of the slices. Top with avocado slices and lettuce. Lay the tomato slices on the 4 remaining pieces of bread season with salt and pepper and drizzle with a bit of olive oil. Close the sandwiches, pressing each one together slightly. Serve.nAlternatively serve them open faced to use less bread., ingredients: [2 6ounce cans waterpacked tuna, drained, 1 Kirby cucumber, seeded and finely diced 34 cup, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus a drizzle, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 scallions white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh dill leaves, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest from 1 lemon, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices ninegrain bread, 1 Hass avocado, halved, seeded, and sliced, 1 12 cup mesclun salad, or other lettuce, 2 large tomatoes], title: Tuna Avocado Club, picturelink: null}, 55003: {instructions: Put a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the grapeseed oil. When it starts to get hot, add the garlic, ginger and onions, and cook until the onions are golden, about 4 minutes. Add the tomato paste, cumin, garam masala, brown sugar, chili flakes, salt and turmeric, and cook for 2 minutes. Add the chicken and stir well to coat. Stir in the yogurt and 12 cup water and cook until the chicken is done, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and then shred the meat using a fork or your fingers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 small red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 2 large chicken breasts, boneless and skinless, cut into 1inch chunks, 14 cup lowfat yogurt], title: Butter Chicken, picturelink: null}, 55004: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBegin by preparing the meatballs. Remove crusts from bread and soak in milk.nIn a large mixing bowl combine veal, beef and pork. Squeeze out excess milk and add bread, onion, garlic, thyme and egg. Season with salt and pepper and mix well to combine. Make small golf ball sized balls. Set a heavybased roasting dish over mediumhigh heat. Add a 3count of olive oil and brown meatballs. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes ensuring to brown meatballs evenly all over. Turn the heat up to high and add red wine and beef stock. Bring to a boil then cover pan with aluminum foil and bake in oven for 45 minutes basting the meatballs every 20 minutes. If all the liquid evaporates add some more beef stock as you go. When done, remove the meatballs and set aside. Set the pan with the braising liquid on the stove top over medium heat, add honey, mustard, caraway seeds and reduce until thick and syrupy. Finish with creme fraiche and season with salt and plenty of freshly ground black pepper.nPlace cranberries with orange juice in a small saucepan and simmer until sauce is pulpy and thick  about 10 minutes. For an appetizer, serve meatballs skewered on toothpicks with cranberry sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 slices white sandwich bread, 1 cup whole milk, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground veal, 1 pound ground pork, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked, 1 large egg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 bottle red wine, 1 quart lowsodium beef stock, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 10 ounces frozen cranberries, 1 orange, juice only], title: SlowBraised Meatballs with Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSimmer broccoli in 12inch boiling, salted water in a shallow covered skillet for 6 or 7 minutes, until tender. Drain broccoli and remove from pan. Return pan to stove top over medium heat. Add oil and garlic. Saute garlic in oil 3 minutes. Add broccoli spears to the skillet and coat them with garlic oil. Transfer broccoli to a serving dish and garnish with curls of Asiago cheese., ingredients: [1 large head broccoli, cut into long, thin spears, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 pound Asiago cheese, shaved with vegetable peeler], title: Broccoli with Garlic and Asiago, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 55006: {instructions: Combine vodka and cocoa beans in a sealable container and store in a warm, dry place. Agitate the mixture 2 or 3 times a day for 1 week. Six hours before serving, add the mint leaves. Strain through a coffee filter into a bottle, seal and store in your freezer.nServing suggestion: Serve ice cold without a garnish., ingredients: [1 bottle vodka, 4 cocoa beans, Sprig fresh mint leaves], title: Chocolate Mint Vodka Infusion, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 55007: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: eight to ten 4inch wooden skewersnIn a medium bowl, whisk together the sherry, lemon juice, oregano, paprika, cumin, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and the garlic.nPlace the pork in a medium glass bowl. Pour half of the marinade over the pork. Add the oil and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.nPour the remaining marinade into a small saucepan. Add the cream, remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and bring to a boil over medium heat. Boil until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 4 to 5 minutes.nSpray a grill pan or grilling rack with nonstick spray. Place the grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nRemove the pork from the marinade. Discard the marinade. Thread 3 pieces of pork onto each skewer. Grill the skewers until the pork is golden and cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Place a skewer in each endive leaf. Drizzle the skewers with sauce and serve., ingredients: [34 cup cream sherry, such as Bristol Cream, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice about 1 large lemon, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 1pound pork tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 34 to 30 34inch cubes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup heavy whipping cream, Nonstick vegetable oil spray, 1 Belgian endive spear, separated into 8 to 10 leaves], title: Grilled Mini Pork Skewers, picturelink: PAhPqK.1AhlgA6jI2PDU7Ud.7uYV5bW}, 55008: {instructions: In a blender, combine all ingredients but the slaw mix. Puree until smooth. Transfer to a large bowl, add slaw mix and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 4 anchovy fillets, 2 green onions, green parts only, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 6 cups shredded cole slaw mix shredded cabbage and carrots, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Green Goddess Slaw, picturelink: null}, 55009: {instructions: In a shaker with ice, add espresso vodka, chocolate and coffee liqueurs, coffee and creamer and shake until mixed and creamy. Pour into mugs. Slice a donut hole halfway through, and perch on the lip of the mug. Reward yourself by taking the day off work., ingredients: [2 ounces espresso vodka, 1 ounce chocolate liqueur, 1 ounce coffee liqueur, 2 ounces chilled or room temperature coffee, Splash of hazelnut coffee creamer, Donut hole], title: Drunken Donuts Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 55010: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWorking in batches if necessary, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crispy, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nWhile the bacon is cooking, grate the cucumber on the large holes of a box grater. Wrap the grated cucumber in cheesecloth and squeeze to remove as much liquid as possible.nCombine the cream cheese and mayonnaise in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and mix until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the cucumber and red onion and mix until combined, about 30 seconds. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.nTo assemble the sandwiches, divide the cream cheese mixture evenly between 4 slices of bread. Break the strips of bacon in half and top each sandwich with 4 halves. Sprinkle the borage petals over the top, then cover with the remaining four slices of bread and press down firmly. Cut away the crusts. Slice the sandwiches diagonally in half and then diagonally again, to make triangles. Serve., ingredients: [8 strips bacon, 1 large cucumber, peeled and seeded, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 12 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices country wheat bread, 2 cups fresh borage petals or microgreens or baby arugula], title: Borage, Benedictine and Bacon Sandwiches, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 55011: {instructions: WHISK together dressing ingredients in small bowl set aside.nCOMBINE fruit in large bowl. Pour dressing, to taste, over fruit. Toss gently to coat. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 firm bananas, peeled and sliced, 1 cup strawberries, halved, DRESSING:, 3 tbsps. sour cream, 3 tbsps. Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil or 3 tbsps. Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA 2 tbsps. frozen limeade concentrate, thawed, 14 cup honey, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, FRUIT:, 2 cups chopped peeled cantaloupe, 2 cups chopped peeled honeydew melon, 2 cups seedless red or green grapes, halved, 2 cups diced peeled cored pineapple], title: Fruit Salad with Creamy Honey Lime Dressing, picturelink: null}, 55012: {instructions: For the mole negro: In a large saute pan over medium heat, toast the ancho and guajillo chiles on both sides until softened and fragrant, being careful not to scorch them, 20 to 30 seconds. Add 1 cup of hot water to the pan, just enough to cover the chiles, and set aside for 30 minutes to reconstitute. Add the chiles and soaking water to a blender. Then add the onions, almonds, raisins, piloncillo, sesame seeds, cinnamon, oregano, garlic, cloves and 12 cup of the chicken broth. Puree until very smooth, adding a little more chicken broth if too thick.nIn a 6quart Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, add the lard and the mole puree and cook, stirring constantly, until most of the liquid has evaporated and the mixture becomes glossy, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the remaining 2 12 cups chicken broth and the chocolate. Boil for about 5 minutes, then reduce to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until thick, about 15 minutes. Add the salt taste and adjust as needed. Remove from the heat, cover and keep warm.nFor the grilled chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare a grill for high heat and wipe down the grates with an oilblotted paper towel.nCombine the granulated garlic, salt, ancho powder, cumin, chipotle powder, pepper and cayenne in a small bowl and mix well. Sprinkle the chicken pieces all over with spice mixture. Place the chicken on the grill, skinside down, and cook until nicely charred, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip and cook on the reverse side for another 3 to 4 minutes. Once chicken has acquired nice grill marks, transfer it to a roasting pan and finish cooking in the oven, 15 to 20 minutes.nTo serve, ladle the mole sauce onto a large platter and arrange the grilled chicken, skinside up, on the top. Garnish with scallions and cilantro. Serve with extra mole sauce on the side., ingredients: [4 dried ancho chiles, stemmed and torn into pieces, some seeds discarded, 2 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed and torn into pieces, some seeds discarded, 1 cup chopped white onion, 3 tablespoons blanched slivered almonds, 2 tablespoons raisins, 1 tablespoon piloncillo Mexican cane sugar, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch ground cloves, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup lard, 2 ounces Mexican dark chocolate, finely chopped or grated, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chipotle powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne, One 4 12 to 5pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 14 cup finely sliced scallions, for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Grilled Chicken Mole Negro, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 55013: {instructions: To make the Asian vinaigrette: Roughly chop the green onion and put in blender. Add the mustard and make a paste. Slowly add the peanut oil and sesame oil until smooth. Add the vinegar, chili sauce and honey, Add salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nTo make the Asian salad: With a very sharp knife, shred the cabbages into thin strips approximately 3 to 4 inches long. Cut the green onions into thin slices. Using a regular kitchen grater, shred the carrots. Mix the cabbage, green onions and carrots together. Set aside.nTo assemble: Toss the slaw with the dressing and set aside. In a martini glass, place coleslaw. Slice the tuna into pieces that are about 1 ounce each, approximately the size of a stick of gum. Place 2 to 3 slices on the coleslaw and garnish with diced or sliced avocado and a few daikon sprouts., ingredients: [2 stalks green onions, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup peanut oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sweet chili sauce, 14 cup honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head Napa cabbage, 12 head red cabbage, 4 green onions, 4 carrots, peeled, 1 pound ahi tuna, 1 container daikon sprouts, 2 avocado], title: Ahi Tuna Martinis, picturelink: null}, 55014: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: grillnFor the salad: Put the chicken breasts into a large plastic storage bag. Pound with a mallet or rolling pin to flatten to 14inch uniform thickness. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper.nHeat a grill and drizzle with the olive oil. Grill the chicken on both sides until done, about 7 minutes per side. Rotate halfway during grilling each side to ensure pretty grill marks. Set aside to cool.nGrill the corn for a few minutes, until still crunchy but colored. With a very sharp knife, shave the kernels off each corn cob. Combine with the dill, celery and onions in a large bowl. Set aside.nFor the dressing: Mix together the feta, halfandhalf, mayonnaise and sour cream in a bowl. Stir in the sugar, lemon juice and some salt and pepper. Stir, and then taste. Add more salt if necessary do not undersaltnSlice the chicken on the bias to create flat, randomly shaped pieces. Throw into the bowl with the celery, onions and corn. Stir to combine. Pour half of the dressing over the ingredients and toss gently. Add more as desired, but dont overcoat the salad it should be light At the end, toss in the blueberries to lightly coat them in the dressing.nSpoon the salad into butter lettuce cups and then sprinkle individual helpings with feta and extra dill., ingredients: [3 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling, 4 ears fresh corn or use 2 if on the large side, 3 tablespoons minced fresh dill, plus more for serving, 3 stalks celery inner light green stalks and leaves, finely diced, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 1 12 cups blueberries, 34 cup crumbled feta, plus more for serving, 14 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head butter lettuce, leaves separated], title: Summer Chicken Salad, picturelink: 8iYkyNBHEjU59WixzXBl6kneri4yDHu}, 55015: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients in a blender and puree until a chunky paste is formed. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 Poblanos, roasted, seeded and peeled, 12 jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded if desired, and roughly chopped, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 small red onion, peeled and chopped, juice of 2 limes, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Green Chile Paste, picturelink: null}, 55016: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the rotini and cook until al dente, according to the box directions. Save a cup of the pasta water and drain the rest.nAt this point, scoop out two cups of the cooked pasta and place it back in the pot. Add 14 cup chicken stock and 1 tablespoon butter. If needed, add a little bit of the reserved pasta water to create a thin sauce. Add 14 cup Parmesan and stir to combine.nServe to your kids as is, or with 14 cup warmed peas, with extra grated Parmesan on top.nPlace the remaining cooked pasta back in the pot.nIn the meantime, heat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the broccoli florets and asparagus pieces to the pan. Add 14 cup water and cover to steam, about 3 minutes.nTo the pan, add the cherry tomatoes, white wine, garlic, thyme leaves, 2 tablespoons butter and the remaining 12 cup chicken stock. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let saute for a few more minutes until the colors pop. Finally, add the peas and toss. Off the heat, add the last tablespoon of butter and another 13 cup Parmesan. If needed, stir in a little of the reserved pasta water to create a sauce. Toss to combine.nServe the adultfriendly pasta primavera with fresh parsley and more Parmesanand that extra white wine, for Petes sake, ingredients: [Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, One 14.5ounce box rotini, 34 cup chicken stock, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup plus 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cups broccoli florets, 1 medium bunch asparagus, ends trimmed, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, 14 cup dry white wine, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: One Recipe, Two Meals: Pasta Primavera, picturelink: lJQL8IBZEDaZDX5kNGMo1sq3pMZcKKm}, 55017: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a saucepan. Add the mushrooms and garlic and sweat. Add the beet greens and mix well. Remove pan from heat. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a separate bowl, combine the egg yolks, ricotta, Parmesan cheese, and salt. Combine everything and put into a lightly oiled 9 by 11inch baking dish. Top with the crumbled crackers and bake for 30 minutes covered. Uncover and bake for an additional 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 12 ounces sliced mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound beet greens, cleaned and picked, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 4 egg yolks, beaten, 1 cups ricotta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup crumbled crackers recommended: Ritz crackers], title: Beet Green Gratin, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 55018: {instructions: Beat 12 sticks butter, 34 cup dark brown sugar and 34 cup granulated sugar until fluffy beat in 1 teaspoon vanilla and 2 eggs. Whisk 2 12 cups flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda and 1 teaspoon salt, then stir into the butter mixture. Add 2 cups assorted chips such as butterscotch, white, mini andor bittersweet and chill 30 minutes. Roll into balls and bake 8 to 12 minutes at 350 degrees., ingredients: [], title: Chip Mixers, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 55019: {instructions: Pour the rye or bourbon, cherry juice, vermouth and bitters into a cocktail shaker filled with ice and shake until very cold. Strain into a martini glass. Carefully squeeze the orange peel between your finger and thumb with the skin facing out. Ignite the oils that spurt from the peel and immediately drop the peel into the glass. Garnish with a sour cherry.nBYOC: If you dont feel comfortable lighting the peel then omit it. You can always add some orange bitters if you like. The drink is quite enjoyable either way., ingredients: [3 tablespoons rye or bourbon, 2 tablespoons sour cherry juice from a jar of sour cherries, plus a cherry for garnish, 1 tablespoon sweet vermouth, 3 dashes cherry bitters, Ice, 1 piece orange peel, removed from orange with a vegetable peeler], title: Sour Cherry Manhattan, picturelink: KrE7r0KsYIfiVAWEfE9ohvUbzdIlUsO}, 55020: {instructions: To prepare the dough by hand, combine the flour and salt in a stainless steel bowl, using a pastry knife mix well.nAdd the cold butter cubes to the flour and mix in until the mixture begins to resemble a mealy mixture where the butter forms pea sized nuggets plainly visible in the flour. Add only enough ice water to pull the dough together. The water should be added to the flour slowly to ensure that only the minimum amount of water is used. Do not over mix the dough. When the dough has been mixed just sufficiently to combine the ingredients, form it into a ball and wrap in a piece of plastic and refrigerate for several hours.nWhen ready to use, lightly flour a pastry board and a rolling pin, and unwrap the dough. Divide the dough into 2 equal pieces and begin to roll out the first piece into the bottom crust.nTamp down the dough with the pin and gently begin to roll out into a circular pie shape by rolling evenly outward from the center and turning the dough in small 18th turns to keep the rolling even. When the dough is rolled out to an even thickness and is about 12 inches and is about 18thinch thick it is ready to be transferred to a 10inch pie tin.nLightly butter the tin, lift the dough with the rolling pin by partially rolling the dough up on the pin, center the dough in the tin and unroll. Pierce it in several places with the tines of a fork.nRoll the second half of the pie dough into a round shape slightly larger than the pie pan. Fill the bottom crust with your chosen fruit filling. Cover the filling, such as apple, with the top half of the pie dough. Using both hands, crimp the edges of the two crusts together to seal. With a sharp knife, make several crosshatch slits in the top crust. Brush with the egg wash and bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool for 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 14 to 13 cup ice cold water], title: Basic Pie Dough, picturelink: null}, 55021: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside. Place butter and sugar in large bowl of electric stand mixer and beat until light in color. Add egg and milk and beat to combine. Put mixer on low speed, gradually add flour, and beat until mixture pulls away from the side of the bowl. Divide the dough in half, wrap in waxed paper, and refrigerate for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle surface where you will roll out dough with powdered sugar. Remove 1 wrapped pack of dough from refrigerator at a time, sprinkle rolling pin with powdered sugar, and roll out dough to 14inch thick. Move the dough around and check underneath frequently to make sure it is not sticking. If dough has warmed during rolling, place cold cookie sheet on top for 10 minutes to chill. Cut into desired shape, place at least 1inch apart on greased baking sheet, parchment, or silicone baking mat, and bake for 7 to 9 minutes or until cookies are just beginning to turn brown around the edges, rotating cookie sheet halfway through baking time. Let sit on baking sheet for 2 minutes after removal from oven and then move to complete cooling on wire rack. Serve as is or ice as desired. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon milk, Powdered sugar, for rolling out dough], title: Sugar Cookies, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 55022: {instructions: Slice zucchini into 14inch rounds. Let stand until moisture forms on sides. Salt and pepper both sides. Dip in flour, then eggmilk mixture, then in flour again. In a deep frying pan or pot, heat about 2 inches of oil over medium heat. Fry squash until lightly browned on both sides. Drain well on paper towels. Spread toast with mayonnaise and make sandwiches with squash, onions and ham., ingredients: [2 medium zucchini squash, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, 1 egg beaten with 1 cup milk, Olive Oil, 12 slices wholewheat bread, toasted, Mayonnaise, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 6 slices ham, fried], title: Squash Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 55023: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrepes: Whisk the eggs and milk together in a medium bowl. Whisk in the salt, granulated sugar, and flour. Set aside for 30 minutes.nSet the oven to 200 degrees F. and put a platter in the oven to heat.nMelt about 12 teaspoon of butter in a nonstick 8 to 10inch skillet over medium heat. When it foams, pour or ladle in about 2 tablespoons of batter. Lift and swirl the pan so the batter coats the bottom. Replace the pan on the burner and cook just until set and the underside is lightly browned. Transfer to the warmed platter. Repeat until the batter is used up.nCheese Filling: Whip the cream until stiff and refrigerate. Mix the ricotta and cream cheese in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer until as smooth as possible it will remain a bit grainy, from the ricotta. Add the sugar, vanilla, and zest and mix. Fold in the whipped cream. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nBroiled Pineapple: Mix the sugar, nuts, and butter. Sprinkle on top of the pineapple slices and broil.nRemove the crepes from the oven. One by one, spread each crepe with the cheese filling and roll up like a cigar. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and serve with broiled pineapple., ingredients: [2 eggs, 12 cup milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 cup flour, Unsalted butter, 12 cup chilled heavy cream, 12 cup ricotta, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest, Confectioners sugar, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup toasted macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 whole pineapple, peeled and sliced], title: Cheese Blintzes with Broiled Pineapple, picturelink: UXcRoi84FzVXuYfsgkc0sm73TJdMaaK}, 55024: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWith a pairing knife, cut a pocket in the rounded side of each chop. In a bowl, combine the bread crumbs, sausage, prosciutto, mozzarella, garlic, and salt and pepper. Stuff each chop with the mixture and sew or tie them closed with string.nHeat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the oil is hot, pat the chops dry then place them in the pan. Brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Remove the pork chops and set them aside in a roasting pan.nAdd the onions, butter, white wine, and chicken broth to the skillet. Cook over medium heat, stirring, for 6 to 8 minutes. Add them to the pan with the pork chops. And bake for 1 hour. Remove the string before serving, and drizzle the pork chops with pan juices once plated., ingredients: [4 doublecut pork chops, 14 cup bread crumbs, 12 pound fresh Italian sausage, diced, 1 slice prosciutto, minced, 1 slice fresh mozzarella, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch salt and pepper, String, for tying, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 14 cup butter, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 12 cups chicken broth], title: Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 55025: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients together in a serving bowl. Cover and refrigerate until chilled. Serve with crackers as an appetizer.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 pound flaked smoked whitefish recommended: Northern Waters Smokehaus, 34 to 1 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup chopped green onion, 2 teaspoons prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons Cajun seasoning], title: Smoked Whitefish Pate, picturelink: null}, 55026: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place a rack in the center of the oven. Spray the cups of a muffin pan with nonstick pan spray.nTo make the pie filling, in a large saucepan, stir the water and sugar to combine. Bring the watersugar mixture to a boil over mediumhigh, and stir constantly until the sugar dissolves.nAdd the cranberries to the sugar mixture, and lower the heat. Simmer the cranberries for about 10 minutes or until the cranberries start to pop. Drain the cranberries and set them aside.nPeel, core, and cut the pears into 12inch cubes. 5. In a large bowl, mix together the pears, ginger, and cornstarch. Add the cranberries and stir to combine.nTo make the crust, follow the AllButter Crust recipe and roll out the dough per the instructions.nCut 16 5 12inchdiameter circles from the dough. Reroll the dough scraps to make all the circles, and avoid overhandling the dough.nGently but firmly press each dough circle into a muffin cup. For the crust edges, use the foldtuckcrimp method see page 13 for each Cutie Pie.nSpoon the filling evenly into the Cutie Pie shells, and set aside.nIf choosing the Crumb Top option, follow the Crumb Top recipe and sprinkle it over the filling.nBake for 25 to 30 minutes, until the crust is golden brown. To see if the crust bottom is golden, too, use a butter knife to pop a Cutie Pie out of a muffin cup. If the bottom is not brown, bake a few minutes longer. If the pie top is browning too quickly, cover with foil for the final few minutes.nCrust options: allbutter or vegan, glutenFree Shape options: Cutie Pie or 9inch Pie, 7inch DeepDish Pie, Petit5, Flipside, Piepop, Piejar 24 Cutie PiesnIn a large bowl, combine the flour, salt, and sugar, and mix well.nAdd the butter to the flour mixture, and mix gently with a pastry blender, a fork, or your hands. The goal is to lightly incorporate the butter into the dry ingredients. The butter pieces should be well coated with the dry mixture and somewhat flattened.nGradually add the water to the flour mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, and continue mixing the dough until it comes together and forms peasized or croutonsized crumbs. The dough should look like coarse individual pieces, not smooth and beaten together like cookie dough.nWith your hands, gather the dough crumbs together to form 2 patties, gently molding the crumblike mixture into a patty shape and being careful not to overhandle the dough. Wrap each patty in plastic wrap.nChill the dough for at least 1 hour, or up to 3 days. The dough can also be frozen for up to 2 weeks.nWhen youre ready to use the dough, let it sit at room temperature for at least 10 minutes to soften it and make it workable. On a lightly floured surface, roll out each of the 2 dough patties to about a 14inch thickness, lightly dusting it with flour, if needed, to prevent sticking, and making sure to roll the dough evenly.n1 doublecrust 9inch pie, 2 singlecrust 9inch pies, or 16 Cutie Pies, or 36 Petit5s, 8 Piejars, 10 Flips ides, or 50 PiepopsnIn a large bowl, combine the flour, brown sugar, granulated sugar, salt, and cinnamon, and mix well.nAdd the butter to the flour mixture, and mix thoroughly with a pastry blender, a fork, or your fingers until the texture is like small peas.nAdd the rolled oats, and mix to create a crumbly consistency.nSprinkle the crumb topping over a pie, Cutie Pies, or Petit5s before baking.nMakes enough crumb topping for 1 9inch Pie, 16 Cutie Pies, or 36 Petit5s, ingredients: [34 cup water, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 16ounce bag fresh or thawed frozen cranberries, 4 mediumsized Bosc pears, 12 teaspoon fresh minced ginger, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, AllButter Crust, recipe follows, Crumb Top, optional, recipe follows, Whipped cream lightly flavored with vanilla and a hint of ginger, optional, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cold, cut into 12inch cubes, 34 cup ice water, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cold, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup rolled oats], title: PearCranberryGinger Cutie Pies, picturelink: 2tYqAMFHJMmPns1qCsnJzsilYG1QDV6}, 55027: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large saucepan heat chicken broth and bouillon cube over medium heat until hot.nIn a Dutch oven, melt butter over medium heat. Add onions, carrots, celery, chives and garlic, and saute until tender. Season with salt and pepper. Add the flour and stir together until it becomes pasty and lumpfree, about 2 minutes. Stir in the hot broth, heavy cream, sherry, chicken and frozen onions and peas. Bring to a boil then reduce to a simmer.nWith a ladle, fill 6ovenproof ramekins or bowls with the filling. Place on baking sheet.nSprinkle flour on countertop. Roll out dough an extra inch. Using a biscuit round or mold, cut out dough to cover the tops of your ovenproof bowls, with about 12inch hangover, depending on their size. Crimp the dough over the edge of the ramekin. Brush with the egg wash and make 4 small slits on the top. Sprinkle with kosher salt and place on a baking sheet. Bake for 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 1 bouillon cube, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 large carrots cut in 12inch rounds, 1 rib celery, sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, 2 cloves garlic, chopped fine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons dry sherry, 1 storebought 2pound rotisserie chicken, shredded, 1 7ounce bag frozen pearl onions, 1 9ounce box frozen peas, 2 9ounce packages storebought rolled out pie dough, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water], title: Individual Chicken Pot Pies, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 55028: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standard cupcake pans with 36 standard cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking powder, and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer, cream the sugar and margarine with the whisk attachment, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl. In a small bowl or cup, combine the water and egg replacer and stir to dissolve the egg replacer. Add the egg replacer to the sugar and mix until combined. Scrape the bottom of the bowl. Add the ginger juice and mix until combined. In a small bowl, combine the soy milk and vanilla and set aside. Turn the mixer speed to low and slowly add the dry ingredients and the soy milk, alternating between the 2, ending with the soy milk. Fold in the minced ginger by hand into the batter.nFill the cupcake liners 34 full with batter and bake until a toothpick inserted into each cupcake comes out clean, 19 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nFor the filling: In a medium, heavybottomed saucepan, stir together the puree and sugar. Heat on mediumhigh heat until the mixture begins to bubble around the edges. In a small bowl, mix the water or brandy and cornstarch into a slurry. Slowly add the cornstarch mixture to the puree while whisking. Cook for 2 more minutes while stirring. Let cool completely. Put the cooled peach filling into a piping bag and cut 12 inch off the tip.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer, whip the shortening and margarine until completely combined. Scrape the bottom of the bowl to ensure that all the ingredients are mixed thoroughly. Add the blueberry puree and vanilla and mix until incorporated. Scrape the bottom of the bowl. On low speed, slowly add the sugar a little at a time. Add the blueberry juice and mix to combine. Scrape the bottom of the bowl and mix on mediumhigh speed until all the ingredients are combined and the frosting is fluffy, about 2 minutes. Put the frosting into a pastry bag and cut 12 inch off the tip.nTo assemble: With a plastic drinking straw or a small paring knife, make holes in the center of each cupcake. Squeeze the peach filling into the center of each cupcake until filled but not overflowing, about 1 tablespoon per cupcake. Pipe a dollop of blueberry frosting onto each cupcake. Garnish with a few fresh blueberries, if using., ingredients: [1 pound 10 ounces unbleached flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pounds 4 ounces sugar, 9 ounces, scant, nonhydrogenated vegan margarine recommended: Earth Balance, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon egg replacer recommended: EnerG, 2 tablespoons ginger juice, commercial or fresh, 1 12 cups plus 2 tablespoons soy milk, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 cup minced ginger, packed about 6 ounces whole, unpeeled ginger root, 2 cups prepared peach puree, storebought, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon water or brandy, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 ounces nonhydrogenated vegetable shortening recommended: Earth Balance, 4 ounces nonhydrogenated vegan margarine recommended: Earth Balance, 6 ounces blueberry puree, storebought, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pound 13 ounces powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons blueberry juice concentrate, Fresh blueberries, for garnish, optional], title: Working Blue Cupcakes: Ginger Cupcakes with Peach Filling and Blueberry Frosting, picturelink: VSF9iGZ5f39LpBUCTtaYkKEBZ83iGTK}, 55029: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and lightly flour three 9inch cake pans.nSift the flour and baking soda together and set aside.nWith an electric mixer, cream the butter and shortening with the sugar until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg yolks one at a time, beating well between each addition. With the mixer on medium speed, add the flour and buttermilk alternately, beginning and ending with buttermilk. Add the vanilla, coconut and nuts, and stir well to incorporate.nIn a separate bowl with clean beaters, whip the egg whites to stiff peaks. Gently fold the beaten egg whites into the batter, just until blended.nPour the batter into the prepared pans and bake for 25 minutes. Test for doneness by touching the top of the cake with your finger. The cake is done if it bounces back up. Cool the layers on wire racks sprayed with cooking spray to prevent sticking.nFor the frosting: With an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese with the butter on high speed until fluffy. Reduce the speed to medium and blend in the sugar and vanilla. Beat well until the frosting is smooth.nWhen the cake is completely cool, spread the frosting between the layers and on the sides and top of the cake. Sprinkle on the nuts., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for greasing, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 2 cups sugar, 5 large eggs, separated, 1 cup buttermilk, well shaken, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, Cooking spray, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, at room temperature, 1 pound confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: Iced Italian Cream Cake, picturelink: oDBax51IQYwdStKayOmlIYAbiYzJza}, 55030: {instructions: Open each bun and cut in half. Lay buns out on sheet pan. Cover sheet pan with plastic wrap and lay another sheet pan on top of the buns to flatten the buns.nBring a large pot of water to poaching temperature. Add salt, crab boil and carefully add the shrimp. Cook until the shrimp are opaque, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes. Once cooled, slice each shrimp in half.nIn a large bowl, add the celery, mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chives, 34 red bell pepper reserve remaining for garnish, lemon juice, mustard and salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine. Add the shrimp and toss to combine.nPlace the baby greens into the base of the buns. Top with the shrimp and garnish with chives and remaining red bell pepper., ingredients: [1 8bun package potato bread hot dog rolls, Salt, Crab boil recommended: Old Bay, to taste, 1 pound shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 ribs celery, sliced, About 1 cup mayonnaise, to taste, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives, plus more for garnish, 1 red bell pepper, diced small, divided, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon dry mustard recommended: Colemans, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Baby greens, for serving], title: Captain Kidds HawkCrushing Shrimp Rolls, picturelink: jpCRi1mr14ObcVDDNszcVkMFIqtNPHO}, 55031: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a few inches water to a boil in a large pot and add salt. Cook the escarole for 5 minutes, then drain.nCover the garlic cloves with water in a saucepan and simmer for 20 minutes. Drain and let cool. Squish the garlic pulp from the jackets into a bowl and mash with a fork.nMeanwhile, melt 3 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the sage and stir. Add the squash, stir and season with salt and pepper. Add the chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. All the stock should be absorbed and the squash should be lightly browned and tender. Remove from the heat.nMelt the remaining 3 tablespoons butter in another medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and whisk for 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and mashed garlic and season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg. Cook until slightly thickened the sauce should just coat the back of the spoon evenly without breaking up on the spoons surface.nWhisk together the pumpkin puree, 2 eggs and some salt and pepper in a small bowl.nIn another bowl, whisk together the ricotta, half the ParmigianoReggiano and the remaining egg.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Soak the lasagna sheets in water for 5 minutes.nPour about half the garlic sauce into the bottom of a 9 by 11inch baking dish. Add a layer of lasagna sheets and then half the pumpkin mixture. Make another layer of lasagna sheets and spread with all of the ricotta mixture, followed by the squash and then escarole. Top with half the Fontina, another layer of lasagna sheets, the remaining pumpkin and another layer of lasagna sheets. Finish with the remaining garlic sauce and sprinkle with the remaining ParmigianoReggiano and Fontina.nBake the lasagna, covered, for 45 minutes. Raise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and continue to bake, uncovered, for 15 minutes more. Let rest for 15 minutes, then cut and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 head escarole, coarsely chopped, 1 head garlic, cloves separated but not peeled, 6 tablespoons butter, 10 to 12 fresh sage leaves, torn, 1 pound butternut squash, peeled and cut into bitesize pieces, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, Freshly grated nutmeg, Two 15ounce cans pure pumpkin puree, 3 eggs, 2 cups fresh ricotta, 2 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 box noboil flat lasagna, 12 ounces Italian Fontina, Fontina Val DAosta or Gouda cheese, shredded], title: Pumpkin Lovers Lasagna, picturelink: BxCJc7XUZoZN.ew5MkFxGtrRbE98JW}, 55032: {instructions: For the topping:nLine a strip tart pan with tart dough and chill it for 2 hours, then prick the bottom well.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMeanwhile, with a paddle attachment cream the cream cheese until fluffy. Add the eggs one at a time, then, mix in the sugar, salt, and nutmeg. Add the lemon rind and juice and mix, then add the vanilla and cream at the end, on low.nPour into the dough lined tart pan and bake, to slightly set the top. Mix the walnuts and sugar together. After baking for 10 minutes, sprinkle the top with the nut mixture and return to the oven for another 10 minutes. Turn the oven down to 350 degrees F and bake until the filling is lightly browned and slightly puffed, another 30 to 35 minutes.nLet cool to room temperature and serve or serve chilled.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the flour and sugar. Add the butter and mix until coarse and sandy.nIn a small bowl, whisk the egg yolk, 2 teaspoons cream, and vanilla together. Add to the flour mixture and mix at low speed just until combined. If the dough is not coming together when you squeeze it in your hand, add the additional 1 teaspoon of cream.nTurn out onto a work surface and form into a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [Pate Sucre sweet tart dough, recipe follows, 8 ounces cream cheese, 4 eggs, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Pinch nutmeg, 1 lemon, zested, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sour cream or heavy cream, For the topping:, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 egg yolk, 2 to 3 teaspoons heavy cream, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Lemon Cheese Strip Tart, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 55033: {instructions: Make the pierogi dough: Whisk the applesauce, vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 egg and 12 cup warm water in a bowl. Put the flour in another bowl and stir in the applesauce mixture. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes, dusting with flour as needed. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp. Transfer to a paper towellined plate. Drain all but 2 tablespoons fat from the skillet. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook over high heat, stirring until browned, about 4 minutes. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 4 more minutes.nStir in the sauerkraut, thyme, paprika, 1 cup applesauce and 12 cup water. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes, then uncover and cook until thickened, about 4 minutes. Chop the bacon and add to the skillet with the remaining 14 cup applesauce and salt to taste.nMake the pierogies: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil. Beat the remaining egg in a bowl with 1 tablespoon water. Roll out half of the dough to less than 18 inch thick keep the remaining dough covered with plastic wrap. Cut into rounds using a 3 12inch cookie cutter or a drinking glass. Top each round with 1 tablespoon of the mushroom filling, brush the edges with the beaten egg and fold in half crimp with a fork to seal. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling.nMelt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Boil the pierogies in batches until tender, about 5 minutes, then transfer to the skillet using a slotted spoon and toss with the butter until browned. Serve with applesauce and sour cream., ingredients: [14 cup smooth applesauce or strained chunky applesauce, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Sour cream, for serving, 5 slices bacon, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt, 1 small onion, chopped, 8 ounces sauerkraut, rinsed, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, chopped, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 14 cups chunky applesauce], title: MushroomApple Pierogies, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 55034: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice challah bread into thick pieces. Combine cream cheese, sugar, fresh cranberries together. Cut a pocket into the bread and stuff cream cheese mixture inside. Melt butter over medium heat in a saucepan. Beat eggs and milk together in a large bowl. Dip stuffed bread into egg mixture, coating both sides. Place bread in pan, heat 1 to 2 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 loaf challah bread, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 cups fresh cranberries, 12 stick butter, 4 eggs, 12 cup whole milk], title: Cranberry French Toast, picturelink: iRzjNPmVjRoOBWMS0nIe8.Yrn5UYEO}, 55035: {instructions: Combine the fat, salt, garlic, the prepared greens, spices in a large deep skillet or Dutch oven. Cover and steam over mediumhigh heat until the greens are wilted and brightly colored, about 5 minutes.nRemove the lid and continue to cook until the liquid evaporates, about 2 minutes longer. Add optional fresh herbs. Adjust the seasonings, including pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fat extravirgin olive oil, vegetable oil, butter or bacon fat, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 pounds fresh spinach, Swiss chard or beet greens, Spices andor driedfresh herbs, Ground black pepper], title: SteamSauteed Tender Greens, picturelink: null}, 55036: {instructions: Separate legs from the breast by cutting where the breast and carcass end and legs begin, or have your butcher cut it for you. Using a sharp boning knife, follow right along the breast bone on either side and remove both breasts. Trim fat along outside of the breast allowing approximately one third of an inch of fat overlap. Score fat on breast by making a diagonal cut, making sure not to cut the breast meat. About four strokes is sufficient.nIn a food processor, dice unpeeled ginger and garlic until coarsely chopped. Place in a stainless steel bowl. Add remaining ingredients. Place the two whole duck legs and the four duck breasts in the marinade. Remove the duck breasts after one hour. The legs should continue to marinate for an additional half an hour, and then be removed.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nUsing the carcasses of the duck, place the duck legs on the duck carcass. Place legs and carcasses in a roasting pan and roast for 1 hour and 45 minutes to 2 hours. Check periodically to make sure the ducks are not getting too dark. They are ready when the leg wiggles freely to your touch, and they are a nice deep amber color. The skin should look crisp and rendered of fat. Cool. Once cooled, take your boning knife and cut through the skin right in the middle of the legs. Using your hands, separate duck legs. Use your thumb to get under the oyster and gently pull leg from the bones. Gently use your fingers to pull out the thigh bone. Trim legs a little to keep a nice triangular shape.nFor the breasts:nHeat a large, 12 inch sautepan to medium high. You can cook two duck breasts in one pan or cook one at a time in a smaller, 10 inch pan. Add two breasts, skin side down to start rendering the fat. Cook over medium high heat for a couple of minutes. You will need to remove the rendered fat as you go. Hold duck breast still with a pair of tongs and pour fat into a stainless bowl or other container. Return to heat. After the first couple of minutes on medium high heat, turn burner down to medium, so not to burn the duck. The duck should be a rich amber color. Continue cooking until the fat is almost completely rendered. You can check this by looking at the incisions of the fat. When there is only a thin, crisp skin, the duck is ready to be flipped. Turn duck over. Shut heat off and leave the breast to sit in the pan for about three to four minutes. Remove from pan and allow to rest for five minutes.nMeanwhile, place the duck legs in a medium to medium small saute pan, skin side down and pan covered to heat and finish any additional rendering of fat, approximately five minutes.nSlice duck breast into fairly thing slices, keeping the nice shape of the breast. With a spatula, pick up breast and fan it out onto the plate. Place duck legs on an angle near the top of the slices. Serve with Whipped Taro Root, Taro Chips, lots of julienned scallions and a little Duck Jus.nPeel taro root. First, for the chips, take your peeler and peel approximately one cup of long taro shreds. Reserve for frying.nTake the remaining taro and cut it up into rough 2 inch chunks. Place in a sauce pan, covering with cold water. Boil root until tender. Strain into a colander, reserving cup of the liquid. In a food processor, pulse taro, adding little dabs of butter as you go, along with some of the cooking liquid to make a smooth consistency. Remove and season with salt and pepper.nFor the chips:nHeat a couple of cups of peanut or grapeseed oil to 350 degrees. Drops shreds into oil in small batches. Remove when crisp the chips should still be light in color and salt.nIn a heavy bottom sauce pan, heat oil. Add chopped duck body, leek, celery and carrot pieces and cook until vegetables are golden. Add white wine and chicken stock and reduce by half. Add soy marinade, cooking an additional few minutes. Skim off any fat and strain., ingredients: [2 4 pound Long Island ducks, 3 tablespoons ginger, 6 cloves of garlic, 1 quart Kikkoman soy sauce, 1 cup of sherry, 2 tablespoons of sesame oil, 1 12 cup julienned scallions, or more, Whipped Taro Root and Taro Chips, recipe follows, Duck Jus, recipe follows, 2 pounds of taro root, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 cups of peanut or grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons oil, One chopped, roasted duck body, 1 leek, roughly chopped, 1 stalk celery, 12 a carrot cut into halfinch pieces, 1 cup white wine, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup soy marinade], title: Crisp Duck with Whipped Taro Root and Taro Chips, picturelink: null}, 55037: {instructions: In a food processor, add yolks, anchovies, garlic and mustard. Mix and when well incorporated, slowly drizzle in oil to emulsify. Add juice, cheese and mix well. Check for seasoning and adjust. Toss dressing with romaine leaves and chicken strips.nPLATING On an oval plate, lay out salad topped with the chicken. Garnish with sesame seeds.nWine Suggestion: Viognier Vin de Pays Des Comtes Rhodaniens, 1997, ingredients: [2 cooked chicken paillards, chilled and 14inch slices pan seared, 2 egg yolks, 2 anchovy fillets, 2 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon pommery mustard, 1 cup canola oil plus 12 tablespoon sesame oil, mix together, Juice of 1 lemon, 13 cup shaved reggiano Parmesan, Salt and black pepper to taste, 2 heads baby romaine, prepped into whole, washed leaves, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Leftovers: Chicken with Sesame Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 55038: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine zucchini and yellow squash pieces with onions and mushrooms in a mixing bowl. Add oil to the bowl, 2 turns of the bowl in a slow stream. Toss veggies until they are coated lightly and evenly with the oil.nCombine poultry seasoning with salt and pepper and sprinkle evenly over the vegetables. Toss them again to combine and spread them out on to a baking sheet. Place veggies in a hot oven and roast 20 to 25 minutes until tender. Toss and turn the veggies with kitchen tongs half way through cooking time., ingredients: [1 medium zucchini, cut into chunks, 1 medium yellow squash, cut into chunks, 1 medium onion, halved then cut into chunks, 12 pound button mushrooms, quartered or halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil or vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Squash Vegetable Medley, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 55039: {instructions: Heat a large sauce pot over medium high heat. Add oil, bay leaf, onion, zucchini and yellow squash to the pot and season with salt and pepper. Saute, stirring frequently, 7 or 8 minutes. Add pumpkin and broth to the pan and stir to combine. Add cumin and coriander. Bring broth to a boil. Add couscous to the broth, stir, cover and remove from heat. Let stand 5 minutes. Remove lid from the pot and fluff couscous with a fork. Remove bay from the pan, add finely chopped tomato, cilantro and parsley, toss again with fork to combine and transfer to a serving platter. Serve with warm Mediterranean flat breads., ingredients: [2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 1 medium onion, chopped, 14 zucchini, diced, 14 yellow squash, diced, Salt and pepper, 12 cup canned pumpkin, 4 cups chicken or vegetable broth, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, half a palm full, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 3 palm full, 2 14 cups couscous, 1 vine ripe plum tomato, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons each chopped cilantro and flatleaf parsley, Mediterranean flat bread, for passing], title: Vegetable Couscous, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 55040: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the meatloaf:nIn a large bowl, mix bread crumbs, Parmesan, parsley, and onion. Add eggs, salt, pepper, 34 cup ketchup, beef, veal and pork, and combine thoroughly until evenly mixed, using your hands if necessary. Form into a loaf in a baking pan and brush top with 1 tablespoon ketchup. Bake in the oven for 50 minutes to 1 hour and let rest 10 minutes before slicing.nAbout 10 to 20 minutes before the meatloaf is done, begin the sauce. Melt half of the butter in a saute pan reserving the other 14 cup over mediumhigh heat, and saute onion until it caramelizes. Add the mushrooms and cook until they become tender and give up their juices. Strain and set aside. In another saucepan, whisk together demiglace, tomato paste, and red wine and simmer over low heat, allowing to reduce and thicken. Just before serving sauce, whisk in the remaining 14 cup of cubed butter, and add mushrooms. Taste and add salt and pepper, as needed.nSlice meatloaf and transfer to a serving dish. Spoon sauce over and serve additional sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 cups fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 14 fresh chopped parsley leaves about 1ounce, 1 large white onion, minced, 2 eggs beaten, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 34 cup ketchup plus 1 tablespoon to brush on top, 34 pound ground beef, 34 pound ground veal, 34 pound ground pork, 12 cup 1 stick butter cut 12 of this amount into cubes, divided, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup button mushrooms about 3 ounces, cleaned, trimmed and sliced, 12 cup demiglace, 4 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup red wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: MemphisStyle Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 55041: {instructions: Puree above ingredients until smooth. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Divide among bowls and garnish with a dollop of crab relish.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lime juice, 4 large red tomatoes, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 medium red bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 cups canned tomato juice, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seed and diced, 1 medium green bell pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 jalapeno, minced, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 4 slices goodquality white bread, crusts left on, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound lump crab meat, picked over, 1 red bell pepper seeded and diced, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 1 cucumber, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cold Tomato Soup with Fresh Crab Gazpacho Relish, picturelink: null}, 55042: {instructions: Arrange spinach leaves on a large platter or individual salad plates. Top with mandarin sections and chopped red onion. Whisk together marmalade and vinegar. Stream oil into dressing while continuing to whisk.nWhen you are ready to serve, pour the dressing over salad and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces baby spinach, about 5 to 6 cups, 1 cup mandarin oranges, drained, 12 cup chopped red onions, 1 tablespoon orange marmalade, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball the amount, Salt and pepper], title: Baby Spinach Salad with Mandarin Orange and Red Onions, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 55043: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Using the bottom of a small skillet smash peppercorns. Press crushed peppercorns into steak until completely covered. Let sit for 30 minutes. Melt butter in a cast iron pan over medium heat. Season steak with salt and place in pan. Cook until dark brown on one side, flip, and cook on other side, approximately 3 minutes per side. Place steak in baking dish and finish in oven to desired degree of doneness, about 3 minutes. Melt butter in skillet and add shallots. Add a splash of cognac, cream and 1 teaspoon crushed peppercorns. Bring to boil and reduce sauce. Serve steak topped with sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons peppercorns, plus 1 teaspoon for garnish, 2inch thick shell steak, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, 4 tablespoons shallots, Cognac, 14 cup cream], title: Steak au Poivre, picturelink: null}, 55044: {instructions: Prepare gas or charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat for directheat cooking.nToast coriander and cumin seeds in a small saute pan over medium heat for 2 minutes or until fragrant and lightly browned. Remove from pan, cool and grind.nPlace ground spices in a large bowl add cilantro, scallions, egg, kosher salt and 12 teaspoon pepper mix well. Gently but thoroughly mix in salmon and panko. Shape mixture into 6 34inch thick patties and refrigerate until ready to grill.nCurried Mustard Mayo: Heat canola oil in a very small nonstick saucepan over medium heat. Add ginger and garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Stir in curry powder and continue to saute for 1 minute. Remove mixture to a mini food processor reserve pan. Add mayonnaise and mustard to processor and puree. Remove to a small bowl, stir in cilantro and season, to taste, with sea salt and pepper. Refrigerate until needed.nOrangeApricot Glaze: Place preserves, butter, orange juice concentrate and cayenne in reserved saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring, until preserves and butter have melted. Boil glaze for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nOil grill grates canola oil. Grill burgers over direct heat for 3 minutes, covered if using a gas grill. Gently flip burgers and grill for 3 minutes. Brush burgers with half of the glaze flip and cook for 1 minute. Brush with remaining glaze flip and cook for 1 additional minute or until burgers are cooked through. Remove. Spray cut sides of buns lightly with cooking spray and grill cut sides down, along outer edges of grill, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nSpread cut side of bottom buns with half of mayo mixture top with half of the watercress leaves, a burger, remaining mayo, remaining watercress and tops of buns. Garnish platter or dinner plates with cilantro and watercress sprigs, as desired., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 bunch scallions, trimmed and minced, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds skinless salmon fillets wild caught preferred, finely chopped, 34 cup panko bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 1 teaspoon sweet curry powder, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 tablespoons honey Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro leaves, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons apricot preserves, chopped, 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons orange juice concentrate, thawed, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Canola oil, 6 poppy seed or sesame seed hamburger buns, split, 3 cups really fresh, crisp watercress leaves, Cilantro and watercress sprigs for garnish, optional], title: Toasted Spice Salmon Burgers with OrangeApricot Glaze and Curried Mustard Mayo, picturelink: null}, 55045: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan combine the maple syrup, the corn syrup, the salt, and the sugar. Bring the mixture to a boil over moderate heat, stirring and washing down any sugar crystals clinging to the side with a brush dipped in cold water, and boil the mixture, undisturbed, until it registers 300 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Stir in the almonds quickly and pour the mixture onto an oiled marble slab or a baking sheet lined with foil. Spread the mixture as thin as possible with a metal spatula and let it cool. Break the almond brittle into serving pieces., ingredients: [1 12 cups Grade B maple syrup, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups sliced unblanched almonds, toasted lightly], title: Maple Almond Brittle, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 55046: {instructions: In the bottom of a medium bowl, combine vinegar, sugar, oil. Add daikon, cucumber, bell pepper, pepper flakes. Toss and combine. Cover and chill until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, tear basil into pieces and add to salad. Toss salad to incorporate basil and serve., ingredients: [12 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons light oil, such as canola or safflower, 1 pound daikon radish, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 English or seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and very thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 20 fresh basil leaves], title: Thai Cucumber and Radish Salad, picturelink: null}, 55047: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBoil the broth and mushrooms over mediumhigh heat in a small saucepan. Turn off the heat and allow the mushrooms to soften in the liquid, about 20 minutes. Remove the mushrooms and coarsely chop. Reserve the liquid.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Cook the pasta until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and reserve about 1 cup pasta water.nHeat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large nonstick saute pan. Add the shallots mushrooms, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook until the shallots are soft, about 3 minutes. Add the chard in batches and cook until wilted, about 7 minutes. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon salt and the remaining 12 teaspoon pepper.nRemove the pan from the heat and add the mascarpone cheese. Stir until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Add the mushroom mixture, chicken and the reserved mushroomcooking liquid to the pasta. Add reserved pasta water if necessary. Toss until all the ingredients are coated and serve., ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, Kosher salt, 1 pound farfalle pasta, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large or 2 small shallots, sliced, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, One 12ounce bunch Swiss chard, center stems removed and leaves chopped into 1inch pieces, 1 cup mascarpone cheese, at room temperature 8 ounces, 2 storebought rotisserie chicken breasts, diced into 12inch pieces to yield 2 cups of meat], title: Farfalle with Chicken, Porcini Mushroom and Swiss Chard, picturelink: FzsqyqMqQj92crFLmYRbkN1rmDGXMy}, 55048: {instructions: 1. Make the pepperoni butter: In a food processor, combine the butter, pepperoni, smoked paprika, and red pepper flakes and process until well combined. The final mixture should be semismooth.n2. Make the toast: Spread a generous amount of the pepperoni butter over each slice of bread. Position an oven rack in the top third of the oven, 35 inches 7.510 cm from the broiler grill element, and preheat to high. If you have an oldschool broiler drawer beneath your oven, you can get a better result by setting the baking sheet on top of a muffin tin, thereby elevating the baking sheet to 23 inches 57.5 cm from the heating element. Set the bread on a foillined baking sheet and broil until golden brown, about 23 minutes watch the bread closely as broiler intensities varynever walk away from food under the broiler. Flip the bread slices and toast the other side until golden brown, another 12 minutes.n3. Place 2 pieces of mozzarella over each bread slice overlapping if necessary, set on the baking sheet, and broil until the cheese is melted and browned, 23 minutes watch the cheese closely as the broiler intensities vary.n4. To serve, top each toast with 1 tablespoon basil and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 115 g unsalted butter, softened, 2 ounces 55 g unsliced pepperoni, cut into 12inch pieces, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Four 34inch 2 cm thick slices countrystyle bread, 12 pound 225 g fresh mozzarella cheese, cut crosswise into 8 slices, 4 tablespoons 14 cup roughly chopped or torn fresh basil leaves, Kosher coarse or flaky salt], title: Cheesy Pepperoni Butter Toast, picturelink: eqA9Du9Di.EwUkyidk8pA12DjFxWAG}, 55049: {instructions: For the dressing: Place the minced garlic cloves on a cutting board, then sprinkle with kosher salt. Using the back of your knife, mash the garlic to form a paste. Add it to a bowl with the lime juice, 14 cup oil, cumin, turmeric, garam masala and red chile flakes, if using. Whisk together, then season with salt and pepper, if necessary. Remove 3 tablespoons of the marinade and set aside for the squid.nFor the squid: Heat up a large grill pan over high heat. Dont put anything on the grill until its screaming hot That will prevent the excess sticking.nMeanwhile, place the lemon juice in a large salad bowl and whisk in a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Add the arugula and toss to lightly coat. Transfer to a serving platter.nDrizzle the nectarine slices with olive oil, and lay them on the grill, turning every minute or so until the fruit have nice grill marks all over. Remove them to a plate. Pat the squid dry with paper towels, if necessary, and add to the reserved marinade. Toss to coat. Shake the calamari of the excess marinade, and place the tubes and tentacles on the hot grill, cooking about 3 minutes per side. If the squid sticks, wait another 30 seconds or so. When its wellseared, it will releasenRemove the calamari from grill, and slice the calamari tubes bodies into rings. Add rings and tentacles to the bowl of reserved dressing and toss well to coat. Arrange the nectarine wedges and calamari on the platter, over the bed of arugula. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the bowl, as desired, and serve.nCombine the cinnamon sticks, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using in a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for grilling, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Generous pinch ground turmeric about 18 teaspoon, Generous pinch storebought or homemade garam masala, recipe follows, Pinch of red chile flakes, optional, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound baby squid tubes and tentacles, cleaned, 12 lemon, juiced, 4 cups baby arugula, washed and dried completely, 1 large nectarine, pit removed and quartered, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Garlicky Grilled Calamari and Nectarine salad, picturelink: E8RJkucVJ68PyFUMtmtUnG8F2g1NeO}, 55050: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChutney: Add wine, sugar, and bay leaf to pot and bring to a boil. Add the prunes and coriander and cook until soft. Add apple and pear and cook until soft. Combine cornstarch and water to make a slurry. Whisk in cornstarch and bring to a boil to thicken and remove bay leaf.nCream Sauce: Saute the onion, celery, carrots, and parsnip until soft, then add tomato paste and saute, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Be careful not to burn the tomato paste. Add veal stock and reduce by half.nIn a separate saute pan over low heat, add 3 tablespoons butter and melt. Add flour and cook, stirring constantly, to make a roux. Cook over low heat until roux is brown, about 15 minutes. Whisk brown roux into the vegetablestock mixture to thicken. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes to cook out the flour taste. Season with salt and pepper and strain.nIn another saute pan, melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter and saute hazelnuts for a few minutes. Add 12 cup of the sauce and the orange juice and bring to a boil and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add heavy cream, salt and white pepper and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Reserve excess brown sauce for another use.nSlice tenderloin into 12inch thick slices. Place each slice in between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and pound to 18inch thick. Season flour with salt and pepper. Dredge the pork in the flour. In a large saute pan, add some of the oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork and saute until golden brown on each side, about 2 minutes per side.nServe with chutney and cream sauce., ingredients: [2 cups red wine, 12 cup sugar, 1 bay leaf, 12 ounces diced prunes, 12 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 1 apple, peeled and diced, 1 pear, peeled and diced, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, 1 onion, chopped, 12 celery stalk, chopped, 2 carrots, peeled and chopped, 1 parsnip, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 quart veal stock, 3 tablespoons butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 ounce hazelnuts, chopped, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 12 cup heavy cream, Salt and white pepper, 1 pork tenderloin, 1 12 cups flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil], title: Pork Tenderloin with Prune, Pear, and Apple Chutney in a Hazelnut Cream Sauce, picturelink: OxcIs.OiO6j0nCN8vpFokF92VNhTIbW}, 55051: {instructions: In a bowl, mix wasabi with soy sauce, juice, and sugar. Whisk in the oil. Mix with seafood, mizuna and tomatoes. Check for seasoning. Garnish with daikon sprouts., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh grated wasabi can substitite with 1 tablespoon fresh horseradish and 2 teaspoon wasabi powder, 1 tablespoon thin soy sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup canola oil, Salt, 14 pound crab meat, 2 lobster tails, halved, 12 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 cups mizuna, 4 ripe Roma tomatoes, sliced, 1 package daikon sprouts], title: Mixed Seafood Salad with Fresh Wasabi Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 55052: {instructions: Make the mac and cheese: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs until al dente. Drain the pasta well and let cool.nIn a medium saucepan, heat the milk and 2 cups heavy cream over medium heat until warm do not boil. In a separate medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the flour to the butter and stir until incorporated, about 5 minutes, making sure it doesnt brown. Add the warm milk and heavy cream, in batches, and whisk until incorporated. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking, about 15 minutes.nAdd the American, gruyere and parmesan cheeses to the milk mixture and whisk until melted, 2 to 3 minutes do not boil. Remove from the heat. Puree with an immersion blender until smooth or transfer to a regular blender in batches and puree. Let cool to room temperature and mix with the pasta.nMake the hot dogs: Lightly oil a grill pan and preheat over mediumhigh heat. Grill the hot dogs until slightly charred, 5 to 7 minutes. Reheat the mac and cheese in a saucepan with the remaining 14 cup heavy cream season with salt and pepper. Place the hot dogs on the buns and top with the mac and cheese. Season with pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound elbow macaroni, 2 cups whole milk, 2 14 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 8 ounces white American cheese, diced, at room temperature about 2 cups, 8 ounces gruyere cheese, grated, at room temperature about 2 cups, 13 cup parmesan cheese, grated, at room temperature, Vegetable oil, for the pan, 6 allbeef hot dogs, 6 potato hot dog rolls, Freshly ground pepper], title: Ditch Dogs, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 55053: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350u00b0. Coat an 8inch loaf pan with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, mash the bananas and avocado.nIn a separate bowl, combine the coconut oil and sugar. Add the egg and vanilla, mixing until thoroughly combined. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, baking powder and baking soda. Add to the egg mixture, stirring until almost fully combined. Add the bananaavocado mixture. Stir until everything is fully incorporated. Pour into prepared pan.nBake for 1 hour. Allow to cool before slicing., ingredients: [Carlini Canola Cooking Spray, 3 bananas, 1 avocado, u00bc cup SimplyNature Organic Coconut Oil, u00be cup Bakers Corner Granulated Sugar, 1 Goldhen Large Egg, 1 teaspoon Stonemill Pure Vanilla, 1u00bd cups Bakers Corner All Purpose Flour, 1 teaspoon Bakers Corner Baking Powder, 1 teaspoon Bakers Corner Baking Soda], title: Coconut Oil AvocadoBanana Bread, picturelink: hUNxUnwURk18i0kv.Z8hEfC2ch2.7qm}, 55054: {instructions: Cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour a 12cup bundt cake pan. In a large mixing bowl, combine the eggs, oil, pie mix, water, and pumpkin pie spice. Beat until well blended. Add the cake mixes and stir to combine. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan and bake for 50 minutes, or until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Invert the cake onto a cooling rack.nGlaze: Combine 2 parts yellow food coloring with 4 parts red food coloring to make orange food coloring. Whisk the powdered sugar, orange juice, orange liqueur, and food coloring in a saucepan on low heat for 5 minutes or until the sugar melts. If the glaze seems too dry, add more water or orange juice to reach the right consistency. Drizzle the glaze over the cake., ingredients: [6 eggs, 23 cup oil, 1 cup canned pumpkin pie mix, 23 cup water, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 box moist spice cake mix, 1 box moist yellow cake mix, Yellow food coloring, Red food coloring, 1 pound powdered sugar, 13 cup orange juice, no pulp, 3 teaspoons orange liqueur], title: Spiced Pumpkin Bundt Cake with Citrus Glaze, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 55055: {instructions: Cook the rice as the label directs. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and let cool.nSoak the lotus leaf in a roasting pan with warm water until pliable, about 1 hour. Soak the mushrooms in a bowl with 2 cups warm water until softened, about 30 minutes. Drain the mushrooms, reserving the liquid, and dice discard the stems.nHeat the peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat. Stirfry the sausage until golden, about 3 minutes. Add the scallions and ginger and stirfry 30 seconds. Season with salt and pepper. Add the jicama and mushrooms and cook until just soft, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the mushroom soaking liquid, soy sauce and Worcestershire sauce simmer, stirring, until the liquid is reduced, about 4 minutes.nToss the rice, sesame oil and vegetablesausage mixture in a large bowl. Center the lotus leaf in a microwavesafe pie dish. Mound the rice mixture in the center and pat firmly. Fold the leaf over to cover and secure with toothpicks. Cover the lotus leaf with a damp towel. Wrap the dish tightly with plastic wrap and microwave until warm, about 15 minutes. Unwrap and scoop out the rice.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups sushi rice, 1 large dried lotus leaf, 8 dried shiitake mushrooms, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 3 links dried Chinese sausage, diced, 1 cup chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons grated peeled ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup diced jicama about 12 medium jicama, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil], title: Lotus Rice With Sausage, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 55056: {instructions: Toast and grind the cumin, black pepper, mustard seeds, coriander and cloves. Now mix them with the chilies, ginger, cinnamon and brown sugar. Store until needednYield: 14 cupnHeat a saute pan until quite hot. Now add some peanut oil and fry the plantain pieces until they are quite dark on all sides. Remove them to paper toweling to drain. Now place the cooked plantains in a bowl and mash in the foie gras and the butter. Season to tastenHeat the olive oil and butter in a large saucepan until the butter is foamy. Add the garlic and jalapenos. Stir. Now add the remaining vegetables and allow to caramelize. Now add the spices and stir. Add the Spanish Sherry wine vinegar and Sherry and stir again. Allow to reduce by half.nNow add the beans and chicken stock. Bring to a boil and skim as necessary. Lower the heat so that its a high simmer until the beans are just cooked, about 1 hour. Strain and reserve the beans in a bowl. Return the stockbean broth mixture to the fire and cook down until almost syrupy. Pour it over the beans and reserve. Season to taste. For the chicken: 4 skin on chicken breasts 14 cup cornmeal 14 cup flour Salt and pepper, as desirednPreheat an oven to 400 degrees.nCut a pocket in the underside of the chicken and spoon the mofongo into it. Cover the pocket back up and season the breast with some of the spice rub.nCombine the flour and cornmeal with the salt and pepper and dredge the four breasts in that. Set aside.nHeat the black bean sauce back up and keep warm.nHeat a large heavy skillet and then add some peanut oil into it. Begin cooking the breasts, skin side down. Allow to get crisp on each side. Now place the skillet into the oven and cook approximately 10 minutes. Remove and allow to rest for a moment. Return the black beans to high heat and season with a touch of the rub, to taste. Now place about 3 to 4 ounces of the bean sauce onto 4 warm plates. Center the chicken on top of the sauce. ServenNote: A warm fruit chutney is a nice addition to this dish., ingredients: [2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon cloves, 1 teaspoon dried chilies finely ground i.e. habaneros are my choice, 1 teaspoon dried ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 very ripe plantain, peeled and cut into 12inch size pieces, 2 ounces foie gras, cut into small pieces, 2 ounces butter, cut into small pieces, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 cloves of garlic, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 jalapenos, stem and seeds discarded, minced, 2 large carrots, peeled and chopped medium, 1 large stalk celery, chopped medium, 1 medium red onion, chopped medium, 2 bay leaves, broken, 1 tablespoon ground black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup Spanish Sherry wine vinegar, 12 cup Sherry, 1 cup black beans, rinsed, picked over for stones and soaked overnight, 7 cups chicken stock], title: Roasted Chicken Mofongo with Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 55057: {instructions: For the sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the muscovado, butter and salt. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Whisk in the cream and cook for an additional minute, continuing to whisk. Remove from heat and stir in the pecans and peaches. Keep warm over a double boiler.nFor the waffles: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cardamom and in a large bowl. Whisk together the milk, sour cream, butter, cane sugar, vanilla and eggs in a medium bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry and whisk until just combined. Let rest for 10 minutes.nPreheat a waffle iron and lightly spray with nonstick spray or brush with butter. Add about 12 cup of the batter per waffle. Close the lid and wait until the steam has stopped emerging from the cracks of the iron, about 4 minutes.nServe the waffles with the toasted pecan praline sauce, dust with confectioners sugar and garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [1 cup packed light brown muscovado sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup chopped pecans, toasted, 3 ripe peaches, halved, pitted and sliced, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, Rounded 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg or cardamom, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons pure cane sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, Nonstick spray or melted unsalted butter, for waffle iron, Confectioners sugar, for garnish, Sprigs fresh mint, for garnish], title: Sour Cream Waffles with Fresh Peaches and Toasted Pecan Praline Sauce, picturelink: aTR3YPs5B40dDHdBLtWr3NOMXCzIo2e}, 55058: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nMake the stuffing: Heat the olive oil in a wide saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, fennel chunks and 34 teaspoon salt and cook until slightly soft, about 7 minutes. Add the coriander and cumin and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the quinoa and broth and bring to a simmer cover and cook over low heat until the quinoa is tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Let cool slightly, then add the scallions, dried apricots, pistachios, olives, parsley, orange zest and juice, fennel fronds, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Toss to combine.nPrepare the capon: Season the inside of the bird with salt. Fill the cavity with the quinoa stuffing and tie the legs together. Place any extra stuffing in a small oiled baking dish, cover with foil and set aside. Brush the capon with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Mix the coriander, cumin and paprika in a small bowl. Rub the spice mixture over the capon and season with salt.nPour 1 cup water in the bottom of a large roasting pan place a rack in the pan. Place the capon on the rack, breastside down, and roast about 30 minutes. Turn the bird breastside up, reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165, 1 hour 15 minutes to 1 hour 30 minutes. Place the dish of extra stuffing in the oven about 15 minutes before the capon is done and cook 20 to 30 minutes. Let the capon rest about 15 minutes before carving.nPhotograph by Roland Bello, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large fennel bulb, cut into 12inch chunks, plus 2 tablespoons chopped fronds, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 12 cup coarsely chopped dried apricots, 12 cup coarsely chopped toasted pistachios, 12 cup coarsely chopped pitted green olives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Grated zest and juice of 1 orange, Freshly ground pepper, 1 8pound capon or large roasting chicken, rinsed and patted dry, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 14 teaspoons sweet paprika], title: Roasted Capon with QuinoaOlive Stuffing, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 55059: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine 8 muffin cups with paper liners. Melt the white chocolate in top of double boiler over simmering water, stirring until smooth. Spoon 1 tablespoon melted chocolate into each paper liner. Using a pastry brush, coat the chocolate evenly over the bottom and up the sides of the liners. Freeze until the chocolate is firm, about 30 minutes. Remelt the white chocolate in the bowl. Spoon 1 tablespoon into each cup and brush over the bottom and up the sides, forming a second coat. Freeze until completely set, about 1 hour.nMelt the bittersweet chocolate in top of a clean double boiler over simmering water, stirring until smooth. At this point, set aside to cool completely.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the cream and sugar in a large bowl until soft peaks form. Set the whipped cream aside.nUsing an electric mixer, beat the mascarpone cheese, melted bittersweet chocolate, orange peel, and vanilla in a large bowl just until smooth and glossy, about 30 seconds do not overmix. Fold the whipped cream into the chocolate mixture in 2 batches. Transfer the mousse to a pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Pipe the mousse into the white chocolate cups. Sprinkle the white chocolate curls over the mousse and serve immediately, or cover and refrigerate overnight, and then let stand at room temperature 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [8 ounces goodquality white chocolate, chopped, 4 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup whipping cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 8 ounces mascarpone cheese, 1 teaspoon grated orange peel, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, White chocolate curls, for garnish], title: Mascarpone and Dark Chocolate Cream in White Chocolate Cups, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 55060: {instructions: In a bowl whisk together the vinegar, the mustard, the creme de cassis, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Add the oil in stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified.nRemove skin from the duck. Scrape off any fat from the duck skin and bake the skin in one layer in a jellyroll pan in a preheated 350 degree oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until it is crisp. Transfer the cracklings to paper towels to drain, sprinkle them with salt to taste, and crumble them. Remove duck meat from the bones and chop.nOn a large platter arrange the orange slices, the raspberries, and the arugula decoratively. In a bowl toss the duck meat, chopped, with 14 cup of the dressing, the scallion, 14 of the cracklings, and salt and pepper to taste and mound the salad on the platter. Drizzle the remaining dressing over the arugula and fruit and serve the remaining cracklings separately., ingredients: [13 cup raspberry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijonstyle mustard, 2 tablespoons creme de cassis, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 whole confit of duck, the neck end and the neck and giblets reserved for another use, 1 navel orange, peel and pith cut away with a serrated knife, the fruit sliced thin crosswise and halved, 1 pint raspberries, 2 bunches of arugula, tough stems discarded, rinsed, and spun dry, 34 cup finely chopped scallion], title: Duck Salad with Raspberries, Oranges, Arugula, and Cracklings, picturelink: null}, 55061: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIf the parsnips and carrots are very thick, cut them in half lengthwise. Slice each diagonally in 1inchthick slices. The vegetables will shrink while cooking, so dont make the pieces too small. Place the cut vegetables on a sheet pan. Add the olive oil, salt, and pepper and toss well. Roast for 20 to 40 minutes, depending on the size of the vegetables, tossing occasionally, until the parsnips and carrots are just tender. Sprinkle with dill and serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds parsnips, peeled, 1 pound carrots, unpeeled, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced fresh dill or parsley], title: Roasted Parsnips and Carrots, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 55062: {instructions: In a steamer place the stems on the bottom, slice 3 thin slices of ginger, place over stems and top with broccoli florets. Steam broccoli for 5 minutes.nGrate the rest of the ginger, there should be about 2 teaspoons. Mix the ginger with soy, vinegar, and sesame oil, and toss with broccoli remove the ginger slices before serving. Arrange on platter, top with red pepper, scallions and sesame seedsnTIP:nLOOKS LIKE BROCCOLI.... BROCCOLI RABEnTrim off the bottom, tough stems of the broccoli rabe, wash well. Slice stems into 12inch pieces and saute with whole peeled garlic cloves in olive oil. After 5 minutes add florets, saute until slightly tender, add a pinch of Italian red pepper and serve over pasta., ingredients: [1 bunch of broccoli, cut in florets, stalks peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 scallion, sliced thinly on bias, 1 red pepper, diced, Toasted sesame seeds for garnish], title: Steamed Broccoli with Ginger, picturelink: null}, 55063: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium, or preheat the broiler. If using a broiler, line a baking sheet with foil.nCombine all of the ingredients in a shallow dish and allow the vegetables to marinate while the grill or broiler heats up.nPut the vegetables in a grilling basket or, if broiling, transfer the vegetables to the prepared baking sheet. Grill or broil, 4 inches from the heat, turning once, until the vegetables are cooked through and lightly charred, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces cremini mushrooms, 1 zucchini, cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 Vidalia or white onion, cut into 14inch thick rings, 13 cup bottled balsamic vinegar salad dressing], title: Grilled Vegetable Basket, picturelink: null}, 55064: {instructions: Combine the potatoes, garlic, red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon vinegar and 1 tablespoon salt in a medium saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then simmer, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, 7 to 10 minutes. Add the onion and cook until almost tender, about 1 more minute. Drain, discarding the garlic. Let the potatoes cool.nWhisk the remaining 4 tablespoons vinegar, the sugar and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Mix in the mayonnaise, sour cream and horseradish. Add the celery and pickles, then gently fold in the potatoes and chopped herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until serving.nPhotograph by Rick Lew, ingredients: [2 pounds purpleskinned fingerling potatoes, quartered lengthwise, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 5 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt, 1 red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 4 tablespoons sour cream, 13 cup horseradish, drained, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 4 halfsour dill or sweet pickles, diced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper], title: Purple Potato Salad, picturelink: 48MaUKZkGWK17inmi4zZpr1to8Jcebe}, 55065: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a charcoal grill for indirect grilling or heat a gas grill to medium heat. Brush drumsticks with oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill over the coals if using charcoal grill and grill until golden brown on all sides. Move the drumsticks to the cooler part of the grill, place the lid on and continue cooking until just cooked through, about 45 minutes to 1 hour, brushing with the glaze during the last 20 minutes of cooking. Remove from the grill, brush with more of the glaze and let rest 10 minutes before serving. If using gas, cook at medium heat the whole time with the lid closed after a crust has formed.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat on the grates of the grill. Add the shallots and garlic and cook until a light golden brown. Add vinegar and cook until reduced by half. Add sugar, paprika, tomatoes and chicken stock and cook until reduced by half and tomatoes are very soft. Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth. Return to the saucepan and cook until thickened season with salt and pepper. Let cool., ingredients: [6 turkey drumsticks, 14 to 16 ounces each, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sherry VinegarBrown Sugar Glaze, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 cup aged sherry vinegar, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Spanish paprika, 4 canned plum tomatoes, drained and chopped, 4 cups homemade chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sherry VinegarBrown Sugar Glazed Turkey Drumsticks, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 55066: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdobo Ketchup:nMix all ingredients together and set aside.nBurgers:nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh.nIn a bowl, combine the Cheddar and onions. Set aside until ready to use.nMix together the ground beef, pepper, salt, garlic, oregano, cumin and egg until thoroughly combined, but not overworked. Form into 4 equalsized balls. Flatten out each ball to 14inch thick and put a tablespoon each of the onion and Cheddar in the middle. Fold the burger meat over the onion and Cheddar, enclosing it securely in the middle of the meat and form it back into a ball. Flatten into 34inch thick burger patties. Grill for 5 to 6 minutes turning only once.nToast the buns on the grill over indirect heat. Add the burgers to the buns and serve with the ketchup., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons Hungarian paprika, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoons medium heat chili powder, 14 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar, 1 cup diced red onion, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 34 teaspoons black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 4 buns], title: OutsideIn Burgers with Adobo Ketchup, picturelink: 9BE62mvguM4EreDVIl6YqsRa7bz9U2}, 55067: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 550 degrees fahrenheit or the highest setting.nBreak the tough ends off the asparagus or trim the Belgian endive and slice it lengthwise into 8 wedges.nPlace the mushrooms in a gratin or other baking dish with the asparagus or endive, the onion, garlic, and thyme. Toss with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast the vegetables, turning a few times to ensure even browning, for about 20 minutes, or until tender when pierced with fork.nTransfer the vegetables and their cooking juices to a salad bowl and add the vinegar and a little more salt and pepper if needed. Toss well, taste for seasoning, and add the greens. Toss well. Scatter the Parmigiano on top and serve at once., ingredients: [10 white asparagus spears or 2 heads, Belgian endive, 1 pound assorted mushrooms, such as chanterelle, oyster, lobster, shiitake, button, andor portobello, cleaned and cut into bitesized pieces, 1 large red onion, cut into 8 wedges, 1 garlic clove, bruised, 2 sprigs thyme or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Kosher or sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 bunch frisee, cut into bitesized pieces, 1 bunch arugula, torn into bitesized pieces about 2 cups, 2 ounces shaved ParmigianoReggiano], title: Roasted Mushroom and White Asparagus or Endive Salad, picturelink: null}, 55068: {instructions: In a sieve set over a bowl, toss the diced cucumber and onions with 1 teaspoon salt. Let it drain at least 1 hour at room temperature, or cover and refrigerate up to 8 hours.nWith flatside of chefs knife, mash garlic with 12 teaspoon salt and make a paste. Add garlic paste to the yogurt mixture with olive oil, lemon juice, dill, and chive. Season with salt and pepper.nPat the chopped cucumber dry with paper towels, and add to the yogurt mixture. Keep the mixture refrigerated until ready to use and serve it with fried skate chicken, burgers or as a dip for veggies., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, seeded and diced, 12 Vidalia onion, diced, Salt, 2 cups500 ml of lowfat Greek yogurt, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon15 ml of olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 cup125 ml of dill, chopped, 12 cup125 ml of chives, Freshly ground pepper], title: Chucks Tzatziki, picturelink: null}, 55069: {instructions: Cook bacon in frying pan on mediumhigh until lightly crisp, remove and chop. Open can of beans drain half of the liquid then put into pan. Add about 2 Tbs. of the rendered bacon fat to the beans and cook on medium low, begin mashing the beans with a potato masher or other utensil like a slotted spoon. Once mashed to desired consistency mix in chopped bacon then salt and pepper to taste and remove from heat. Make sure not to over salt due to the already saltiness of the baconnWarm 48 tortillas by placing them in between two salad size plates face to face this creates a tortilla warmer effect and will keep them warm without drying them out and microwave for about 30seconds.nMeanwhile begin frying eggs in the remaining rendered bacon fat until done sunny side up or to your desired style. I like my yolk done easynSpread refried beans onto individual tortillas then top with slices of queso fresco then plate, return to microwave for 1520 seconds on high or place flat in a wide pan on medium heat until warm. Once warm place one egg on top of each tortilla with bean and cheese, then top with about 34 Tbs. fruit salsa, top that with 34 slices of avocado and sprinkle a pinch of chopped cilantro.nEnjoy, ingredients: [Fruit Salsa:, 2 Nectarines diced, 2 Mangos peeled and diced, 1 Cup diced pineapple, 2 Tomatoes medium to large seeded and diced, 1 Red Onion diced, 26 Jalapeno peppers seeded and diced, 2 Tbs. chopped cilantro, 24 Tbs. Fresh squeezed lime juice, Combine all in a medium mixing bowl, Salt and Pepper to taste, Recipe can be cut in half, Quesadilla:, TortaTostada, 8 oz. pkg of queso fresco, 412 strips of bacon, 48 eggs, 1 pkg flour or corn tortillas, 1 15 oz can of pinto or black beans may substitute can of refried beans, 1 large avocado sliced lengthwise], title: Breakfast Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 55070: {instructions: Cook all the vegetables except the mushrooms separately in salted boiling water until crisptender and then chill them. Saute the mushrooms without butter for a few minutes until tender. Set all the vegetables aside until almost ready to serve.nPlace the lobsters in a tightfitting heatproof container. Cover with cold water. Drain off the water, measure it, and place the water into a large pot. Bring the water to a boil and add 12 cup distilled white vinegar per 8 quarts water. Pour the boiling liquid over the lobsters and let them steep for 2 minutes if using 1 12pound lobsters and 3 minutes if using 2pound lobsters. Remove the lobsters from the hot water.nUsing a towel or rubber gloves, hold the lobster body, and remove the lobster tail by twisting it and detaching from the body by lightly pulling on it. Remove the claws the same way, and place the claws back into the hot water. Set the body on a plate. Repeat with the other lobster.nHold each piece of tail meat flat and twist the tail fan from one side, pull off and discard. Using your fingers, gently push the meat through the tail and pull the meat out through the large opening at the other end. Discard the shell or keep it for stocks and bisques. Lay the tail meat on the rounded side and halve it lengthwise through the middle. Remove the vein that runs through the top of the meat. Lay the meat on a paper towellined plate, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate.nRemove the claws from the water. Twist off each knuckle and reserve. Hold each claw and pull down on the smaller portion of the claw to loosen it and remove it from the larger part of the claw, keeping the meat intact and attached. Still holding the claw, crack the top of the shell with the heel of the knife where the knuckle was attached. Go through the shell but not deep enough to damage the meat. Wiggle the knife to crack the shell. If the shell does not pop off, it may be necessary to turn the claw over and repeat the procedure. Shake the claw meat to remove the meat if it doesnt fall out, cut off the very tip of the shell and blow through the hole to release the meat. Place claw meat on the plate with the tail meat. Repeat with remaining claws.nCut off the top joint of each knuckle, the one that was attached to the lobsters body. Use scissors to cut away the shell along the smooth outside edge of the knuckle. Use your fingers to pry open the shell and remove the meat. Place the knuckle meat on the plate with the tail meat.nFor the lobsters, bring the lobsters to room temperature. Place them in 1 layer in a large saucepan with the melted butter. Over low heat, poach the lobster meat for 5 to 6 minutes.nSlice the lobster pieces into thick slices all about the same size. In a saucepan, heat 1 teaspoon of the poaching butter and add the shallots. Add the vinegar and reduce to almost dry. Add the wine and reduce by 34. Add the cream and reduce by 23. Add the lobster pieces to the pan and saute for 1 minute. Add the Cognac to the pan and keep the pan warm. Adjust seasonings, if necessary.nIn a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the poaching butter. Saute the cooked vegetables with salt and pepper until just heated through and divide the vegetables evenly between 4 plates.nRemove the lobster pieces from the Cognac sauce and plate on top of the vegetables, divided evenly. Strain the sauce over the lobster and vegetables. Garnish with basil and chives., ingredients: [4 purple potatoes, boiled and peeled, 40 haricots verts, trimmed, 32 yellow wax beans, 4 miniature zucchini, 4 miniature yellow squash, 4 miniature green patty pan squash, 4 miniature yellow patty pan squash, 8 shiitakes, sliced, 8 oyster mushrooms, sliced, 2 1 12 to 2 pound lobsters, 1 pound butter, melted, plus 2 ounces very cold butter, cut into small cubes, 13 cup chopped shallots, 12 cup Cognac, 12 cup white vinegar, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon basil chiffonade, 1 teaspoon fresh chives], title: Lobster with Baby Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 55071: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together lime juice, oil, and salt to taste. Stir in remaining ingredients, except lettuce, and season with salt and pepper to taste. Let salad stand, stirring once or twice, 15 minutes for flavors to develop. Serve salad on top of lettuce., ingredients: [3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 15 ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 mango, peeled and chopped, 1 ripe avocado, peeled and chopped, 12 red onion diced, Tabasco, to taste, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 cup shredded Romaine lettuce], title: Black Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 55072: {instructions: In a large skillet or flat griddle over mediumhigh heat, saute the onions and peppers in butter for several minutes until softened.nPlace sausages on the griddle or in the skillet next to the peppers and onions. Flatten slightly to the length of your hoagie roll.nCook sausages for approximately 4 minutes per side or until internal temperature reaches 155 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nPlace half of the peppers and onions on top of 2 sausage links placed side by side and top with 3 slices of provolone cheese. Repeat for second sandwich. Wait for cheese to slightly melt. Pick up sausage and peppers from underneath with a metal spatula and place in hoagie roll. Season with salt and pepper and serve with a side of warm marinara sauce. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 small yellow onion, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 green bell pepper, julienned, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 links raw spicy Italian sausage, skin sliced lengthwise and sausage removed from casings in 1 piece, 6 slices provolone cheese, preferably smoked, 2 8inch hoagie rolls, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup marinara sauce], title: Roman Sausage Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 55073: {instructions: Coarsely chop lettuce. Squeeze the a little lemon juice over apples and pears and toss with greens. Combine cider, vinegar and sugar in a bowl and whisk in oil in a slow stream. Pour dressing over salad and season salad with salt and pepper and toss salad to combine and coat evenly. Serve salad with a garnish of sliced sharp cheddar cheese., ingredients: [1 head red leaf lettuce, 1 head green leaf lettuce, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, a wedge, 1 crisp red apple, such as McIntosh or Paula Red, thinly sliced, 1 Anjou pear, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons apple cider, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and coarse black pepper, 8 ounces sharp cheddar, thinly sliced], title: Orchard Salad, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 55074: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nCombine raisins and orange rind in a microwaveable bowl and pour over the brandy. Microwave for 2 minutes then let it sit while you prepare the batter.nWith an electric mixer, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs 1 at a time.nWhisk together the dry ingredients until homogenous, then fold in the dry ingredients.nStrain the brandy from the raisins and reserve. Stir the raisins, pineapple, and pecans into the batter.nGrease 2 8 by 4inch loaf pans and line the bottom with a piece of waxed paper. Spoon the batter into the pan. Bake 3 hours. Let cool and remove from pan. Poke holes with a large skewer all over the cake.nSoak a large piece of cheese cloth in the reserved brandy. Wrap cooled cake in cheesecloth, place in large plastic bag and store in a cool, dry place.nIt is awesome served with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup golden raisins, 1 cup red raisins, 1 small orange, rind finely chopped, 1 cup brandy, 2 sticks butter, softened, 2 cups light brown sugar, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup finely chopped dried pineapple, 2 cup chopped raw pecans], title: Fruitcake, picturelink: xoLZOK642ZCyhblI.Ke5g6PqTFGmTzC}, 55075: {instructions: Mix the salt with 1 cup water in a small saucepot and bring to a boil. Set aside and allow to cool completely.nMix together the oregano, parsley, thyme, garlic and shallots in a bowl. Mix the vinegar with the salted water, and then pour over the herb mixture. Whisk in the olive oil and season with black pepper., ingredients: [2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf Italian parsley, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Fresh cracked black pepper], title: Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55076: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Open the hamburger buns and arrange on a baking sheet. Brush the buns all over with 1 tablespoon of the mayonnaise. Toast until golden on both sides, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Cut into very small pieces and set aside.nCombine the cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise and a pinch of salt in a food processor and process until very smooth. Transfer to a bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nWhisk the remaining 12 cup mayonnaise, the ketchup and mustard in a bowl for the sauce, cover and refrigerate until ready for use.nArrange the bacon in a large nonstick skillet do in batches if necessary and heat over medium heat. Cook until golden brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Remove, let cool slightly and chop into small pieces.nWipe out the skillet. Heat the oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onethird of the onion and cook, stirring frequently, until soft and just beginning to brown, about 4 minutes. Add the ground beef, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring and breaking up into smaller pieces, until browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Stir in a 13 cup of the prepared ketchup sauce and cool the beef mixture to room temperature.nLet the cheese mixture soften at room temperature, about 30 minutes, before building the dip. Layer the dip in a medium, straightsided 3quart clear glass trifle bowl or your favorite serving dish. Spread out the cheese mixture and then top, in even layers, with the buns, tomatoes, beef, the remaining ketchup sauce, the pickles, the remaining onions and the bacon.nWrap and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 hour and up to overnight. Top with the shredded lettuce right before serving. Serve with chips for dipping., ingredients: [2 sesame seed hamburger buns, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 2 cups shredded yellow Cheddar, Kosher salt and Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup yellow mustard, 10 strips bacon, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 1 pound ground beef, 3 medium tomatoes, chopped, 1 cup chopped dill pickles about 6 spears, 2 cups finely chopped romaine hearts, Corn, potato or tortilla chips, for serving], title: NineLayer Cheeseburger Dip, picturelink: I7iqxSroKlhfKIkXaftvyyzpd8pOhDq}, 55077: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F and arrange a rack in upper third.nPat the pork chops dry with paper towels and put on a cutting board. Using a small paring knife, cut a 2inch opening horizontal to the cutting board, halfway up the meat in each chop. Move the knife back and forth in a fan motion to open the interior of the pocket without significantly widening the opening. You dont want to pierce through the meat but simply create a pocket for the stuffing. Brush the exterior of the chops with oil, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, and set aside until the stuffing is ready.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large ovenproof frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When the oil shimmers, add the shallots and cook until softened. Add the mushrooms, season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook, stirring rarely, until browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the parsley and remove to a plate to cool slightly. Wipe out the frying pan and return it to the stove over mediumhigh heat. Taste the stuffing and adjust the seasoning, as necessary. Stuff half of the mushroom mixture into the pocket of each chop. If the filling is falling out, secure the chops closed with toothpicks.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon oil to the pan over medium heat. When the oil shimmers, arrange the stuffed chops in the pan and cook until browned, about 4 minutes. Flip the chops to the other side and transfer the pan to the oven. Bake until the pork is cooked and an instantread thermometer, inserted into the center of the chops, registers 160 degrees F, about 12 to 15 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and set the pork aside on serving plates to rest. Return the pan to the stove over medium heat and add the vermouth. Cook, scraping the bits from the bottom of the pan with a spatula, until the alcohol smell is cooked off and is slightly reduced, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat, add the butter, and let it melt. Taste the sauce and adjust the seasoning. Drizzle the sauce over the chops and serve with a gratin, mashed potatoes, or polenta, if desired., ingredients: [2 1inch thick bonein pork chops 14 ounces each, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra for coating pork chops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced, 5 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 12 cup white vermouth, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: MushroomStuffed Pork Chops with Vermouth Sauce, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 55078: {instructions: Put the crushed candy canes on a small plate. Use a wet paper towel to wet the rims of 4 mugs and dip in the candy canes to coat.nBring the milk and white chocolate to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat, whisking until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the vodka and peppermint extract.nDivide the hot chocolate among the 4 prepared mugs, immediately top with the whipped cream and sprinkle with a little of the remaining crushed candy canes., ingredients: [2 candy canes, crushed, 3 cups whole milk, 8 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 13 cup vodka, 2 teaspoons peppermint extract, Whipped cream, for topping], title: PeppermintVodka Hot Chocolate, picturelink: aqm4zwlNlSHgR1F4U9KJVBdBbQ2m5mC}, 55079: {instructions: Begin thawing the turkey in the refrigerator or in a cooler kept at 38 degrees F.nCombine the vegetable stock, salt, brown sugar, peppercorns, allspice berries, and candied ginger in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat. Stir occasionally to dissolve solids and bring to a boil. Then remove the brine from the heat, cool to room temperature, and refrigerate.nCombine the brine, water and ice in the 5gallon bucket. Place the thawed turkey with innards removed breast side down in brine. If necessary, weigh down the bird to ensure it is fully immersed, cover, and refrigerate or set in cool area for 8 to 16 hours, turning the bird once half way through brining.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Remove the bird from brine and rinse inside and out with cold water. Discard the brine.nPlace the bird on roasting rack inside a half sheet pan and pat dry with paper towels.nCombine the apple, onion, cinnamon stick, and 1 cup of water in a microwave safe dish and microwave on high for 5 minutes. Add steeped aromatics to the turkeys cavity along with the rosemary and sage. Tuck the wings underneath the bird and coat the skin liberally with canola oil.nRoast the turkey on lowest level of the oven at 500 degrees F for 30 minutes. Insert a probe thermometer into thickest part of the breast and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Set the thermometer alarm if available to 151 degrees F. A 14 to 16 pound bird should require a total of 2 to 2 12 hours of roasting. Let the turkey rest, loosely covered with foil or a large mixing bowl for 15 minutes before carving., ingredients: [1 14 to 16pound frozen young turkey, 1 gallon vegetable stock, 1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons allspice berries, 1 12 teaspoons chopped candied ginger, 1 gallon heavily iced water], title: Altons Roast Turkey, picturelink: null}, 55080: {instructions: Heat 12 cup milk until lukewarm 105 degrees F to 110 degrees F. Pour into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook attachment, sprinkle in the sugar and yeast and let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. Add the softened butter, about half each of the flour and remaining milk, and the fine salt mix on medium speed until incorporated, about 1 minute. Add the egg and mix until incorporated, then add the remaining flour and milk knead on mediumhigh speed until the dough is smooth and pulls away from the bowl, about 5 minutes it will still be sticky.nLightly brush a large bowl with vegetable oil and add the dough. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nLightly brush two 12cup muffin pans with some of the melted butter. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Punch down the dough. Tear off about 1 tablespoon of dough and roll into a ball, then put on the prepared baking sheet repeat with the remaining dough. Dip the dough balls in the remaining melted butter, letting the excess drip off, and arrange 3 balls in each muffin cup to make a clover shape. Cover the pans loosely with plastic wrap and let rise in the refrigerator, at least 8 hours or up to 1 day. Cover and refrigerate the remaining melted butter.nPosition racks in the lower and upper thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Remove the muffin pans from the refrigerator, uncover and let stand at room temperature, 1 hour. Sprinkle with sea salt and bake, rotating the pans halfway through, until the rolls are golden, 15 to 20 minutes. Melt the reserved butter, then brush on the hot rolls while still in the pan. Serve or let cool and freeze.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 34 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 13 cup sugar, 1 14ounce packet active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter 1 12 sticks softened, 1 stick melted, 6 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons fine salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Vegetable oil, for brushing, Flaky sea salt, for topping], title: Parker House Rolls With Sea Salt, picturelink: 5SNZEZmAsJv3f3wTJe9t7TQulKZoa.}, 55081: {instructions: Mash first 3 ingredients in a small bowl until almost smooth. Place bread on work surface and surface and spread mixture on 1 side of each slice. Top each of 4 bread slices with 14 of beef, then onion and arugula. Season with salt and pepper. Top with remaining bread, cheese side down. Melt butter in heavy large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add sandwiches and cook until golden, about 2 minutes per side. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 cup crumbled Stilton cheese, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 8 3 by 5inch sourdough bread slices, 1 pound thinly sliced roast beef, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 bunch arugula, stems trimmed, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons 14 stick butter], title: Grilled Roast Beef and Stilton Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 55082: {instructions: Trim any rind from the cheese and bring it to room temperature. In a mixing bowl, combine the cheese and sugar and mix until the sugar has dissolved.nMelt the filling chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water. Use 1 ounce chocolate for Camembert and goat cheese fillings use 2 ounces for blue cheese fillings. Make sure the cheese you use is at room temperature and very soft. If it is too firm, microwave it briefly to soften it.nCombine the melted chocolate, superfine sugar, and cheese, and work together with a wooden spoon or flexible spatula until the mixture is homogenous. This may be easier if you add a few drops of water or a little butter. If the mixture is too soft to shape, refrigerate for 15 to 20 minutes.nRoll portions of the mixture into 12inch balls and refrigerate for 15 to 20 minutes. Melt and temper the coating chocolate. Dip the cheese balls in the tempered chocolate, letting the excess drain off. Allow to set at room temperature. Keep in a cool place and serve on the same day., ingredients: [4 ounces weight without rind ripe Camembert, fresh goats milk cheese, or Stilton or Gorgonzola, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 1 to 2 ounces Scharffen Berger dark chocolate 70 percent cacao, finely chopped, 6 ounces Scharffen Berger dark chocolate 70 percent cacao, finely chopped], title: Harold McGees ChocolateCheese Truffles, picturelink: null}, 55083: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a deep pot over medium high heat. Add oil, garlic, bay, and pancetta bits and brown for 1 minute. Add meats and brown and crumble them for 5 minutes.nChop carrot, celery, and onions near the stove and add to the pot as you work. Cook vegetables with meat 5 minutes and add wine. Cook for 1 minute add stock and tomatoes to the pot.nStir in parsley, allspice, or cinnamon and season sauce with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring sauce to a boil, reduce heat to medium low, and cook 10 to 15 minutes minimum before serving. Reheated sauce only improves.nToss pasta cook off only as much pasta as you need at the time: half a pound for every 3 people with a couple of ladles of sauce to coat, then top bowl with extra sauce. Top pasta with lots of cheese and pass bread at the table., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 14 pound pancetta, thick cut, chopped into small bits Italian cured pork, ask at deli counter, 12 pound bulk hot Italian sausage, 1 pound combined ground beef, pork and veal, 1 medium carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 rib celery, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup good quality dry red wine, 1 cup prepared beef stock, paper container or canned, 2 32ounce cans chunky style crushed tomatoes, A handful chopped flat leaf parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon a couple of pinches allspice or cinnamon, Coarse salt and black pepper, 2 pounds penne rigate, cooked to al dente, Grated Pecorino Romano, as an accompaniment, Fresh, crusty bread, for mopping], title: Christmas Pasta, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 55084: {instructions: Arrange the pistachios in 3 flower shapes on the cupcake, using 6 pistachios per flower.nSnip 3 little rounds from the dried fruit and put a piece in the center of each flower., ingredients: [18 very green pistachios, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 1 piece brightly colored dried fruit], title: Pistachio Flowers, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 55085: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan in a slow stream. Add garlic, shallots, zucchini and carrots. Saute 5 minutes. Add curry, chicken broth and bring to a boil. Add orzo and bring to a boil. Cover and reduce heat to medium. Cook, stirring occasionally until pasta absorbs the liquid and is al dente in texture, 10 minutes. Uncover and stir in cheese, parsley and peas. Season with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 small zucchini, chopped, 1 cup shredded carrots, chopped, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup orzo pasta, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, a handful, 1 cup frozen peas, Salt and pepper], title: Primavera Orzo, picturelink: u3pYM4dxtVBq3qoO8JaZsBWbWSsPtQS}, 55086: {instructions: Using a meat grinder with a 38inch plate, grind the meat. Change to a 18inch plate, and grind a second time. Shape the ground meat into 4 7ounce patties. In a mixing bowl, combine the kosher salt, pepper, garlic salt, onion salt and celery salt. Mix well. Place burger on a hot grill and season with the seasoning salt. Cook the burgers halfway to desired temperature and flip over and finish cooking. Place cheese on the burger when it is 34 of the way cooked and melt. Place bottom bun on plate. Place burger on bottom bun. Place lettuce, tomato and onion on top of the burger. Cover with top bun and secure with a toothpick. Place pickle next to the burger. Place fries on the plate., ingredients: [28 ounces fresh USDA choice beef chuck, diced, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon garlic salt, 12 tablespoon onion salt, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 8 slices American cheese  1 slice if any other kind of cheese, 4 sesame hamburger buns, toasted, 8 leaves iceberg lettuce, 4 slices tomato, 14inch thick, 4 slices red onion, 14inch thick, 4 toothpicks, 4 pickle spears, 2 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled, cut into fries and fried until golden brown], title: Jimmy Buffetts Cheeseburger in Paradise, picturelink: SsgHFFSWSjAvlpLMIbI2zGDVQwR2nk2}, 55087: {instructions: Special equipment: An ice cream maker and a candy or instantread thermometernWhisk the cream, milk, sugar, vanilla and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk 1 cup of the hot cream mixture into the beaten yolks, then pour back into the saucepan, whisking, and return to medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens, coats the spoon and reaches 180 degrees F on a thermometer, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain the custard through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl or measuring cup discard the solids. Stir often until the mixture cools to room temperature. Lightly press plastic wrap directly against the surface of the custard to prevent a skin from forming. Chill until cold, about 3 hours. For faster chilling, set the bowl of custard in a bowl of ice water and stir until cold.nPlace an 8inch square metal pan in the freezer to chill then freeze the cold custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers directions. Put the cookies into a resealable plastic bag and lightly crush with the smooth side of a meat mallet or the bottom of a measuring cup.nRemove chilled pan and sprinkle in half of the crumbled cookies. Top with half of the ice cream, then repeat with remaining cookies and ice cream. Working quickly, use a spoon to incorporate the cookies into the ice cream mixing from bottom to the top. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, 2 to 3 hours., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 cup whole milk, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 5 large egg yolks, 4 ounces chocolate wafer cookies, such as Famous Chocolate Wafers about 20], title: Homemade CookiesandCream Ice Cream, picturelink: DIVj0akkaQRjyQ.9EEGZ1mPLOFhWlX2}, 55088: {instructions: For the crab cakes: Combine the mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, stoneground mustard and paprika in a large bowl. Add the crab, parsley and green onions and gently mix to combine. Begin adding the breadcrumbs 14 cup at a time until the mixture just holds together. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nFor the sour orange sauce: Combine the orange juice, lime juice, vinegar, chile powder, cumin and garlic in a medium saucepan, bring to a simmer over high heat and cook until reduced by half season with salt and pepper. Strain into a bowl, add the honey, oregano and zest and let cool to room temperature before serving.nFor the mangoavocado relish: Combine the avocado, mango and red pepper in a medium bowl. Toss with the cilantro, canola oil, lime juice and salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nTo finish the crab cakes, divide the crab mixture into 8 cakes and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Brush the tops of the cakes with mayonnaise and place overlapping layers of sliced plantains on top. Season the tops with salt, pepper and chile de arbol.nHeat 3 tablespoons of canola oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat until the oil begins to shimmer. In batches, add the crab cakes plantainside down and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Flip and continue cooking until just heated through, about 5 minutes longer. Repeat with the remaining crab cakes, adding up to 3 tablespoons more oil if needed.nTo serve, spoon some of the sour orange sauce into the bottom of 4 shallow bowls. Top with 2 crab cakes followed by some mangoavocado relish. Garnish with cilantro leaves., ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, plus more for brushing on the crab cakes, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon stoneground mustard, 12 teaspoon paprika, 1 14 pounds blue crab meat, picked over, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 green onions, dark green and pale green parts, thinly sliced, 14 to 34 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 green plantain, peeled, sliced paper thin ideally on a mandoline and submerged in cold water until using, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chile de arbol powder, as needed, Canola oil, for frying, 3 cups fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup white wine vinegar, Pinch of pure chile powder, Pinch of ground cumin, 1 head garlic, sliced in half crosswise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon clover honey, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh oregano, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 Hass avocado, diced, 1 small mango, diced, 12 roasted red pepper, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Crab Cakes with MangoAvocado Relish and Sour Orange Sauce, picturelink: A4VHH8uNo7QLDIlDMLszuWpA3ygHUOy}, 55089: {instructions: For the chickpeas: Soak the chickpeas in a bowl of cold water overnight. Drain and rinse, then put in a pot with the onion and bay leaf. Cover the beans, just with water. Bring to a simmer and cook, covered, until very tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the beans, discarding the onion and bay leaf.nHeat the oil in a saute pan, and gently fry the garlic, 30 seconds. Add the chickpeas, salt, and pepper, to taste, to heat through. Crush a bit, here and there, with a potato masher, leaving some chickpeas whole. Remove from the heat, and stir in the olives, parsley, and lemon zest. Add lemon juice, to taste. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, and serve as a base for the fish or chicken.nFor the carrots: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the carrots lengthwise, leaving a bit of green top attached, for looks. Toss on a baking sheet with the olive oil, crushed cumin seed, and salt and pepper, to taste. Roast until tender and goldenedged, about 30 minutes, depending on their size. They should be slightly crinkly and goldenedged.nFor the halibut: Melt the butter in a saucepan, and cook until lightly brown and foaming. Add a squeeze of lemon juice, and set aside.nHeat the oil in a frying pan. Season the fish with salt, and pepper on both sides, place the fish in the hot pan, and fry 4 minutes. Flip, and cover to finish, 4 to 6 minutes. Serve the fish with some brown butter dribbled over.nFor plating: Spoon a small pile of the crushed chickpeas and olives on the plate. Add the fish to the plate and top with the roasted carrots., ingredients: [1 cup or 14ounces dried chickpeas garbanzo beans, 1 onion, quartered, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup pitted green olives, Handful chopped fresh parsley leaves, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 8 slender carrots, with tops, Olive oil, for drizzling, 2 teaspoons cumin seed, lightly crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup or 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 lemon, halved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 4ounce halibut fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Halibut with Brown Butter, Crushed Chickpeas with Olives and Roasted Cumin Carrots, picturelink: null}, 55090: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over mediumlow heat. Throw in the sliced onions and cook slowly until the onions are golden brown and soft, 20 to 25 minutes, stirring occasionally.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the ground beef, Worcestershire and some salt and pepper. Form into 4 patties.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a separate skillet over medium heat. Cook the patties on both sides until totally done in the middle.nAssemble the patty melts this way: Slice of bread, slice of cheese, hamburger patty, a quarter of the cooked onions, another slice of cheese and another slice of bread.nOn a clean griddle or in a large skillet over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter and grill the sandwiches until golden brown. Remove the sandwiches and add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter to the skillet. Return the sandwiches to the skillet, flipping them to the other side. Cook until golden brown and crisp, and until the cheese is melted. Slice in half and serve immediately, ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1whole large onion, halved and sliced, 1 12pounds ground beef, 5 dashes Worcestershire sauce, Saltand fresh ground black pepper, 8 slices rye bread, 8slices Swiss cheese], title: Patty Melts, picturelink: 4sF3RS8x4CnMmB5b7KLry9ADQWqBhi}, 55091: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a large jellyroll pan with aluminum foil.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the carrots, melted butter and salt. Spread out the carrots in a single layer on the jellyroll pan and roast until tender, stirring once, 25 to 30 minutes. Toss with the chopped herbs if using and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds carrots, peeled and cut diagonally into 3by12inch sticks, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill or parsley optional], title: Roasted Carrots, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 55092: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Marrakesh Carrot Salad: combine the lemon juice, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, paprika, red pepper flakes, and salt in a bowl. Mix well to combine. Add the honey, parsley, olive oil, and carrots. Mix well, cover, and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the Chermoula Mayonnaise: combine the cilantro, garlic, cumin, paprika, harissa, lemon juice, salt, and olive oil in a blender and process until well blended. Put the mixture in a small bowl and fold in the mayonnaise. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPrepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh.nFor the Meat Patties: combine the beef, sausage, apricots, dates, cumin, cinnamon, cilantro, mint, harissa, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Mix well, handling the meat as little as possible to avoid compacting it. Divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form the portions into patties to fit the rolls.nBrush the grill rack with oil. Place the patties on the rack, cover, and grill until browned on the bottoms, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the patties and continue grilling until done to preference, about 5 minutes longer for medium. During the last few minutes of cooking, brush the tops of the rolls with the red food coloring and carefully place the rolls, cut side down, on the outer edges of the rack to toast lightly.nTo assemble the burgers: spread a generous amount of the Chermoula Mayonnaise over the cut sides of the rolls. On each roll bottom, place 12 cup of the shredded romaine, a Meat Patty, and an equal amount of the Carrot Salad. Add the roll tops and serve., ingredients: [1 lemon, juiced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground paprika, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 pound carrots, peeled and grated, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground paprika, 1 teaspoon harissa North African hot sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 12 pound merguez North Africanstyle lamb sausage, casing discarded, 2 ounces dried apricots, diced, 2 ounces dried dates, diced, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 teaspoons harissa, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for brushing the grill rack, 6 Kaiser or hamburger rolls, split, 3 ounces red food coloring, 3 cups shredded romaine lettuce], title: Sweet and Spicy Red Fez Burger with Marrakesh Carrot Salad and Chermoula Mayonnaise, picturelink: AQ60r3Hy6e4fprfB5Q8.t0SLZr1CY3q}, 55093: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add Green Tea Vodka, lemon juice, orange liqueur, and Simple Syrup. Cover and shake until mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Strain into a tall glass filled with Flowery Ice Cubes, if using.nPlace both tea bags into the vodka. Cover, shake, and let steep for 2 hours. Remove and discard the tea bags.nPut the sugar and water in a small saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Alternatively, heat in the microwave. Store in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.nDrop 1 edible flower into each segment of an icecube tray fill with water and freeze., ingredients: [Ice, 2 ounces Green Tea Vodka, recipe follows, 12ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1ounce orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 14ounce golden rum, 2 to 3 teaspoons Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Flowery Ice Cubes, for garnish optional, 1 cup vodka, 2 gunpowder green tea bags or 2 tablespoons loose gunpowder green tea, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, Edible flowers, Water], title: Long Island Green Tea, picturelink: null}, 55094: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Set a wire rack over a baking sheet.nSlice of the top and bottom of the oranges using a serrated knife. Place the oranges, cut side down, on the cutting board and slice away the outer layer of skin and pith to just reveal the flesh. Cut the oranges into 12inchthick slices and then into quarters. Place the oranges in a bowl and add the turbinado sugar and orange liqueur toss to coat. Arrange the oranges on the wire rack and transfer to the oven. Cook until the sugar has caramelized, 13 to 15 minutes. Let cool, then sprinkle the oranges with the salt and pepper. Reserve to the side.nCombine the heavy whipping cream and vanilla seeds in a medium mixing bowl. Whisk until soft peaks form. Fold in the mascarpone and set aside.nTo assemble: Spoon a dollop of mascarpone whipped cream into 4 to 6 footed parfait glasses. Top with a layer of caramelized oranges. Repeat four more times, so there are five layers of whipped cream and oranges in each glass. Refrigerate the parfaits for 20 minutes to set up.nGarnish each parfait with a drizzle of olive oil and a pinch of cinnamon, if using. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 oranges, 12 cup turbinado sugar, 14 cup orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 large vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, room temperature, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, optional, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, plus for garnish, optional], title: Caramelized Orange Parfait, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 55095: {instructions: null, ingredients: [6 eggs, 6 white potatoes, 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves4 whole pickles, shredded, plus extra pickle slices for decorating, One 14.5ounce can green peas, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 12 cup mayonnaise, plus more for serving, 13 cup fresh dill, chopped], title: Salad Olivier, picturelink: null}, 55096: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pico de guyo: Remove the thin outer layers of the onion and chop into 18 by 18inch pieces. Chop the jalapeno in half and remove the seeds and inner membrane use gloves when handling the jalapeno. Dice the jalapeno into small pieces. Cut the tomatoes into 18 by 18inch pieces. Cut the lime in half and squeeze the juice into the mix. Add the salt and pepper. Let all the ingredients sit and marinate for at least 30 minutes.nFor the cilantro lime sauce: Mix the mayonnaise, sour cream, cilantro, lime juice, garlic powder and onion powder together and let marinate for at least 30 minutes.nFor the corn tortillas: Place the corn flour in a mixing bowl. Add the salt and pepper. Slowly add the water while mixing the dough with your hands until it becomes a tad bit softer than a play dough consistency. Break off the dough into twentyfour 14inch round balls. Flatten the dough using a tortilla press that has been lined with a ziptop bag on each side. Remove the dough and place directly onto a skillet that has been lightly oiled and heated to 350 degrees F. When you notice the dough just beginning to show stress cracks, about 3 minutes, flip it and cook an additional 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stack with paper towels in between each tortilla.nFor the blackening seasoning: Combine the oregano, thyme, smoked paprika, cayenne pepper and white pepper in a bowl and mix together.nFor the fish: Cut your fresh fish into small cubes about 14 by 14inch. Sprinkle liberally with 12 tablespoon of the blackening seasoning. Heat the oil in a pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the fish to the pan and saute for 1 minute. Add the garlic to the pan and continue to saute for about 45 more seconds. Add the wine and cilantro. Finish cooking about 1 more minute.nReheat the tortillas if necessary, remove from the heat and add some lettuce, cooked fish, cilantro lime sauce and pico de guyo. Serve 3 per plate. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 small yellow onion, 1 jalapeno pepper, 2 plum tomatoes, 1 fresh lime, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 14 tablespoon garlic powder, 14 tablespoon onion power, 2 cups corn flour, such as Maseca, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 14 cup room temperature water, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 18 teaspoon smoked paprika, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 small fish fillets We use tuna, but you can substitute with whatever your familys favorite fish is. Total weight should be about 1 12 pounds., 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon crisp chardonnay if you have to cook with it, make it something that you will enjoy finishing your meal, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro], title: Fish Tacos, picturelink: zjVmblWAYVcGjZv1lDL7bNpxUA3R.BG}, 55097: {instructions: Make cake: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. and butter and flour a 1quart kugelhopf pan, knocking out excess flour.nIn a bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, salt, verbena or zest, and zest. In another bowl with an electric mixer beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition, and beat in vanilla. Beat in half of flour mixture. Beat in milk and lemon juice and beat in remaining flour mixture until just combined.nSpoon batter into pan, smoothing top, and bake in middle of oven 45 to 55 minutes, or until golden brown on top and a tester comes out clean. Cool cake in pan on a rack 15 minutes and invert into rack to cool completely.nMake glaze while cake is cooling: In small bowl whisk confectioners sugar, a little at a time, into lemon juice until smooth and thick.nWhen cake is completely cooled, drizzle glaze over cake and let it drip down sides. Cake may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered.nServe cake at room temperature with strawberries., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour not selfrising, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh lemon verbena or 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 34 teaspoon vanilla, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Accompaniment: strawberries], title: Lemon Verbena Pound Cake with Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 55098: {instructions: Combine nut mixture and set aside.nRoast sweet potatoes in 375 degree oven for 1 12 hours, or until a knife can entirely pierce the potato. When potatoes have cooled slightly, mash with a fork and set aside. Grease mini loaf pans and set aside. Cream butter and sugars together until light. Scrape bowl often. Add orange zest, then eggs one at a time. Again, scrape bowl often. In another bowl, combine dry ingredients and mix well. Alternate the dry and wet ingredients with the mashed sweet potato in 3 parts starting with the dry. Mix until batter is well combined, but do not over mix. Spoon batter into loaf pans and sprinkle the spiced nuts over the top of each loaf. Gently fold in nuts, leaving some exposed. Bake at 350 degrees for about 40 minutes. For the Molasses Cream: Whip cream 50 percent, add powdered sugar and molasses. Continue whipping until fully whipped. ASSEMBLING DESSERT: Slice pound cake and place on plate. With a wet spoon gently scoop whipped cream and place along side of pound cake. Enjoy., ingredients: [2 12 cups sweet potato, 8 ounces butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 oranges, zested, 4 eggs, 3 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 cup roasted and lightly salted peanuts or cashews, 1 12 tablespoons maple syrup, 14 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoons ground ginger, 16 ounces heavy cream, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons molasses], title: Sweet Potato Pound Cake with Molasses Cream, picturelink: null}, 55099: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a panini grill to medium high. Place the doughnuts inside and press for 2 to 3 minutes. If you dont have a panini grill, you can also use a grill pan and place a weight on top of the doughnuts to press them down.nMeanwhile, microwave the chocolatehazelnut spread until melted, about 40 seconds. Serve the doughnuts with the chocolatehazelnut sauce for dipping., ingredients: [4 cinnamon sugar doughnuts, 14 cup chocolatehazelnut spread], title: Grilled Doughnuts with Melted ChocolateHazelnut Sauce, picturelink: zUZBBA4o2e0RvvOgmxmyz4vWJB56FmK}, 55100: {instructions: Quickcooking polenta made to package directions, or crustystyle bakeoff packaged bread such as ciabatta or, fresh crusty bread  pop in freezer if storing more than one night.nPlace the dried mushrooms, and stock in small pot over mediumhigh heat. Bring to low boil then reduce heat to low and reconstitute.nHeat a thin layer of olive oil, a couple of turns of the pan, in a large skillet with a tightfitting lid or a Dutch oven, over mediumhigh heat. Pat the chicken pieces dry, and season liberally with salt and pepper. To avoid crowding the pan, brown 12 the chicken at a time, skinside down, for 5 minutes, then turn the chicken and brown 3 to 4 minutes more.nRemove the browned chicken to a plate and add to the pan the sliced fresh mushrooms, browning the mushrooms for 10 to 15 minutes. Add the onion, carrot, celery, garlic, thyme, and bay leaves, salt, and pepper and stir 10 minutes more to soften.nDeglaze the pot with the Marsala. Add the chicken pieces back to the pot and arrange the vegetables and mushrooms on top. Remove the porcinis from the small pot, roughly chop, and add to chicken. Pour the porcini stock over the chicken, reserving the last couple of spoonfuls, as this is where any grit may have settled.nCover and braise at a low simmer for 30 minutes over low heat. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over a medium flame, or in a preheated 325 degree F oven, and heat through 20 to 30 minutes. Serve with quickcooking polenta or crusty bread, and garnish with chopped celery tops., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 2 cups chicken stock, Olive oil, for frying, 4 pieces chicken leg quarters, bonein, skinon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 2 onions, sliced, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, A few sprigs thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped, 2 large fresh bay leaves, 12 to 34 cup Marsala or white wine, 12 cup celery tops or flatleaf parsley, chopped], title: Braised Chicken with Mushrooms, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 55101: {instructions: Toast the pepitas in a medium dry skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, 3 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl set aside.nHeat 14 inch of vegetable oil in the skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, add the tortilla strips and fry, turning as needed, until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towelu00bflined plate season with salt and pepper. Let cool, then break each strip in half.nMake the dressing: Combine the crema, Cotija cheese, 14 cup cilantro, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, the lime juice and garlic in a food processor pulse until smooth, adding 1 to 2 tablespoons water if needed to loosen. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the dressing to a large bowl add the romaine, pickled jalapenos, pepitas, shrimp, the remaining 14 cup cilantro and half of the tortilla strips. Season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Top each serving of salad with the remaining tortilla strips and more cheese.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [13 cup salted pepitas green pumpkin seeds, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 2 8inch flour tortillas, cut into 14inch strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 12 cup grated Cotija cheese about 2 ounces, plus more for topping, 12 cup fresh cilantro, Juice of 1 lime, 1 clove garlic, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, roughly chopped about 10 cups, 12 cup pickled jalapenos with vegetables, drained and chopped, 20 cooked medium shrimp about 12 ounces], title: Mexican Caesar Salad with Shrimp, picturelink: a7mmRIcmsrjuOiStJTVmCAsmm4P0XK}, 55102: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients except the oil together until well blended.nHeat 12inch vegetable oil in a wide frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Drop the batter by heaping tablespoonfuls into the hot oil being careful not to overcrowd them in the pan. Cook, turning once, until browned on both sides, about 1 minute per side. Drain and serve warm., ingredients: [1 cup creamed corn, 1 cup whole kernel corn, 2 large eggs, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Chefs Market Corn Fritters, picturelink: null}, 55103: {instructions: Add the oil to a saucepan and heat over mediumhigh heat until the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nCombine the flour, curry powder, cumin, cayenne pepper, onion powder and garlic powder in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Adjust the seasoning to your liking. Toss the onions in the flour mixture until fully coated, shaking off the excess, and add to the oil. Fry until golden and crisp, about 10 minutes. Place on a cooling rack or paper towels to remove any excess oil., ingredients: [12 cup cooking oil, your preference, 3 cups glutenfree allpurpose baking flour, 4 tablespoons curry powder, 4 tablespoons ground cumin, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 yellow onion, thinly sliced], title: French Fried String Onions, picturelink: null}, 55104: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a small bowl, and serve on chicken or fish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon redpepper flakes, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Lemon Parsley Power Pack, picturelink: null}, 55105: {instructions: Combine the chicken, soy, sugar, sesame oil, scallions, cornstarch, ginger and sausage and let marinate refrigerated for at least 15 minutes.nIn a clay pot or saucepan, combine the rice, salt and oil. On high heat, saute briefly then add the stock to Fuji 1 14 inches above the rice. Bring to a boil then reduce to medium heat and simmer until the stock has evaporated to the level of the rice. Add the chicken mixture, cover and cook in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes. Stir well, cover, turn heat on high for only 1 minute then reduce heat to very low. Cook for an additional 10 minutes, then turn heat off. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.nPlating: Serve rice pot family style with rice bowls and chopsticks.nWine Suggestion: Percy McCoy Vineyards, Sonoma County, Chardonnay, ingredients: [3 chicken thighs, boned, 12inch dice, with the skin, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 12 tablespoon sugar, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 12 cup sliced scallions, 12 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 lapchang Chinese sausage, 14inch disks, 3 cups Chinese long grain rice, washed until water is clear, drained, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 6 cups chicken stock], title: Chicken and Chinese Sausage Rice Hot Pot, picturelink: null}, 55106: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFry the chicken breasts in 1 tablespoon butter and the canola oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until done in the middle, about 8 minutes. Set aside.nTo assemble the sandwiches, spread a generous amount of mustard on half of the bread slices. Spread a generous amount of ranch dressing on the other half. Definitely be generous when the sandwiches cook, these will turn into more of a sauce.nOn the ranchcovered slices of bread, place a slice of cheese, a piece of chicken, 2 slices of bacon and a second slice of cheese. Top each with the mustardcovered slice of bread. Butter the outsides of the bread generously with the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, then grill in a panini maker. If you do not have a panini maker, you can grill the sandwiches in a skillet, laying a heavy skillet on top of the sandwiches to press them together. Turn to grill the other side in the same way.nSlice the sandwiches in half and gobble them down immediately., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts, each cut in half through the middle to make 2 thinner breasts, 5 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 tablespoon canola oil, Spicy mustard, for spreading, 8 slices crusty French bread, Ranch dressing, homemade or bottled, for spreading, 8 slices sharp Cheddar, 8 slices cooked bacon], title: Chicken Bacon Ranch Panini, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 55107: {instructions: For the dressing: Put all the ingredients into a small bowl or jam jar. Whisk with a fork until the dressing has emulsified.nFor the salad: Wash and dry the lettuce and salad leaves. If large, tear into bitesize bits. Put in a deep salad bowl and add the herb sprigs and edible flowers. Toss, cover, and chill in a refrigerator until needed. Just before serving toss the salad in just enough dressing to make the leaves glisten, save the remainder of the dressing for another day., ingredients: [4 fluid ounces 110 milliliters12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 12 teaspoon English mustard powder or 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground pepper and sea salt recommended: Maldon sea salt, A selection of summer lettuces and salad leaves, such as:, Butterhead lettuce, Oak leaf lettuce, Little gem, Iceberg lettuce, Saladisi, Mysticana, Lollo rosso, Frisee, Radicchio, Red orah leaves, Rocket arugula, Edible chrysanthemum leaves, Wild sorrel leaves or buckler leaf sorrel, Golden marjoram, Salad burnet, Borage or hyssop flowers, Young nasturtium leaves and flowers, Marigold petals, Chive or wild garlic flowers, Herb leaves, such as lemon balm, mint, flat parsley, Green pea shoots or broad bean tips], title: Kinoith Summer Garden Salad with Ballymaloe Cookery School Dressing, picturelink: null}, 55108: {instructions: Special equipment: a cocktail shakernMuddle together the mint and sugar in a cocktail shaker. Add the blueberries and lightly muddle. Add the rum, lime juice and some ice to the shaker and shake vigorously. Fill two tall glasses with ice, then pour 3 ounces club soda into each. Divide the rum mixture evenly between the glasses and stir gently. Garnish with a lime wedge, a few blueberries and a sprig of mint, and serve., ingredients: [10 fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup fresh blueberries, plus extra for garnish, 4 ounces light rum, 3 limes, 2 juiced and 1 cut into wedges, 6 ounces club soda], title: Blueberry Mojito, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 55109: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl thoroughly combine softened butter, cayenne pepper, and paprika. In a large deepsided skillet over mediumhigh heat, melt the cayenne butter and add the mushrooms, scallions and lobster meat. Saute until mushroom are golden, about 5 minutes, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Carefully add the whiskey off the heat and cook until almost completely evaporated. Add the cream and reduce until thickened. Serve in large bowls over hot rice., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 12 cups sliced button mushrooms, 12 cup sliced scallions, 1 pound cooked lobster meat, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Irish whiskey recommended: Jameson, 4 cups heavy cream, 2 cups hot cooked rice], title: Dublin Lawyer Recipe, picturelink: 6K2BDppeFWnM2PFG1z1LqtGXTYCDJq.}, 55110: {instructions: In a chilled bowl, toss everything together. Check for seasoning. Mold tartar in small O rings2 12inches, or small ramekins. Garnish with syrup and chives.n2 VINEGAR SYRUP: In a non reactive pan, slowly reduce both vinegars by about 70 percent until a syrup consistency is achieved. Keep in mind it will thicken as it cools., ingredients: [6 ounces salmon fillet, center cut, finely diced, 12 tablespoon sambal, 1 cup diced Asian pear, tossed with lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and black pepper to taste, 34 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup Chinese vinegar], title: Spicy Salmon Tartar with Asian Pears and 2 Vinegar Syrup, picturelink: null}, 55111: {instructions: In a large bowl combine oats, coconut, chopped nuts, cocoa, and vanilla. In a saucepan combine butter, milk and sugar and bring to a boil for two minutes. Pour this hot liquid over mixture in large bowl and mix thoroughly. Drop by spoonful onto waxed paper. Let cool before wrapping., ingredients: [3 cups rolled oats, 23 cup coconut, 23 cup chopped walnuts, 4 tablespoons cocoa, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 4 ounces butter, 23 cup milk, 2 cups sugar], title: Chocolate Clusters, picturelink: null}, 55112: {instructions: HEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Line 12 muffin cups with foil bake cups. Stir crushed wafers and melted butter in medium bowl until evenly moistened. Spoon 2 tablespoons crumb mixture into each bake cup. Press onto bottoms and 12 inch up sides of bake cups. Chill 15 minutes.nBEAT cream cheese, sugar and flour in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla, beating just until blended. Remove 2 cups cheesecake filling from bowl set aside. Add 12 cup cappuccino hazelnut spread to remaining cheesecake filling, beating until smooth.nSPOON about 1 12 tablespoons cappuccino hazelnut filling into each crust. Top evenly with plain cheesecake filling. Bake cups will be very full. Bake 16 to 18 minutes or until filling is set. Cool in pan on wire rack 30 minutes. Cover and chill 1 hour or overnight.nREMOVE cheesecakes from pan remove foil bake cups. Sprinkle surface of cheesecakes with cocoa powder. Place remaining 14 cup cappuccino hazelnut spread in small heavyduty resealable plastic bag. Microwave on HIGH 10 to 15 seconds to soften slightly. Cut very small corner off bottom of bag. Drizzle hazelnut spread over cheesecakes., ingredients: [1 12 cups crushed chocolate wafers, 13 cup butter, melted, 2 8 oz. pkgs. cream cheese, softened, 13 cup sugar, 2 tbsps. Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 2 large eggs, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 34 cup Jifu00ae Mocha Cappuccino Flavored Hazelnut Spread, 1 tbsp. unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Mini Chocolate Cappuccino Hazelnut Cheesecakes, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 55113: {instructions: Soak cornmeal in water. Grate okra and cook in boiling water. When water is of a slimy consistency strain off okra and reserve. Place saucepan on medium heat, add cornmeal and stir continuously until hot. When cornmeal begins to tighten, add okra water still stirring until cornmeal is cooked. Stir in okra and season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces cornmeal, 4 ounces okra, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper], title: Bajan CouCou, picturelink: null}, 55114: {instructions: Whisk the eggs, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne and 4 teaspoons salt in a large glass bowl. Add the milk, parsley, sage and garlic.nSlice the onions into 18inchthick rings with a mandoline or knife. Separate the rings and add to the milk mixture. Add the chicken, turning to distribute the ingredients. Cover and refrigerate for 4 to 8 hours.nIn a shallow baking dish, mix the flour, the remaining 1 tablespoon paprika and 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Place a rack on a baking sheet. Lift each piece of chicken from the milk mixture, roll in the flour mixture and place on the rack. Once all the pieces are floured, redip in the milk mixture and press some of the onions and herbs onto the chicken. Then, pressing the onions onto the chicken to hold them in place, roll the chicken in the flour again, pressing firmly so the onions become part of the breading. You can redip a third time to add more onion, if you like. Set the onioncoated chicken pieces on the rack.nHeat about 34 inch of vegetable oil in a deepfryer or large deep skillet over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees. Add the chicken and fry, adjusting the heat as needed, until golden brown on one side, 8 to 10 minutes. Turn with tongs and cook until the chicken is golden all over and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 160 degrees, about 8 more minutes. Drain on a papertowellined plate. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons paprika, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 3 cups milk, 1 cup torn fresh parsley, 12 cup torn fresh sage, 1 head garlic, cut in half crosswise, cloves separated, 2 medium onions, 4 skinon, bonein chicken breasts about 8 ounces each, 3 cups allpurpose flour, Freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: OnionRinged Fried Chicken, picturelink: xCUhKzIwAH.tBu5oSs.aBxDLrmiqwMi}, 55115: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Working with 1 sheet of puff pastry at a time, unfold on a lightly floured surface and cut out four 4inch circles.nBeat the egg with 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Place 12 teaspoon cajeta in the center of each circle. Top each with some grated cheese and a few pieces of pineapple. Brush the edge of each circle with the egg wash and fold in half to form a halfmoon. Crimp the edges with fork.nTransfer the empanadas to the prepared baking sheet, brush with the remaining egg wash and sprinkle with the demerara sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes.nPhotograph by Carol Von Zumwalt, ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 sheets frozen puff pastry one 17ounce package, thawed, 1 large egg, 1 heaping tablespoon cajeta Mexican caramel sauce or dulce de leche, at room temperature, 14 cup finely grated Monterey jack cheese, 14 cup diced pineapple, 1 tablespoon demerara sugar], title: Cajeta Pineapple Empanadas, picturelink: 7b1iL7juzuDEC3EtcUElMDWgh8VO4i}, 55116: {instructions: Grind 1 cup hazelnuts in a food processor. Knead into half of a 16.5ounce package refrigerated sugar cookie dough. Roll out to 14 inch thick on a floured surface and cut into small rectangles. Transfer to a parchment paperlined baking sheet and sprinkle with brown sugar. Bake at 350 degrees F until golden, 15 minutes let cool. Serve with chocolatehazelnut spread for dipping.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Hazelnut Bars, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 55117: {instructions: Special equipment: A ricernPrepare lamb: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season the lamb shanks with salt and pepper and brown them in batches, transferring each to a plate when browned. Add onions and herb sprigs and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and soft, about 10 minutes. Return the shanks to the Dutch oven with the wine, broth, and water and bring to a boil. Cover, transfer to the oven, and braise until fork tender, about 2 hours. Transfer shanks to a plate. Discard herb sprigs. Pour cooking liquid including onions into a large glass measure.nPrepare potatoes and boil carrots while lamb roasts: Pierce each potato once with a fork and bake on rack in lower third of oven until cooked through, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool potatoes 10 minutes, then halve lengthwise and scoop out flesh. Force warm potatoes through ricer into a bowl. Stir in milk, and salt, pepper, to taste.nCook carrots in boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Rinse under cold running water to stop cooking.nMake gravy: Skim fat from cooking liquid youll have about 2 12 cups broth. Put the cooking liquid in a saucepan and bring to boil. Knead the flour and softened butter into a paste and whisk it into the liquid. Return the gravy to a boil to thicken and simmer, whisking occasionally, for 5 minutes.nCut lamb meat from bones, then tear meat into bitesize pieces. Stir meat into gravy and set aside.nAssemble and bake pie: Spoon lambshank mixture into a 12 by 3inch oval gratin dish or a 2 12 to 3quart shallow baking dish, spreading evenly. Scatter carrots over lamb, then top with creamed spinach, spreading evenly. Top spinach with mashed potatoes, spreading evenly to edges of dish to cover filling completely. Make swirl patterns on surface of potatoes with back of spoon, then drizzle with the melted butter.nPut baking dish in a foillined shallow 1inchdeep baking pan to catch drips and bake until top is golden and filling is bubbling, about 1 hour.nCook spinach according to package directions. Whisk in Parmesan, salt, nutmeg, and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 12 pounds large lamb shanks 4 large, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 small onions, sliced, 12 cup fresh thyme sprigs, 12 cup fresh rosemary sprigs, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 14 cups beef broth, 1 14 cups water, 3 pounds russet baking potatoes about 6, 34 cup whole milk, Salt and pepper, 5 medium carrots, cut into 14inchthick slices, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons unsalted, softened butter plus 2 tablespoons melted, Creamed spinach, recipe follows, 1 package frozen creamed spinach, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper], title: BraisedLamb Shank Shepherds Pie with Creamed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 55118: {instructions: In a heated saute pan add the olive oil, yams, squash, peppers and onions. Saute until vegetables begin to soften and brown. Add the garlic, sage, salt and pepper. Continue to saute for1 more minute. Do not burn the garlic. Add the vegetable stock and place in a preheated 350 degree oven until all vegetables are completely cooked but still maintain most of their shape and texture. The finished hash should have some moisture to it a little stock may be added., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups yams, peeled and diced, 2 cups butternut squash, peeled and diced, 12 cup red pepper, diced, 12 cup green pepper, diced, 12 cup onion, diced, 12 teaspoon garlic, minced, 14 cup fresh sage, chiffinade, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 4 ounces vegetable stock], title: Sweet Potato Hash, picturelink: null}, 55119: {instructions: WHISK together preserves, vinegar, mustard, pepper and water in medium bowl until thoroughly blended. Gradually whisk in oil. Season to taste with salt and additional black pepper, if desired., ingredients: [12 cup Smuckersu00ae Strawberry Sugar Free Preserves, 2 tbsps. balsamic vinegar, 1 12 tsps. Dijon mustard, 14 tsp. ground black pepper, 14 cup water, 14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil or 14 cup Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA, Salt and black pepper, to taste optional], title: Strawberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 55120: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the water and milk to a boil. Stir in the steelcut oats and salt and cook a few minutes to thicken. Reduce the heat and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, in a small saucepan bring the apple juice to a boil, add the raisins, and cook a few minutes to help them plump. In a mixing bowl, with a whip attachment combine the heavy cream, brown sugar, and cinnamon and whip until stiff. Keep chilled.nRemove the cooked oatmeal from the heat and serve piping hot in bowls. Sprinkle the plumped raisins on top of the oatmeal and spoon a dollop of the brown sugar cinnamon whipped cream in the center and serve.nNotes about the recipe: To cut some of the cooking time, soak the oats in water overnight by bringing the water to a boil, turn off the heat, and add the oats. Cover the pot and let sit over night. The next morning cook on low heat 9 to 12 minutes stirring occasionally., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 cups milk, 1 cup Irish steelcut oats, 1 pinch salt, 12 cup apple juice, 12 cup golden raisins or dried cherries, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 18 teaspoon cinnamon], title: The Best Bowl of Oatmeal Ever, picturelink: null}, 55121: {instructions: Make the dressing: Mince and mash the garlic with the salt until the mixture forms a paste. In a small bowl stir together the lime juice, the soy sauce, the sugar, the garlic paste, the chilies, and the mint until the sugar is dissolved and let the dressing stand at room temperature for 30 minutes to develop the flavors.nSprinkle both sides of the steak generously with the pepper, rubbing the pepper into the meat, and brush them with some of the oil. Grill the steak, seasoned with salt, on a welloiled rack set 4 to 5 inches over glowing coals, turning it once, for 16 to 18 minutes, or until it is springy to the touch for mediumrare meat. Alternatively, the steak may be cooked in the same manner in a wellseasoned ridged grill pan, brushed with the oil and heated over moderately high heat until the begins to smoke. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let it stand for 15 minutes.nWhile the steak is grilling, in a skillet heat 12inch of the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it fry the shallot, stirring, for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until it is golden. Transfer the shallot with a slotted spoon to paper towels and let it drain. The shallot may be cooked 1 day in advance and kept covered and chilled.nCut the steak across the grain into 14inchthick slices and divide the slices among 4 plates, overlapping them in the center. Surround the steak with the green beans, top the green beans with the bean sprouts, and sprinkle the bean sprouts with the shallot. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the dressing over each serving of steak and serve the remaining dressing separately., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 4inch fresh hot chilies preferably red or jalapeno peppers, or to taste, seeded and sliced thin crosswise wear rubber gloves, 13 cup thinly sliced fresh mint leaves, or to taste, 1 pound boneless sirloin steak about 1 12 inches thick, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, Vegetable oil for brushing the steak and for frying the shallot, 34 cup thin lengthwise slices of shallot, 34 pound green beans, trimmed, cut diagonally into 34inch pieces, and cooked until crisp tender, 1 14 cups fresh bean sprouts, rinsed and the ends trimmed], title: ThaiStyle Steak and Green Bean Salad with Spicy Mint Dressing, picturelink: null}, 55122: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpoon 12 cup ice cream into 4 tall glasses. Pour root beer over top and serve, ingredients: [2 cups ice cream any flavor, 4 cups root beer], title: Root Beer Floats, picturelink: WooDYQjhhQQ1lYAuMWO6hzv1MCtAhNu}, 55123: {instructions: Lightly butter a cookie sheet. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nBeat together the butter, sugar, egg, orange zest and almond extract. With your fingers press the oatmeal into the butter until the dough just holds together. Form the dough into tiny balls and with the tines of a fork press them down. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [10 tablespoons softened sweet butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon almond or vanilla extract, 3 cups rolled oatmeal not instant], title: Unbelievable Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55124: {instructions: Puree banana with yogurt and season with some superfine sugar and a dash of rum. Spoon into the bottom of wine glasses and spoon grapes over the top garnish with mint or pistachios., ingredients: [1 ripe small banana, peeled and sliced, 12 cup plain whole milk yogurt, Superfine sugar to taste, Dash of rum, 1 12 cups red seedless grapes, rinsed and halved, Mint leaves, or chopped pistachio nuts for garnish], title: Grapes with Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55125: {instructions: In a blender combine Achiote paste, garlic, cumin, cinnamon, orange juice, lime juice, vinegar, salt and pepper. Puree until smooth. Pour into a nonreactive baking pan, add the chicken and turn to coat. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a heated, dry, cast iron skillet char onion slices until blackened on both sides. Remove and char tomato slices until blackened on both sides. Reserve. Cut six 16 x 14inch sheets of heavyduty aluminum foil. Take banana leaves, and cut into 10inch squares. Toast squares over a burner to soften, about 2 seconds on each side . Place banana leaves on top of each piece of foil. Remove chicken from marinade, reserving marinade, and place a piece on each foil piece or banana leaf. Top each with two tomato slices and one onion slice. Wrap and seal banana leaf and the foil to enclose. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 45 minutes. Meanwhile, in saucepan melt butter. Saute the diced onions until golden brown. Stir in the reserved marinade and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes. Add chicken stock and cook for 10 minutes longer. Reserve. When the chicken in ready, remove from oven and open the packets. Transfer the chicken, with the banana leaves if using, to serving plates. Pour any excess juice from the pan into the sauce. Pour sauce over chicken and serve., ingredients: [14 cup Achiote paste , 10 garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons cracked black pepper, 6 chicken legs with thigh, ankle joint removed, scored to the bone and skin removed, 2 onions, cut into 3 slices each, plus 2 onions diced, 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, cut in 4 slices, 6 banana leaves optional, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups chicken stock], title: Chicken Pibil, picturelink: null}, 55126: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 12cup muffin tin with nonstick cooking spray.nRoll out the pizza dough into a flat rectangle 12 by 14 inches and cut the dough in half, making two 7by12inch rectangles. Layer half the provolone on one of the rectangles in a single layer, leaving 1 inch around the edge. Then layer half the roast beef, followed by half the Caramelized Onions and some banana peppers. Repeat with the remaining dough and toppings.nTightly roll up each portion of dough into a long log. Cut each log into 6 pieces and place each piece into a cup of the prepared muffin tin. Bake until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Let cool, then pop out using a butter knife. ServenSet a skillet over mediumlow heat and add the oil. Add the sliced onions and stir to combine with the oil. Season the onions with salt and pepper and cook, undisturbed, until the bottoms of the onions begin to caramelize, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir only once and then continue to cook, undisturbed, until the onions are golden and soft, another 5 minutes. Add water if necessary to help deglaze the pan throughout the cooking process., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the muffin tin, 1 pound pizza dough in a can, 8 slices sharp provolone cheese, 1 pound thinly sliced rare roast beef, such as Boars Head, Caramelized Onions, recipe follows, Sliced pickled banana peppers, for topping, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 yellow onion, sliced thin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick and Easy Muffin Tin Cheesesteaks, picturelink: Ip8xOH7TRsTLsV975Xx3GD5PhlTW8ca}, 55127: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the shrimp shells and seafood stock in a saucepan and simmer for 15 minutes. Strain and reserve the stock. Add enough water to make 3 34 cups.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven. Add the leeks and cook them for 10 minutes over mediumlow heat, or until the leeks are tender but not browned. Add the garlic and cook 1 more minute. Add the cayenne pepper and shrimp and cook over medium to low heat for 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the Cognac and cook for 1 minute, then the sherry and cook for 3 minutes longer. Transfer the shrimp and leeks to a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until coarsely pureed.nIn the same pot, melt the butter. Add the flour and cook over mediumlow heat for 1 minute, stirring with a wooden spoon. Add the halfandhalf and cook, stirring with a whisk, until thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the pureed shrimp, the stock, tomato paste, salt, and pepper and heat gently until hot but not boiling. Season, to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, shells reserved, 4 cups seafood stock, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 cups chopped leeks, white and light green parts 3 leeks, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 3 cloves, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup Cognac or brandy, 14 cup dry sherry, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups halfandhalf, 13 cup tomato paste, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp Bisque, picturelink: jRn8hAKzAVpumuX2WDed8z3532Bl8o.}, 55128: {instructions: Canape 1: Cut the white bread into skinny rectangles. Spread over lemon mayonnaise. Top with 2 blanched asparagus tips.nCanape 2: Lay a slice of radish on top of a round of cucumber which youve seasoned with salt and pepper. Pipe on a rosette of horseradish mascarpone. Top with a dill sprig.nCanape 3: Hollow out cherry tomatoes. Spoon a little tapenade into the bottom. Top with chevre. Decorate with a bit of shredded basil., ingredients: [White bread, cut into skinny rectangles, Lemon mayonnaise, Asparagus tips, blanched, Radish, sliced, Cucumber, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Horseradish mascarpone, Sprig fresh dill, Cherry tomatoes, Tapenade, Chevre goat cheese, Fresh basil leaves leaves, shredded], title: Kitschy Canapes X 3, picturelink: null}, 55129: {instructions: For the chicken:nIn a large saucepan, add the wine, water, lemongrass, garlic, peppercorns, salt, onion and ginger. Bring to a boil. Add chicken. Turn down heat to simmer. Cover pan and poach chicken for 25 minutes. Discard liquid and place chicken on a plate to cool. When cooled, shred chicken into large bowl and mix with Red Pepper Mayonnaise. Refrigerate until chilled. Put orange juice into saucepan and boil over mediumhigh heat until reduced to a syrup. Toast deli rolls and place lettuce leaves on each. Divide chicken mixture evenly on rolls and sprinkle fennel shreds on each. Drizzle orange syrup over top. Garnish with orange slices and fennel fronds.nPulse all ingredients in a food processor to blend., ingredients: [12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups water, 1 stalk fresh lemongrass, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped onion, 14 cup ginger, chopped, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken, Red Pepper Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 2 cups orange juice, 6 centercut deli rolls, 1 head Boston Bibb lettuce, 6 orange slices, 1 small fennel bulb, shredded, Fennel fronds, for garnish, 23 cup roasted red peppers, 1 garlic clove, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 14 teaspoon hot sauce], title: Chicken Rolls with Red Pepper Mayo and Orange Drizzle, picturelink: null}, 55130: {instructions: In a large pot over high heat, add the turkey parts and cover with 4 quarts water. Add the thyme, bay leaves, and a big pinch of salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer, skimming any scum that rises to the surface. Cook until the turkey is cooked through and the liquid has reduced a bit, about 45 minutes. Remove the turkey from the pot. When it is cool enough to handle, shred the meat and discard the skin and bones. Strain the broth.nWipe out the pot, put it over mediumhigh heat, and add the oil. When it is hot, add the onions, celery, carrot, and parsnip, season with salt and pepper, and cook until softened, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the turkey broth and bring to a simmer. Add the meat to the pot and let it simmer to warm through, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the parsley just before serving., ingredients: [Reserved turkey, legs, wings and thighs from Roasted Turkey Breast with Spicy Herb Oil, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 parsnip, cut in half and sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Turkey Soup, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 55131: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan, indoor or outdoor grill to medium highhigh heat. Place the vegetables in a large plastic food storage bag. Mix dressing ingredients in a small bowl, stream in the extravirgin olive oil and beat dressing with a fork. Pour dressing into the food storage bag and seal bag. Coat the vegetables evenly with dressing then grill vegetables a couple of minutes on each side until marked and tender. Arrange on a small platter., ingredients: [6 baby zucchini, halved lengthwise, 12 pound, 2 to 3 baby eggplants, thinly sliced lengthwise, 12 pound, 12 baby portobello mushrooms, criminis, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 rounded teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning, 23 palm full recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning blend by McCormick, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 large clove garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Baby Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 55132: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBatter: Combine all of the ingredients in a medium mixing bowl.nBreading: Pulse the crackers and potato chips in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer the mixture to a shallow bowl.nFilling: Cut the canned meat into chunks and put it into a food processor with the pickle slices. Pulse until the mixture becomes chunky. Do not overmix.nRoll pieces of the cream cheese into 1 12ounce balls with floured hands to avoid sticking. Fatten each ball with the palm of your hand. Portion out the meat mixture to match the amount of cheese balls. Put a portion of the meat into the middle of a cheese ball and fold the cheese over the meat to enclose. Once you have a ball formed, dip it in the batter and then roll it in the cracker mixture. Repeat with the remaining cheese balls and meat.nHeat about 1inch of vegetable oil in a frying pan over medium heat. Gently fry the bites, in batches, until golden brown. Remove them from the oil to a serving platter and enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 5 large eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground black pepper, 20 saltine crackers, 4 cups kettle cooked potato chips, 1 can chopped pork and ham product recommended: Spam, Handful sliced pickles, 2 pounds cream cheese, Allpurpose flour for hands, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Canned Ham Bites, picturelink: kxL7SP2yEn05XPns.KNbBNGZCUItfoS}, 55133: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray two 9inch cake pans with nostick cooking spray.n2. Add walnuts to a food processor or coffee grinder. Pulse until finely ground. Set aside in dish.n3. For cake, in medium bowl combine flour and ground walnuts set aside. In large mixing bowl cream butter, brown sugar, eggs and almond extract using electric mixer. Gradually add flour mixture to butter mixture mix well.n4. Divide batter evenly between prepared pans. Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean when removed. Remove to cooling rack cool 10 minutes. Gently turn layers out onto rack cool completely.n5. Place one cake layer upside down on serving platter. Spread black raspberry jam over top. Place the other layer on top.n6. Using mixer, combine heavy whipping cream, powdered sugar and vanilla extract. Beat until stiff peaks form. Frost torte with whipped cream sprinkle chopped walnuts over top and sides., ingredients: [Cake:, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup black raspberry jam, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 23 cups Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Walnuts, finely ground, 1 pound 4 sticks butter, softened, 2 cups brown sugar, firmly packed, Frosting:, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 3 cups Fisheru00ae Chefs Naturals Walnuts, chopped], title: Black Raspberry Walnut Torte, picturelink: null}, 55134: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine all the ingredients except the ice. Fill glasses with ice, and add sangria. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bottle dry red or white wine, such as Spanish Rioja or Bordeaux, 14 cup orange flavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier or Cointreau, 14 cup cognac or brandy, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 ripe peach, pitted, sliced, 1 red apricot, pitted, sliced, 5 strawberries, sliced into thirds, 1 seedless orange, sliced in rounds, Ice cubes, for serving], title: Sangria, picturelink: null}, 55135: {instructions: Brown the ground beef and add the salt, pepper, garlic powder, cumin and bay leaf. Continue cooking meat in its own juices. If meat dries up add a little water. Next, begin adding the chile powder. Add water and let simmer for a short while. If you desire to add beans to your chile you should add cooked pinto beans now.nServe in bowls and garnish with cheese and onions and hot flour tortillas or crackers. This chile may also be served over enchiladas or tamales or added into Chile con Queso., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup water, 18 cup chile powder], title: Chile con Carne, picturelink: null}, 55136: {instructions: Heat a grill pan on the stovetop over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle the fish on both sides with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the fish onto the hot grill pan and cook until opaque in the center, about 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate. Top each piece of fish with 12 cup JalapenoMango Salsa and serve with lime wedges. Accompany with white rice if desired.nHeat the vegetable oil in a small saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Lightly fry the jalapeno chiles, turning them in the pan until their skins are blistered, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool. Once cooled, stem, seed and finely chop the jalapeno chiles and place them into a large mixing bowl. Add the cilantro, mangoes, lime juice and onions and season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately or store the salsa in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up to 3 days. Yield: 2 cups., ingredients: [Two 6ounce pieces sea bass white, black or striped, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup JalapenoMango Salsa, recipe follows, 1 lime, wedged, Cooked white rice, optional, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 whole jalapeno chiles, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 mangoes, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 lime, juiced, 14 large red onion, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Sea Bass with JalapenoMango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 55137: {instructions: This is one of the most popular dishes on my menu. I have a restaurant in Mumbai, so I visit India often, and here you can see how Ive been influenced by one of my favorite Indian dishes: Tandoori chicken. The bird is first marinated in spiced yogurt before being roasted in a very hot oven. For garnish, I make a zesty sauce from the marinade and serve the pieces of chicken with whole grilled fresh chiles. The secret ingredient here is the hot sauce. I always use Franks, a Louisianabased sauce with a distinct red pepper flavor, which is neither as hot nor as sharp as other brands. As a result, the marinated chicken is certainly spicy, but not incendiary. If you want more heat, I encourage you to eat the chiles. The noodle topping is dramatic, and youll always see it at the restaurant, but at home you can consider it optional.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nTrim any excess fat from the chicken. Rinse and pat dry. Place the chicken quarters in a large bowl. Measure out 1 cup of the Spicy Yogurt Marinade and reserve for the sauce refrigerate in a small covered container.nPour the rest of the marinade over the chicken. Turn the pieces to make sure they are all wellcoated. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 and up to 24 hours.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and arrange the pieces on 1 or 2 halfsheet pans or large baking sheets. Discard the chicken marinade.nRoast for 40 minutes, until the chicken is tender and lightly browned and the juices run clear when the thighs are pricked with the tip of a small knife. Transfer the pieces to a platter and tent with foil to keep warm.nWhile the chicken is roasting, make the sauce. Boil the chicken stock in a medium saucepan over high heat until it is reduced to 1 cup. Whisk in the reserved 1 cup Spicy Yogurt Marinade and cook just until heated through. Do not boil, or the yogurt will separate. Keep the sauce warm.nAs soon as the chickens are done, preheat the broiler. Toss the chiles with the oil to coat lightly and spread them out on a broiler rack or small baking sheet. Broil the chiles about 4 inches from the heat, turning them a couple of times, until they are blistered and lightly browned, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, layer the chicken and chiles on a large platter. Pour the sauce around the chicken. Top with the Fried Rice Noodles. Serve with lime wedges to squeeze over the chicken.nTo make the marinade, grind the peppercorns, cumin, coriander seeds, and cardamom in a spice grinder or use a mortar and pestle. Transfer to a medium bowl. Add the chili powder, garam masala, and salt. Add the hot sauce, yogurt, cream, and soy sauce and whisk until smooth and well blended.nYield: about 3 12 cupsnAdd vegetable oil to reach about 2 inches up the sides of a large saucepan or a wok. Heat the oil over high heat to 340 degrees F. Separate 1 bundle of thin rice noodles into 2 portions. Working with 1 portion at a time, add the noodles to the oil. They will puff up almost immediately. Using a large wire skimmer, transfer to paper towels to drain.nYield: 1 bunch fried noodles, ingredients: [2 3 12 to 4 pound chickens quartered, Spicy Yogurt Marinade, recipe follows, 2 cups chicken stock, 24 assorted long fresh hot green and red chile peppers, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, or other vegetable oil, 1 bunch Fried Rice Noodles, recipe follows, Lime wedges, for serving, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 14 teaspoon coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon cardamom seeds, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon garam masala, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups hot sauce recommended: Franks, 1 13 cups plain yogurt, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup soy sauce, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 bundle thin rice noodles mai fun], title: Angry Chicken, picturelink: null}, 55138: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season turkey legs with black pepper, Heat grapeseed oil in a large deep pot over mediumhigh heat. Add turkey legs and brown in batches on all sides. Transfer to a roasting pan, cover with foil, place in oven and roast until fork tender, about 35 minutes.nAdd garlic to pot and lightly saute over medium heat being careful not to burn the garlic. Stir in the crushed red pepper and shredded cabbage and allow to cook about 10 minutes. Add collard greens and cook for 10 minutes more. Add spinach, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and cook until tender but still bright green. Transfer greens to a platter and top with turkey legs., ingredients: [24 smoked turkey legs, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 head cabbage, shredded in a food processor, 1 pound collard greens, cleaned, 1 pound fresh spinach, soaked in salt water to remove grit and dried in a salad spinner, Salt], title: Smoked Turkey and Greens, picturelink: null}, 55139: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the bread crumbs, flour, and eggs each in separate shallow, lipped plates.nPour the oil in a medium skillet to a depth of 12inch, and heat over mediumhigh heat. Dredge the eggplant in the flour, shake off any excess, and then dip in the eggs. Add the eggplant to the skillet and fry, turning once, until golden brown, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain and season with salt and pepper.nSeason the veal with salt and pepper, and dredge in the bread crumbs. Lay 12 of the prosciutto over each veal cutlet, place 1 rectangle of the mozzarella along the center of each, and roll tightly. Tuck in the ends of the rolls and press to seal. Dip each roll in the eggs, add to the skillet and cook, turning occasionally, until well browned, about 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, spread about 2 tablespoons of tomato sauce on 1 side of each eggplant slice, and sprinkle with some of the Parmesan. Wrap each veal roll in an eggplant slicenSpread about 2 tablespoons of the tomato sauce in the bottom of a small, shallow baking dish or skillet and arrange the veal rolls on top. Spoon the remaining 2 tablespoons of sauce on top of the rolls and cover with the mozzarella slices. Sprinkle with a little Parmesan and bake in the oven until hot and browned, about 15 to 20 minutes.nUsing a spatula, transfer the veal rolls to a plate and serve., ingredients: [1 cup dried bread crumbs, Allpurpose flour, as needed, 3 large eggs, beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 14inch thick lengthwise slices peeled eggplant, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 very thin veal cutlets about 3 ounces, pounded very thin between 2 sheets of plastic wrap, 1 ounce thinly sliced prosciutto, 2 12 by 2inch long rectangles fresh mozzarella, plus 2 thin slices, 2 cups tomato sauce, homemade or store bought, Grated Parmesan, as needed], title: The Nightgown, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 55140: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and line a baking sheet with parchment.nPlace the cannoli shells in a blender or food processor and pulse until crumbly. In a bowl, mix the melted butter and granulated sugar with the crumbs and press in the bottom of the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 10 minutes. Let cool.nFor the filling: Combine the cream cheese and granulated sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and cream together. Then add the ricotta and mix until well incorporated. Add the flour and vanilla seeds and mix. Add the eggs, one at a time, until incorporated. Add the chocolate pieces and zest and mix until just combined. Pour the batter over the baked crust and bake for 30 minutes.nFor the glaze: Combine the granulated sugar and orange juice in a saucepan and simmer over mediumlow heat until slightly thickened, 10 to 20 minutes.nWhip the heavy cream to soft peaks and whisk in the confectioners sugar. Gently fold in the mascarpone and ricotta.nSlice the cheesecake into pieces of desired size. Serve each piece with a drizzle of glaze, a dollop of cream on top and garnish with orange zest.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 4 cups crushed cannoli shells, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 3 cups ricotta, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 vanilla bean, scraped, 4 eggs, 1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, chopped, 3 12 tablespoons orange zest, 1 cup granulated sugar, Juice of 3 oranges, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup mascarpone, 1 cup ricotta, 4 tablespoons orange zest], title: Ricotta Cannoli Cheesecake, picturelink: x5kTue7LCcNHucrkje9HoVzSaeagCmC}, 55141: {instructions: Make the Sauce: In a small saucepan, combine the broth, rice wine or sherry, sugar, cornstarch, and salt. Bring to boil, while whisking, until thick. Pour the sauce into a small plastic souffle cup, let cool, and pop the lid on. Refrigerate until ready to go.nPrepare the Veggies: In a flat, rectangular plastic microwavesafe plastic container, arrange the mushrooms, carrot, daikon, cabbage, and broccoli in neat, separate rows. Sprinkle the scallion, garlic, and ginger over the top. Seal the lid over the top and refrigerate until ready to go.nAt work, school or home, microwave the veggies for 3 minutes on high. Remove and let steam in the container, while you microwave the sauce for 1 minute on high.nPour the sauce over the veggies, stir with chopsticks, and enjoy., ingredients: [13 cup chicken broth, 4 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or mediumdry sherry, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 cup thinly sliced shiitake mushroom caps, 12 cup julienned carrot, 12 cup julienned daikon, 12 cup julienned Napa cabbage, 12 cup small broccoli florets, 1 scallion, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 12 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced peeled fresh gingerroot, Serving Suggestion: Steamed brown rice.], title: Envy of the Workplace Gingered Vegetable StirFry, picturelink: null}, 55142: {instructions: Wash the potatoes and grate them by hand using the coarse side of a grater. Put the grated potato into a clean dish towel and wring well to remove the excess water. Place grated potato in a large bowl. Add the shallots, garlic, eggs, flour, tarragon, chives, mustard, salt and pepper and mix until well combined.nPour 14 cup of the oil into an 8inch skillet and place over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes. Carefully place a heaping tablespoon of the latke mix into the hot oil and flatten a little. Add 3 more to the pan and fry until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and repeat on the other side. Remove to a paper towel lined plate and repeat until all the latke mix has been used youll have to replenish the cooking oil about halfway through. Keep warm in a low oven until ready to serve. Sprinkle latkes with chives and serve with Cranberry Jam on the side.nPlace all ingredients in a medium saucepan. Place over high heat, bring to a boil and stir until the sugar dissolves. Reduce the heat and simmer until the cranberries burst, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool. Chill thoroughly before serving., ingredients: [2 large russet potatoes, 2 shallots, minced 4 tablespoons, 2 garlic cloves, minced 1 tablespoon, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 2 teaspoons fresh chives, snipped, 1 teaspoon dried mustard, 2 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup vegetable oil, Fresh chives, for garnish, Cranberry Jam, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup cranberry juice, 1 12ounce package frozen cranberries, 1 12 teaspoons ground cardamom, 1 star anise, Pinch salt, Pinch white pepper], title: Potato Latkes with Cranberry Jam, picturelink: jWgHnhcjs7RqrJ7gz1nQKY2ZXA.Cyqu}, 55143: {instructions: For the mushroom and cheese brioche: Cut the brioche into 1inch cubes.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cubed brioche, truffle peelings, and chopped thyme to the bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and put in the refrigerator for 4 hours or overnight.nIn a skillet over mediumhigh heat, saute the morels, button, and oyster mushrooms with the shallots for 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add 12 the Gruyere cheese to the brioche mixture, then add the mushroom shallot mixture to brioche and cheese mixture.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pour the bread pudding mixture in an ovenproof baking dish. Add the remaining cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Bake for 45 minutes or until puffed and golden brown.nFor the poached eggs: Fill a saucepan with 3inches cold water, add a pinch of salt and bring to a boil.nAs the water reaches the boiling point, reduce the heat and allow the water to simmer.nAdd 1 tablespoon vinegar to the water. Swirl the water around.nBreak the eggs into a small plate or bowl and gently slide it into the water with care, holding the plate as near to the water as possible before allowing the egg to slowly slip into the water.nOnce the eggs are in the water, you can help shape it using a spoon or spatula. Let the eggs cook for 3 to 3 12 minutes, allowing for the size of the egg and the preferred doneness of the egg yolks.nRemove each egg with a slotted spoon and drain for a few seconds on kitchen paper. Trim any stringy or dangling bits with a knife or scissors, if you wish.nServe the poached egg on top of the truffle bread and garnish with a little bit of the microgreens dressed with olive oil and salt and pepper.nFor your first attempt at preparing poached eggs, you may want to carefully break each egg onto a small cup, ramekin, plate or bowl before adding it to the water.nA perfectly poached egg has a lovely rounded shape, a soft yet firm white and a deliciously runny yolk. Time is of the essence when it comes to poaching eggs.nProblems will most definitely arise if the eggs are cooked at a temperature that is too high, if the eggs are not very fresh or if there is not enough water in the saucepan.nUse a saucepan or a deep frying pan, which allows you to fill it with about 3inches of water. The eggs should be covered with water during cooking and the 3inch depth of water ensures that the eggs will not stick to the pan.nPoached eggs must be cooked in water that is very gently bubbling or simmering. The water is first brought to the boil and then by turning the heat down on the cooker, is allowed to gently simmer. The eggs are carefully added to the pan at this point. If the water is boiling too fiercely, the eggs will be forced to move around too much, causing them to break up and lose their shape. A gentle simmer allows the egg to sit in one place throughout cooking and cook nicely.nBy using the freshest eggs possible, eggs that are less than 4 days old, you are more likely to achieve a perfectly poached egg that keeps its shape. With a fresh egg, the white will stay close to the yolk and should not spread out thinly.nVinegar should be added to the water as it begins to boil, as this will help the egg white to coagulate more quickly and form a neat and compact shape. Without the vinegar, disaster may occur. Use about 1 tablespoon vinegar for each pint of water. Bear in mind that the vinegar may slightly flavor the eggs, so do not use too much or a vinegar that is too strong, if you are not so keen on a vinegary tasting eggs., ingredients: [1 pound loaf brioche, 4 cups milk, 6 eggs, 1 truffle, sliced, optional, 2 cups sliced morel mushrooms, 2 cups chopped button mushrooms, 2 cups sliced oyster mushrooms, 1 shallot, minced, 4 cups grated Gruyere cheese, Salt and freshly grated black pepper, 6 eggs, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 cup microgreens, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom and Cheese Brioche, picturelink: null}, 55144: {instructions: In the bottom of a medium, shallow bowl combine relish, vinegar, oil, garlic, bay and cloves. Let stand 5 minutes then fish out the garlic, bay and cloves. Add cabbage salad and toss, let stand 10 to 20 minutes in the refrigerator. Season salad with salt and pepper and toss in the scallions then serve., ingredients: [1 cup sweet pickle relish, 14 cup cider vinegar, eyeball it, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, eyeball it, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 2 bay leaves, dried, 3 whole cloves, 1 pound shredded cabbage salad slaw salad mix with carrots and red cabbage, available in produce department marked Cole Slaw Mix in 1 pound packages, Salt and pepper, 4 scallions, sliced], title: Sweet Relish Slaw Salad, picturelink: null}, 55145: {instructions: Place a baking sheet in the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a 9inch pie plate with 1 piece of dough refrigerate until ready to assemble.nMake the cinnamonroll crust: Lay the remaining piece of dough on a lightly floured surface and spread the butter evenly on top. Combine 14 cup granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon in a small bowl sprinkle evenly over the butter, then gently press with your fingers to help the mixture adhere. Roll the pie dough into a tight log. Trim and discard about 1 12 inches from both ends cut the remaining log crosswise into 12inchthick pieces. Arrange the pieces cutside down in a snug circle on floured parchment paper. Lightly dust with more flour, then gently roll out into a 10inch round. Slide the parchment onto a baking sheet and refrigerate until ready to assemble the pie.nPeel and thinly slice the apples. Toss with the lemon juice, vanilla and the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar and 18 teaspoon cinnamon in a large bowl. Transfer to the doughlined pie plate invert the cinnamonroll crust on top and peel off the parchment its OK if the individual rounds separate a bit in the process. Pinch the crusts together fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp as desired. Brush with the beaten egg.nSet the pie on the hot baking sheet in the oven bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 50 minutes. Tent loosely with foil if the top browns too quickly. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly.nWhisk the confectioners sugar and 2 tablespoons milk in a bowl until smooth. Add more milk if the glaze is too thick. Drizzle over the pie.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 14.5ounce box refrigerated pie dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 18 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 5 assorted apples, such as McIntosh, Granny Smith and Pink Lady about 2 pounds, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, plus more if needed], title: Cinnamon Bun Apple Pie, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 55146: {instructions: Special equipment: a 3inch round cutternFor the pastry: In the bowl of a food processor, combine the flour, granulated sugar and salt and pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal with some bigger pieces of butter. Add the ice water and pulse just until the crumbs begin to come together. Add a little more water if necessary but try not to add too much. Turn the mixture out onto a big sheet of plastic wrap, form it into a disc, wrap it and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to an even 18 to 14inch thickness. Using a 3inch cookie cutter, cut out 16 to 20 circles. Transfer to a rimmed baking sheet and chill while you make the filling.nFor the filling: In a small saucepan, combine the peaches, granulated sugar and cornstarch. Bring to a boil over medium heat, mashing the peaches with a fork, and cook until the mixture has thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in the bourbon to taste. Let cool completely, about 30 minutes.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the egg and salt. On a rimmed baking sheet lined with parchment, lay out half of the dough discs. Dollop 1 to 2 tablespoons of the filling in the center of each disc. Brush around the edges of the pastry with some of the egg mixture. Top with another dough disc, pressing the edges with a fork to seal. Brush the tops with the egg mixture and sprinkle with coarse sugar. With a paring knife, make a little slit in each pie to vent steam.nBake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the pies to a rack to cool or serve warm., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring the work surface, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 4 tablespoons ice water, plus a bit more if needed, 2 cups diced peaches, fresh or frozen, 5 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 to 3 tablespoons bourbon, 1 large egg, Pinch kosher salt, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling], title: BourbonPeach Hand Pies, picturelink: QUj7O7kLlVLf7pzImszrhUFX.1zzga}, 55147: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dressing: Combine the mayonnaise, chili sauce, sour cream, horseradish, lemon juice, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, smoked paprika, dill pickles and shallots in a food processor until thoroughly mixed. Do not over blend, you still want to see some texture. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside or refrigerate in a covered jar until serving time.nFor the sandwich build: Combine half of the dressing with the sauerkraut and toss. Place 1 slice of cheese on a piece of bread. Pile the meat high on the cheese, top with an additional slice of cheese, some of the sauerkraut mixture and the second piece of bread. Butter the outsides of the sandwich. Heat a heavybottomed nonstick skillet or griddle pan over mediumlow heat. Add the sandwiches, cover with a heatproof bowl and griddle until golden and gooey in the middle, 3 to 4 minutes. Flip, cover and let cook until golden all around, another 3 minutes. Serve the extra dressing on the side.nCooks Note: I love getting a whole piece of pastrami, uncut, from Fumares in Chicago. If you have a favorite deli, try getting a whole piece and cutting it yourself the meat will stay nice and tender and you can mix the bark from the end cut with the meatier middle. Youll fall in love with pastrami all over again., ingredients: [1 12 cups mayonnaise, 23 cup chili sauce, 12 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 dill pickle, chopped, 1 shallot, chopped, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 13 cups sauerkraut, squeezed of excess moisture, 8 slices marble rye bread, 8 slices Swiss, 1 pound pastrami, shaved or cut how you like it, Salted butter, softened], title: Pastrami Rueben aka The Rachel, picturelink: 6fu5iCjfyT2VzxGNcCFzh8PqJuZoN96}, 55148: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLet the ice cream soften a bit. Work in half the butterscotch chips. When they are incorporated, swirl in some of the ice cream sauce and return the ice cream to the freezer to harden for at least 1 hour.nWhen you are ready to assemble: Take an individual trifle dish and put a cookie into the bottom, breaking it up into pieces to make it fit. Top with some sauce, then a scoop if ice cream, then some chips. Repeat until your dish is full, ending with the ice cream. Pour more sauce over the top, add some more chips, then the crushed candies., ingredients: [1 quart vanilla ice cream, One 11ounce package tiny butterscotch chips, One 20ounce bottle butterscotch ice cream sauce, 12 soft macadamia cookies, 12 butterscotch hard candies, crushed], title: Butterscotch and Macadamia Ice Cream Trifle, picturelink: hmPtKUxf4rxiyMe28JGDF.Q9BHmZ6m}, 55149: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker mix together bourbon, rose syrup, and bitters, shake well and pour into chilled martini glass. Garnish with Primrose.nMake simple syrup by heating 1 cup sugar and 1 quart water until dissolved. While still warm add rose petals and infuse covered for about 30 minutes. Muddle raspberries and add syrup, stirring well. Add rose water and strain to remove raspberry seeds., ingredients: [2 12 ounces bourbon recommended: Woodford Reserve, 12 ounces Rose Syrup, recipe follows, Dash Angostura Bitters, Garnish with organic Primrose, 1 cup sugar, 1 quart water, 1 cup Primrose Petals, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 4 teaspoons rose water], title: Run For The Roses Specialty Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 55150: {instructions: Special equipment: highball glassnStart by filling a glass with ice and pouring in 8 oz. freshsqueezed orange juice. Add 34 oz. maraschino syrup and let it settle at the bottom. Garnish with a cherry and a lime wedge., ingredients: [8 oz. fresh orange juice, 34 oz. maraschino syrup, lime wedge, cherry], title: Texas Sunrise nonalcoholic, picturelink: I7vswDdsU3gzgdJpnNpVbKtX2S.7eGm}, 55151: {instructions: Add the vinegar to a blender, replace the lid, turn it on, and through the feed tube add, 1 at a time, the garlic, crushed red pepper, salt, and black pepper. Leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow thin stream. Set aside until needed.nToss the greens, olives and cucumbers together with enough dressing to coat. Fold in the feta cheese. Serve additional dressing on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 large clove garlic, quartered, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup olive oil, 6 cups mixed mesclun greens, soaked in salt water to remove grit, dried in a salad spinner and torn into bitesized pieces, 1 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 2 English cucumbers, peeled and sliced into 14inch disks, 1 cup cubed feta cheese], title: Greek Salad, picturelink: UxB6CvyvzAee1bMY04H5rzKkGVt9ria}, 55152: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steak: Scatter half the orange slices, half the onion slices, and half the garlic pieces on the bottom of a glass dish large enough to hold the flank steak. Sprinkle the flank steak all over with salt and pepper and place in the prepared baking dish. Scatter the remaining oranges, onions, and garlic over the flank steak and pour the beer over. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand for 1 hour at room temperature or overnight in the fridge.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill.nRemove the meat from the marinade. Discard the marinade. Grill the steak to desired doneness, about 4 minutes per side for mediumrare. Let the steak rest for 10 minutes. Transfer the grilled flank steak to a cutting board and cut crosswise into strips.nFor the salsa: In a small bowl mix together the salsa ingredients.nTo assemble: Using the butter lettuce leaves, make tacos using slices of flank steak and avocados. Drizzle with the salsa.nCooks Note: The marinated steak can also be broiled., ingredients: [1 orange, unpeeled and thinly sliced, divided, 12 onion, peeled and thinly sliced, divided, 4 cloves garlic, halved and smashed, divided, 2 14 pound flank steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup lightcolored beer, preferably lager, 13 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 1 large lime, juiced, 12 serrano chile, seeded and minced, 1 green onion, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 head butter lettuce, leaves separated, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced], title: Light Tacos, picturelink: 6nIOVDgx4Wcb8xXLA1MGfzVZVbHhTY6}, 55153: {instructions: Mix the orange juice concentrate with 1 cup water in a large measuring cup or bowl. You can also use 2 cups orange juice instead of this mixture.nTransfer the orange juice to a blender. Add the milk, vanilla, both sugars and 1 cup ice and blend until smooth and frothy. Divide among 4 chilled glasses.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [1 6ounce can frozen orange juice concentrate, thawed, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar], title: AlmostFamous Orange Milkshake, picturelink: dUw8O2wBIuf6Vai7T8aoBmrXirJCUy}, 55154: {instructions: Dough: In a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine all the ingredients for the dough. Mix at low speed for 2 minutes, then increase the speed to medium and mix for another 6 minutes. To test if the dough is ready, stretch a small piece of dough between your hands into a thin sheet and hold it up to the light. If you see a weblike pattern, the dough is developed the webs are the strands of gluten. If you do not see them, mix the dough at medium speed 2 minutes more, then test again. Transfer the dough to a bowl, cover with a damp cloth, and refrigerate at least 2 hours or over night.nHoney Schmear: In a mixer, mix the brown sugar, butter, honey, corn syrup and cinnamon until smooth. Add the water and mix until smooth, adding more water as needed to make the mixture spreadable.nBun Finish: Butter 10 cups of a large muffin tin. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the honey schmear into the bottom of each cup. In a small bowl, mix the sugar and cinnamon. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 10by10inch square about 14 inch thick. Brush with the melted butter and sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar. Using your hands, firmly roll up the dough like a jellyroll. Transfer to a sheet pan and refrigerate 30 minutes. Using a sharp knife or a taut length of dental floss, cut the dough into 10 slices, each about 1 inch thick. Place one slice on its cut side in each muffin cup. Cover with a damp cloth, and let rise in a warm place until they reach the rim of the pan, about 1 to 1 12 hours. Or, cover and let rise in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, line a sheet pan with parchment paper. Let the buns cool in the pan for 2 minutes, then flip the pan over onto the sheet pan. Carefully lift off the muffin pan, leaving the buns and toppings on the sheet pan. Let cool. Meanwhile mix together the powdered sugar and milk to make a glaze. With a spoon drizzle the glaze over the top of the buns., ingredients: [1 cup water, 3 cups bread flour, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened at room temperature, 14 cup powdered milk, 5 teaspoons sugar, 1 ounce fresh yeast or 2 14ounce packets dry yeast, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 34 cup light brown sugar, packed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup milk], title: Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: SMRuu1RwH9KUlsiG8AR8D0.1otVKzK2}, 55155: {instructions: Slice the skin off each orange, removing both the peel and white skin or pith. Coarsely chop the oranges.nPlace the chopped oranges and olives in a salad bowl. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, salt, pepper, and oregano. Toss well and serve., ingredients: [4 oranges, 20 kalamata olives, 14 cup58 ml extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Dried oregano], title: Insalata di Arance e Origano: Orange Salad with Oregano, picturelink: null}, 55156: {instructions: Make the custard: Bring the milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk the egg yolks, cornstarch, sugar and salt in a large bowl. Gradually pour the hot milk into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Pour the mixture back into the saucepan and cook, whisking constantly, until thick and bubbling, about 3 minutes. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, pressing the custard through with a rubber spatula. Stir in the butter and vanilla until smooth.nSet aside 1 or 2 muffin slices for crumbling on top. In 6 wide jars or a 2quart souffle dish, layer the muffin slices, banana slices and custard crumble the reserved muffin slices on top. Cover and refrigerate 2 to 4 hours before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 4 large egg yolks, 14 cup cornstarch, 12 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 large banananut muffins, cut into 34inchthick slices, 2 bananas, cut into 14inchthick slices], title: Banana Muffin Pudding, picturelink: HUcTA5gcIu06BVt5Ugo1BhYT6Qg8y}, 55157: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the kosher salt and chopped thyme and mix it well. Rub the salt and thyme mixture on both sides of the duck, layering it on thickly. Place legs in a shallow pan and refrigerate, covered, overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the same shallow pan, add the onion, garlic, star anise, canela, and duck fat over the legs. Cover the pan with aluminum foil. Roast in the oven for 3 hours.nMeanwhile, soak the cornhusks in warm water for 1 hour.nTo make the dough for the tamales, moisten the instant corn flour with the warm water. Set aside. Beat the shortening in a mixer until creamy and fluffy, about 10 minutes, then fold in the corn flour and chicken stock.nAfter 3 hours remove the legs from the fat, remove the outer skin and shred the meat away from the bone and set aside.nTo assemble the tamales, open the soaked cornhusks and add 2 tablespoons of dough. Spread the dough over the cornhusk leaving a 12inch border. Put 1 tablespoon of the shredded duck meat in the center in a line. Fold the cornhusk over, enclosing the duck in the dough, and secure the tamale with a string or rippedoff piece of the cornhusks. Repeat the process until all the dough and filling is finished.nIn a double boiler or steamer, steam the tamales for 20 minutes. Turn off heat and allow to sit for 10 minutes before serving.nTo make the sour cherry mojo: Soak the dried cherries in a bowl with red wine for 1 hour.nIn a medium saucepot, heat 1 tablespoon of oil over medium high heat. When the oil has begun to smoke, add the shallots, chipotle, and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes then deglaze with red wine vinegar and duck stock. Cook for 3 minutes then add the cherry mixture. Cook for 30 minutes until the liquid has thickened. Add the parsley. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, remove the tamale from the steamer. Open the tamales and serve with a spoon of the cherry mojo., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup chopped thyme leaves, 4 duck legs, 1 white onion, quartered, 4 cloves garlic, 6 star anise pods, 2 large sticks canela Mexican cinnamon, 4 cups melted duck fat, 1 pound package cornhusks, 1 cup instant corn flour, 34 cup warm water, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup chicken stock, 2 cups dried cherries, 3 cups red wine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup thinly sliced shallots, 1 chipotle in adobo, chopped, 1 garlic clove, finely minced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley], title: Braised Duck Tamales with Sour Cherry Mojo, picturelink: null}, 55158: {instructions: Place oil in deepfat fryer, insert deepfat thermometer, and begin heating to 375 degrees F. Place 12 cup dredging flour in pie pan set aside.nMix cornmeal, 13 cup flour, and salt in 2cup glass measure. Add milk, egg, and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Mix well and set aside.nThread frankfurters onto wooden skewers. Roll in dredging flour to coat, shaking off excess. Dip frankfurters, one at a time, in cornmeal batter, then fry in 375 degree F oil until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [Vegetable oil for deep frying, 12 cup unsifted allpurpose flour for dredging, 23 cup yellow cornmeal, 13 cup unsifted allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, well beaten, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 10 readytoeat frankfurters 1 pound, 10 wooden skewers], title: Corny Dogs, picturelink: null}, 55159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8 by 8inch casserole dish. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a food processor, blend the bread until it forms into crumbs.nIn a large nonstick skillet, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the bread crumbs and cook, stirring constantly until all the butter has been absorbed and the bread crumbs are toasted, about 1 to 2 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the cream and flour. Add the capers, bacon and 12 cup of the Gruyere. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nBring a medium saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Add the cauliflower and cook for 2 minutes. Drain the cauliflower and toss with the cream mixture. Pour the cauliflower mixture into the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with the bread crumbs and remaining 12 cup of cheese.nDrizzle with olive oil and bake for 35 to 40 minutes until the cheese has melted and the top is golden brown., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for dish, plus 12 stick 4 tablespoons, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 slices dayold sourdough bread or 2 cups bread crumbs, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 14 cup capers, rinsed and drained, 8 ounces bacon, cooked until crispy and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup grated Gruyere, divided, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cauliflower, trimmed and cut into florets, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Cauliflower and Bacon Gratin, picturelink: Al0spcioRHspo96flzyoWz5ilRq2FC}, 55160: {instructions: Preheat a waffle iron to mediumhigh.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the milk, egg yolks, vanilla, and 14 cup melted butter. Whisk the milk mixture into the flour mixture until a batter is formed. Take care not to over mix the batter. In medium bowl, with a handheld electric mixer or whisk, whip the 3 egg whites until they just begin to hold a loose peak. Scatter the sugar over the whites and continue beating until they hold a soft peak. Using a rubber spatula, fold a third of the egg whites into the batter to lighten the base. Fold in the remaining whites.nBrush the inside surface of the iron with butter. Pour in enough batter to lightly cover the surface of the iron, about 13 to 34 cup, depending upon the size of the iron. Take into consideration that the batter will spread once the lid is closed. Cover and cook until golden brown and slightly crisp, about 5 minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter. If the waffle iron is well seasoned or nonstick it is not necessary to brush the inner surface each time before cooking the waffles.nServe the waffles immediately with syrup, jam, fresh fruit, or yogurt., ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 teaspoons baking powder, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups milk, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, separated, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for brushing the iron, 1 large egg white, at room temperature, 14 cup sugar, Serving suggestions: Maple syrup, jam, fresh fruit, or yogurt], title: Waffles, picturelink: null}, 55161: {instructions: Soak mushrooms and lily flowers in boiling hot water for 20 minutes. Drain and reserve soaking liquid.nIn a large pot, combine soaking liquid and chicken stock. Bring to a boil and season with salt. Simmer 5 minutes, add tofu, exotic mushrooms and bok choy. Slowly add egg to soup, stirring gently. Then add pork or chicken. Cover and cook about 5 minutes.nStir a little of the hot stock into cornstarch paste and add this mixture to the soup. Cook another 2 minutes.nStir in sesame oil, vinegar, and chili paste or black pepper. Sprinkle with scallions and cilantro, serve immediately., ingredients: [4 dried Chinese black mushrooms, 4 dried shiitake mushrooms, 14 cup dried Chinese lily buds flowers optional, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces fresh firm tofu, cut into thin strips or small cubes, 2 baby bok choy thinly sliced, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 pound lean pork, cut into thin strips or 1 4ounce boneless, skinless chicken breast cut into thin strips, 2 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 14 cup stock to form paste, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 12 teaspoon chili paste or cracked black pepper, 2 thinly slivered scallions green and white parts, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Hot and Sour Soup, picturelink: null}, 55162: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix the shredded chicken, ragout and basil oil. Check for seasoning. Fill the crock pots and place the puff pastry on top tightly. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 25 minutes or until crust is dark brown. Serve as soon as possible.nWine Suggestion: York Creek, Pinot Blanc, Spring Mountain District, Napa Valley, 1996 Bedford Thompson, Cabernet Franc, Santa Barbara County, 1994nIn a large, hot saucepan, add 2 tablespoons butter and saute shallots and garlic until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add mushrooms and saute. Season. Deglaze with white wine and reduce by 50 percent. Add chicken stock, soy, and thyme. Bring to a simmer and add peas, edamames, favas, carrots and snap peas. Add the truffle oil and season. Check for seasoning. Bring back to temperature. Right before serving, add the chives.nIn a blender, puree garlic, ginger, lime juice, salt and sugar and oil until smooth. Do not overmix thereby heating the mixture. Add the basil and puree smooth. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [1 cooked chicken, meat picked off of the bone, skin and all, shredded, 3 cups spring vegetable ragout, recipe follows, 14 cup basil oil, recipe follows, 4 small crock pots, 4 puff pastry sheets, 3 by 3 inches, docked, 2 tablespoons butter, 5 minced shallots, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup sliced shiitakes, 2 cups quartered button or cremini mushrooms, 1 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 cup shucked English peas, blanched, 1 cup shucked edamames, blanched, 1 cup shucked favas, blanched, 1 cup 14inch diced peeled carrots, blanched, 1 cup sugar snap peas, cut into 14inch lengths, blanched, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, Salt and black pepper, 14 cup chopped chives, 3 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 limes, juiced, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 2 cups Thai basil leaves, Salt and black pepper], title: Basil Chicken Pot Pies, picturelink: null}, 55163: {instructions: Combine the chicken and marinade in a large nonreactive pan. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 6.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and coat generously with some of the rub. Arrange the chicken, skin sideup, in a baking pan and pour the apple juice in the bottom. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and roast for 1 12 to 2 hours.nUncover the chicken and continue roasting, basting with the sauce occasionally, until the skin is golden.nCombine all the ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Whisk until the sugar and salt dissolve. Let cool.nCombine all ingredients and mix well., ingredients: [4 3 to 4pound chickens, halved, Jacks Old South Meat Marinade, recipe follows, 1 cup apple juice, Jacks Old South BBQ Rub, recipe follows, Jacks Old South Competition Vinegar Sauce, see recipe, 2 quarts apple juice, 1 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup salt, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup sweet paprika, 14 cup kosher salt, 3 tablespoons black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon dried basil], title: Jacks BBQ Chicken, picturelink: ckRgRNqEWMSgKdSzkmb35MkD7liULji}, 55164: {instructions: Preheat the grill. Pull down the corn husks, but dont remove them. Extract the silk and rewrap the husks around the corn. Soak the ears in cold water for 30 minutes.nIn a blender or food processor, combine the remaining ingredients. Pulse intermittently to make a paste.nRemove the corn from the water, pull back the husks and drain thoroughly. Spread the paste over the kernels. Rewrap the husks, then arrange the corn on the hot grill. Cook, turning often, for about 15 minutes, or until the husks are lightly charred. Serve in the husks.nOptional serving style: After removing corn from water, drain, rewrap in husks and grill. When done, remove from grill, cut corn into 1inch rings and toss with the chile paste. Serve in a bowl., ingredients: [6 ears fresh sweet corn, husks on, 1 habanero pepper, seeded, stemmed and lightly toasted, 1 chile negro, seeded, stemmed and lightly toasted, 112 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 12 bunch thyme leaves, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Grilled Corn with Chiles, picturelink: null}, 55165: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the chiles in a dry saute pan over high heat turning constantly until slightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and when cool enough to handle, cut them in half and remove the seeds. Tear them into small pieces and add them to a blender.nAdd the orange juice, tequila, garlic and olive oil to the blender. Puree the salsa and add it to the same saute pan used to toast the chiles. Cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Season the salsa with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cool completely. Transfer to a serving bowl and top with crumbled anejo cheese., ingredients: [8 dried pasilla chiles or dried ancho chiles, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup golden tequila, 1 garlic clove, minced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup crumbled anejo cheese or feta cheese], title: Salsa Borracha, picturelink: 8Ja4IcnkdBVJMP4DNKjvJhQRS19Vm}, 55166: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill or an indoor grill pan.nLine the bottom of a roasting pan with aluminum foil. Put the salmon in the roasting pan and drizzle both sides with olive oil, about 1 teaspoon on each side. On both sides of the salmon, sprinkle about 5 pinches each of salt, black pepper and seafood seasoning.nPut the salmon directly on the grill and cook for 5 to 7 minutes on each side. Youll know its done when the natural fat of the salmon starts to seep out. Put the salmon back in the roasting pan and set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, combine all of the vegetables and apricots and drizzle with olive oil. Add 12 teaspoon each sea salt and black pepper and mix until incorporated.nLine a second roasting pan or baking sheet with aluminum foil. Pour the vegetable mixture in 1 layer into the roasting pan. Put the pan on the grill for 10 to 15 minutes, turning occasionally.nPut the vegetable mixture on a serving platter and sprinkle with the chopped tarragon. Top with the salmon and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 2 pound Pacific or wild caught salmon fillet, 2 teaspoons olive oil, plus more for vegetables, 5 pinches sea salt, plus 12 teaspoon, divided, 5 pinches coarsely ground black pepper, plus 12 teaspoon, divided, 5 pinches seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay Seasoning, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 2 cups quartered cremini mushrooms, 1 cup half moon shaped sliced red onion, 2 cans whole kernel corn, 1 cup halved dried apricots, 1 fistful fresh tarragon leaves, coarsely chopped], title: Chargrilled Salmon Relish, picturelink: null}, 55167: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt. In a large bowl, cream together the eggs and sugar. Stir in the mashed bananas, vanilla, oil and cinnamon. Stir in the flour mixture, a third at a time, until just combined.nPour the batter into a 9by5inch loaf pan. Bake for about 1 hour., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 4 very ripe bananas, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Banana Bread, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 55168: {instructions: Make the syrup: Heat the syrup and both halves of the vanilla bean in a small saucepan over mediumlow heat. Just before the mixture comes to a simmer, remove from the heat, stir in the berries and set aside for at least 30 minutes to let the flavors meld. Remove the vanilla bean before serving.nMake the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Whisk the flour, cornmeal, granulated sugar, baking powder, salt and nutmeg in large bowl. In a separate bowl, whisk the buttermilk, eggs and oil. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry until just blended. Leaving a few lumps will result in fluffier pancakes.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Add enough oil to grease it lightly and leave a film on the bottom of the pan.nWorking in batches, ladle the batter, about 12 cup at a time, into the pan. Cook until the pancakes are golden brown on the bottom and bubbles start to form on top, about 3 minutes, then flip and continue cooking another 2 minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter. Put the finished pancakes on a sheet tray and let sit in the oven to stay warm as you finish. Serve topped with the berry syrup, butter and confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Jacob Snavely, ingredients: [1 cup maple syrup, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 pint fresh blueberries, blackberries or raspberries, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup finely ground cornmeal, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch of grated nutmeg, 2 14 cups wellshaken buttermilk, 2 large eggs, beaten, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, plus more for greasing, Unsalted butter, for serving, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Buttermilk Pancakes With Vanilla BeanBerry Syrup, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 55169: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the rosemary, salt, pepper and smoked paprika together in a small bowl. Sprinkle the chops evenly with the rosemary seasoning and let sit out at room temperature for 10 minutes.nHeat the oil in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once hot, add the pork chops and sear on both sides, about 8 minutes total. Brush with the Apricot Glaze and pop into the oven to finish cooking, another 7 minutes, or until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat reaches 145 degrees F. Remove from the oven and brush with the glaze once more.nTo make the glaze, whisk together the nectar, lemon juice, honey, mustard and some salt and pepper together in a small saucepan. Reduce over medium heat and cook, while stirring frequently, until thick like maple syrup, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, Two 10ounce bonein rib pork chops 1 inch thick, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Apricot Glaze, recipe follows, 12 cup apricot nectar, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Rosemary Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 55170: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the oats and milk in a large bowl and let stand 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 10 cups of a 12cup muffin tin with paper linersnIn a separate medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda and salt.nStir the melted butter, eggs and brown sugar into the bowl of oats and milk until well combined. Stir the flour mixture into the oat mixture until well combined. Fold in the white chocolate chips and dried apricots.nUsing an icecream scoop or 2 large tablespoons, divide the batter among the 10 lined muffin tins. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of a muffin comes out with some crumbs sticking to it, about 20 minutes. Let the muffins cool 5 minutes in the tins before removing them to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup lightly packed brown sugar, 14 cup diced dried apricots, 13 cup white chocolate chips, 14 cup dried cranberries], title: Oatmeal Muffins, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 55171: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a rimmed jelly rollbaking sheet and line with parchment paper. Butter the top of the paper as well, especially the corners.nIn a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the egg yolks and granulated sugar on medium speed until fluffy and the sugar is not gritty, 10 to12 minutes.nWhile the eggs are beating, put the chocolate in a bowl and melt over a double boiler. When the chocolate is melted, remove from the heat and let it cool a bit. Sit the bowl in some cool water for a few minutes if necessary.nIncorporate the egg mixture into the chocolate by adding a little at a time to temper the mixture, so you dont cook the eggs. Add the espresso and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.nIn a clean bowl, with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Incorporate onequarter of the egg whites into the chocolate mixture make sure no white streaks remain. Carefully fold in the remaining whites into the chocolate, taking care not to deflate the whites but making sure not to have any white streaks in the batter.nSpread the batter in the prepared pan and bake, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven and spread a dampened tea towel or several dampened paper towels over the top of the cake and let it sit for 30 minutes.nIn a clean bowl, with the whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream, confectioners sugar, bourbon, vanilla bean and the remaining 1 teaspoon vanilla extract on medium speed until stiff peaks form.nCarefully turn the cake out onto clean parchment paper, making sure to have 4 to 5 inches of excess paper at the end to help you roll the cake. Using a fine sieve or sifter, sprinkle 12 cup cocoa powder over the top of the cake. Spread the whipped cream mixture over the top, leaving 14inch on each side. Using the edge of the parchment paper, carefully roll the cake creating a jellyroll effect, tuck and roll as you go, peeling back the paper along the way. Put the rolled cake seamside down and dust the whole cake with the remaining 12 cup cocoa powder. Chill 2 hours before serving. You might even put the cake in the freezer for an hour before serving so that it is easy to slice.nTo serve, slice cake with a serrated knife and place on chilled plates. Garnish with a light dusting of cocoa powder and fresh berries.nThis recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Softened unsalted butter, for greasing baking sheet, 5 egg yolks, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon espresso or strong black coffee, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 5 egg whites, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar, 12 cup bourbon, Seeds from 12 vanilla bean, 1 cup cocoa powder, plus more for dusting, Fresh berries, for garnish], title: Chocolate Roulage with Bourbon Cream, picturelink: t13l6IFoxc.mSFV0SJREXWvLFXHo1u6}, 55172: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large Dutch oven, with a lid, over mediumhigh heat. Season the meat generously with salt and pepper. Add the oil to the pot, lay the meat in the pan and sear on both sides until brown, about 10 minutes. Transfer the meat to a plate. Pour all but about 2 tablespoons of the oil from the pan.nAdd the onion, carrots, celery, and garlic to the pan, and cook until vegetables are tender, about 8 minutes. Add the flour and with a wooden spoon scrape up any browned bits that cling to the bottom of the pot Add wine and tomatoes and cook until liquid has thickened, about 5 minutes more. Add broth, thyme, and bay leaves, bring to a boil. Return the roast to the pot, nestle it in the liquid, cover, place in the oven and cook until the roast is just tender, about 1 12 hours. Remove the lid and continue to cook, uncovered until tender about 1 hour more.nMeanwhile, put the carrots, turnips, onions, and parsnips on a baking sheet and toss with the olive oil, thyme, salt, and pepper. Roast on a shelf under the pot roast for the last hour, stirring occasionally, until tender throughout.nTransfer the roast to a plate and cover loosely with foil. Skim the fat off the surface of the liquid and discard. Bring the sauce to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and cook until thickened. Stir in the parsley and vinegar, salt and pepper, to taste. Keep the roast warm in the sauce until ready to slice.nSlice the pot roast across the grain and lay on a platter, surround with the vegetables. Pour some of the sauce on top and serve the remaining in a sauceboat on the side., ingredients: [1 4pound beef chuck roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, sliced, 2 carrots, peeled, thinly sliced, 2 ribs celery, thinly sliced, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup red wine, 1 15ounce can chopped tomatoes, in juice, 2 cups beef broth, homemade, or lowsodium, lowfat, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, or 1 teaspoon dried, 2 bay leaves, 13 cup coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, optional, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 5 carrots, peeled, cut into thirds, 3 medium turnips, peeled and cut into 6 wedges, 2 medium red onions, peeled, cut into 6 wedges, 2 medium parsnips, peeled, cut into thirds, About 5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Pot Roast with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 55173: {instructions: Saute the green onions and mushrooms in the oil until soft, sprinkle with the cayenne pepper, salt, oregano, and lemon juice while cooking. Add the stock, bring to a boil and stir in the vermicelli.nCook for 7 minutes after the soup comes back to a boil. Reheat with Chicken Balls or diced chicken.nBeat together the eggs and halfandhalf, whisk in 12 cup hot soup and return to the rest of the soup. Heat, but do not boil.nAdd the Romano and adjust seasonings, to taste, with salt, pepper and oregano.nSprinkle with paprika and Italian parsley and pass extra Romano at the table.nMix together all ingredients, form into balls the size of large marbles, and refrigerate several hours. Cook in simmering salted water or broth to cover for 10 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup minced green onions, with tops, 12 cup minced mushrooms, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Dash of cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon crumbled dried oregano, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 6 cups brown chicken stock, made with extra oregano and garlic, 14 pound vermicelli, broken, 1 recipe Chicken Balls, cooked, recipe follows, or 1 12 cups diced cooked chicken, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 cup halfandhalf, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Romano, plus extra for garnish, Salt, black pepper and minced fresh oregano, Dash paprika, Minced fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 12 cups ground whitemeat chicken, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 egg, beaten, 12 cup fine bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Romano, 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper], title: Zuppa Maritata, picturelink: null}, 55174: {instructions: For the slaw: Put the cabbage in a bowl, sprinkle the vinegar, sugar, celery seeds and salt and pepper to taste over the top and toss well. Let stand, tossing frequently, until the cabbage wilts, about 20 minutes.nFor the sandwiches: In a small bowl, stir together the mayo, ketchup, relish and paprika. Spread the dressing on one side of each slice of bread. Put a slice of cheese on each piece of bread divide the meat among 4 of the slices. Top each sandwich with some slaw and invert the remaining cheesecovered bread slices onto each sandwich. Spread 12 tablespoon of the butter on the top of each sandwich.nMelt the remaining 1 tablespoon butter in a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Arrange the sandwiches butteredside up in the skillet and cook until the bottoms are golden, about 4 minutes. Carefully flip the sandwiches and cook until the undersides are golden brown and the cheese is melted, about another 4 minutes. Slice the sandwiches diagonally and serve., ingredients: [1 cup very thinly sliced savoy cabbage you can substitute green cabbage, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar or white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon celery seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons ketchup, 2 teaspoons drained sweet pickle relish, 14 teaspoon paprika, 8 slices rye or marbled rye sandwich bread, 8 thick slices Swiss cheese, 1 pound leftover corned beef, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature], title: Corned Beef Reuben with Savoy Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: p.KGeIo6JHCYbwFxBTNiFZ1xeh0g6i}, 55175: {instructions: LowSodium Recipen1. Spray heavy nonstick pan with vegetable oil.n2. Chop red pepper and onion finely.n3. Sautu00e9 red pepper and onion in nonstick pan over medium heat until tender.n4. Break eggs into medium bowl, whisk.n5. Add Mrs. Dashu00ae Extra Spicy to bowl.n6. Add eggs to skillet and reduce heat to low. Stir eggs gently, until eggs are set, about 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Extra Spicy Seasoning Blend, vegetable oil spray, 12 medium red pepper, 1 small onion, 4 large eggs], title: Spicy Egg Scramble, picturelink: GNSOYX4AAENEy1YyWycDfedsGcoKSXu}, 55176: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLay the puff cups on a baking sheet making sure the cups are not touching each other by at least an inch on all sides. Bake per packaging instructions.nHeat a large oven safe skillet over high heat, add the oil. With paper towels remove all excess moisture from the outside of the beef, season the beef liberally with salt and pepper on all sides. When the oil begins to smoke, lay the beef fillets gently in pan, making sure the fillets are not touching. Cook for 1 12 minutes on each side, then put the pan in the oven and cook for an additional 10 minutes for medium rare.nCut the puff cup in half and place the bottom half in the center of the serving plate lay a spoonful of Spinach in the middle of the puff, top the Spinach with of the fillets. Lay a spoonful of Duxelles on top of the fillet and cap it off with the top of the puff pastry. Drizzle the plate with a tablespoon of the Wine Sauce.nAdd the mushrooms to a food processor and pulse until they are extrafinely chopped. Heat the butter over medium heat in a large skillet. Once the butter has melted add the mushrooms and large pinch of salt, continue to cook the mixture, stirring often until the most of the mushroom moisture has evaporated. Add the thyme and melt in liver pate. Check for seasoning.nIn a large pan heat the butter over medium heat, once the butter has melted add the spinach and a pinch of salt, cook until the leaves have wilted.nIn a medium sauce pot, over high heat, add all the sauce ingredients. Cook until the liquid is reduced to 34 of a cup., ingredients: [6 preformed frozen puff pastry cups, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Six 4ounce beef fillets, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Duxelles, recipe follows, Spinach, recipe follows, Wine Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 pounds sliced button mushrooms, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped thyme leaves, 14 cup liver pate, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 bags prewashed baby spinach, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup sugar], title: No Nightmare Beef Wellington, picturelink: feGu.XUnqoafo7R7Guqc0PxxUoB95FW}, 55177: {instructions: Chicken:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large ovenproof saute pan over high heat, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season the chicken breasts with salt and pepper, to taste, and add them to the oil. Cook for 3 minutes on each side. Put the saute pan in the oven and the let the chicken finish cooking, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven to a cutting board and allow to rest, covered, for 5 to 10 minutes.nTomato sauce: In a mediumsized skillet over medium heat, add the olive oil. Add the chopped garlic and onions and saute until softened. Stir in the tomatoes, sambal, sugar, 2 teaspoons of salt and the rosemary. Saute over medium heat and allow the sauce to reduce and flavors to blend together, about 8 minutes. Taste and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Remove the rosemary sprig and stir in chopped parsley just before serving.nPotatoes: Fill a large saucepan 23s full with cold water. Add the potatoes and a good pinch of salt and bring to a gentle boil over medium heat. Cook the potatoes until they are just tender, about 10 minutes. Once the potatoes tender, drain them and cut them into 14inch slices. Heat a combination of olive oil and grapeseed oil in a large skillet until it just begins to smoke. Add the potato slices and fry until crispy on the outside and completely tender on the inside. Remove the potatoes to paper towels to drain and sprinkle with sea salt.nArrange potato slices in a circular layer on each serving plate. Put a thin layer of tomato sauce over the potatoes, leaving a small border. Slice the chicken breasts into serving portions and arrange on top of the potatotomato layers. Garnish each serving with a sprig of rosemary and fresh parsley. Serve and enjoy, ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 boneless, chicken breast halves with skin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 small onion, diced, 1 15ounce can plain tomatoes, 2 fresh tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons sambal oelek sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, plus sprigs, for garnish, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 small bunch Italian parsley, leaves chopped, plus more for garnish, 6 large Yukon gold potatoes, Salt, Olive oil, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Sea salt], title: Chicken and Potato Napoleon with Spicy Tomato Sambal Sauce, picturelink: 9Alsgfkdcgi4bKD6pwEdVdF1ZBwLG.}, 55178: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the meat sauce: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, warm the olive oil until it shimmers. Add the whole cloves and cinnamon stick, and remove after a few minutes. Add the garlic and onions, sprinkle with a little salt and saute until softened but not browned.nAdd the sausage, breaking up the clumps with your spoon. Cook until the sausage is no longer pink, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, basil, as well as some salt and pepper. Stir to combine and simmer uncovered, for about 15 minutes, stirring every now and then. Allow the meat sauce to cool, about 15 minutes, before building lasagna cupcakes. As the meat sauce is cooking, prepare the ricotta filling.nFor the ricotta filling: Stir together the mozzarella, Parmesan, ricotta and mango chutney. Season with salt and lots of pepper, about a teaspoon, and set aside.nTo assemble the cupcakes: Pull out your favorite cupcake pan. If your pan is not nonstick, spray the cups with cooking spray. Place a wonton wrapper in each cup. Dont worry if youre using square ones.nDrop about 1 teaspoon of meat sauce into the bottom of each cup. Then add 1 teaspoon of ricotta filling. Then cover with another wonton wrapper, rotating it about 90degrees so that the corners of the first wrapper and the second wrapper arent right on top of each other. Repeat this until youve built three layers total. Top each with a small basil leaf, then another wonton wrapper. Finish each cupcake with a spoonful of meat sauce, a little shredded mozzarella and pinch of grated Parmesan.nPop them into the oven and bake for 20 minutes. When times up, resist the temptation to eat them right away or else youll burn your mouth Let them rest on the counter for about 10 minutes, and they should slip out of the muffin tin easily. Top with more shredded basil if you like., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 whole cloves, One 1inch cinnamon stick, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, finely diced about 1 cup, Kosher salt, 1 pound mild Italian chicken sausage, casing removed, 14 cup tomato paste, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, Freshly ground pepper, 34 cup shredded mozzarella, plus more for topping, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for topping, 34 cup partskim ricotta, 13 cup mango chutney, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 package wonton wrappers at least 48, 12 whole small fresh basil leaves], title: Lasagna Cupcakes, picturelink: nHBrYO0HtJL2EbYcom3PF99pCDc3bC}, 55179: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the cranberries, sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a small baking dish and cover. Bake for about 55 minutes. Remove the cover and stir to melt any undissolved sugar. Return the dish to the oven and bake for about 5 to 10 more minutes, or until the cranberries are soft and surrounded by a syrupy sauce. Remove the dish from the oven and immediately stir in the bourbon, to taste. Let the dish cool to room temperature, then chill for at least hour before serving. The sauce will keep for several weeks in the refrigerator., ingredients: [1 12 ounce bag cranberries, fresh or frozen, 1 14 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch nutmeg, 14 cup bourbon, or more], title: Baked Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 55180: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Toss all of the ingredients together in a bowl. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 5 minutes, or until lightly browned, shaking the pan once or twice. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups Pepitas raw hulled green pumpkin seeds, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground Ancho chiles or chili powder, 2 teaspoons lime juice teaspoon salt], title: Spicy Pepitas, picturelink: null}, 55181: {instructions: For the Pears: Put wine, juice, cinnamon, lemon juice, and sugar substitute in a pot, and bring to a boil. Take off the heat and add some clear glaze to slightly thicken the mixture. Add the sliced pears to the mixture and cool.nPastry Cream: Bring to a boil the milk, margarine, and split vanilla bean. Combine eggbeaters, sugar, and cornstarch and add to boiled milk. Cook until thick. Fold pastry cream with some whipped cream.nNapoleon Sheets: Cut phyllo into rectangle shape. Spray each layer with vegetable spray 4 layers total. Sprinkle top with sugar substitute and bake until golden brown. Each set of Napoleon requires 3 rectangles per order.nPear and Berry Napoleon Assembly: In the center of a plate, layer a dollop of pastry cream, a phyllo square, a dollop of cream and berries. Repeat with another phyllo square, pastry cream, and berries. Top with phyllo square and a light sprinkle of powdered sugar. Spoon pears around. Repeat with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 cups red wine, 1 cup apple juice, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 ounces sugar substitute, Clear glaze, as needed available at commercial pastry supply stores, 3 cups sliced pears, 1 pint mixed blueberries, blackberries and raspberries, 2 quarts skim milk, 4 ounces margarine, 1 vanilla bean, split, 8 egg substitutes, 1 12 ounce sugar substitute, 3 12 ounces cornstarch, 1 cup light whipping cream, whipped, Phyllo sheets, Vegetable spray, Sugar substitute], title: Pear and Berry Napoleon, picturelink: null}, 55182: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Ladle marinara sauce over cheese. Spoon and spread ricotta cheese mixture onto crisped wholewheat pitas. Sprinkle sundried tomatoes, olives and mushrooms. Add Parmesan cheese. Top with chopped tomato and black pepper grind. Bake in oven for 1012 minutes or until Parmesan cheese has melted.nIn a saucepan, bring milk to a low simmer. Add vinegar, and stir gently. Turn off heat and wait for the curds and whey to separate. When the whey water runs clear, pour mixture into a fine mesh strainer that is positioned over a bowl. Allow to drain completely. For a firmer cheese, continue to strain and leave for an hour in the refrigerator. Pour drained ricotta into separate bowl. Add basil strips to ricotta. Season with a splash of extra virgin olive oil, fresh ground pepper and salt, to taste., ingredients: [6 wholewheat pitas, crisped slightly in oven, 2 cups fresh ricotta cheese recipe follows, 1 to 1 12 cups marinara sauce, 12 to 1 cup sundried tomatoes, 12 to 1 cup sliced black olives, 12 to 1 cup mushrooms, 12 to 1 cup shredded Parmesan cheese, 12 to 1 cup chopped tomato, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 gallon whole milk, 14 cup distilled white vinegar, 12 bunch basil, leaves cut into thin strips, Salt and pepper, to taste, Splash extra virgin olive oil], title: Pita Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 55183: {instructions: Combine the arugula, celery, carrot, scallions, garlic and tarragon in a food processor and pulse until very finely chopped.nAdd the sour cream, mayonnaise and cream cheese and pulse to combine. Add the crushed chips and pulse a few more times until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and chill 30 minutes or up to 8 hours. Serve with vegetables.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 cups baby arugula, 1 stalk celery, cut into thirds, 1 small carrot, cut into thirds, 4 scallions, cut into thirds, 1 small clove garlic, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh tarragon, dill, basil or parsley, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 cups vegetable chips, finely crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Raw vegetables, for serving], title: Creamy Veggie Dip, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 55184: {instructions: HEAT oven to 425 degrees F. Combine pumpkin, sweetened condensed milk, eggs, maple flavoring, cinnamon, salt, ginger and nutmeg in large bowl. Mix well. Pour into pie crust.nBAKE 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake an additional 30 minutes.nCOMBINE brown sugar, flour and cinnamon in medium bowl. Cut in butter with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in nuts. Remove pie from oven. Top evenly with crumb mixture.nBAKE an additional 10 minutes. Cool. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [1 15 oz. can pumpkin about 2 cups, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 large eggs, 1 tsp. maple flavoring, 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, 12 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. ground ginger, 14 tsp. ground nutmeg, 1 8 or 9inch prepared graham cracker or baked pie crust, 13 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 13 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. ground cinnamon, 3 tbsps. cold butter, 12 cup chopped walnuts], title: Maple Walnut Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 55185: {instructions: In a large shallow bowl whisk together milk, eggs, 1 tablespoon rum and 2 teaspoons sugar. Soak bread triangles 30 seconds per side, until wellcoated. In a large castiron or nonstick skillet melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over mediumlow heat. When butter bubbles, carefully transfer brioche triangles to pan and cook 1 to 1 12 minutes per side, or until golden brown. Arrange triangles and ice cream decoratively on 4 dessert plates, standing toasts on their edges.nIn another skillet, melt remaining 4 tablespoons butter over medium heat. In a small bowl, toss banana slices with lemon juice and remaining 3 tablespoons sugar. When butter bubbles, add bananas and cook, turning them once, until each side is glazed light brown, about 3 minutes per side. In a small pan warm remaining 12 cup rum and pour over bananas. Heat one minute, then carefully light with a long match. Shake pan until flames subside and pour over toasts and ice cream. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon dark rum plus 12 cup, 2 teaspoons sugar plus 3 tablespoons, 3 1inch slices brioche, from a medium loaf, cut into 12 small triangles, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 small scoops vanilla ice cream, frozen hard for serving, 4 firm bananas, cut diagonally, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: French Toast Foster, picturelink: null}, 55186: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdjust the oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 350 F. Fill minimuffin tins with cupcake liners and spray the liners with baking spray.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and 1 12 cups cane sugar together in a large bowl. Whisk together the melted butter, buttermilk, oil, vanilla extract, vanilla seeds and egg yolks in a medium bowl.nIn a clean bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites at mediumhigh speed until foamy, about 30 seconds. With the machine running, gradually add the remaining 14 cup sugar. Continue to beat until stiff peaks just form, 30 to 60 seconds. Transfer to a separate bowl and set aside. Wash the bowl and dry.nAdd the flour mixture to the nowempty mixing bowl. With the mixer running at low speed with the whisk attachment, gradually pour in the butter mixture and mix until almost incorporated a few streaks of dry flour will remain, about 15 seconds. Stop the mixer and scrape the whisk and sides of the bowl. Return the mixer to mediumlow speed and beat until smooth and fully incorporated, 10 to 15 seconds.nUsing a rubber spatula, stir onethird of the whites into the batter to lighten. Then add the remaining whites and gently fold into the batter until no white streaks remain.nFill the minimuffin tin liners threequarters full and bake until just firm, 8 to 12 minutes. Let cool, and then frost with Creamy Chocolate Frosting.nAdd the butter, sugar, cocoa and salt to a food processor. Process until smooth, scraping the sides of the bowl once or twice, about 30 seconds. Add the corn syrup, vanilla and espresso powder and process just until combined, about 10 seconds. Scrape the sides of the bowl one more time, and then drizzle in the chocolate. Pulse until the frosting is creamy, about 15 seconds., ingredients: [Baking spray with flour, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 34 cups pure cane sugar, 1 14 sticks 5 ounces unsalted butter, melted and cooled slightly, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 6 large egg yolks, room temperature, 3 large egg whites, room temperature, Creamy Chocolate Frosting, recipe follows, 2 12 sticks 10 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 34 cup Dutchprocessed cocoa, Pinch fine sea salt, 12 cup light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon espresso powder, 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled], title: Mini Vanilla Bean Yellow Cupcakes with Creamy Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: UXjU51CcGmHCohViqW9bFR7aLFba}, 55187: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray muffin tin with nostick cooking spray or use individual baking cups.nSTIR together flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg in small bowl. In large bowl, whisk together oil, peanut butter, brown sugar and eggs. Add carrots, walnuts and coconut, stirring until combined.nADD flour mixture and mix until combined batter will be stiff. Spoon into prepared muffin tins, filling them 23 full.nBAKE 25 to 30 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean. Cool 5 to 10 minutes. Carefully place on cooling rack and cool completely.nBEAT together frosting ingredients until fluffy. Spread on cooled cupcakes., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 12 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 1 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 34 cups finely shredded carrots, 13 cup finely chopped walnuts, 12 cup sweetened coconut, 1 3 oz. package cream cheese, softened, 14 cup Criscou00ae AllVegetable Shortening OR 14 cupunsalted butter, softened, 14 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 2 cups powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Hippity Hop Cupcakes, picturelink: gltVMUOf54yNP08DSABSv7mTWlM2q0m}, 55188: {instructions: While the spaghetti cooks in salted boiling water, prepare the sauce. Heat up some olive oil in a large saucepan. Add the garlic and chili pepper, to taste. When the garlic is golden, add the anchovies, olives, capers, and walnuts.nLet the mixture cook for about 1 minute before pouring the crushed plum tomatoes into the pan. Cook for approximately 10 minutes on medium heat.nAbout a minute before the al dente stage, drain the spaghetti and add it to the saucepan, allowing it to finish cooking in the sauce. Sprinkle the spaghetti with freshly chopped parsley and transfer to a warm plate. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, Chili pepper fresh or dried, 4 anchovy filets, coarsely chopped, 12 black olives, pitted, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped, 1 14 to 15ounce can plum tomatoes with juices, crushed, Fresh flat leaf parsley, finely chopped], title: Nonna Marias Spaghetti alla Puttanesca, picturelink: null}, 55189: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup standard muffin tin with cupcake liners.nPrepare the cake mix according to the package directions. Divide the batter evenly among the prepared muffin cups. Bake until done according to the directions.nCool the cupcakes on a rack in the tin for 10 minutes, then remove them from the tin. Cool on the rack completely before decorating.nMeanwhile, combine the butter, sugar and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. Mix on low speed until mostly incorporated. Add the vanilla, increase the speed to mediumhigh and mix until smooth. Adjust the consistency with milk as desired. Fit a large pastry bag with a 13inch diameter plain round tip or snip the tip of a large resealable plastic bag to make a 13inch diameter hole, and fill the bag with icing. When the cupcakes are cool, hold the bag vertically with the tip pointing down at the center of each cupcake, and pipe a mound of icing onto each cupcake without lifting or moving the bag, so that the icing spreads to the edges, then finally lift the bag to form a mound on top.nFit a small pastry bag with a small plain pastry tip, or use a small resealable plastic bag. Place the chocolate chips in a microwavesafe bowl microwave, stirring every 20 seconds, until just melted. Transfer the chocolate to the prepared bag. If using the plastic bag, snip the very tip off so you can pipe the desired size. Pipe two dots for eyes on one flat side of each marshmallow, and a row of five dots for a smile. Pipe a little bit of frosting on top of the marshmallow head to glue the peppermint patty on top. Place a dot of chocolate on top of the patty hat to form a button. Place each decorated marshmallow head on the center of each mound of icing. Pipe 3 chocolate dots under the head to form buttons. Pipe two arms coming out of the snowman shoulders., ingredients: [1 box white cake mix plus ingredients needed to make the cake according to the box instructions, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups confectioners sugar from a 1pound box, Pinch fine salt, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 ounce about 14 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 regularsized marshmallows, 12 chocolatecovered peppermint candies, such as York Peppermint Patties], title: Snowman Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 55190: {instructions: For the batter: Beat all batter ingredients together in a mediumsized bowl. Set aside.nFor the French Toast: Slice the baguette into 18 thick slices. Soak the slices in the batter for about 3 minutes, turning to coat evenly on each side. Heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Lift the bread from the batter and place it in the hot pan. Add only enough slices to fit easily in the pan. Saute on both sides until golden brown. Keep warm until all slices have been cooked.nPlace 3 slices on each plate. Drizzle with warm Bourbon Vanilla Custard. Garnish with chocolate syrup and Kentucky Bourbon Whipped Cream. Top with sliced strawberries and toasted pecan halves. Serve immediately.nHeat halfandhalf and whipping cream in a small saucepan over low heat, until the mixture begins to simmer. Remove from heat and set aside.nWhisk egg yolks, sugar and cornstarch in a stainless steel bowl for about 2 minutes or until the mixture thickens and lightens in color. Slowly pour the hot cream into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Return the custard to the saucepan and place over low heat. Stir constantly until the mixture reaches 170 degrees F. Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla and bourbon. Serve immediately or hold over a hot water bath.nWhip cream in well chilled mixing bowl just until soft peaks form. Add powdered sugar and bourbon and whip just long enough to incorporate. Taste and adjust flavors. Chill until ready for use., ingredients: [6 eggs, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 16ounce loaf firm textured bread, preferably a baguette, Canola oil, for frying, Bourbon Vanilla Custard, recipe follows, Chocolate syrup, Kentucky Bourbon Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 pint fresh sliced strawberries, 1 cup toasted pecan halves, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 13 cup Kentucky bourbon, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons Kentucky bourbon], title: Bourbon Ball French Toast, picturelink: XjdlWxYJInhd7nn9CIhLBADMJRfdIC}, 55191: {instructions: For the marinade: In a large bowl, mix 1 cup water, the liquid smoke, beer, chile flakes, sea salt, Italian seasoning, pepper and bay leaves. Place the ribs in a hotel pan and pour the marinade over. Marinate the ribs overnight.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bake the ribs in the oven, semislow and low, for 3 12 to 4 hours.nPull out the ribs, and rest them for 1 hour, reserving any liquids at the bottom of the pan.nFor the sauce: In a large bowl mix the au jus from the baked ribs, the ketchup, honey, cayenne, horseradish, sugar, smoke and some salt and pepper.nPreheat the grill to 350 degrees F. To serve, grill to char the ribs, 5 to 8 minutes. Add on some of the barbeque sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 cup liquid smoke, 6 ounces dark, heavy beer, 2 ounces chile flakes, 2 ounces sea salt, 2 ounces Italian seasoning, 1 ounce freshly ground black pepper, 4 bay leaves, 2 racks buffalo ribs about 5 pounds each, 4 cups ketchup, 1 cup honey, 2 ounces cayenne, 2 ounces horseradish, 2 ounces brown sugar, 2 ounces liquid smoke, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Loulous Buffalo Ribs, picturelink: null}, 55192: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners.nPulse the pistachios, flour, baking powder and salt in a food processor until finely ground.nWhisk the confectioners sugar and eggs in a large bowl, then whisk in the pistachio mixture until just combined. Stir in the melted butter until just incorporated.nSpoon 2 tablespoons batter into each muffin cup. Bake until slightly puffed and just beginning to set, about 8 minutes. Place 1 or 2 cherries in the center of each cake and continue baking until the cakes feel springy and the edges are lightly browned, 10 to 12 more minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool 10 minutes in the pan, then remove from the pan to cool completely. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [12 cup pistachios, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 23 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 2 large eggs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 to 24 medium cherries with stems], title: CherryPistachio Tea Cakes, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 55193: {instructions: Turn the chicken breastside down. Use kitchen shears to cut out the backbone of the chicken. Flip the chicken back over and press it down flat with the palms of your hands against the cutting board to open it up like a book. Place the chicken in a large ziptop bag.nWhisk together the olive oil, fennel seeds, thyme, garlic, lemon zest and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Pour the marinade over the chicken and place in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours and up to 1 day.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nUse a clean tea towel and wipe the grill grates with oil. Remove the chicken from the marinade and place skinside down on the grill and close the lid. Grill until the skin is nice and golden and crisp, about 15 minutes.nOnce the chicken has nice golden grill marks, turn the grill to mediumlow heat. Flip the chicken again, close the grill lid and continue cooking until a thermometer reaches 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh, 20 to 25 minutes longer. Check the chicken occasionally to make sure its not burning and rotate as necessary.nCut into 6 to 8 pieces before serving. Serve the chicken on a platter with the Simple Green Salad.nAdd the greens to large bowl. Add the mustard and lemon juice to another bowl. Drizzle in the olive oil while whisking to emulsify. Season the dressing with salt and pepper. Toss the greens with the dressing and transfer to a platter., ingredients: [One 3 12pound chicken, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for greasing grill, 2 teaspoons lightly crushed fennel seeds, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, Zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Simple Green Salad, for serving, recipe follows, 5 ounces spring mixed greens, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butterfly Chicken with Lemon and Thyme, picturelink: xUk9aGrM0vLQzRhRTmmMtVWv5LaDtyW}, 55194: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace cleaned mushroom caps in large ziptop bag with salad dressing, garlic, and 2 teaspoons fines herbs. Seal bag and massage gently to combine ingredients. Marinate 30 minutes to 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 375 degree F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with olive oil cooking spray set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine remaining 1 teaspoon fines herbes, Parmesan, bread crumbs, and melted butter set aside.nRemove mushroom caps from marinade and place on prepared baking sheet. Fill each cap with 1 to 2 tablespoons green bean casserole. Top with a heaping spoonful of bread crumb mixture. Roast in preheated oven for 15 to 18 minutes or until golden. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 portobello mushroom caps, about 3inch diameter, 1 cup oil and vinegar salad dressing, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic, 3 teaspoons fines herbes recommended: Spice Island, Olive oil cooking spray, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons Italian bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 1 12 cups leftover green bean casserole], title: Green Bean Stuffed Portobellos, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 55195: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nButter 4 8inch oval ramekin molds and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place the fish in the molds, add approximately 3 tablespoons of creme fraiche on top of each fish, and season with salt and pepper. Slice the Camembert and cover the top of each dish with a few slices. Bake for 15 minutes., ingredients: [4 7ounce turbot fillets, 8 ounces creme fraiche, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 4ounce pieces Camembert, 8 ounces butter, Salt and pepper], title: Camembert with Fish, picturelink: null}, 55196: {instructions: For the beef: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F200 degrees C. Drizzle the beef with the oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Weigh the meat and roast it for 12 minutes for the first pound and 10 minutes for each additional pound. For 2 pounds1 kg, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and let sit at least 10 minutes before slicing.nFor the remoulade sauce: Whisk together the mustard, anchovy paste, vinegar and egg yolk in a bowl. Add the olive oil, drop by drop, whisking constantly. Whisk in the peanut oil. The mixture should be very thick. Stir in the gherkins, capers, tarragon, chervil and parsley. Adjust the quantities of any of these to suit your taste. Grind in some pepper. Taste, and adjust the seasonings with salt and squirts of lemon juice.nServe the remoulade sauce spooned over the beef., ingredients: [1 beef tenderloin about 2 pounds1 kg, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 12 teaspoon tarragon vinegar, 1 egg yolk, 14 cup60 ml olive oil, 34 cup175 ml peanut or safflower oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped gherkins, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chervil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground pepper, Salt, Lemon juice], title: Roast Beef Tenderloin with Remoulade Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55197: {instructions: In a skillet over medium heat, toast the cinnamon, peppercorns, cumin, paprika, red pepper flakes, and cloves until they start to smoke. Remove from the heat and grind in a spice grinder.nIn a bowl large enough to accommodate the chicken, add the oil, spice mix, garlic, ginger, cilantro, bay leaves and saffron. Mix to a paste. Add chicken, rubbing the marinade over all the pieces. Cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and reserve marinade. Pat chicken dry and season with salt and pepper. In a tagine or large casserole over medium high heat add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Put in chicken pieces and lightly brown on both sides, about 5 minutes. Add onions and cook until just starting to brown, about 3 minutes. Rinse preserved lemon well. Scoop out flesh and discard cut peel into strips and add to pan. Add reserved marinade, olives, and chicken stock. Cover tightly and cook over medium low heat for 30 to 35 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. Remove bay leaf and discard. Taste juices and adjust seasoning. Place chicken on a warm platter. Spoon juices with the preserved lemon, olives, and onions over chicken and serve accompanied by Couscous with Apricots.nWash lemons well and dry them. Cut 4 lemons into quarters from the top, being careful not to cut all the way through. Pack salt generously into the cuts and place lemon into a sterilized glass pint jar. Continue procedure, packing the lemons into the jar as tightly as possible. Squeeze juice from remaining lemons. Add another 2 tablespoons of salt to the jar and top off with the lemon juice, make sure the lemons are completely covered. Close the jar with a nonmetallic lid and set aside in a cool, dark place or the refrigerator for one month. Preserved lemons will keep for 1 year. Refrigerate after opening.nYield: about 4 lemonsnPrep Time: 20 minutesnCook Time: nonenInactive Prep Time: 1 monthnPut the couscous in a medium bowl pour the hot stock over it and stir to combine. Cover and let sit for 10 to 15 minutes. Uncover and fluff with a fork. Add the apricots, scallions, and orange juice drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine. Garnish with chopped parsley.nYield: 4 to 6 servingsnPrep Time: 10 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 15 minutes, ingredients: [1 cinnamon stick, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon sweet or hot paprika, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon whole cloves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for frying, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh ginger, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 bay leaves, 1 large pinch saffron, 1 3 12 to 4 pound freerange chicken, cut into 10 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 1 preserved lemon, recipe follows, 12 cup cracked green olives, 1 cup chicken stock, Couscous with Apricots, recipe follows, 6 to 8 lemons, unwaxed, 2 cups kosher salt, 1 12 cups couscous, 2 cups hot chicken stock, 10 dried apricots, chopped, 2 scallions, sliced thin, green parts only, 1 orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Chicken Tagine with Green Olives and Preserved Lemon, picturelink: xglSOuVL0WFvfNFQeyrLyzHA4ehrB1i}, 55198: {instructions: Preheat oven to 370 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, place the beef, bread crumbs, scallions, onions, green peppers, garlic, eggs, black pepper, salt, meatloaf seasoning, beef gravy, and Cheddar. Using a wooden spoon, mix the ingredients until they are evenly distributed.nTurn the meat mixture out into a large roasting pan. Form into a loaf shape. Cover the pan with aluminum foil, and bake for 1 12 hours.nRemove the roasting pan with the loaf from the oven, quickly closing the door to keep the oven hot. Remove the aluminum foil. Spread the top and sides of the loaf with the tomato paste. Roast, uncovered, for another 15 to 20 minutes, or until an inserted meat thermometer reaches 155 degrees F.nLet meatloaf rest for 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [5 pounds ground beef, 6 slices stale white loaf bread, crushed into bread crumbs, 5 scallions, medium dice, 1 cup medium dice yellow onions, 1 cup medium dice green peppers, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Salt, 2 ounces meatloaf seasoning, One 12ounce jar beef gravy, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, optional, One 16ounce can tomato paste], title: Jyds Moms Down Home Juicy Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 55199: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 muffin cupsnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSift the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt together onto a sheet of parchment paper.nIn a large bowl beat the eggs, yolks and sugar together. Add the melted butter, vanilla and buttermilk to the mixture.nAdd the dry ingredients gradually into the batter. Mix until smooth. It will appear light and fluffy.nLadle and divide the batter evenly among muffin cups and bake for about 18 minutes, or until a toothpick tester comes out clean. Let cupcakes cool on a wire rack for 15 minutes before frosting.nFor the frosting: Beat the butter and cream cheese until creamy. Add confectioners sugar slowly, while mixing in melted chocolate and vanilla extract., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, room temperature, 2 large yolks, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 stick butter, softened, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Buttermilk Cupcakes with Chocolate Icing, picturelink: BUa6PeanITRpOKAyN84gIP1XFGG6}}