{55200: {instructions: Saute ground beef with diced onions and sliced mushrooms. Do not drain meat, onions or mushrooms. Add the garlic powder to the undiluted cream of mushroom soup and stir well. Add soup mixture to the meat, mushrooms, and onions in pan, and add the chopped red peppers, stirring until thoroughly mixedjuices will hold it together.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit.nInto individual crocks or bowls, spread the frozen green beans on bottom of each crock green peas may be substituted. Fill crocks with meat mixture. Top each crock with 1 cup of mashed potatoes, in a big dollop or piped through a pastry bag to make them more elegant. Bake until potatoes are crisp and slightly browned, about 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound freshly ground beef, 80 to 20 percent beef to fat, 1 onion, chopped, 12 pound mushrooms, sliced, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, One 12ounce can cream of mushroom soup, 1 small can red peppers diced and drained, 12 cup fresh frozen green beans, 4 cups mashed potatoes, Salt and pepper], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: null}, 55201: {instructions: Bake whole, unskinned beets for 1 12 to 2 hours at 425 degrees F longer if they are more than 3 inches in diameter. To avoid a messy oven, place a sheet of aluminum foil on the rack below to catch the natural juice drippings.nRemove from oven and allow to cool.nPeel off and discard skin. Then slice and dice beets finely.nCombine oil, vinegar, orange juice, pepper, and tarragon in a bowl. Add beets, cheese, and nuts and toss gently.nTo serve, spoon a tablespoon of beet salad onto each endive leaf., ingredients: [3 mediumsize beets, tops trimmed, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons fresh tarragon optional, stems discarded before measuring, chopped finely, 1 ounce strong goat cheese, diced into 18inch cubes, 14 cup toasted hazelnuts or walnuts, 2 Belgian endives, separated and washed If you can not find endives, replace with the very inside section of a head of romaine lettuce or good old reliable flaky butter crackers], title: Gee, Your Beet Smells Terrific, picturelink: null}, 55202: {instructions: Prepare the slaw: In a medium bowl, mix together the cabbage, garlic, onion, jalapeno, vinegar, mustard, mayonnaise, sugar, salt, Worcestershire sauce and ShaSha Sauce. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour.nMake the burgers: Build a charcoal fire or heat a gas grill. On a work surface, combine the meats and form the burgers into 4 equalsize patties. Season liberally with salt and pepper.nGrill the burgers over high heat until medium rare, 3 to 5 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, heat a large saute pan over medium heat. Place 4 heaping piles of pastrami in the pan. After 2 minutes, top each pile with a slice of Swiss cheese. Remove them when the cheese is melted set aside.nPour the butter into the pan. Place the buns in the pan, cutside down, and toast, about 2 minutes.nPlace a heaping tablespoonful of the slaw on the bottom half of each bun. Top with a burger and a mound of pastrami and cheese. Cover each with the top half of the bun and serve immediately.nIn a food processor, puree the peppers, garlic, mustard and vinegar.nPour the puree into a nonreactive saucepan, then add the sugar and bring it to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer the mixture for 30 minutes.nIn a small bowl or juice glass, mix the flour and 12 cup water to make a smooth paste. Whisk it into the pepper mixture and continue to simmer for 20 minutes, stirring regularly, until it becomes very thick. Let the sauce cool, then pour it into a covered nonreactive container such as a glass jar. The sauce can be refrigerated for up to 1 month.nPhotograph by Andrew Mccaul, ingredients: [12 head napa cabbage, shredded, 12 clove garlic, minced, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 fresh jalapeno pepper, minced, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon ShaSha Sauce below, 12 pound ground sirloin, 12 pound ground brisket, 12 pound ground boneless short rib or use 1 12 pounds ground beef total, 75 to 80 lean, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound pastrami, thinly sliced, 4 slices Swiss cheese, medium thick, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 brioche or egg buns, split, 12 hot banana peppers from a jar, tops removed, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 1 cup yellow mustard, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Fat Doug Burger, picturelink: h0jPd5MF9KFSePtkd.w2g2pGxExu}, 55203: {instructions: Many markets sell halved melons and wedges of watermelon, making it easy to prepare this salad closer to desired amounts.nCombine lime juice, tequila, liqueur, and sugar in a bowl. Add melons and toss to coat with tequila and lime. Serve in shallow bowls., ingredients: [2 limes, juiced, 2 shots tequila, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 3 teaspoons sugar, 12 cantaloupe, seeded and cubed, 14 honey dew melon, seeded and cubed, 14 small watermelon, cubed], title: Margarita Melon Salad, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 55204: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Grease an 8inch springform pan and line the bottom with parchment paper.nPlace the one pound of chocolate in a large heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water and stir occasionally until the chocolate is melted. Off the heat, immediately stir in the butter, flour, sugar, coffee granules and salt with a rubber spatula. Whisk in the egg yolks until smooth.nPlace the egg whites in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat until they form soft peaks. Scrape the egg whites into the chocolate mixture and fold them in very carefully with a rubber spatula, just until combined. Scrape the mixture into the prepared pan, smooth the top and bake for 15 minutes exactly. Be sure your oven temperature is accuratenTurn the oven off and leave the cake in the oven, leaving the door slightly ajar. Allow the cake to cool in the oven for 1 hour. The cake will sink in the middle.nCarefully release the sides of the pan and slide the cake onto a flat serving plate or cake stand. Place the 3 ounces of chocolate and the heavy cream in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water and heat just until the chocolate melts, stirring occasionally. Add a drop of cream if the mixture is too thick to pour. Pour the chocolate onto the sunken part of the cake, leaving the edge unfrosted. Allow to cool and serve warm or at room temperature with a scoop of ice cream.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 pound plus 3 ounces bittersweet chocolate, such as Lindt, broken into chunks, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Cup4Cup glutenfree flour, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon instant coffee granules, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, separated, 14 cup heavy cream, Vanilla or coffee ice cream, for serving], title: Decadent GlutenFree Chocolate Cake, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 55205: {instructions: Like miniature shortcakes, these tarts are easy to prepare in advance. If you intend to serve them outdoors in warm weather, serve the whipped cream on the side.nFor the dough, beat the butter and sugar with the paddle on medium speed until very soft and light. Beat in the vanilla and the yolk and continue beating until smooth and shiny, about 3 more minutes. Stop the mixer, sift the cake flour and add to the butter mixture. Pulse the mixer on and off to incorporate the flour. Scrape the dough onto a piece of plastic, wrap and chill it until firm. Roll the chilled cookie dough 18inch thick on a floured surface. Line 4inch tart pans with the disks of dough. Fill the tart shell with dried beans and bake at 325 degrees about 25 to 20 minutes, until pale golden. Cool off the pans. Remove from pans and remove beans. Arrange on a clean, papercovered pan. Whip the cream with the sugar until it holds its shape. Spread jam in the bottom of the tart shells. Make alternating concentric rows of raspberries, blueberries and piped rosettes of whipped cream in the tart shells. Pipe the whipped cream with a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch star tube Ateco 4. Serve the rest of the cream on the side., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg yolk, 1 14 cups cake flour, 1 cup cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup seedless raspberry jam, 1 basket raspberries, 1 basket blueberries], title: Red, White and Blue Tarts, picturelink: null}, 55206: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make a caramel: In a small saucepan, combine 1 12 cups of the sugar and the water and cook over low heat, do not stir, until it turns into caramel, about 15 to 20 minutes. Immediately pour caramel into 9inch baking pan to about 14inch deep.nSplit open vanilla bean, using back of knife scrape out the inside seeds. In a medium bowl, mix together the milk, eggs, remaining 1 12 cups sugar, and the vanilla seeds. Strain through a fine sieve and pour on top of caramel in the pan. Place pan in a roasting pan half way filled with water. Bake until the cream is set and does not move when shaken, about 40 minutes. Let set in the refrigerator overnight and serve by turning the creme caramel upside down onto a plate, allowing the caramel to coat it., ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 13 cup water, 1 vanilla bean, 1 13 cups whole milk, 8 large eggs], title: Creme Caramel, picturelink: null}, 55207: {instructions: Cook the rapini in boiling salted water for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain.nIn a saucepan, heat 4 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. Add the garlic and chili peppers, and cook until the garlic is golden brown. Add the rapini to the saucepan, and saute for a few minutes. Season with salt to taste.nIn another saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil, and add the sausages. Cook the sausage for a few minutes, turning frequently, before piercing with a knife in order to release some of the fat. If the sausages are sticking to the pan, add a few tablespoons of water instead of adding more oil. Continue cooking until the sausages are golden brown and fully cooked.nAdd the cooked sausages to the rapini, and cook together for a few minutes. Transfer the mixture to a warm plate and serve hot., ingredients: [Large bunch of rapini or broccoli rabe, cleaned and cut in half, Salt, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, Whole chilies, 8 3ounce pork sausage links], title: Salsiccia Con Cima Di Rapa: Sausage with Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 55208: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, heat olive oil on mediumlow and add garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, until garlic is soft but not brown. Add mushrooms and season with salt and pepper and then raise the heat to mediumhigh, stirring to incorporate the garlic and seasonings. Cook, tossing occasionally, until mushrooms render their liquid and begin to brown, about six minutes.nRaise the heat to high, add the sherry and cook, stirring, to continue browning the mushrooms and evaporate the wine. Remove from heat, adjust seasoning and serve immediately., ingredients: [14cup extra virgin olive oil, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 23lb. very fresh white button mushrooms, wiped clean, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Tbs. dry Spanish fino or oloroso sherry], title: Garlic Mushrooms TapasStyle, picturelink: null}, 55209: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the oil and bacon. Stir in the garlic, bell pepper, squash, tomato paste, bouillon cube, and water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat, cover with a lid and simmer for about 10 minutes. Add the beans and simmer for another 10 minutes. Serve over White Rice, garnished with cilantro.nIn a medium pot, bring the water to a boil over high heat and add the oil and salt. Stir in the rice, cover with a lid and let cook over mediumlow heat for about 20 minutes. Lower the heat for the last 5 minutes. The rice should be soft and fluffy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 strip bacon, sliced, 12 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup chopped green bell pepper, 12 cup chopped acorn squash, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 large chicken bouillon cube, crumbled, 12 cup water, One 15ounce can red beans, drained, White Rice, recipe follows, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup mediumgrain rice], title: Red Beans and Rice  Habichuela, picturelink: null}, 55210: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Place a rack in a roasting pan or on a baking sheet.nRinse the chicken in cold water pat dry. In a wide bowl or on a plate, season the flour with salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Dredge each chicken piece through the flour so its fully coated, tap against the bowl to shake off excess flour and set aside. Discard the flour.nHere comes the part kids like best: Crush the cornflakes by placing them in a big resealable plastic bag, carefully pressing the bag to push out the air. Seal up the bag with as little air inside as possible and run over the flakes with a rolling pin. Open the bag and pour the crushed flakes into a wide bowl or onto a plate.nIn a large bowl big enough to dredge the chicken pieces, mix the buttermilk, mustard, cayenne pepper, paprika and sage. Give each floured chicken piece a good buttermilk bath and then roll in the cornflake crumbs.nArrange the chicken pieces on the rack and place in the hot oven. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes, lower the heat to 375 degrees and cook for another 25 to 30 minutes, until cooked through and crispy. The juices should run clear when the meat is pierced with a knife. Serve with Easy Greens.nPer serving: Calories 520 Fat 22 g Sat. 6 g Mono. 9 g Poly. 5 g Cholesterol 136 mg Sodium 1,040 mg Carbohydrate 41 g Fiber 1.5 g Protein 40 gnBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add 2 pounds hearty greens escarole, chicory, mustard greens or a combination, large stems trimmed, slightly cover the pot and cook until tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain greens in a colander, then let cool about 10 minutes. Drizzle with 3 tablespoons each extravirgin olive oil and lemon juice season with salt and pepper.nPer serving: Calories 130 Fat 10.5 g Sat. 1.5 g Mono. 7.4 g Poly. 1.2 g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 27.5 mg Carbohydrate 9 g Fiber 7 g Protein 2.5 g, ingredients: [8 chicken pieces preferably 2 breasts, 2 thighs, 2 legs and 2 wings, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cups cornflakes, 23 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 34 teaspoon ground sage, Serving suggestion: Easy Greens, recipe follows], title: Crispy Baked Fried Chicken, picturelink: WXGL2H9sqReHp.YUf0jnFcy7pkHR6}, 55211: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the sesame oil over medium heat. Saute the onion and garlic until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the bacon and cook until it has rendered its fat and begins to crisp, about 5 minutes.nAdd the edamame, corn and bell pepper and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with 12 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon white pepper. Remove from the heat and serve hot.nPhotograph by Yunhee KimnFrom Food Network Star: The Official Insiders Guide to Americas Hottest Food Show By Ian Jackman. Copyright c 2011 By Food Network. By arrangement with William Morris CookbooksHarperCollins Publishers., ingredients: [2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 12 cup finely diced red onion, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 strips 1 12 ounces applewoodsmoked bacon, finely chopped  cup, 1 cup 6 ounces frozen edamame, thawed, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, from 1 small ear, 14 cup smalldiced red bell pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Edamame Succotash, picturelink: XXPX3uqXO0TQPMPLLQFB5J.AzRhMtM6}, 55212: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSet a rack inside a baking sheet.nSeason the swordfish with sea salt and the Fennel Spice Rub, pressing the spices into the flesh. Tie the swordfish crosswise at 3 evenly spaced places not imperative but it will hold together a little easier.nHeat the olive oil in a 12inch skillet over medium heat. Brown the swordfish on all sides, turning occasionally, about 15 minutes total.nPlace the swordfish on the rack inside the baking sheet and roast until the internal temperature reaches 120 degrees F, or about 30 minutes. Allow the fish to rest at room temperature for 10 minutes before carving. Cut the strings to remove, and carve the swordfish crosswise into 12inch slices.nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. Watch carefully as they can easily burn.nWhen light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze.nYield: about 1 14 cups, ingredients: [3 pounds boneless, skinless centercut swordfish loin, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 2 tablespoons Fennel Spice Rub, recipe follows, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Prime Rib of Swordfish, picturelink: null}, 55213: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Add the chicken and cook about 4 minutes per side, or until cooked through and juices run clear. Remove the chicken and set aside. To the same pan, add the spinach and cook just until wilted, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside. Lower the heat to medium and add the balsamic vinegar and chicken broth to the pan and stir, scraping the bottom of the pan to remove any browned bits. Add the tomatoes, bring to a simmer and cook 3 to 5 minutes.nPlace the couscous in a serving bowl. Top with the spinach, chicken and balsamictomato sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, halved, 8 ounces baby spinach, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 13 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup lowsodium canned chopped tomatoes with juice, 2 cups whole wheat couscous, cooked], title: Balsamic Chicken with Baby Spinach, picturelink: HymUhvAk6nduvzoWYue8FTX6JHXMHC}, 55214: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSift together all dry ingredients in a large bowl and mix to combine. Cut in the shortening using a pastry blender or 2 forks. Lightly beat egg in a measuring cup and add milk until the mixture reaches 78 cup, then add vanilla. Stir the liquid ingredients to dry and blend until just combined. Pour the batter into a greased 8inch cake pan, level with a spatula, and bake for 20 minutes, or until golden and a cake tester comes out clean.nServe with a dollop of whipped cream and a spoonful of strawberries., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 3 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons solid shortening recommended: Crisco, 1 large egg, Milk approximately 34 cup, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups heavy cream, whipped, 34 pound strawberries, washed, sliced, and macerated in a bit of sugar], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 55215: {instructions: Squeeze as much water as possible out of the defrosted spinach. In a medium bowl, stir all the ingredients together until evenly combined.nWe found the olives in our store to be very hot. Taste as you add this ingredient., ingredients: [1 10ounce package frozen spinach, defrosted, 1 pint 2 cups mascarpone, at room temperature, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 3 to 4 tablespoons pitted hot pepper green olives, chopped fine, Squeeze lemon juice, Red and green bell peppers, squared bottoms, Purple cabbage, ruffled leaves and hollowed out, Radicchio, ruffled leaves and hollowed out, Green cabbage, ruffled leaves and hollowed out, Mini carrots, Icicle radishes, Treviso leaves, Cucumber spears, Cherry tomatoes and green cocktail olives each on sticks, Focaccia strips, Bread sticks bakery, Bagel chips, for dip], title: Green Olive and Mascarpone Dip, picturelink: null}, 55216: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 12 portion muffin tins with paper cupcake liners and set aside.nIn a bowl, using an electric mixer, mix the cake mix, water, oil, eggs, and coconut extract on medium speed until moistened and smooth. Stir in the chopped coconut. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin tins. The batter will nearly fill each liner to the top. Bake until the muffins spring back when lightly touched, or a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nWhen cool, put the icing out with spoons or small spatulas along with bowls of the cupcake toppings for the kids to decorate their own cupcakes.nIn the bowl of a large electric mixer, using the paddle attachment, whip the butter on high speed until very soft. Meanwhile, place a large sheet of parchment paper on a work surface. Using a large sifter, sift a pound of confectioners sugar onto the parchment. This helps prevent clumping, and makes the mixing easier. Lower the speed of the mixer, and, using the parchment as a funnel, pour the sugar into the bowl and mix slowly until combined. Add the milk and mix until combined. Sift the second pound of sugar onto the parchment sheet. Again at low speed, add the sugar and mix well. Once combined, sift the remaining sugar and add it with the vanilla and mix. Once it is combined, turn the mixer speed up and beat the icing until very light and fluffy, about 3 to 4 minutes.nIf desired, divide the icing into smaller batches and color with food coloring.nSpread the icing on cooled cupcakes while at room temperature. Refrigerate any leftover icing, but be sure to let it come back to room temperature before using. Rewhip the icing to make it fluffy again.nYield: about 8 cups, enough for at least 6 dozen cupcakesnPrep Time: 10 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [1 box classic white or vanilla cake mix recommended: Duncan Hines Moist Deluxe, 1 13 cups water, 13 cup vegetable oil, 3 eggs, 2 teaspoons coconut extract found on the baking aisle of the supermarket, 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut, finely chopped, 2 to 3 cups Cupcake Icing, recipe follows, colored with your favorite color, Licorice whips, Crushed peppermint candies, Crushed lemon drops, Multicolored jimmies or nonpareils, Mini white and dark chocolate chips, Small chocolate candies, Colored decorating sugars, Cereals such as corn pops, fruit rings, or graham cracker cereal squares, or graham cracker cereal squares, 1 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 pounds confectioners sugar 3 boxes, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, Food coloring, such as yellow, blue, and red, or your favorite], title: Quickie Coconut Cupcakes, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 55217: {instructions: Heat the cooked chicken, seasoning and water on medium heat until the liquid thickens and gets absorbed into the chicken. Set aside.nCombine the cheese, red peppers and jalapenos in a blender until finely chopped. Place in a mixing bowl and stir in corn, scallions, beans, and chicken mixture. Combine well and set aside.nWhisk together the egg and water and set aside. Place wonton or egg roll wrappers on a flat surface and brush the outer edges with egg wash mixture. If youre using wonton wrappers, attach 2 together with egg wash mixture to make a longer rectangle. Place 2 heaping tablespoons of Mex mixture onto wrapper and spread into a log shape. Fold over ends of wrapper approximately 12inch to cover ends of log shaped mixture. After ends are turned in, roll up and seal.nDeepfry the Mini Mex Rolls in canola oil heated to 375 degrees F until they float. Remove and drain, and allow to cool for several minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 chicken breast, cooked and finely chopped, 14 cup taco seasoning, 12 cup water, 1 12 cups shredded pepper Jack cheese, 12 cup diced roasted red pepper, 12 cup chopped pickled jalapenos, 12 cup corn, 1 scallion, chopped, 12 cup black beans, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons water, Wonton or egg roll wrappers, Canola oil, for frying], title: Mini Mex Rolls, picturelink: null}, 55218: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan combine sugar, water and cream of tartar. Slowly bring mixture to a boil, stirring sides of the saucepan with a brush dipped in water to remove any sugar crystals. Cover and boil for about 3 minutes or until a candy thermometer registers 245 degrees.nBeat egg whites with pinch of salt until glossy and peaked. Slowly pour in syrup as you continue to beat the whites. Beat until cool and frosting is soft and fluffy. Fold in vanilla., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 23 cup water, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3 egg whites, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Fluffy Boiled Icing, picturelink: null}, 55219: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the creme fraiche and espresso and bring to a boil over medium heat. As soon as it boils, turn off the heat. Meanwhile, put the chopped bittersweet chocolate in a medium bowl. Strain the hot creme fraiche mixture into the bowl. Whisk until the chocolate is melted and the mixture is smooth. Cover and let rest in a cool place overnight. The mixture will become firm but not too hard to pipe easily.nThe next day, using a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip, pipe bitesize kisses of the mixture onto parchment paperlined baking sheets. Refrigerate briefly just until set, about 30 minutes. Use your palm to gently press down the point that sticks up on each truffle. Transfer to the freezer and freeze until hard, 2 to 3 hours or overnight.nIn the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, melt the semisweet chocolate. It should be liquid, but not so hot that you cant touch it if it is too hot for you, wear disposable surgical gloves. Spread the cocoa powder out on a sheet pan with sides. Working in 2 batches if necessary to avoid crowding the pan of cocoa, dip the frozen truffle centers 1 at a time into the melted chocolate, shake off any excess, and set them down in the cocoa. When all the truffle centers are dipped and the chocolate has started to set, gently but thoroughly shake the sheet pan to roll the truffles around in the cocoa until coated. Carefully remove to another sheet pan and refrigerate, uncovered, 30 minutes. You can sift the unused cocoa and use it for another purpose. Transfer to an airtight container and keep chilled until almost ready to serve. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups creme fraiche or sour cream., 2 tablespoons espresso coffee, finely ground, 12 ounces bestquality bittersweet chocolate, chopped with a heavy knife, 1 12 pounds semisweet chocolate, 1 12 cups unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder], title: Gales Famous Truffles, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 55220: {instructions: Special equipment: 20 to 25 wooden skewers, soaked in waternPreheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat.nTo make the peanut sauce, put the peanut butter in a blender with the soy sauce, honey, ginger, red pepper flakes, chili oil and lime juice. Add 14 cup very hot water as you blend the mixture. Check the consistency and add a little more hot water if needed to make it very smooth. Transfer the sauce to a small dish, cover it with plastic wrap and set aside.nBrush the grill with oil. Thread the chicken onto the skewers and grill on both sides until the chicken is done in the middle, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove to a serving platter and sprinkle on the cilantro.nServe the skewers with dishes of the peanut sauce and a goodquality barbecue sauce for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup smooth peanut butter, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon hot chili oil, Juice of 2 limes, 14 cup very hot water, plus more if needed, Neutral oil, for the grill, 2 pounds chicken tenders, 12 cup minced fresh cilantro, Goodquality barbecue sauce, for serving], title: Grilled Chicken Skewers, picturelink: vcydGkQz0M8PzQ6Zdk3USUiXB7yHoi}, 55221: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut each squash in half and discard the seeds. Brush cut sides with 2 tablespoons of melted butter. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Arrange the squash cut side down on a rack placed in a baking tray and bake until tender, about 1 12 hours. Cool, scoop out the insides of the squash, and puree the flesh in a food processor. Reserve. You should have about 4 cups of pureed squash.nIn a medium stockpot, melt the remaining 4 tablespoons of butter. Over low heat, sweat the onion. Do not allow it to brown. Add the pureed squash and cook over very low heat until heated through, stirring occasionally. Do not allow it to bubble up. Season with the salt, pepper, ginger, and cardamom.nPour in the stock and bring to a boil, still over low heat, stirring often. Cook about 20 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, heat the cream with the rosemary sprig. Remove the rosemary and pour the cream into the soup. Transfer to a blender or food processor and process, in batches, for 2 or 3 minutes. Adjust the seasoning, to taste.nTo serve, ladle the soup into heated bowls. Place a tablespoon of cranberry relish in the center, top with a dollop of cardamom cream, then sprinkle with chopped pecans. Drizzle pumpkin seed oil over soup.nNote: If desired, bake small squash until tender, scoop out, and use as individual serving bowls.nIn a small saucepan, combine all the ingredients. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer. Continue to cook until the mixture is thick and the berries are glazed. Allow to cool. Transfer to a covered container and refrigerate until needed.nYield: 1 13 cupsnIn a deepfryer or a deep pot, heat the oil to 350 degrees. A deepfrying thermometer can be clipped to the side of the pan so that you can tell when the proper temperature has been reached.nMeanwhile, in a large saucepan bring 2 quarts of water to a boil. Add the pecans and boil for 2 minutes. Drain in a large strainer, shaking off all excess water. Sprinkle the salt and cayenne pepper over the nuts and then coat with the confectioners sugar, a little at a time, allowing the sugar to melt into the pecans. Toss the nuts by shaking the strainer, adding a little more sugar each time, until all the sugar is used and all the nuts are coated. Do not use hands or a spoon to toss. The nuts should have a glaze of sugar.nCarefully add the nuts to the heated oil, keeping the oil at 350 degrees. Cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove with a slotted spoon to a baking tray to cool.nYield: 2 cupsnIn a small saucepan, bring 1 cup of heavy cream and the cardamom to a boil. Reduce until only 14 cup remains. Allow to cool. Reserve.nWhip the remaining 1 cup of heavy cream until stiff peaks form. Stir in the reserved mixture. Chill until ready to serve.nYield: about 14 cup, ingredients: [3 34 pounds pumpkin or butternut squash, 1 acorn squash about 1 34 pounds, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 white onion about 4 ounces, peeled, trimmed, and finely diced, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 18 teaspoon ground cardamom, 4 cups chicken stock or vegetable stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 recipe cranberry relish, recipe follows, 1 recipe cardamom cream, recipe follows, 12 recipe spiced caramelized pecans, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons pumpkin seed oil, 2 cups fresh cranberries, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup verjus or 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 cups peanut oil, 2 cups pecan halves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup sifted confectioners sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon black cardamom seeds], title: Savory Squash Soup, picturelink: null}, 55222: {instructions: In a food processor combine the garlic, herbs, butter, salt, pepper and cayenne to taste and process until smooth. Alternately, finely chop together the garlic and the herbs and then in a bowl mix together with the butter, salt, pepper and cayenne.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the bread every 1 12inches along the entire length of the loaf. Spread each side of a slice with the butter mixture. Wrap loaf in aluminum foil and bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until heated through. Unwrap bread, bake for 5 minutes to brown top. Serve bread warm., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 14 cup packed fresh herb leaves, i.e. parsley, basil, thyme, oregano, etc., 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Cayenne, 1 loaf Italian or French bread], title: Fresh Herb and Garlic Bread, picturelink: null}, 55223: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMix thyme, sage, poultry seasoning, and garlic with canola oil. Rub seasoning mixture all over the turkey breast. Place onion, carrots, and celery on bottom of a roasting pan and top with turkey breast. Pour chicken broth over turkey and vegetables. Roast for 3 hours, or until the internal temperature of the breast reaches 160 degrees F. Discard vegetables. Let turkey stand for 5 minutes and then remove skin before eating., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons dried sage, 2 tablespoons dried poultry seasoning, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 7pound turkey breast, bone in, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 medium carrots, chopped, 4 celery stalks, chopped, 1 14ounce can chicken broth], title: Herbed Roasted Turkey Breast, picturelink: null}, 55224: {instructions: In a blender process the berries, frozen yogurt and milk until the mixture is smooth. Serve in a tall glass and garnish with extra berries, ingredients: [1 cup fresh raspberries or frozen raspberries, thawed and drained, 3 scoops chocolate frozen yogurt, 12 cup milk], title: Raspberry Chocolate Shakes, picturelink: null}, 55225: {instructions: Make the crust: Coat a 9inch pie plate with cooking spray. Pulse the flour, sugar and almonds in a food processor until combined. Add the carrots pulse until finely chopped. Add the butter, molasses, cinnamon, allspice and salt pulse until the dough comes together in large clumps. Dampen your hands and press the dough into the bottom and up the side of the prepared pie plate. Freeze until firm, at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the crust with foil, then fill with pie weights or dried beans. Bake until dry and set around the edge, about 20 minutes. Remove the weights and foil and continue baking until the bottom is dry, 8 to 10 more minutes. Let cool 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Wipe out the food processor. Add the canned pineapple, cream cheese, yogurt, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and allspice and puree until smooth. Add the egg and flour pulse until just combined.nPour the filling into the crust bake until the edge is set but the center still jiggles slightly, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Top with dried pineapple and sliced almonds.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup sliced almonds, 1 12 cups grated carrots about 3 medium, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon salt, For the filling and toppings:, 1 8ounce can crushed pineapple in juice, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 12 cup 2 plain Greek yogurt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Thinly sliced dried pineapple and sliced almonds, for topping], title: PineappleCarrot Cake Pie, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 55226: {instructions: Fry the grated coconut in a wok or a pan over medium heat until golden brown in color, about 5 minutes. Cool the coconut, and then finely grind.nCut the bird chiles into 2centimeterlong pieces and soak in warm water for 5 to 10 minutes to soften. Place the shallots, garlic, lemongrass, and bird chiles in a food processor and pulse. If you want a hotter rending, add more chiles. Or for a milder one, use less. With the processor running, add 12 cup water and process until a paste forms.nIn a heavy pan, add the prepared chili paste, beef, pork belly, coconut milk and about 34 cup water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is reduced and thick, about 30 minutes.nAdd the ground toasted coconut, salt, sugar and kaffir lime leaves. Cook for another 5 minutes. Taste and adjust seasonings. Serve the redang garnished chopped roasted peanuts and cilantro., ingredients: [34 cup grated unsweetened coconut, 4 bird chiles, optional, 4 teaspoons chili flakes, 10 shallots, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 lemongrass stalks, sliced, About 1pound lean beef top round, sliced into 1centimeter pieces, About 1pound pork belly, sliced into 1centimeter pieces, 1 14 cups coconut milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 kaffir lime leaves, torn, Chopped roasted peanuts, for serving, Chopped fresh cilantro, for serving], title: Beef Rendang, picturelink: null}, 55227: {instructions: Saute meat until nice and brown in butter, add in onion and saute until tender. Add diced plantains and cook until tender. Add all seasonings and cook until fragrant. Spread filling into large flour tortillas and roll. Lay side by side in an ovenproof pan and top with cheese. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until bubbly. Finish with salsa and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 large onion, 14 cup butter, 3 plantains, yellow, 1 tablespoon cumin, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon oregano, 1 tablespoon garlic, 8inch tortillas, 1 cup Jack cheese, Salsa], title: Burritos, picturelink: null}, 55228: {instructions: Season the strips of chicken breast with salt, pepper and the ground cumin. Heat a skillet with the olive oil until hot but not smoking. Add the chicken to the pan, spreading the chicken out to evenly cook the strips. Cook the chicken until golden brown, add the chopped shallots and continue to cook, giving the pan a good stiff flip every now and then. Add the honey and vinegar to the pan, removing chicken to plate while sauce is completed. Be careful of the volatile combination of hot honey and vinegar. Quickly stir in the chili paste and the stock, bring to the boil and reduce the sauce quickly by 14. Add the sour cream and heat until just below the boil, stir in the cilantro leaves, plate and garnish with the toasted pecans., ingredients: [1 pound chicken breast, all skin and bones removed, sliced into thin strips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon dried cumin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 12 cup clover honey, slightly warmed, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 3 tablespoons medium hot chili paste, Ancho chilies, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup sour cream, 4 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 12 cup pecans, roughly chopped and toasted], title: Sauteed Chicken Breast with Clover Honey and Chili, picturelink: null}, 55229: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease 2 9inch round cake pans.nMix all the ingredients together in the bowl of a standing mixer with a paddle attachment. Beat on low speed for 2 minutes. Divide batter between the prepared pans and bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in the pan a few minutes, and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely.nPlace 1 cooled cake onto a cake platter. Ice just the top half with the Crusting Buttercream Icing. Place the second cake on top. Lightly ice the sides and top of cake. Gently place your hands on top of the iced cake and press down softly. Doing this helps to mold the cake to the pressure of when the fondant goes onto the cake. It will deter the cake from getting a visible ring that will show through when fondant covers the cake.nAfter the fondant has sat in the fridge it will be hard. When ready to use, place in the microwave for a few seconds, maybe 10 seconds at a time, as to soften but not melt. Once its a little softer it will be ready to work with. Start kneading away on a powdered sugar covered surface just to wake it up a little.nFlour the surface and the rolling pin with powdered sugar. Roll the fondant to a thickness of about 14inch. Roll the fondant around the rolling pin to transfer it to the top of the cake. Use your fingers to position the fondant gently on top of the cake, smooth out the top and sides. Cut away the excess with a knife, using the bottom of the cake as the guide. With the extra fondant, cut out designs either by hand or using a cookie cutter. Place the designs onto the cake. Use a dab of water to act as the glue to adhere the designs to cake.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nCream the shortening in the bowl of a standing mixer with a paddle attachment. Add the vanilla and butter flavorings. Add the powdered coffee creamer to the water and stir. Once the coffee creamer is dissolved, add this mixture to the shortening and mix on low until the water is incorporated into the shortening. Slowly add the powdered sugar into the shortening, mixing on low speed.nCooks Note: Once the powdered sugar is added, you may need to add a little more water depending on what consistency you want your icing.nCombine the powdered sugar and salt and spread out on the counter to make a 12inch circle.nCoat the inside of a large microwavesafe bowl with shortening. Place the marshmallows, flavorings, and water andor colorings in the bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute the marshmallows should be puffy. Stir the mixture with a rubber spatula and place back in the microwave for 30 second intervals, or until the marshmallows are melted and smooth when stirred. While this mixture is in the microwave, coat your hands with shortening as the fondant is sticky and messy.nOnce the marshmallows are melted and smooth, transfer the contents of the bowl onto the powdered sugar. Start working the sugar into the melted mixture, kneading it like you would bread dough. Continue kneading until the mixture loses its stickiness you may have to add more powdered sugar. Youll know when its ready if the fondant forms into a ball. Coat the fondant ball well with shortening and wrap in plastic wrap. Place the fondant in refrigerator for at least 6 to 8 hours or overnight., ingredients: [1 18 14ounce box yellow cake mix, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup water, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup flour, 3 eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon butter extract, 12 teaspoon salt, Crusting Buttercream Icing, recipe follows, Marshmallow Fondant, recipe follows, Powdered sugar, for dusting, 1 cup shortening, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon butter extract, 3 tablespoons powdered coffee creamer, 14 cup warm water, plus more if needed, 4 cups powdered sugar, 4 cups powdered sugar, plus more if needed, Dash salt, Couple spoonfuls shortening, 1 16ounce bag marshmallows, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon butter extract, 12 teaspoon almond extract, Gel coloring or 12 tablespoon water if not using gel colors], title: Sour Cream Yellow Cake, picturelink: null}, 55230: {instructions: In a large saucepan, stir together the blueberries, olive oil, red wine vinegar, and red onion. Place the pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Stir in the mushrooms and heat for 1 to 2 minutes, until mushrooms are heated through. Turn off the heat. Cover to keep warm.nIn a large bowl, toss the frisee and baby spinach together with the warm dressing. Divide the salad among salad plates and top each salad with a sprinkle of almonds, a few crumbles of cheese, and some blueberries. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pints blueberries, plus more for garnish, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 small red onion, diced, 2 cups wild mushrooms, trimmed and cleaned, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head frisee lettuce, chopped, 3 cups baby spinach, 14 cup Marcona almonds, toasted, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese recommended: Point Reyes Blue Cheese], title: Baby Spinach Salad with Warm Wild Mushroom and Blueberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 55231: {instructions: For the apple cider glaze:nPut the apple cider in a large saute pan over high heat. Once apple cider has reduced by 12 and has achieved thick syrup consistency, add the black pepper, stir, and set aside.nFor the wonton ravioli:nIn a tallrimmed saute pan bring heavily salted water to a boil. Reduce the heat slightly to a gentle boil.nFor the wonton filling:nPut the ground turkey, ground pork, Asiago cheese, minced shallot, minced garlic, sage, and black pepper, in a large bowl and mix well to incorporate.nTo assemble the wonton ravioli:nPut a wonton wrapper on a clean dry working surface and brush the entire wrapper with egg wash. Keep the remaining wonton wrappers covered while working to prevent them from drying out.nPut 1 tablespoon meat mixture in the center of 30 wonton wrapper. To cover, gently stretch another wonton over top, connecting the edges of the wrappers, press to secure. Gently lift, cup hands over filling to release any air inside, pinch around the rim to secure and put on a dry tray. Repeat with remaining wontons.nTo cook the wontons:nGently put 5 wontons in the boiling water, turn over half way though cooking and remove once the meat is cooked and no longer pink, approximately 5 minutes.nTo serve the wonton ravioli:nPut the wonton ravioli in a large bowl, drizzle with the apple cider glaze, put on a serving dish and garnish with chopped fresh chives. Serve with Carrot and Fennel Salad with White Wine Dressing, recipe follows., ingredients: [4 cups apple cider, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces ground turkey, 8 ounces ground pork, 12 cup finely grated Asiago cheese, 1 shallot, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh sage, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 pound454 g package round wonton wrappers 60 wonton wrappers, 1 egg, whisked for egg wash, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, Salt, Carrot and Fennel Salad with White Wine Dressing, recipe follows], title: Wonton Ravioli with Apple Cider Glaze, picturelink: null}, 55232: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToast the bread for about 5 minutes then set aside to cool. Combine the watercress, buttermilk dressing and cream cheese in a food processor or blender and puree. Spread the toast with the cream cheese mixture. Shingle cucumbers on top of each slice of bread then cut the sandwiches into triangles. Arrange the sandwiches on 4 plates, garnish with red pepper and serve., ingredients: [Eight 38inchthick slices sourdough bread, 12 bunch watercress, chopped, 1 cup homemade or storebought buttermilk dressing, 2 ounces cream cheese, 1 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 red pepper, seeded and sliced into thin rounds], title: Open Faced Cucumber Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 55233: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 13 x 9inch pan with foil, extending foil over edges. Spray foil with nostick cooking spray. Prepare brownies as directed on package using oil, water and eggs. Spread in prepared pan.n2. BAKE 28 to 31 minutes or until set. Cool completely. Cover with foil. Freeze 30 minutes.n3. REMOVE brownies from pan by lifting with edges of foil. Place on cutting board. Trim off edges. Cut into shapes with 2 12inch cookie cutter. If brownies become too soft to cut easily, return to freezer for 15 minutes. Remove excess crumbs with pastry brush.n4. ADD food color to frosting. Frost as desired. Sprinkle with candy bits.nHALLOWEEN  Use pumpkinshaped cookie cutter. Tint 14 cup frosting with 1 drop red and 3 drops yellow food color to make orange, or tint light green. Frost and decorate as desired. Sprinkle with Halloween Funfetti Candy Bits.nHOLIDAY  Use treeshaped or ornamentshaped cookie cutter. Tint frosting light green. Frost and decorate as desired. Sprinkle with Holiday Funfettiu00ae Candy Bits.nVALENTINE  Use heartshaped cookie cutter. Tint frosting pale pink. Frost and decorate as desired. Sprinkle with Valentine Funfetti Candy Bits., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.4 oz. package Pillsbury Funfetti Chocolate Fudge Brownie Mix, seasonal variety of choice, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup water, 2 large eggs, 1 16 oz. container Pillsburyu00ae Vanilla Frosting, Food color, see variations below], title: Funfettiand174 Brownie CutOuts, picturelink: kiAZcZWWMFyYyXsoI0XF3uexMramSra}, 55234: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the squash in a large microwavesafe dish with 12 cup of water. Cover the bowl and cook the squash in the microwave for 12 to 14 minutes, until the squash is soft.nMeanwhile, bring a medium skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add onion and, stirring occasionally, cook until its slightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes.nRaise the heat to medium high. Add turkey, chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon of salt, garlic powder, onion powder, and black pepper to the skillet. Cook and crumble until the turkey is fully cooked, about 12 minutes.nDrain any excess liquid from the skillet, and transfer the mixture to a casserole dish sprayed with nonstick spray. Evenly top with gravy, followed by frozen mixed veggies. Set aside.nDrain the excess water from the squash and mash well. Add butter and the remaining 14 teaspoon of salt and mix thoroughly. Evenly layer the squash mixture over the mixed veggies.nBake in the oven until the topping is slightly crispy, 20 to 25 minutes. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 12 cups peeled and cubed butternut squash, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 pound raw lean ground turkey, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, divided, Dash garlic powder, Dash onion powder, Dash black pepper, 34 cup fatfree gravy, 1 12 cups frozen mixed vegetables, 1 tablespoon light whipped butter or light buttery spread], title: Squashtastic Shepherds Pie, picturelink: UFQt6hWYCX674oFjsV3OtsYLL970za}, 55235: {instructions: Combine I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, brown sugar and cinnamon in small bowl. Arrange banana on 2 bread slices top with remaining bread. Evenly spread outside of sandwiches with Spread mixture.nCook sandwiches in 12inch nonstick skillet over medium heat, turning once, 5 minutes or until golden brown.nAlso terrific with 14 cup sliced strawberries layered with bananasnFor extra special twist, saute bananas in I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread first, then proceed as abovenNutrition Information Per Serving:nCalories 300, Calories From Fat 90, Saturated Fat 2.5g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 11g, Cholesterol 0mg, Sodium 310mg, Total Carbohydrates 45g, Sugars 18g, Dietary Fiber 6g, Protein 8g, Vitamin A 10, Vitamin C 10, Calcium 6, Iron 8, ingredients: [2 Tbsp. I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, 1 Tbsp. firmly packed dark or light brown sugar, 14 tsp. ground cinnamon, 1 large banana, thinly sliced, 4 slices crusty whole grain bread], title: Banana Bliss Breakfast Sandwiches, picturelink: 07XLJlOiVfIj87YqL6yk9WY28SoldFO}, 55236: {instructions: Heat a skillet over high heat. Add the canola oil and chorizo and start to brown, about 2 minutes. Then add about half the jalapeno and cook until the chorizo is golden brown and cooked through, stirring occasionally. Set aside. Heat the butter in a small nonstick pan over medium heat. Whisk the eggs in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the egg mixture into the pan. Cook the eggs by whisking constantly and shaking the pan vigorously until the eggs begin to set but are still quite loose. Spoon the chorizo mixture down the center, top with the remaining jalapeno slices and the cheese, and continue cooking until almost completely set, 1 to 1 12 minutes, depending on desired consistency. Fold the omelet into thirds, and turn it out onto a cutting board or a plate. Over a burner on medium heat, soften the tortilla, 8 to 10 seconds on each side, or in a skillet over medium heat for 1 to 2 minutes per side. Gently place the omelet onto the tortilla and wrap around it tightly. Slice in half on a diagonal., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 ounces Mexican chorizo ground, 1 small jalapeno, sliced, with seeds, 1 12 tablespoons butter, 3 large eggs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Monterey Jack cheese, One 12inch flour tortilla], title: Rolled Omelet Burrito, picturelink: Q8l.cG3huv50tN1akDcTxPpjTcdjzG}, 55237: {instructions: Place 1 to 2 slices of fontina atop 1 bread slice. Top with the onions. Season with salt and pepper. Then add spinach and prosciutto. Add the remaining slices of fontina. Top with the second bread slice. Brush both sides of the sandwich with the oil.nHeat a grill pan over mediumlow heat. Grill the sandwich until the bread is golden brown and the cheese melts, pressing down with a metal spatula or grill press, about 4 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 to 4 slices 3 ounces total fontina cheese, 2 slices 12inchthick rustic white bread, 2 paperthin slices red onion optional, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 fresh baby spinach leaves, 1 to 2 paperthin slices 12ounce prosciutto, 2 to 3 teaspoons olive oil], title: Panino di Prosciutto e Fontina, picturelink: cnC1yU09c3Fo.qic9dTuDQrg6ojPl2e}, 55238: {instructions: Open oysters with a shucking knife. Separate the tendons at the top and bottom of the shell. Retain all liquids in the shell.nWhisk remaining ingredients together in a small bowl. Spoon 1 teaspoon of vinaigrette over each oyster. Serve immediately.nRecommended beverage: Sancerre white, ingredients: [12 oysters, 2 shallots, minced, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: Oysters on the Half Shell with Lemon Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 55239: {instructions: Mix together the cornstarch and sugar in a medium bowl. Whisk in 1 cup of the milk and continue whisking until the cornstarch is completely dissolved. Whisk in the remaining 2 cups milk. Split the vanilla beans lengthwise and scrape the little seeds into the mixture, then add the vanilla beans. Transfer to a medium saucepan. Place the saucepan over medium heat and bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Continue stirring until the mixture is quite thick, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the vanilla beans and pour into a shallow glass baking dish, about 8 inches square. Smooth the top with a spatula. Let cool, then cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours, or until quite firm. Beat the eggs in a shallow bowl. Spread the flour on one plate, and the bread crumbs on another one. Unmold the custard onto a cutting board. With a sharp knife, cut into approximately 2inch squares. Dip the squares first into the flour, shaking off the excess, then dip into the beaten eggs and then into bread crumbs. Set the squares on a sheet of waxed or parchment paper. Heat the butter in a heavy 12inch skillet over medium heat. When the foam begins to subside, add half of the custard squares and brown about 2 minutes on each side, carefully turning with a spatula. Transfer to a platter and finish cooking the squares. Sprinkle with the cinnamon sugar and serve., ingredients: [12 cup cornstarch, 12 cup sugar, 3 cups milk, 2 vanilla beans, 2 large eggs, Flour for dusting, 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs, 14 cup unsalted butter, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon mixed with 3 tablespoons sugar, for sprinkling], title: Fried Milk, picturelink: null}, 55240: {instructions: Season the salmon with salt and pepper. Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the salmon skinside down and cook until almost cooked through and the skin is dark golden and crisp, about 8 minutes. Flip the salmon and remove the skillet from the heat let sit until just cooked through, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 teaspoon olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the peas, chicken broth, olives, raisins, pepitas, hot sauce, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Increase the heat to high and bring to a boil, then stir in the couscous. Remove from the heat, cover and let sit 5 minutes.nFluff the couscous with a fork. Serve the salmon with the couscous and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 skinon centercut wild salmon fillets about 1 inch thick 5 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 12 cup frozen peas, 34 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 13 cup sliced pitted Spanish olives with pimientos, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoons salted roasted pepitas green pumpkin seeds, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 12 cup couscous, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Salmon with Couscous and Peas, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 55241: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine all the vegetables, coat with olive oil and season generously with salt.nSpread the vegetables on a sheet tray in an even layer, dont pile them up. The vegetables dont need to be spread out but they need to be pretty much in a single even layer. If this is not the case, use 2 trays.nPut the vegetables in the preheated oven. 15 minutes into the cooking process, stir the vegetables so they have the chance to brown all over, and rotate the tray to insure even cooking. Repeat this process after another 15 minutes. Roast the vegetables for an additional 15 to 20 minutes, or until the vegetables are roasty brown and should smell almost like popcorn. Check for doneness. This means taste some If they arent very roasty brown, let them go for another few minutes until they are. Season with salt, if needed. Transfer to a serving dish, garnish with chives and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, cut into bitesize florets, 1 pint Brussels sprouts, cut in 12, 12 pound Jerusalem artichokes, scrubbed and cut into 1inch dice, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt, 14 cup chopped chives], title: Roasted Cauliflower, Brussels Sprouts and Jerusalem Artichokes, picturelink: tcWFwaVZVogqt7OIomRVb.F1eQ2g7DK}, 55242: {instructions: For the rissole cakes, boil the squash cubes for the rissole cakes until just tender, and drain well. Set aside until needed. At the same time, boil the potatoes until soft and drain well.nBegin the sauce while the squash and potatoes for the rissole are boiling. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over medium heat in a saucepot reserving the other 2 tablespoons and cook the onion until translucent. Add the chicken stock, vinegar, soy sauce, and potato chunks and let the potato chunks cook while the liquid reduces and thickens.nFor the chicken, preheat oven to 375 degrees F. While the chicken stock mixture is cooking for the sauce, season chicken breasts with salt, pepper and lime powder. Heat the grapeseed oil over medium high heat in a separate large skillet and sear the chicken leaving undisturbed for the first 3 minutes or so on each side to let the seasonings integrate into the surface of the chicken and allow the caramelization process to begin to prevent tearing of the chicken or crusting off of the seasonings. After the chicken is seared on both sides, transfer to a baking sheet and finish chicken in the oven.nFor the garnish, boil asparagus spears until just tender in salt water and set aside.nIn the same pan you used to sear the chicken, heat additional grapeseed oil if needed and saute the white onion until tender. Transfer the onion to the potatoes which have been boiled for the rissole cakes, reserving the saute pan. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and mash together. Fold in the white chocolate chips, scallions, cranberries, and cubes of squash, trying not to break up the squash. Allow to sit until cool enough to handle, then use a 3inch circle cutter to form rissole cakes. In the same pan, heat additional grapeseed oil if needed over mediumhigh heat and sear the rissole cakes. Leave undisturbed for the first 2 to 3 minutes on each side to let the caramelization process begin and to prevent the cake from breaking apart. When you see the edges of the cake beginning to turn golden brown, flip and sear the other side. Then cook further until the cake is firm. Remove from heat and keep warm.nIn the same pan, sear the asparagus spears for a few minutes to add a little color and a nutty flavor.nReturn to the pot of the chicken stock mixture which has been cooking for the sauce. Fold the white chocolate chips into the sauce, and transfer the sauce to a blender and puree until smooth. Whisk in the reserved 2 tablespoons butter to finish the sauce, and season to taste with salt and pepper.nPlace a rissole cake on serving plate, top with a chicken breast, spoon sauce over and garnish with asparagus spears., ingredients: [1 small pumpkin squash or butternut squash, peeled, seeds removed and diced into 14inch to 12inch chunks, 3 large potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 inch chunks, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil as needed to saute the onion and rissole cakes, respectively, 1 medium white onion, diced small, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup vanilla white chocolate chips recommended: Hersheys Premier White Chips, 3 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the diagonal into 14inch thick slices, 1 cup fresh cranberries, 12 asparagus spears, tough ends snapped off, Salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick or 14 cup butter, divided, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 medium potato, peeled and diced into 12inch pieces as a thickener, 14 cup vanilla white chocolate chips recommended: Hersheys Premier White Chips, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 boneless chicken breasts, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon lime peel powder or dehydrated lime peel pulverized into a powder with a mortar and pestle, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 14 cup minced fresh fennel fronds], title: Breast of Chicken on PumpkinCranberry Rissole with White Chocolate Balsamic Sauce and Asparagus, picturelink: EHe3ZBVwqyfYaaUdxDoZjwx7gXRPORG}, 55243: {instructions: In a pot of boiling water, cook the agnolotti according to directions on the package.nIn a large saute pan, heat the olive oil and add the minced garlic, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the red pepper flakes, clams and shrimp. Once the clams have opened and the shrimp have turned pink in color, add the white wine and diced tomatoes. Allow the wine to evaporate. Finally, add the chopped parsley.nDrain the agnolotti and place on a serving dish. Pour the sauce over the agnolotti. Serve with salt and pepper for individual seasoning.nThis dish can easily be doubled., ingredients: [4 agnolotti filled with lobster and asparagus available fresh or frozen at Venda Ravioli and other upscale Italian Markets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 4 Rhode Island Littleneck clams, 3 large shrimp, with heads still attached, 12 cup white wine, 1 small ripe tomato, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley], title: Lobster and Asparagus Agnolotti, picturelink: kOm33l2caXt9uNMk84uxC67W51U0a}, 55244: {instructions: Combine the rice, 1 13 cups water, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 14 teaspoon salt and 12 tablespoon oil in a saucepan. Cover and cook, undisturbed, over mediumlow heat, about 15 minutes keep warm.nMeanwhile, chop the onion in a food processor, drain the excess liquid and set the onion aside. Mince the garlic and ginger in the processor and set aside, then puree the tomatoes with 1 cup water.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a Dutch oven or deep skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until golden, about 12 minutes. Add the garlicginger mixture, chiles, 1 teaspoon salt and the remaining 1 teaspoon curry powder and stirfry until slightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato puree and simmer until thickened, about 8 minutes. Add the shrimp, cover and cook over mediumlow heat until the shrimp are firm, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat, then stir in the yogurt and half the cilantro.nServe with the rice and garnish with the remaining cilantro.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, rinsed, 2 teaspoons Madrasstyle curry powder, Kosher salt, 3 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium white onion, quartered, 3 cloves garlic, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled, 1 14.5ounce can diced tomatoes, 1 to 2 serrano chile peppers, halved remove seeds for less heat, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 cup whole or lowfat plain yogurt, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: HomeStyle Shrimp Curry, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 55245: {instructions: Special equipment: Chitarra or other pasta machinenFor the pasta: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the flour, semolina and salt and pile up in the center of the bowl. Create a shallow well in the center of the flour mixture and add the egg. Beat the egg and oil together with a fork. Using a plastic spatula, stir the egg and slowly incorporate into the flour. Mix until the dough ball forms, then remove from the bowl and place the dough on a clean work surface.nKnead the dough into a smooth dough ball, about 10 minutes. Immediately wrap the dough ball in plastic wrap to avoid drying out. Rest the dough at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before using.nCut the pasta to linguine size using a chitarra or other pasta machine.nFor the sauce: In a medium saucepot, add the olive oil and guanciale and cook over medium heat to render the fat from the guanciale until it starts to turn light brown.nAdd the garlic, oregano, crushed pepper and basil, and mix cook until the garlic is fully cooked through and the herbs are infused in the oil. Add the clams, stock and wine, and increase to high heat cover with a lid to steam open the clams, 3 to 4 minutes. As soon as the clams open, remove from the heat to avoid overcooking remove all of the clams from the pot and reserve the sauce. Remove half of the clams from their shells and add to the sauce.nBring a pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the pasta to al dente, about 3 minutes.nAdd the pasta to the sauce and stir to combine. Cook over medium heat to allow the pasta to soak up some of the sauce, then add the lemon juice and pea tendrils. Toss, taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper as necessary.nTo plate, twist the pasta and place in the center of the plate, then top with the remaining sauce. Place the clams in the shells on top and garnish with a few fresh opal basil leaves, some herb flowers, a drizzle of Ligurian olive oil and Calabrian chile oil and shavings from the mullet bottarga., ingredients: [1 cup 00 pasta flour, such as Caputo, 14 cup semolina, Sea salt, 1 extralarge cagefree egg, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 ounce olive oil, 12 cup 14inch dice or lardons smoked guanciale or smoked bacon, 1 tablespoon thinly shaved garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 6 opal basil leaves, plus more for garnish, 12 manila clams, washed and soaked in cold water for 10 minutes to release sand, 1 cup fish or vegetable stock, 1 cup dry white wine, Sea salt, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 sprigs pea tendrils with flowers and leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, Herb flowers, Calabrian chile oil, for drizzling, Finishing olive oil, such as Ligurian, 1 piece mullet bottarga], title: Linguine alla Chitarra with Clams, Guanciale and Pea Tendrils, picturelink: CNXOh6OaY6oNOaG0eVX73oVc78MwkgG}, 55246: {instructions: Rub the salt and pepper mixture into the brisket. Smoke the brisket for 8 to 10 hours. Trim the brisket then slice and its ready to serve., ingredients: [1 part salt and 1 part ground black pepper, One 15pound brisket], title: Smoke Daddys Brisket, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 55247: {instructions: In a Champagne glass, combine pomegranate and pear juices and top off with Champagne. Decorate with pomegranate seeds, if desired, and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 part pomegranate juice, 12 part pear juice, 1 part Champagne, Pomegranate seeds, for garnish, optional], title: Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 55248: {instructions: Rinse the fish fillets and scampi tails and then pat dry. Dredge the fish and scampi tails in flour on both sides. Heat olive oil in a medium nonstick pan over medium heat. Add fish and scampi to the pan and cook for about 2 or 3 minutes on each side be careful not to break the fillets when flipping. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to 2 dinner plates and keep warm.nIn a saute pan, heat the clarified butter over medium heat with the parsley until it is very hot.nTo serve, decorate the fish and the scampi with the chopped cucumber and capers. To each plate, add a few drops each of Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, and tomato sauce. Pour the butter sauce over the fish and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 4 to 5ounce John Dory fillets, 6 scampi tails, shells removed, Allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons freshly made clarified butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh curly parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cucumber, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons fresh tomato sauce], title: John Dory and Scampi Tails Carlina Style, picturelink: fT3Ajqm2eOzZAtdV.sEN96ViiYRDvt.}, 55249: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to 350 degrees F medium heat and oil well.nPlace zucchini in a sieve set over a bowl, salt well, toss to coat, and set aside to let drain, at least 5 minutes.nWhen ready to cook, oil 1 piece of aluminum foil on 1 side. Sprinkle 14 cup cheese in the middle of the foil to form a rectangle, shingle 14 of the zucchini over cheese about 3 rows of 8 zucchini coins. Sprinkle 14 cup of the shallots and 1 teaspoon of garlic evenly over top, and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Top with another 14 cup cheese, sprinkle with 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, and top with 4 sprigs of thyme. Enclose foil tightly to form a packet and repeat to make 4 packets.nPlace the packets on the grill and cook until zucchini is soft and cooked through, turning once, about 10 minutes total., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 pounds zucchini, ends trimmed and sliced into 14inch thick coins, Salt, 4 12 by 18inch pieces aluminum foil, 2 cups shredded aged Cheddar, 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 4 teaspoons minced garlic from about 4 medium cloves, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 16 thyme sprigs], title: Aidas Scalloped Zucchini, picturelink: 6DYS3kttvuu36VKuVbtBPmUFceZ.8Si}, 55250: {instructions: Toss lamb with flour in a small bowl. Heat olive oil in a deep, wide skillet or Dutch oven set over high heat. Add lamb, spreading it out to cover the surface of the pan. Dont stir for about 5 minutes, so you can develop a rich brown color on the lamb. Add garlic, stir and cook about 5 minutes more, stirring if it appears the lamb or garlic may burn. Add tomato paste, chicken broth, salt, pepper, and thyme. Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat to low, and simmer 20 minutes. Remove cover and add carrots. Replace the cover ajar so that some of the steam can escape. Simmer 20 minutes more. Season with salt, if needed. Serve over cooked rice or noodles., ingredients: [2 pounds lamb shoulder, cut into cubes not stew meat, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups chicken broth or 1 12 cups water and 12 cup white wine, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 3 carrots, peeled, cut into 2inch lengths, Salt, Cooked rice or noodles, for serving], title: Lamb Ragout, picturelink: null}, 55251: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 cups hickory wood chips, soaked in water for 60 minutesnFor the rub:nMix all ingredients in a small bowl and reserve.nFor the brine:nMix the water, salt, apple juice, bourbon, peppercorn, and sugar into a 5gallon bucket lined with a resealable bag. Stir until the salt and sugar is dissolved. Add the turkey into the bag with the brine. In a garbage baglined ice chest filled with ice, place the bucket in and surround with ice. Keep in a cool place and let brine 6 hours or overnight. Turn the turkey after 3 hours. Remove turkey from the brine and pat dry with paper towels.nRub the turkey with olive oil and massage the rub onto the Turkey.nSoak wood chips for 1 hour prior to cooking the turkey and drain well. Fill the chimney starter with charcoal and light. Burn until they ash over. Place the burned coals to 1 side of the grill. Place wood chips on top of coals. Line a standard size loaf pan with aluminum foil and fill 23 with water. Place in the grill opposite the coals.nTake the turkey and place on the grill over the pan of water. Insert a probe thermometer in the thigh to keep a check on the temperature as it cooks. Place the lid on the grill with the vent open.nThe temperature should remain constant at 225 degrees F. You may need to add more coals and chips every few hours.nAfter 1 hour check the turkey, if the skin is golden brown cover with foil. Continue cooking for 4 to 6 more hours or until a probe thermometer reaches 160 degrees F.nRemove from the oven and let rest 20 minutes before you carve. Serve with BBQ Gravy.nMix ingredients together and store in an air tight container for up to 6 months.nHeat the vegetable oil in a saucepan on mediumhigh heat. Add the drumstick and neck and sear until brown. Remove from pan and reserve.nLower heat and saute the onions. Add the stock, scrapping up the fond on the bottom of the pan. Add the drumstick and neck into the saucepan. Cover and let simmer until it comes to a boil about 1 hour. Sauce will reduce down greatly. Remove turkey parts. Add BBQ Sauce to pan and whisk together. Gravy will thicken. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons salt, 1 12 tablespoons ground sage, 1 12 tablespoons thyme, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 12 tablespoon Neelys Seasoning, recipe follows, 1 gallon water, 2 cups salt, 3 cups apple juice, 1 cup bourbon, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 12 cup light brown sugar, One 22pound turkey, Olive oil, BBQ Gravy, recipe follows, 34 cup white sugar, 1 12 cups paprika, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Drumstick, from turkey, Neck, from turkey, 1 large onion, sliced, 8 cups turkey stock or chicken stock, 14 cup BBQ sauce recommended: Neelys BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Smoked Turkey with BBQ Gravy, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 55252: {instructions: Cut the tops off of 4 tomatoes and with a spoon remove the pulp from the inside, to form a bowl. Dice the pulp and half of the remaining tomato reserve remaining half for the Round 2 Recipe Grilled Margherita Pizza. Dice the mozzarella to measure 1 cup. Reserve the rest for the Round 2 Recipe Grilled Margherita Pizza.nIn a bowl, combine 2 cups of the orzo reserve the rest for the Online Round 2 Recipe Orzo Soup with Pork, diced mozzarella, diced tomato, vinegar, olive oil, basil, and salt and pepper, to taste. Divide the mixture among the 4 tomatoes and serve., ingredients: [5 beefsteak tomatoes, 1 1pound block mozzarella, 1 16ounce package orzo, cooked according to package instructions, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Caprese Salad Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 55253: {instructions: Place spareribs in a large pan, cover with salted water, and bring to a boil. Cook spareribs for 1 12 hours, drain, and allow spareribs to cool until they can be easily handled.nBone spareribs and trim all visible fat. Discard bones and fat, and cut remaining meat into 12inch cubes and reserve.nHeat butter in a large saute pan, preferably with a nonstick surface. Add potatoes and onions, and cook until tender.nAdd meat and coffee barbecue sauce and cook until all ingredients are heated through. Stir in corn, caraway seeds, chives, and cilantro. Season and reserve.nSteam asparagus until fork tender but still vibrant green. Gently stuff asparagus in place of bones in spareribs.nTo plate dish, place spareribs on plate and drizzle with a little barbecue sauce mixture.nHeat oil in a saucepan. Add vegetable oil, onion, garlic, cilantro, chile, cumin, chile powder, red pepper flakes, lemon zest, and coffee beans and cook for 2 minutes.nAdd the dark brown sugar, red wine vinegar, lemon juice, and ketchup to pan. Cook mixture stirring occasionally, until liquid is reduced by half. Add the salt, pepper, and tomato paste to the mixture. Cover and simmer for 2 to 3 hours, occasionally stirring. Strain and adjust seasonings., ingredients: [6 pounds spareribs, 8 tablespoons butter, 4 large potatoes, peeled and diced, 2 small onions, diced, 1 cup coffee barbecue sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup cooked corn kernels, 2 tablespoons caraway seeds, 1 cup chopped chives, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 2 bunches asparagus, Kosher salt and ground pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 onion, chopped, 12 cup chopped garlic, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 1 serrano or other small green chile, 1 teaspoon cumin, ground, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 34 cup coffee beans, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground pepper, 2 cups tomato paste], title: Spareribs with Coffee Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55254: {instructions: Place the baguette half on a flat work surface and slice it in half lengthwise. Spread the inside of each half with 1 tablespoon of butter and then spread the bottom half with mustard. Lay on the slices of pate and then pile on the lettuce leaves. Place the top half of baguette on and cut in half, if desired., ingredients: [1 fresh baguette, cut in half, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 3 thick slices of rustic country pate, or meatloaf, 3 leaves leaf lettuce], title: Pate Baguette Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 55255: {instructions: For the jaconde: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and coat lightly with butter.nCombine the 13 ounces egg whites and the granulated sugar and whip into a meringue with stiff peaks, using an electric mixer.nSift the almond flour, allpurpose flour and confectioners sugar into a bowl. Add the heavy cream and the remaining 4 ounces egg whites to make a paste. Fold onethird of the meringue into the paste once incorporated, fold in the remaining meringue. Pour into the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle the top with desiccated coconut.nBake for 15 minutes, then flip the cake out of the baking sheet and let cool. Soak the jaconde with fruit puree, making sure the sponge is wet but not soaked.nFor the ganache: Heat the heavy cream in a saucepan until boiling. Remove from the heat and pour into a bowl with the white chocolate. Let sit for 5 minutes, then stir until smooth. Let sit until cool, about 30 minutes.nWhip the ganache with an electric mixer until thick and creamy.nSpread the ganache on the cake, and slice. The cake can also be chilled., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing, 13 ounces plus 4 ounces egg whites, 7 ounces granulated sugar, 6 ounces almond flour, 3 ounces allpurpose flour, 6 ounces confectioners sugar, 1 12 ounces heavy cream, Handful desiccated coconut, Fruit puree of your choice, 16 ounces heavy cream, 16 ounces white chocolate], title: Tropical Jaconde, picturelink: oafjOHNJTPIPqkvVXMz4ZMq4DI9ltA.}, 55256: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo ensure even cooking, remove chicken from the refrigerator, and let it stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. If the chicken comes with a plastic popup thermometer, discard it the readings are often inaccurate. After rinsing the chicken inside and out with cold running water, dry it with paper towels. Tuck the tips of the wings under the bottom to keep them from burning.nPlace onion slices in 2 rows in a heavyduty roasting pan to form a bed for the chicken. The onions will flavor the chicken and the pan juices that form the base of the gravy. To help release the lemons essence, roll it back and forth with the palm of your hand pressing on top, then pierce the surface all over with a fork. Put garlic, thyme, and lemon inside the chickens cavity.nSet chicken on the bed of onion slices, breastside up. Then bring legs forward, cross them, and tie them together with about 18 inches of kitchen twine. Tying the legs is much simpler than trussing the bird, which requires tying the body.nSpread butter over the entire exposed surface of the chicken this ensures even browning. Sprinkle well with salt and pepper.nPlace the chicken in the oven and roast until the skin is a deep goldenbrown color, and the juices run clear when the chicken is pierced. If the skin is browning too fast, tent with foil. Check the internal temperature of the breasts and the thighs with an instantread thermometer. When ready, the reading in the deepest part of the breast should be 180 degrees F, and in the deepest part of the thigh it should be 190 degrees F.nWhen the chicken is finished cooking, remove it from the pan, and transfer it to a cutting board with a well to catch the juices. Let the chicken stand at room temperature for up to 20 minutes. The juices, which rise to the surface when cooking, will settle and redistribute evenly throughout the chicken. While it rests, make the pan gravy.nUntie the legs of the chicken. Remove the lemon, garlic, and herbs from the cavity of the chicken discard. Place the chicken on a serving platter breast side up, and, using a sharp knife, carve the bird use a large fork to pull 1 of the legs away from the body. With the tip of your knife, find the joint that connects the leg to the body, and sever it. Cut the thigh away from the drumstick at the second joint. To remove the breasts, cut straight down between the breasts, following the contour of the rib cage, until you hit the wishbone. Cut through the joint where it meets the breastbone. Serve the individual pieces, or cut the breast into thin slices for a more elegant presentation.nPan Gravy:nPan juices from roast chickenn1 cup homemade chicken stock or lowsodium canned chicken brothn1 tablespoon unsalted butternWhile the chicken rests, pour the pan drippings into a shallow bowl or a fat separator, leaving the onions in the pan. Using a fat separator or large spoon, skim off and discard as much of the fat as possible.nPour the remaining drippings and juices back into the roasting pan. Place pan over mediumhigh heat, and cook for about 1 minute. Add chicken stock, and raise the heat to high. Using a wooden spoon, deglaze the pan by stirring up any brown bits baked on the bottom so that they combine with the stock these brown bits add flavor to the gravy. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half, about 4 minutes.nStrain into a small bowl, pressing down on the onions with the back of a spoon to extract any remaining liquid discard the onions. Stir in butter until it is fully incorporated. Serve immediately.nYield: 23 cup, ingredients: [1 6pound roasting chicken, 2 medium onions, peeled, sliced crosswise 12inch thick, 3 garlic cloves, smashed, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, Pan Gravy, recipe follows], title: Roasted Chicken 101, picturelink: null}, 55257: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large soup pot over medium heat. Add the onion and fennel and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are golden, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, pepper, and saffron and cook another minute. Stir in the vermouth and simmer until reduced by about half. Lightly crush the tomatoes through your fingers into the pot stir in their juices, add the water, orange zest, bay leaf, cover, and simmer until the flavors come together, about 20 minutes.nAdjust the heat so that the broth simmers briskly. Stir in the clams, cover the pot, and cook until they just begin to open, 6 to 8 minutes. To keep the clams from overcooking, transfer any fully opened ones to a bowl. Add the scallops and shrimp and cook, uncovered, until they are just cooked through and opaque, 2 to 3 minutes more. Stir in the vinegar, parsley, and return any of the cooked clams along with their juices. Season with salt, if needed. Divide stew and shellfish among 4 warm bowls. Serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 medium head fennel, diced, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, Pinch saffron threads, 34 cups dry white vermouth, 1 14ounce can plum tomatoes, with their juice, 34 cup water, 2 1 by 3inch strips fresh orange zest, 1 bay leaf, 12 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 8 ounces medium sea scallops, foot removed, if necessary, 8 ounces medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt], title: Provencal Shellfish Stew, picturelink: null}, 55258: {instructions: Mix VELVEETA, onions and bacon in large microwaveable bowl. Microwave on high 5 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 3 min.nStir in sour cream.nServe with assorted cutup fresh vegetables or crackers recommended: WHEAT THINS.nCut ingredients in half. Mix ingredients in 1qt. microwaveable bowl. Microwave on HIGH 3 to 4 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted, stirring after 2 min. Serve as directed. Makes 12 servings, 2 Tbsp. each.nHot dips should be discarded after setting at room temperature for 2 hours or longer.nCut VELVEETA the whole loaf into slices about 12inch thick. Then, cut each slice crosswise in both directions to make cubes.nPrepare using VELVEETA Mild Mexican Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product.nNutrition Information Per Serving: 90 calories, 6g total fat, 4g saturated fat, 25mg cholesterol, 420mg sodium, 3g carbohydrate, 0g dietary fiber, 2g sugars, 5g protein, 6DV vitamin A, 0DV vitamin C, 10DV calcium, 0DV iron., ingredients: [1 lb. 16 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes, 4 green onions, sliced, 12 cup bacon pieces recommended: OSCAR MAYER, 12 cup sour cream recommended: BREAKSTONES or KNUDSEN, VELVEETA Mexican Salsa Dip:], title: VELVEETA Bacon and Green Onion Dip, picturelink: null}, 55259: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F and transfer stuffing into a small baking dish. Place dish in oven and reheat 12 to 15 minutes, until warmed through.nHeat a pot over moderate heat and add extravirgin olive oil. Work close to the stove and add vegetables as you chop. If you are using fresh carrots, cut them into a small dice or slice thin. If you are using leftover baby carrots, cut carrots into bitesize pieces. Add celery and onion and lightly season vegetables with salt and pepper. Add bay leaf and stock and bring liquid to a boil by raising heat. Add turkey and reduce heat to simmer. Simmer until any raw vegetables are cooked until tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the parsley, and peas, if using.nRemove stuffing from oven. Using an ice cream scoop, place a healthy scoop of stuffing in the center of a soup bowl. Ladle soup around stuffing ball. Your soup will look like a chunky matzo ball soup. Pull spoonfuls of stuffing away as you eat through your bowl of soup., ingredients: [4 to 6 cups prepared stuffing, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium carrots, chopped, up to 2 cups of leftover baby carrots, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 12 pounds light and dark cooked turkey meat, diced, A handful of flat leaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 cup frozen peas or leftover prepared peas, optional], title: Turkey and Stuffin Soup, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 55260: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 20 minutesnFor the satay: Whisk together the coconut milk, vegetable oil, lime juice, brown sugar, ginger, fish sauce, soy sauce, curry powder and garlic in a medium bowl.nCut each chicken breast on the diagonal into 6 strips. Flatten the strips to a 14inch thickness with the back of a chefs knife or meat mallet. Put the strips in a large resealable plastic bag and pour in the marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator, at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours.nFor the peanut sauce: Meanwhile, heat the peanut oil in a small saute pan over mediumlow heat until hot. Add the onion and jalapeno and cook until softened and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 20 seconds. Then add the coconut milk, peanut butter and curry paste. Increase the heat to medium and whisk until the mixture comes together, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and whisk in the lime juice, soy sauce and fish sauce. If the sauce separates before you are ready to serve, whisk it until it emulsifies and use immediately.nPreheat a grill for cooking over mediumhigh heat. Drain the chicken from the marinade and pat it dry. Thread the chicken onto the skewers. Grill, turning once, until the chicken is cooked through and lightly charred in places, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Serve with the peanut sauce for dipping., ingredients: [13 cup coconut milk, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 boneless skinless chicken breasts about 1 pound, 1 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 14 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 12 jalapeno pepper, ribs and seeds removed, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 1 cup coconut milk shake the can well before using, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 tablespoons storebought Thai red curry paste, 6 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon fish sauce], title: Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce, picturelink: yVwgSQrqhAkdXOWxB6nQ8N24XN0hRpO}, 55261: {instructions: Make the cheesecake bites: Toss the graham cracker crumbs with the melted butter and 1 tablespoon sugar in a medium bowl. Divide between two 1 12cup bowls or ramekins press into the bottoms and up the sides. Put the cream cheese in the medium bowl no need to wipe clean stir with a spatula. Add the heavy cream, lemon juice, vanilla and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar mix until smooth. Spoon into the prepared bowls, cover and freeze until firm, about 2 hours. Remove the bowls from the freezer and run a knife around the cheesecakes turn out onto a cutting board and roughly chop. Cover and keep frozen until ready to use.nMeanwhile, make the blueberry sauce: Combine the blueberries, sugar, cornstarch, lemon juice and 1 cup water in a medium saucepan bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally. Cook, stirring occasionally, gently squashing the berries as they soften, until the mixture is thick and shiny, about 30 minutes. You should have about 1 23 cups of sauce cook slightly longer to reduce if necessary. Transfer to a small bowl and refrigerate until cold.nMake the ice cream: Put the heavy cream, cream cheese, sour cream, sugar, vanilla, lemon zest and salt in a food processor process until very thick and fluffy. Layer the ice cream mixture, blueberry sauce and cheesecake bites in a shallow 2quart baking dish. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing against the surface freeze at least 3 hours. Let sit at room temperature 20 minutes before scooping.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [23 cup graham cracker crumbs from 4 sheets, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups fresh blueberries about 1 12 pints, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 cups heavy cream, 6 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 23 cup sour cream, 23 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Pinch of salt], title: NoChurn BlueberryCheesecake Ice Cream, picturelink: IoUCqDKKTRanSUfFWrMPcAyKgB05bbu}, 55262: {instructions: A few hours before you serve the dish, make the pear chip garnitures. In a small saucepan, over medium heat, stirring together water and 12 cup sugar until sugar is completely dissolved. Slice the pear very thinly with a mandolin or a knife and dip in simple syrup. Lay on a silpat and bake in a convection oven on low, 225 degrees F, until dry and crisp about 60 minutes. Keep in an airtight container.nPlace the passion fruit juice, orange juice, and sugar in a saucepan and simmer it to reduce by 12. Remove it from the heat and mount whisk in the cut up the cold butter a few pieces at a time. Keep warm while preparing the fruit but not too hot or the sauce will break and the butter come out of suspension.nIn red wine glasses or other large stemmed glasses, divide up the blueberries, kiwis, strawberries, and pears evenly amongst 6 glasses. To serve drizzle them with the warm passion fruit butter sauce and place a pear chip in the center., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, plus 14 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 pear, 1cup passion fruit juice, 12 cup orange juice, 4 tablespoons butter, cut up, 1 pint blueberries, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut into 8 wedges, 12pint strawberries, green tops removed and cut up in 1inch pieces, 2 pears, cored and cut up in 1 inch pieces], title: Blueberries and Kiwi with Passion Fruit Butter, picturelink: null}, 55263: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper. Sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt into a medium bowl and set aside.nPlace the butter, sugar, and brown sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer cream together on medium speed until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Beat in the vanilla and eggs. Gradually add the dry ingredients to the creamed mixture and continue to mix until a smooth batter forms. Turn off the mixer and fold in the chocolate chunks using the spatula.nTo form the cookies, scoop about 14 cup of cookie dough into your hands and roll it around into a ball place them about 3inches apart onto the prepared cookie sheets you should get about 4 cookies on each pan. Press down the tops of the dough slightly and bake until the cookies are light brown, 12 minutes for chewy cookies, or about 15 minutes for crispy cookies.nAllow the cookies to cool on the baking sheets for 5 minutes before transferring to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with remaining doughcookie sheets.nnnn, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup white sugar, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 8ounce block dark chocolate, coarsely chopped], title: My Big, Fat Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: v8MUVlLdDCAdbulb2E6RgcExzF1ejW}, 55264: {instructions: For the bacon: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Add the pork belly, olive oil, garlic, thyme, and bay leaf to a heatproof casserole dish. Cover with foil and bake until fork tender, about 3 hours or substitute thick cut bacon and grill it or cook it in a pan until crispy.nFor the apples: Bring the pickling spices, dill, vinegar, apple cider, and sugar to a boil. Thinly slice the apple and jalapeno and put into a mediumsized nonreactive jar or container. Pour the liquid over the apples and jalapenos. Cover and let stand at room temperature for at least 2 hours before serving.nTo assemble: Grill the ciabatta on a grill or use a toaster. Spread mustard on the top half of the roll. Thinly slice the pork belly and layer on the roll, top with pickled apples and jalapenos, and a handful of mustard greens. Close the sandwich and set aside., ingredients: [1 18ounce slab fresh pork belly, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, skins on, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons pickling spices or a mix of coriander, mustard seed, turmeric, and salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 cup vinegar, 1 cup apple cider, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 Honeycrisp apple, 1 jalapeno, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 ciabatta sandwich roll, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 1 handful mustard greens], title: Bacon, Apples, and Dill B.A.D. Sandwich, picturelink: c0GTuYQSmt87sKCnfu0gdbM4N6jiAKG}, 55265: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine milk, coconut milk, and coconut cream in a saucepan. Stir, bring to a boil, lower heat, and simmer for 15 minutes until slightly reduced. Remove from heat and cool for 5 minutes. Add toasted coconut and infuse for 15 minutes.nTo make the caramel: combine the sugar, water, and lemon juice in a medium saucepot and cook over high heat, without stirring, until it darkens to amber. Pour the caramel evenly into 6 4ounce ramekins and set aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the eggs and the yolks. Strain the milk mixture into the eggs and whisk to combine. Fill each ramekin with this mixture, then place ramekin in roasting pan. Create a water bath by filling the roasting pan 13 way with hot water, and cook, covered with foil, for 25 minutes. Allow to cool before serving.nTo unmold the flan: take a paring knife and run it around the sides of the ramekin to loosen the flan. To help it along, you may also place the ramekin in a shallow bowl with warm water until it comes halfway up the sides for a few seconds. Invert a serving plate on top of the ramekin and flip over to unmold., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 cup coconut cream, 1 cup toasted coconut, recipe follows, or store bought toasted coconut, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoon lemon juice, 6 eggs, 3 egg yolks], title: Toasted Coconut Flan, picturelink: null}, 55266: {instructions: Stir 12 teaspoon anise extract into 1 pint softened vanilla ice cream freeze until firm. Sandwich between vanilla wafer cookies and roll the sides in pink and white sprinkles. Freeze at least 1 hour.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Licorice Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 55267: {instructions: Lightly butter a 9 by 13 by 2inch cake pan and line the bottom with a piece of parchment or wax paper. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the oil, sugar, molasses, and crystallized ginger. Add the eggs and whisk until smooth.nIn another large bowl, whisk together the flour, ground ginger, cinnamon, salt, and cloves. Whisk the molasses mixture into the flour mixture until evenly combined.nIn a small saucepan, bring the water to a boil. Remove from the heat and stir in the baking soda. Whisk the hot water into the batter until just combined. Transfer the batter into the prepared pan. Bake the cake in the center of the oven, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack. Cut into squares and serve with whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [Softened unsalted butter, as needed, 1 cup vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup unsulphured molasses, 1 to 2 tablespoons minced crystallized ginger, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten with a fork, 3 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon baking soda, Serving suggestions: Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream], title: Gingerbread Cake, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 55268: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHave 2 minimuffin pans, a can of nonstick spray, a pastry brush, and a package of paperfoil candy cups out and ready clear some space in the freezer.nSlowly melt the chocolate in a double boiler over hot water or in a microwave set on high for 2 minutes, stirring halfway through the heating time to smooth it out. Dot a bit of chocolate in the center of each muffin cup and press a candy wrapper in the molds so it sticks in place. Lightly spray the insides of the wrappers with a little nonstick cooking spray. Brush about a tablespoon of the melted chocolate into the paper liners, pulling it up the insides of the wrapper so its all coated. Stick the chocolate cups in the freezer to harden while making the peanut butter filling. Keep the remaining melted chocolate warm so it stays smooth well need it again in a few minutes.nCombine the peanut butter, warm water, and honey in a mixing bowl, blend with a whisk until smooth and thinned out a bit. Using a rubber spatula, fold the whipped cream into the peanut butter mixture to make a light mousse u2014 dont overdo it, its ok if there are streaks of cream in the filling. Spoon the peanut butter mousse into a pastry bag filled with a large plain tip. Take the chocolate cups out they should be pretty solid by now, and pipe the peanut butter mousse into the centers, leaving room for a cap of chocolate. Freeze again for a few minutes just so the mousse sets up a bit.nSpoon more melted chocolate on top to cover the peanut butter and fill the cup to the top spreading evenly with a knife so its smooth and level. Sprinkle a little chopped peanuts on top and stick the peanut butter cups in the freezer to set up for 15 to 20 minutes. Invert the muffin pans on a cutting board to pop out the peanut butter cups., ingredients: [1 pound semisweet chocolate, cut in chunks, 1 cup creamy peanut butter, 14 cup warm water, 14 cup honey, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, 2 tablespoons chopped salted peanuts], title: Frozen Peanut Butter Cups, picturelink: BzHggTnPtAeILoAZjhp5Dy0Q250N0Ue}, 55269: {instructions: Add the ice cream, blackberries, heavy cream and milk to the pitcher of a blender, and blend until smooth. Add more milk for a thinner consistency., ingredients: [16 ounces vanilla ice cream, 4 ounces fresh blackberries, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons whole milk, plus more if needed], title: Blackberry Milkshake, picturelink: GZCNIQHU77LYss.jPnMZiN7rR65PlWy}, 55270: {instructions: 1. Remove and discard glaze packet from ham or reserve for another use. Begin by preparing ham according to package directions.n2. Make Honey Glaze: While baking, mix honey, mustard and lemon juice in small bowl until blended. Set aside until the last 30 minutes of baking time.n3. Make Cranberry Relish: Combine apples and juice in medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat to mediumlow simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add cranberries simmer an additional 5 minutes, or until fruit is tender, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat stir in marmalade and pecans. Set aside until ready to eat. Or, if made in advance, cover and refrigerate until ready to use.n4. Uncover ham and brush with the Honey Glaze for the last 30 minutes of the baking time.n5. Let stand 10 minutes. Carve and serve with Cranberry Relish., ingredients: [1 Cooksu00ae Bonein Spiral Sliced Half Ham about 9 pounds, 12 cup honey cranberry honey preferred, if available, 112 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 large Granny Smith apple, peeled, finely chopped about 112 cups, 1 cup cranberry juice cocktail, 1 package 6 ounces sweetened dried cranberries about 113 cups, 2 tablespoons Orange Marmalade, 14 cup chopped pecans], title: HoneyGlazed Ham with Cranberry Relish, picturelink: Px1iZr16MT6xk6gJbHZ1QVHbeJQRYLC}, 55271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, add the butter and sugar and cream together with a hand mixer. Add the eggs and vanilla extract to the creamed mixture and mix until combined. In a medium bowl, mix the cocoa powder, flour, baking soda, and salt. Slowly add the dry ingredients and continue mixing until incorporated.nRoll the dough into 2 logs that are about 2inches high and 1foot long. Wrap them in waxed paper and place in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOnce thoroughly chilled, slice the cookies into 12inch thick rounds and cover with sanding sugar. Place on a parchment paper lined cookie sheet and bake for 10 minutes.nRemove to a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [2 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 34 cup Dutch process cocoa powder, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, White Sanding sugar, for garnish], title: Top Secret Chocolate Cookies, picturelink: uBxnAgErjSTLIQwpXky5L1Kfd9ffZiy}, 55272: {instructions: Melt the shortening in a small saucepan over medium heat. Set aside to cool slightly but still liquid.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the sugar and shortening together on medium speed, until just combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the milk and vanilla, and continue beating until the mixture is light, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, sift the flour, baking powder, nutmeg, mace, and salt into a medium bowl.nReduce the mixers speed to low, add the flour mixture until just combined. The texture of the dough will be soft and loose. Transfer the dough to a large piece of plastic wrap and wrap it well. Make sure you scrap off all the dough clinging to the paddle. Refrigerate the dough for 4 hours or overnight.nOn a lightly floured work surface, roll the chilled dough out into a rectangle about 12inch thick. Dip the edges of a 2 12inchround doughnut cutter in flour and cut the dough into doughnuts. Place the doughnuts and holes on a baking sheet lined with parchment.nPut enough vegetable shortening into a tall, heavybottomed pot to fill it about a third of the way up. Heat the shortening over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nWorking in batches, fry the doughnuts and holes, turning once, until they are golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the doughnuts to the paper towels to drain and cool. Repeat until all the doughnuts and holes are fried. Make sure the shortening returns to 375 degrees F. between batches.nFor sugared doughnuts, roll the doughnuts in sugar or cinnamon sugar while they are still warm. To cover the doughnuts with confectioners sugar, allow them to cool completely before rolling in the sugar., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable shortening, plus more for deep frying, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup canned evaporated milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 1 teaspoon fine salt, For coating the doughnuts optional: 1 cup granulated sugar, or 1 cup granulated sugar mixed with 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, or 1 cup sifted confectioners sugar], title: Gerrys Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 55273: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToss cucumber with salt in large bowl. Cover with plate that rests directly on cucumbers weight down with 1pound can. Let stand 1 to 2 hours. Drain in colander rinse well.nCombine lemon juice, oil, sugar, and dill in serving bowl. Mix in onion and cucumber. Refrigerate overnight. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 large cucumbers, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil kosher for Passover, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 12 cup thinly sliced red onion], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: GPHH5wrwzEXlIoBQ5B3ChpksPh6IdK}, 55274: {instructions: Whisk 2 cups flour, 1 tablespoon each baking powder and sugar and 12 teaspoon each mustard powder and kosher salt in a large bowl. Stir in 34 cup shredded cheddar. Cut in 6 tablespoons diced cold butter until it is in peasize pieces stir in 1 cup heavy cream whisked with 3 tablespoons grainy mustard. Divide into 8 mounds on a parchmentlined baking sheet brush with more cream. Bake at 425 degrees F until golden, 20 to 25 minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: CheddarMustard Scones, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 55275: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. On a large piece of parchment paper, trace a circle 10 inches in diameter. Use this parchment paper to line a baking sheet, pencil side down you should still be able to see the circle. In a large saucepan, bring the water, butter, salt, and granulated sugar to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until all the flour is incorporated, 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 30 seconds to evaporate some of the moisture.nScrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or use a hand mixer. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running and, working 1 egg at a time, add 3 of the eggs, stopping after each addition to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add 1 more egg and mix until incorporated.nUsing a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip and using the pencil line as a guide, pipe the dough onto baking sheet in a ring. Pipe a second ring around the first one, hugging it so the 2 rings touch closely all the way around. Pipe a third circle, using up all the remaining dough, on the crack between the first 2 rings so that all 3 rings touch closely, forming 1 big ring with 3 parts.nWhisk the remaining egg with the water. Brush the surface of the dough with the egg wash do not use all of it. Sprinkle the almonds over the surface. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees and bake until puffed up and light golden brown, about 25 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet. The recipe can be made up to this point up to 24 hours in advance. Hold at room temperature, lightly covered with aluminum foil.nCustard: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan.nPour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Let cool slightly. Cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. The custard can be made up to 24 hours in advance. Refrigerate until 1 hour before using.nWhipped Cream: When ready to serve, whip the cream and brown sugar until stiff.nUsing a long serrated knife, cut the pastry ring in half horizontally. Set the top half aside. Using a clean pastry bag, pipe the custard filling onto the bottom half. Pipe the whipped cream on top of the custard. Place the top half of the pastry lightly on the whipped cream, dust with confectioners sugar, and serve, cut into sections., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 cup flour, 3 to 5 eggs, 1 12 teaspoons water, 12 cup sliced almonds, Custard, recipe follows, Whipped cream, recipe follows, Confectioners sugar, 2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups chilled heavy cream, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, packed], title: ParisBrest Custard Cake, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 55276: {instructions: Place the peaches and honey in the jar of a blender. Puree until smooth. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the milk almost to a boil over medium heat. In a second medium saucepan, blend together the egg yolks, sugar and salt with a wooden spoon until thick and light be careful not to make the mixture foamy. Slowly stir in half the hot milk, then transfer the mixture to the other saucepan with the remaining milk and stir until blended.nDecrease the heat to low and cook gently, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Continue stirring the custard until thick enough to coat the back of the spoon and the mixture reaches 175 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Remove from the heat.nSet a sieve over a large, clean bowl and pass the custard through the sieve. Discard any eggy solids. Add the peach puree and vanilla and stir to combine. Chill the custard completely over an ice bath made by filling a large bowl with ice cubes and water, or refrigerate it until chilled. Churn the ice cream according to the instructions for your icecream maker., ingredients: [4 large ripe peaches, skin on, pitted and quartered, 14 cup mild honey, 2 cups whole milk, 3 large egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Peach Ice Cream, picturelink: 34RLjLxuuesghcEl3bslZ7ZPqN5p1nq}, 55277: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium.nSlice the zucchini lengthwise, scoop out seeds and pulp and discard.nGrill the corn until charred, then remove them from the grill and cut the kernels off the cobs.nIn a medium bowl add the corn and the butter and toss to coat.nAdd the herbs and garlic and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in 1 to 2 ounces of the grated Parmesan.nStuff the zucchini with the corn mixture and grill over medium heat until warm. Sprinkle with the remaining Parmesan and serve when the cheese melts., ingredients: [4 medium zucchini, 4 ears corn, husks removed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 ounces grated Parmesan], title: Puget Sound Ferry Boats, picturelink: k6ww9nX4dDcUK1m.o1UMAUAnKgoB6u}, 55278: {instructions: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, the vinegar, cilantro, parsley, hot pepper sauce, salt and pepper. Leaving the blender running, add the chocolate syrup and then the cream of coconut in a slow thin stream to allow to emulsify. Taste and adjust seasoning, as needed, with salt and pepper.nToss together lettuce, onions, scallions, tarragon, cilantro, and cucumbers. Fold in watermelon, apricot, grapes, raisins, and chocolate chips. Add just enough dressing to coat, serving any additional dressing on the side. Serve with bacon crumbled on top., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup chocolate syrup, 12 cup cream of coconut recommended: Coco Lopez, 1 head Romaine lettuce, soaked and dried in a salad spinner, spines removed from leaves and torn into bitesized pieces, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 12 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced on the bias into 12inch slices, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 2 English cucumbers, diced small, 1 pint halved grape tomatoes, 1 seedless watermelon, diced small, 12 cup diced dried apricot, 1 cup halved white grapes, 12 cup chocolate covered raisins, 14 cup white chocolate chips, 14 semisweet chocolate chips, 14 pound bacon, cooked until crisp], title: Watermelon Salad with Chocolate Vinaigrette, picturelink: EHe3ZBVwqyfYaaUdxDoZjwx7gXRPORG}, 55279: {instructions: Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil and heat to the verge of smoking. Next, mix the salt and pepper evenly into the flour and coat both sides of each fillet of fish. Then add to the pan, cooking until browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and repeat on the second side until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Repeat with each fillet, holding the cooked fillets warm, covered with foil on a plate, until serving. Additional oil may be needed during the process. After searing the fish, add the wine to the pan to deglaze. Allow the wine to reduce by half, 3 to 4 minutes, then add the stock and reduce by threequarters volume, resulting in 1 cup sauce. This reduction will take 4 to 5 minutes. Then add the mushrooms, herbs and garlic. Stir and allow to finish, reducing by half again, a final 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter until creamy. Finish the fillets with the pan sauce and serve., ingredients: [14 cup grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Six 6 to 7ounce skinon, boneless bronzino fillets, 1 cup white wine, such as chardonnay, 3 cups mushroom stock or broth, 1 cup mushrooms, cut into quarters, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 stick butter, at room temperature], title: Pan Seared Bronzino with Mushroom Pan Jus, picturelink: RQH5Xo7CJBqHb60jykUCAWKtej.JsO}, 55280: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a glass baking dish, toss together the shrimp, garlic, bread crumbs, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and toss again. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and bake in the oven until the shrimp are just cooked through and the bread crumbs are golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes.nWhile the shrimp cook, heat a 10 or 12inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the remaining olive oil. When the oil is hot but not smoking, add the escarole to the pan and saute until wilted and tender. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve with the shrimp., ingredients: [16 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 34 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 lemons, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 heads escarole, cut in 18ths and cored], title: Crispy Lemony Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 55281: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season shrimp with salt, pepper and oregano. Place shrimp in hot pan or stovetop grill pan and cook 2 minutes per side, until opaque and cooked through.nMeanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine mayonnaise, chives, gherkins, and lemon zest. Mix well and season to taste with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl, combine ditalini, remaining olive oil, peppers, parsley, and vinegar. Toss to combine and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve the ditalini salad with 1 14 pounds of the shrimp and all of the tartar sauce. Reserve extra shrimp about 12 pound cooked for another meal., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 2 pounds large or extralarge shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced sweet gherkins, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Cooked ditalini 1 pound, 2 cups diced roasted red peppers from waterpacked jar, 1 bell pepper, seeded and diced, 13 cup diced pickled jalapeno peppers, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Shrimp with LemonChive Tartar Sauce, Ditalini Salad with Mixed Peppers, picturelink: uoK0hSWnFg2H8lxKLUuW8I.LDt6}, 55282: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners.nPut the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment and beat slowly until it is smooth and creamy. Add the granulated sugar and salt and cream at moderate speed until the mixture is light and fluffy, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd the eggs and egg whites together a little at a time, beating after each addition until the eggs are absorbed before adding more. Mix until light and fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl to insure even mixing, about 5 minutes.nSift together the cake flour and baking powder in a medium bowl and set aside. Mix the milk and vanilla together in a separate bowl. Add onequarter of the flour mixture to the butter and egg mixture and beat just until blended in. Add onethird of the milk mixture and beat just until blended in. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, alternating the flour with the milk, until all the ingredients are used. Scrape down the sides of the bowl occasionally for even mixing. Add 2 ounces of the frozen raspberries and continue mixing until the batter is a light pink color.nScoop some batter into each liner and crumble some of the remaining 3 ounces of raspberries on top of each. Sprinkle with the chocolate cookie crumbs and chocolate chips. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool completely before frosting.nFor the raspberry sauce: Put the raspberries, granulated sugar, lemon juice and 14 cup water in a pot and bring to a boil, stirring. Simmer until reduced, 10 to 15 minutes.nFor the cream cheese frosting: Cream together the cream cheese and butter until light and fluffy using an electric mixer. Slowly add the confectioners sugar and mix until well combined. Mix in the vanilla.nTo assemble, core out the center of each cupcake and fill with some raspberry sauce. Frost with the cream cheese frosting., ingredients: [1 12 cups 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 whole eggs plus 12 cup egg whites, at room temperature, 3 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon plus 34 teaspoon baking powder, 1 34 cups milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 5 ounces frozen raspberries, 3 cups chocolate sandwich cookie crumbs, such as Oreos, 12 cup mini chocolate chips, 12 ounces frozen raspberries, 1 12 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 12 cups cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla], title: Rockin Raspberry Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 55283: {instructions: Add all the ingredients to a large pitcher. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 3 hours for the flavors to meld.nAdd ice to wine glasses and add the sangria. Top with a splash of club soda and garnish with an orange slice., ingredients: [1 magnum bottle Sauvignon Blanc, chilled, 23 cup peach schnapps, 14 cup honey, 1 to 2 large Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced, 1 orange, sliced, plus slices, for garnish, 1 lemon, sliced, Ice cubes, Club soda], title: Ginas White Sangria, picturelink: null}, 55284: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saucepan over low heat. Whisk in the flour, and add the milk slowly, whisking as you go. Let the sauce simmer over a very low flame for about 10 minutes. Stir in the cheese, dry mustard, Worcestershire, salt, white pepper and cayenne., ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 2 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, 8 ounces sharp white Cheddar, shredded, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon white pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste], title: White Cheddar Mornay, picturelink: null}, 55285: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nReconstitute the sundried tomatoes by soaking them in boiling water for 10 minutes. Remove the tomatoes from the water and chop them.nSlice the stems off of the mushrooms so they can lay completely flat. Slice each cap in half so you have 8 round mushroom slices. Carefully cut each slice into a heart shape with a cookie cutter.nTop half of the heart shaped mushrooms with 1 tablespoon of tomatoes and 1 tablespoon of cheese. Top with remaining mushroom slices. Brush the top side of each sandwich with olive oil.nPreheat a large, nonstick skillet or grill pan. Place the mushroom sandwiches in the pan carefully, oil side down, and cook for 2 minutes. Brush the top half with oil, flip, and cook for 2 minutes more. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [4 sundried tomatoes, 4 portobello mushroom caps, 2 ounces each, 14 cup crumbled Gorgonzola, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Heart Shaped Portobello Panini, picturelink: TOnRqfq.XAAq.op4VACWbYc4Sb1YvyO}, 55286: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.nCream the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar until fluffy. Add the vanilla and eggs and beat for an additional 2 minutes. Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt and mix until fully incorporated. Add the chocolate chips and mix until well distributed. The cookie dough should be somewhat thick.nScoop up about 2 tablespoons of the dough per cookie or use a medium cookie scoop and plop the dough onto the baking sheets. Bake until the edges are golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes. Allow the cookies to stay on the baking sheets for an additional 2 minutes. Pick up the parchment paper with the cookies still on top and transfer to a cool nonporous surface. Allow the cookies to cool on the paper for at least 3 minutes before serving. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks salted butter, softened, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 eggs, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon medium coarse sea salt, 2 14 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough, picturelink: null}, 55287: {instructions: Preheat oven 400 degrees F.nParbake pie shell for 10 to 12 minutes until lightly browned. Remove from oven.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment mix together yams, eggs, vanilla, cinnamon, allspice and brown sugar until smooth.nPour mixture into parbaked pie shell. Wrap the rim of the crust with foil. Place into oven at 325 degrees F and bake for 1 hour.nRemove from oven and allow to cool completely on a rack before cutting and serving., ingredients: [1 premade pie shell, 2 12ounce cans yams, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 cup brown sugar], title: Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: null}, 55288: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. and grease cookie sheets. Cream the butter with the brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add the molasses and egg and beat until smooth. Sift the flour with baking soda, ginger, cinnamon and cloves. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and beat until well blended. Pinch off a little of the dough and roll it into 1inch balls dough may be very moist, if so, dip hands in warm water before forming balls. Dip each ball into the granulated sugar and arrange sugar side up on prepared baking sheet approximately 2 inches apart. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until cracked on top., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup molasses, 1 egg, 2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of ground cloves, 12 cup granulated sugar], title: Gingersnaps, picturelink: null}, 55289: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUse a knife to lop off the top and bottom of the squash. Slice the skin off the sides, then cut the squash in half lengthwise and remove the seeds. Cut the squash into large pieces, cut the pieces into slices, cut the slices into matchsticks and then cut the matchsticks into dice. Divide the squash between 2 baking sheets.nTrim the Brussels sprouts, then cut them in half if desired or you can leave them whole. Arrange them on the baking sheets with the squash and add the red onions. Drizzle the vegetables with the olive oil, sprinkle with the chili powder, salt and pepper and toss. Roast until browned, 25 to 30 minutes.nTip the vegetables into a serving dish, drizzle with the pomegranate molasses and sprinkle on the pomegranate seeds. Toss and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash, 2 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, 4 red onions, cut into chunks, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon chili powder, Pinch kosher salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pomegranate molasses, 1 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Beautiful Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: XpIgPISpuRLqYW7dfnepTZbCQc6fp1G}, 55290: {instructions: Preheat the broiler on high.nIn a saute pan on medium heat, melt the butter and saute the black beans, garlic and shallots. Add the ham and stir. Remove from heat and transfer to a small bowl and fold in with the panko and lemon juice. Check for seasoning.nTop each shucked clam with the seasoned crumbs. Place the lined salt tray under the broiler for 3 minutes. Remove preheated tray and place clams on top. Place under the broiler until browned, about 3 minutes.nPlate clams on another plate lined with salt. Sprinkle with pink peppercorns and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 dozen small clams, like Manila, shucked, reserving the bottom shell, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 2 shallots, minced, 2 ounces Chinese ham, cut into 18inch dice or Smithfield Ham, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 12 lemon, juiced, Canola oil, to cook, 1 tablespoon whole pink peppercorns, for garnish, Sea salt or gros sel, to coat baking hotel pantray], title: Black Bean Clams Casino, picturelink: null}, 55291: {instructions: Special equipment: A piping bagnFor the cookies: Whisk together the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, allspice and ginger in a medium bowl and set aside.nBeat the butter, brown sugar and molasses together in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the vanilla, eggs and orange zest. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and mix until incorporated. Add the spiced flour mixture and beat until the dough just comes together. Fold in the chocolate chips. Scoop the dough into 1 12inch balls and refrigerate on a plate or baking sheet until firm, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, adjust the oven racks to the top and lower third of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nArrange the chilled dough balls about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the tops of the hermits are no longer glossy and the edges are firm, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheets for a few minutes and then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nFor the glaze: While the cookies cool, mix the confectioners sugar, egg whites and vanilla seeds in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until smooth and shiny.nTransfer the glaze to a piping bag and pipe stripes onto the cooled hermits. Store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 18 teaspoon ground ginger, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup unsulfured molasses, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, Zest of 1 orange, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 large egg whites or a combination of 4 teaspoons meringue powder mixed with 14 cup water, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped out], title: Hermit Cookies, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 55292: {instructions: Heat a large pot of salted water over mediumhigh heat and add the potatoes. Cook uncovered until the potatoes are slightly tender but not mushy, about 5 minutes after the water reaches a rolling simmer. Drain the potatoes and reserve on a papertowellined sheet tray.nHeat 3 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large saute pan set over mediumlow heat. Saute the onions until translucent, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low, add the vinegar and continue to saute until the onions are slightly golden brown and caramelized, about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nIn large bowl, whisk together the mustard, lemon juice, a pinch each salt and pepper and the caramelized onions. Slowly whisk in the remaining 14 cup oil to emulsify. Add the cooked potatoes and mix to coat. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper if necessary. Add the eggs and gently stir, then serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 3 pounds red bliss potatoes, cut into bitesize pieces, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Juice of 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 hardboiled eggs, chopped], title: Fireside Potato Salad, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 55293: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, add olive oil. Add the shrimp shells and toast until opaque and a little crunchy, about 10 minutes, tossing frequently. Add half the onion, the carrot and celery and cook, stirring, until softened. Stir in tomato paste and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add the water, bay leaf, and peppercorns, bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, about 30 minutes. Strain you should have about 2 cups stock if more, return stock to clean saucepan and reduce over medium heat.nIn a skillet, melt on medium heat the 4 tablespoons of butter, add the remaining onion, and cook until softened and translucent, about 3 minutes. Add garlic, cumin, thyme, basil, red pepper, and paprika and cook another 2 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice. Carefully arrange shrimp in a pan large enough to hold them without overlapping.nPour seasoned butter over shrimp and mix well with shrimp. Bake until just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Do not overcook or you will have rubbery shrimp.nRemove shrimp from pan and place pan back on stovetop over mediumhigh heat to make the sauce. Add beer and 1 cup shrimp stock to the seasoned butter, cook until reduced to 13 volume.nWhisk in cold stick butter, 23 pats at a time, until sauce holds together. Remove from heat and adjust seasoning with salt, pepper and hot sauce. Arrange shrimp on a platter and drizzle with sauce. Garnish with sliced green onion., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds 21 to 25 count shrimp, peeled and deveined, reserving shells, 1 small white onion, finely diced, divided, 1 carrot, peeled and grated, 1 small celery stalk, finely diced, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 1 quart water, 1 small bay leaf, 1 teaspoon lightly crushed black peppercorns, 4 tablespoons butter, plus 1 stick cold butter cut into tablespoon size pieces, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon ground red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 lemon, juiced, 1 bottle beer recommended: Abita, Hot sauce, to taste, 14 cup sliced green onion], title: Sloshed Shrimp, picturelink: PrW4XQuWy7MsH5MpranQBm7q7OaPLO}, 55294: {instructions: For the lemon knots: Combine the flour, granulated sugar and baking powder together in a bowl. Add the shortening and work it into the flour.nAdd the milk, extract, eggs and cinnamon oil in a separate bowl. Mix well. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and work with your hands until combined. The dough will be sticky to the touch.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDust your hands with flour and roll a 5inch ropelike log out of the dough. Make the dough log into a knot. Place the dough knot onto a cookie sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough. Bake until firm to the touch, about 6 minutes.nFor the glaze: Combine the powdered sugar and milk and use to glaze the lemon knots., ingredients: [12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 tablespoons allvegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 12 cup 2percent milk, 2 teaspoons lemon extract, 12 eggs, 2 drops cinnamon oil, 2 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup milk or water], title: Lemon Knots, picturelink: null}, 55295: {instructions: Special equipment: 10cup bundt pannFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease a 10cup bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray. Dust with cocoa powder and tap out the excess.nIn a medium bowl, combine the allpurpose flour, whole wheat flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt.nMelt the oil and chocolate together over a double boiler, whisking to combine. Remove from the heat, and add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition. Stir in the pureed beets. Add the dry ingredient mixture in three parts, stirring to just combine after each addition. Pour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top and place in the oven. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, 45 to 55 minutes.nFor the glaze: In a medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar, milk and vanilla extract until smooth. Drizzle over the cooled cake., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, Cocoa powder, for dusting, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup vegetable oil, 4 ounces dark chocolate, coarsely chopped, 4 eggs, 2 cups pureed cooked beets, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Beet Bundt Cake, picturelink: PHZxpLabgwlyfpv5GGKEIIolEmhKn06}, 55296: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place bread in a round, buttered, deep dish pie plate. In a medium bowl whisk together eggs, milk, sugar, a dash of salt, vanilla, cocoa, and cinnamon . Add chocolate chips. Pour over bread and gently mix. Let sit for 15 minutes, so bread can absorb mixture. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until firm but not dry., ingredients: [2 12 cups cutup stale bread, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 eggs, 2 tablespoons cocoa, 2 cups milk, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup sugar, 34 cup chocolate chips, Salt], title: Chocolate Bread Pudding, picturelink: A8eLjnA2xxUnllLnrbvcpg.htlyyqee}, 55297: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Combine flour, oats, brown sugar, cinnamon, baking soda, salt and nutmeg in large bowl. Cut in butter with pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 1 34 cups crumb mixture press remaining crumb mixture onto bottom of an ungreased 13 x 9inch baking pan. Bake 15 minutes.nARRANGE apples over partially baked crust. Mix sweetened condensed milk and 12 cup caramel topping until blended. Pour evenly over apples. Add walnuts to reserved crumb mixture sprinkle over apple layer.nBAKE 45 to 50 minutes or until apples are tender. Cool in pan on wire rack. Serve warm topped with vanilla ice cream and remaining caramel topping., ingredients: [2 14 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 13 cups quickcooking oats, 23 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 34 tsp. baking soda, 34 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. ground nutmeg, 1 cup cold butter, cut up, 5 medium cooking apples, peeled, cored and thinly sliced, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 12 14 oz. jar Smuckersu00ae Caramel Flavored Topping, divided, 1 cup chopped walnuts, Vanilla ice cream], title: Caramel Apple Streusel Squares, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 55298: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Blend the tofu in a food processor until smooth. Add the confectioners sugar, cream cheese, flour and vanilla and puree until combined.nStack the phyllo sheets on a flat surface and cover with a slightly damp kitchen towel. Cut a piece of parchment paper slightly longer than the phyllo. Lay 1 sheet phyllo on the parchment with a long side facing you keep the remaining phyllo covered. Brush with 1 tablespoon butter and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon graham cracker crumbs. Top with another sheet of phyllo, then more butter and crumbs. Repeat with the remaining phyllo sheets, topping each with butter and crumbs. Reserve the remaining butter and crumbs for topping.nSpoon the tofu mixture across the length of the phyllo, leaving a 1inch border at the long edge closest to you and a 2inch border at the short ends. Sprinkle the raspberries on top of the tofu mixture. Starting with the long edge, use the parchment to roll the phyllo tightly over the filling to make a log turn seamside down on the parchment. Brush with the remaining butter and sprinkle with the remaining crumbs.nTransfer the parchment and strudel to a baking sheet. Bake until golden, about 18 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through. Slide the strudel onto a cutting board and let cool completely, about 1 hour. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [6 ounces firm silken tofu, at room temperature, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 5 sheets frozen phyllo dough, thawed, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 6 tablespoons graham cracker crumbs, 1 cup raspberries], title: Raspberry Strudel, picturelink: jASLGTzRJ97b52sc8CoqZC8HChYS}, 55299: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steak: In a large, resealable plastic bag, mix the soy sauce, sesame oil, chiles and ginger. Add the steak to the marinade, seal the bag, and move the steak around to coat it with marinade. Marinate the steak in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours or ideally overnight.nFor the bruschetta: In a medium bowl, toss the tomatoes with the sesame oil, olive oil, vinegar, basil, sesame seeds and salt. Set aside.nRemove the steak from the refrigerator 30 minutes prior to cooking preheat a grill pan over high heat.nOil the grill pan with the vegetable oil. Season the steak on both sides with the 12 teaspoon salt. Grill over high heat until nicely marked and cooked to the desired doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes per side for medium. Allow the steak to rest for 10 minutes before slicing on an angle, against the grain.nServe topped with the marinated tomatoes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 Thai chiles, chopped, 2 teaspoons grated ginger, One 1pound skirt steak, cut in half, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, for oiling the grill pan, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups diced tomatoes about 3 medium tomatoes, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 teaspoons white sesame seeds, toasted, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Skirt Steak With Asian Bruschetta, picturelink: .DvY44HOr3Q.ktddFcLtWKZKU8G5Ga}, 55300: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.n2. Melt the butter in a medium nonreactive and oven safe skillet over medium heat. Add the granola, 1 tablespoon of the flour and 1 tablespoon sugar and toss until the sugar is dissolved and the granola is wellcoated. Transfer to a bowl set aside. Reserve the skillet.n3. Pour the apples into the skillet toss with the pumpkin pie spice, lemon juice and remaining 14 cup sugar. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the apples are juicy and slightly softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon flour. Scatter the reserved granola mixture evenly over the top and transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake until the crisp is bubbling and the apples are tender, about 35 to 40 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups storebought oat granola, recommended: Bear Naked Maple Pecan, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, plus 14 cup, 5 crisp apples, such as Fuji or Gala about 2 12 pounds, peeled, cored and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Skillet GranolaApple Crisp, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 55301: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the almond paste and sugar in a large mixing bowl and beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until the almond paste is softened and the sugar well incorporated, about 5 minutes. Add the cocoa powder and blend just until combined.nAdd the egg whites a little bit at a time, incorporating fully after each addition. Egg whites are difficult to pour in small amounts, so hold a rubber spatula against the rim of the bowl and use it to cut the egg whites as they are poured. If you add the egg whites all at once, the mixture will be lumpy because the difference in consistency between the egg whites and the almond paste mixture is too great. Use a rubber spatula to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. You may or may not need all of the egg whites depending on the moistness and age of your almond paste. Stop mixing when the mixture reaches a consistency soft enough to pipe like toothpaste.nPlace the batter in a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip. Pipe 1inch mounds onto a parchment papercovered baking sheet. It will be easier if you hold the pastry bag at a slight angle and allow the tip to touch the parchment as you start to pipe. Once you have formed the mound, stop squeezing and lift the tip straight up, leaving a small tail on the top of each mound. Space the macaroons about 1inch apart to allow for spreading. Pipe carefully: Your macaroons will look nicest when they are sandwiched together if they are all the same size.nImmediately before placing them in the oven, liberally sprinkle granulated sugar over the macaroons. This will give them a nice crust that will keep the inside moist and chewy. Bake until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. The top of each macaroon should be very finely cracked, a characteristic for which they are known. If overbaked, the macaroons will be dry and crunchy.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and immediately pour 14 cup of water onto the baking sheet under the parchment paper. Be careful: If you get any water on the macaroons, they will be soggy. You will need to tilt the baking sheet to spread the water evenly. Let it sit for 2 minutes. The water will loosen the macaroons from the paper. Remove the macaroons from the paper 2 at a time and stick them together, matching the flat sides. Do not put them back on the hot, wet baking sheet or they will become soggy.nThe macaroons can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days or well wrapped in the freezer for up to 1 week. Unwrap them before bringing back to room temperature, or the condensation will make them soggy., ingredients: [7 ounces almond paste, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup cocoa powder, 2 large egg whites, Sugar, for topping], title: Chocolate Macaroons, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 55302: {instructions: COMBINE first four ingredients in small bowl. Whisk until blended. Refrigerate 30 minutes before serving.nSERVE with dippers such as fresh fruit, graham cracker sticks and pretzels., ingredients: [12 cup marshmallow creme, 14 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 tsp. lemon juice, 2 tsps. water, Fresh fruit or graham cracker sticks], title: Marshmallow Peanut Butter Dip, picturelink: null}, 55303: {instructions: Put beans in a large pot with enough water to cover by about 2 inches. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to a medium and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes. Drain beans, reserving cooking liquid, then transfer beans to a 2quart bean pot or Dutch oven.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees. Place salt pork in a small pot, add water to cover, then bring to a boil over high heat. Drain pork and add to beans. In a small bowl, dissolve mustard in 1 teaspoon warm water. Add dissolved mustard, molasses, and rum to beans. Season with salt and pepper, and mix gently but thoroughly.nHeat reserved cooking liquid in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Pour enough of the liquid about 3 cups into bean pot so that beans are moist but not floating. Reserve remaining cooking liquid. Cover pot and bake, checking occasionally to ensure that beans are not drying out, adding reserved cooking liquid as needed. Cook until beans are soft, about 5 hours.nRemove cover, gently stir beans, and return to oven. Bake uncovered until cooking liquid thickens into a sauce. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and serve with brown bread if you like., ingredients: [1 pound dried white beans, such as Maine yelloweye, great northern, navy, or cannellini, 14 pound salt pork, diced, 1 teaspoon dried mustard, 12 cup fullflavored molasses, 2 tablespoons dark rum, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: brown bread], title: DownEast Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 55304: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFold in the salmon and season with the salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pint 2 cups sour cream, 1 tablespoon double concentrate tomato paste from a tube, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons drained, jarred capers, 12 medium red onion, finely chopped, 14 pound smoked salmon, shredded ask your deli counter person for the end pieces, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Smoked Salmon Dip, picturelink: U4r4.0dxX220SVsS1KSVtvKGLt4TFKO}, 55305: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8inchsquare pan. Cream the butter and sugar in a medium bowl until light and fluffy, using a hand mixer about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time while mixing, and then add the vanilla. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt in a small bowl. Add half the flour to the butter mixture and combine. Add the lemon juice and zest, mix, and add the remaining flour, mixing again to combine. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake until the cake springs back when lightly pressed, about 20 minutes.nFor the glaze: Combine the confectioners sugar, lemon zest and lemon juice and mix well. Mix until thoroughly incorporated. Pour over the cake., ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 12 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Juice and zest of 12 lemon, 34 cup confectioners sugar, Zest and juice of 12 lemon], title: Lemon Tea Cake, picturelink: GUWuXTZOXbAsquUI1i51cus9UPRiaOO}, 55306: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSet a 10inch nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Brush each fillet with the oil and sprinkle with kosher salt and black pepper. Place the fillets in the pan flesh side down. Cook for 2 minutes. Turn each fillet over and continue to cook for another 2 minutes. Transfer the fillets to a plate, cover loosely with foil, and allow to rest for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Two 6ounce coho salmon fillets, 1 18 to 1 14inches thick, pin bones removed, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Coho Salmon Fillets, picturelink: hMJkK3WAzehyy4HMuqFhh09A.frCX9C}, 55307: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Brush the sliced vegetables with 14 cup canola oil. Season with salt and pepper and place on the grill. Cook until they have slightly charred and softened slightly, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a baking sheet.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the garlic, Italian seasoning, vinegar, remaining 14 cup canola oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle half of the dressing over the grilled vegetables. Stir the chopped olives into the remaining dressing.nCut the bread into 4 equal pieces and slice open. Spread the olive dressing evenly on 4 bottom pieces of the bread. Top with a single layer of each of the vegetables, reserving the remaining vegetables for Round 2 Recipe Ratatouille Pasta. Sprinkle the cheese over each and place the remaining 4 bread pieces on top. Place in a panini press and cook until well toasted, about 5 minutes. Or place on a welloiled grill pan and place a heavy hot castiron skillet or griddle on top of the sandwiches, and grill until the bread is well toasted, about 5 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 medium eggplant, sliced on the bias into 14inch strips, 1 medium onion, peeled and sliced into 14inch rounds, 1 green bell pepper, stem and seeds removed, sliced in 8 pieces, 1 medium yellow squash, sliced on the bias into 14inch strips, 12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup green olives, finely chopped, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 French baguet], title: Grilled Vegetable Panini, picturelink: 2tYqAMFHJMmPns1qCsnJzsilYG1QDV6}, 55308: {instructions: Fill a large pot with 2 quarts water, add 2 teaspoons salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat add the shrimp, and let sit off the heat until the shrimp is pinkorange and slightly firm, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a colander with a slotted spoon and rinse under cold water until cool enough to handle.nReturn the water to a boil, then reduce to a simmer over low heat. Gently lower the eggs into the water with a large ladle, two at a time, and let simmer exactly 14 minutes.nMeanwhile, peel and chop the shrimp and put them in a large bowl. Saute the bacon in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until firm and just turning golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nWhen the eggs are done, transfer to a colander and rinse under cold water until cool enough to handle, about 2 minutes. Peel the eggs and halve lengthwise. Separate the whites from the yolks coarsely chop the whites and add them to the bowl with the shrimp. Press the yolks through a mesh strainer into a separate bowl. Add the mayonnaise, hot sauce, mustard and 12 teaspoon salt to the yolks and whisk until the mixture is the consistency of cake batter, about 1 minute.nUsing a rubber spatula, fold the yolk mixture into the shrimp mixture until the shrimp is evenly coated with the deviledegg dressing. Season with salt and pepper and toss again. The shrimp and deviledegg salad will keep in the refrigerator, covered, for 2 days.nTo serve, load 1 piece of lettuce and 1 tomato slice into each of the bun halves spread about 12 cup of the shrimp and deviledegg salad in each. Garnish with the bacon and scallions.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound large shellon shrimp, deveined, 6 large eggs, 2 ounces slab bacon or 2 strips thickcut bacon, finely diced, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, Freshly ground pepper, 4 butter lettuce leaves, halved, 2 vineripened tomatoes, cut into 8 slices, 4 toploading hotdog buns, halved crosswise, 2 scallions, finely sliced], title: Shrimp and DeviledEgg Salad Rolls, picturelink: T2QdyjsjC2R9yE0aLkkzNyejcuwStQC}, 55309: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and onion and saute 2 minutes. Add cabbage and turn in pan, sauteing it until it wilts, 3 to 5 minutes. Add vinegar to the pan and turn the cabbage in it. Sprinkle sugar over the cabbage and turn again. Season with mustard seed, salt and pepper and reduce heat a bit. Let cabbage continue to cook 10 minutes or until ready to serve, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, sliced, 12 red cabbage, shredded, 13 cup white or apple cider vinegar, eyeball it, 2 rounded tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon mustard seed, Salt and pepper], title: Sauteed Red Cabbage, picturelink: wIauABOh1aGfGQ9HWhPaAhQXv3AoK4K}, 55310: {instructions: Place all ingredients except for the cornmeal, in the order listed into the bread pan fitted with the kneading paddle and secure in the Cuisinart Bread Maker. Press menu button to select the dough program. Press start to mix, knead and rise. For best mixing results, scrape the pan 10 to 15 minutes after the program has started.nWhen cycle is completed, remove dough and transfer to a lightly floured surface. Punch to deflate and let rest for 10 minutes.nDivide dough into two equal pieces. Shape each piece of dough into a long narrow baguette and place on a baking sheet that has been dusted with cornmeal. Cover loosely with plastic wrap and let rise 30 to 40 minutes. While baguettes rise, place a pan of hot water on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nDust dough gently with additional flour. Make 4 diagonal slashes in each loaf about 14inch deep using a serrated knife. Bake bread in preheated oven 25 to 30 minutes until browned and hollow sounding when tapped. Cool on a wire rack. Bread slices best when allowed to cool completely., ingredients: [118 cups water, room temperature, 112 teaspoons salt, 34 teaspoon granulated sugar, 3 cups bread flour, 2 tablespoons wheat germ, 134 teaspoons yeast, active dry, instant or bread machine cornmeal for dusting], title: French Bread Baguettes, picturelink: null}, 55311: {instructions: Coat a small saucepan with 2 tablespoons of olive oil and place over medium heat. Fry the sage until the leaves crisp up, about 2 minutes. Gently remove to a paper towel. Then, fry the prosciutto until crispy and remove with a slotted spoon.nCoat the saucepan with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add the shallot and saute for 2 minutes. Deglaze the pan with wine and balsamic vinegar, cook down about 3 minutes. Add the sugar, salt, and pepper. Set the beets in the poaching liquid and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Set beets aside to cool and reserve the poaching liquid. When cool enough to handle, rub off the beet skins with paper towel. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nWith a hot knife, cut the goat cheese log into 4 equal wheels. Lay the crushed pistachios on a flat surface and gently press the cheese into the nuts to coat all sides.nArrange a handful of frisee, watercress and beet greens on each plate. Lay the beets and goat cheese slices on top. Top with fried sage and crispy prosciutto. Whisk the cooled poaching liquid with olive oil season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the vinaigrette over each salad and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 fresh whole sage leaves, 2 slices prosciutto, julienned, 1 shallot, sliced in rings, 1 750 ml bottle pinot noir, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Salt and pepper, 12 red baby beets, trimmed, 1 4 to 6 ounce goat cheese log, 6 ounces pistachios, crushed, 1 head frisee, torn in bitesize pieces, 1 bunch watercress, stems discarded, Beet greens, from trimmings, 14 cup olive oil], title: Baby Beets and Pistachio Crusted Goat Cheese on a Bed of Frisee with Pinot Noir Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 55312: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. If you plan to bake the brownies, and butter a 9inch square baking pan. Otherwise, preheat a waffle iron. In a small bowl, mix together the flour, baking soda and salt. In a small, heavy saucepan, combine the sugar, butter and milk. Place over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil, stirring until the butter has melted. Remove from the heat. Add the unsweetened chocolate and vanilla. Stir until the chocolate melts and the mixture is smooth. Place into a pan of cold water to cool the mixture to room temperature.nWith an electric mixer, beat in the eggs. Gradually blend in the flour mixture until smooth.nSpread evenly into the prepared pan if you are baking the brownies. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes until the center is just set and feels firm when touched. Cool completely before attempting to cut, these are very rich and gooey Dust with powdered sugar and cut into squares.nTo make brownies in waffle iron: Drop rounded spoonfuls of the brownie mixture into the preheated waffle iron. Close the iron and cook for about 2 minutes until the brownies are done. Remove and cool on a rack. Dust with powdered sugar before serving, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 13 cup butter, 2 tablespoons milk, 2 ounces 2 squares unsweetened chocolate, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 large eggs, Powdered sugar for serving, if desired], title: WaffleIron Brownies, picturelink: null}, 55313: {instructions: Preheat a charcoal grill until the coals are white hot. Score the foie gras with a sharp knife and salt the foie gras liberally with Kosher salt. Place on the grill and cover to prevent flameups. Turn the foie gras after 2 to 3minutes and cook on the other side until its medium rarenTo serve, place the roasted peeled peppers in the center of the plate. Garnish with diced pineapple. Then, using a squirt bottle filled with mole sauce, paint the plate liberally. Place the cooked foie gras in the center of the plate, on top of the roasted peppers and garnish with the freshnToast all dry spices and chilies until dark in a 350 degree oven. Combine all ingredients and bring to a rapid boil, reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Puree all in a blender then add Kosher salt to t, ingredients: [4ounce portion foie gras, 2 large roasted and peeled yellow peppers, 2 ounces fresh pineapple diced, 6 ounces prepared mole, recipe follows, 3 ounces fresh chives, clipped, 1 quart chicken stock, 6 ounces dried mango, 12 fresh pineapple, chopped, 12 cup sherry, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 chipotle pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 white onion, peeled and chopped, 6 cloves fresh garlic, 13 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup sesame seeds, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate Callebaut, 1ounce Worcestershire sauce, 4 fried corn tortillas, cut into strips, 2 tablespoons safflower oil], title: Grilled Sonoma Foie Gras with Oaxacan Mole, picturelink: null}, 55314: {instructions: Bring the water, butter, salt and green beans to a boil in a Dutch oven or large deep skillet. Cover and steam over mediumhigh heat until the vegetable is brightly colored and just tender, 5 to 10 minutes.nRemove the lid and continue to cook until the liquid evaporates, 1 to 2 minutes longer, adding the tarragon at this point. Saute to intensify flavors, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Adjust seasonings, including pepper to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, stemmed, 13 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh tarragon], title: SteamSauteed Green Beans with Butter and Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 55315: {instructions: Squeeze the lemon juice over the bananas. Melt the brown sugar and butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place the bananas in the skillet cutside down and saute, flipping carefully once color has developed on one side. Sprinkle the cinnamon over the bananas.nRemove the skillet from the heat and add the rum. Carefully ignite with the flame from the stove or a match. As the flames begin to subside, carefully spoon the sauce over the bananas.nPrepare 4 serving dishes with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream. Top with a banana slice and generously spoon the sauce on top. Serve right away., ingredients: [1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 bananas, halved lengthwise, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup dark rum, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Bananas Foster, picturelink: null}, 55316: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Combine the tamari, oil, lime juice, ginger and chiles in a medium bowl. Add the chicken to the bowl and coat it in the marinade. Marinate for about 1 hour at room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the marinade, and discard the remaining marinade.nPlace the chicken on a baking sheet and roast until the internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F, 20 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven and rest it for 10 minutes. Once cool enough to handle, shred the meat.nFor the wrap: In a separate bowl, combine the cabbage, peanuts, lime juice and basil. Season with salt and pepper.nLay out 1 lettuce leaf, place onequarter of the shredded chicken, then 12 cup cabbage salad in the leaf. Repeat for the remaining lettuce and filling. Fold the wraps and enjoy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons glutenfree tamari, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 2 red Thai chiles, half seeded and finely chopped, Four 5ounce boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 2 cups finely shredded red cabbage, 1 tablespoon chopped roasted peanuts, 2 teaspoons lime juice, 4 large basil leaves, finely sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large green lettuce leaves], title: Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 55317: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the olive oil in a pot over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and saute until starting to soften, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the ground beef and sausage and cook until browned. Drain off almost all of the fat, leaving a bit behind for flavor and moisture. Add the tomato sauce, tomatoes, Italian seasoning, red pepper flakes and some salt and pepper. Stir, bring to a simmer and simmer for 25 to 30 minutes. Remove 3 to 4 cups of the cooked sauce to a bowl to cool down.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add some salt. Cook the ziti until not quite al dente.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix 2 cups of the grated mozzarella, the ricotta, Parmesan, parsley, eggs and some salt and pepper. Stir together just a couple of times do not mix completely.nDrain the pasta and rinse under cool water to stop the cooking and cool it down. Pour it into the bowl with the cheese mixture and toss to slightly combine there should still be large lumps. Add the cooled reserved meat sauce and toss to combine.nAdd half the coated pasta to a large casserole dish or lasagna dish. Spoon half of the remaining sauce over the top, then top with half the remaining mozzarella. Repeat with another layer of the coated pasta and the remaining sauce and mozzarella.nBake until bubbling, about 20 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before sprinkling with chopped parsley to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large onion, diced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound Italian sausage, Two 14.5ounce cans tomato sauce or marinara sauce, One 28ounce can whole tomatoes with juice, 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ziti, 1 12 pounds mozzarella, grated, One 15ounce tub wholemilk ricotta, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, plus more for sprinkling, 2 eggs], title: Baked Ziti, picturelink: 6aTkAno.KI1kyuxAmHzT8YdjtCmPkYS}, 55318: {instructions: Lightly spray vegetables with a cooking spray. Place vegetables in a nonstick baking dish and broil until brown, about 3 minutes. Allow vegetables to cool. Combine tomatoes, basil, garlic, tomato paste, brown sugar, salt and pepper in a saucepan and heat. Add vegetables and simmer about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile in a small saucepan, combine White Bean Gravy with white wine and heat thoroughly.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Fill tortillas with the vegetable mixture, then fold into enchiladas. Place in a baking dish and bake for about 20 minutes or until enchiladas are brown. Before serving, cover with heated gravy. Serve with beans and rice.nIn a saucepan, mix limas, water, butter and onion and bring to a boil. After 20 minutes, test the beans for tenderness. if beans are not soft, cook and additional 5 to 10 minutes. Add more water if the beans look dry. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cream, using a handheldnmixer to puree the mixture or you can puree it in a blender or food processor. Make a paste by mixing the cornstarch and water together. Add this to the mixture in the pan over low heat, stirring until the gravy is thick. Season with salt and pepper. Yield:4 servings, ingredients: [1 cup mixed vegetables, sliced any combination of vegetables such as: small Japanese sliced eggplant, cabbage, cucumber asian enlich or burp, asparagus, carrots, beans, etc., 5 large tomatoes, peeled and diced or one 24ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh basil, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, 34 cup Bean White Gravy see recipe, 14 cup dry white wine, 12 flour tortillas, 1 cup lima beans, soaked overnight and drained, 1 12 cups water, 14 stick 1ounce butter, 12 medium onion, diced, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Vegetable Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 55319: {instructions: Remove the tough stems from pea shoots and discard. Wash in cold water and spindry in a salad spinner. Set aside.nIn a bowl, combine the shrimp with the egg white, cornstarch and oil for the marinade. Let stand 20 minutes.nIn a wok, heat the 2 tablespoons oil until just smoking. Add the scallion, ginger and garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the shrimp and stirfry, tossing constantly, until the shrimp just turn pink, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the yellow bean sauce, soy sauce, water and pea shoots. Toss to wilt shoots, about 2 minutes.nRemove from the heat, drizzle with sesame oil, and stir to blend. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 to 4 cups lightly packed pea shoots dau mui, about 34 to 1 pound, 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 egg white, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 scallion, green and white parts minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 tablespoons yellow bean sauce, 2 teaspoons thin soy sauce, 14 cup water or unsalted or lowsodium chicken stock, 2 teaspoons roasted sesame oil], title: Pea Shoots with Velvet Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 55320: {instructions: Place the brownies and ice cream in chilled bowls and set aside in the refrigerator. Thaw and strain the frozen cherries. In a medium saucepan, whisk together the juice from the frozen cherries, brandy and the cornstarch. In a saute pan, over high heat, melt the butter and sugar. Add the fresh and frozen cherries. Carefully pour in the brandy mixture. If it does not burst into flames spontaneously, ignite with a match. Gently swirl the pan. Soak the sugar cubes in the rum. Pour the cherries around the ice cream. Top with a glob of marshmallow cream and plant a sugar cube on top. Light the cube with a match.nMarshmallow Cream: In a small saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer, bring the water, corn syrup, and 34 cup of the sugar to 246 degrees F firm ball. In the meantime, in a completely clean, dry mixing bowl, with an electric mixer, whisk the egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar until creamy and foamy, about 2 minutes. Still whisking, sprinkle in the remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar and continue to whisk until the whites hold very soft peaks, about 2 minutes. While mixing on slow speed, carefully drizzle in the hot syrup. Turn the mixer to high and whisk until thick, fluffy, and just warm, about 7 minutes. Turn the mixer to low and whisk in the vanilla., ingredients: [6 brownies, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 12 ounce package frozen sour or black cherries, thawed and drained, reserving the juice, 14 cup brandy, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 pound fresh bing cherries, pitted, 6 sugar cubes, 151 proof rum, Whipped cream or marshmallow cream, optional, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons water, 1 14 cups light corn syrup, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 large egg whites, Pinch salt, Pinch cream of tartar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Cherry Vanilla Jubilee Sundae, picturelink: null}, 55321: {instructions: Place chicken stock in a small pot and warm over low heat.nHeat a medium sized skillet over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil 2 turns of the pan, and garlic. Saute garlic 1 minute, then add Arborio. Toast the Arborio rice 2 minutes, then ladle in 13 of the stock. Bring to a bubble. Stir rice occasionally, allowing the rice to get starchy and the stock to cook into the rice. Add more stock when rice starts to become dry. Continue stirring and ladling broth until rice is al dente, 22 minutes. Stir in peas and cheese and season with salt and pepper, to your taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock recommended: Kitchen Basics brand available in paper box containers on soup aisle, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 rounded cup Arborio rice, Salt and pepper, 1 cup frozen peas, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano cheese, a couple of handfuls], title: Risi e Bisi  Italian style rice and peas, picturelink: Ispv9zvupkbG47Hen7VFJALF7nkcCwi}, 55322: {instructions: In a large bowl, cover peas with 4 inches of water and soak a minimum of 6 hours, or overnight. Drain and rinse thoroughly.nPlace peas in a 4quart saucepan with chicken broth or water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer peas between 45 to 55 minutes, or until peas are cooked but not mushy. Drain excess liquid and let peas cool to room temperature.nCombine buttermilk, mayonnaise, mustard, vinegar, hot sauce salt and pepper in a bowl, and whisk to incorporate.nIn a salad bowl, combine beans, red onion, celery and chives. Pour dressing over bean mixture and gently stir to incorporate, being careful not to break up too many of the beans. Add spinach and toss to coat. Season with additional salt, pepper and hot sauce, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 pound dried blackeyed peas, or 2 cans blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed about 3 cups, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth or water if using dried peas, 34 cup lowfat buttermilk, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 12 teaspoons spicy brown mustard, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 18 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more, 18 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 14 cup red onion, diced about 1 cup, 34 cup thinly sliced celery 2 stalks, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 4 cups baby spinach about 23 of a 6ounce bag, sliced into thick ribbons], title: BlackEyed Pea and Spinach Salad, picturelink: gE1DT4QMwmRqM65rBRSstjzMlGJfVBi}, 55323: {instructions: Bottom Lemon Cake: In mixing bowl, combine cake mix, pie filling, and coconut. Stir until thoroughly mixed do not add any liquid. Spread this mixture in a 10 by 15inch baking pan. Bake for 30 minutes in a preheated 350 degree F oven. Cool.nTop Creamy Frosting: Combine all ingredients until blended well. Frost the bottom lemon cake. Garnish with sprinkles of lemon zest and cut into 1 12 by 2 12 inch bars. Cover and refrigerate overnight for better flavoring., ingredients: [16 ounces storebought angel food cake mix, One 22ounce can lemon pie filling, 1 cup finely shredded coconut, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 12 cup butter, softened, 2 12 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Lemon zest, for garnish], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 55324: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over high heat. Brush the bread with canola oil, salt and pepper. Grill the bread until slightly charred on each side, about 30 seconds per side. Remove the bread to a cutting board and drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Combine honey and mustard in a small bowl.nSchmear the bread with honey mustard and put sliced tomato on each slice of bread. Drizzle with honey mustard and top with a few slices of smoked salmon. Add another drizzle of honey mustard and top with black pepper and a sprig of dill. Whisk together a few tablespoons of lemon juice and a few tablespoons of the extravirgin olive oil and drizzle over the tops. Garnish with dill fronds.nPer Serving based on a 4serving yield: Calories 521 Total Fat 16 grams Saturated Fat 2 grams Protein 20 grams Total Carbohydrate 75 grams Sugar: 23 grams Fiber 7 grams Cholesterol 13 milligrams Sodium 1325 milligrams, ingredients: [1 loaf seven grain bread, sliced on diagonal into 14inch thick slices, Canola oil, to brush bread, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Dijon Mustard, for spreading and drizzling, Honey, for spreading and drizzling, 2 to 3 heirloom tomatoes, thinly sliced, 8 ounces smoked salmon, sliced paper thin, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, Juice of 1 lemon, Dill fronds, for garnish], title: Smoked Salmon on Grilled Seven Grain Bread with Tomato and Dill, picturelink: JKKxvurg7s4DXBIIqldJtb8GMHK8Rq}, 55325: {instructions: In a large stockpot, combine the wings with the water and bring to a boil, skimming off the scum that rises to the surface. Simmer the mixture for 20 minutes, skimming, and add remaining ingredients. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours and strain. Discard the fat that rises to the surface the best way to remove the fat is to chill the stock overnight. The fat will harden on top which makes it easy to scoop off. Return the stock to the cleaned stockpot and simmer until it is reduced by half. Add salt to taste. Enjoy straight up with saltine crackers or add cooked rice or noodles., ingredients: [5 pounds chicken wings, 16 cups 4 quarts water, 2 medium onions, peeled and quartered, 1 carrot, halved, 1 parsnip, 1 celery stalk, quartered, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, a few sprigs fresh parsley, 8 whole black peppercorns], title: Chicken Soup, picturelink: null}, 55326: {instructions: Cook bacon in 12inch nonstick skillet until crisp. Remove bacon reserve 2 tablespoons drippings.nHeat reserved drippings in same skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook onion, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes or until tender. Add shrimp and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring occasionally, 2 minutes or until shrimp just turn pink. Add Sauce, broth and reserved bacon heat through. To serve, top bread slices with shrimp mixture, then cheese. Garnish, if desired, with chopped basil.nVariation: For a main dish, serve over hot cooked pasta.nTIP: Shrimp mixture can be made up to 1 day ahead. Refrigerate covered until ready to use. Heat through, then spoon onto bread slices., ingredients: [14 lb. thick cut bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 112 lbs. uncooked small shrimp, peeled, deveined and tails removed, 14 tsp. crushed red pepper flakes, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Vineyard Premium Collections Fire Roasted Tomato with Cabernet Sauvignon Sauce, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 loaf French bread, thinly sliced and toasted, Shaved Parmesan cheese], title: Smokey Shrimp Cabernet, picturelink: M5nMTqbOTWFu3.smlQFOtnez7UxRhKG}, 55327: {instructions: In a minifood processor, fitted with a metal blade, pulse the oatmeal until the meal is very fine. Remove from the processor and turn into a mixing bowl. Stir the buttermilk into the oats and cover with plastic wrap. Let the oatmeal steep in the buttermilk for 12 hours.nIn a mixing bowl, sift the other ingredients together. Stir in the steeped oatmeal and mix well. If the mixture is too wet add a little more flour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9inch round cake pan with the butter.nLightly dust the work surface with some flour. Turn the dough out onto the surface and knead the dough a couple of times to form a soft ball like shape. Press the dough into a round about 2 inches thick. Using a sharp knife, make a crisscross cut into the bread. Place the bread in the prepared pan. Bake until golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack. Serve the bread warm with butter., ingredients: [2 12 cups oatmeal, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Flour for dusting, 12 teaspoon butter], title: Oatmeal Soda Bread, picturelink: null}, 55328: {instructions: Stir together 14 cup dressing and 2 tablespoons tomato paste in small dish. Pour over chicken in small glass dish cover. Refrigerate 30 minutes or up to 8 hours.nMeanwhile, stir together drained tomatoes, remaining 14 cup dressing, remaining 2 tablespoons tomato paste, onions, basil and garlic. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat grill to medium. Remove chicken from marinade discard marinade. Grill chicken 10 to 12 minutes or until no longer pink in centers 165 degrees F, turning once. Just before chicken is done, grill bread 2 minutes on each side or until toasted. To serve, place bread on serving plates top with chicken and tomato mixture., ingredients: [12 cup balsamic vinaigrette dressing, divided, 14 cup Huntsu00ae Tomato Paste, divided, 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts 5 oz each, 1 can 14.5 oz each Huntsu00ae Diced Tomatoes, drained, 14 cup sliced green onions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 4 thick slices Italian bread], title: Huntsandreg Bruschetta Chicken Grill, picturelink: null}, 55329: {instructions: Make the ganache: Heat the heavy cream, chocolate and salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate melts and the ganache is smooth. Stir in the vanilla. Remove the bowl from the pan and set aside until the ganache is cool and thick but still pourable, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter and salt in a bowl until combined. Spread out on a baking sheet. Bake, stirring occasionally, until toasted, 8 to 10 minutes let cool. Assemble the cake as close to serving time as possible: Using a long serrated knife, carefully slice each cake layer in half horizontally. Place 1 cake half on a platter. Using a lightly oiled offset spatula or spoon, spread onethird of the marshmallow cream on top, stopping about 1 inch from the edge if the marshmallow cream is difficult to spread, microwave 10 to 15 seconds to soften. Sprinkle onethird of the graham cracker mixture over the marshmallow cream. Repeat to make 4 layers, ending with cake reserve a few tablespoons of the graham cracker mixture for topping. Pour the ganache over the cake, letting it drip down the sides. Sprinkle with the reserved graham cracker mixture. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat two 9inchround cake pans with cooking spray and line the bottoms with parchment paper.nWhisk the cocoa powder and 1 12 cups boiling water in a medium bowl until smooth set aside. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl until combined. Add the eggs, vegetable oil, sour cream and vanilla and beat with a mixer on medium speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the cocoa mixture in a steady stream until just combined, then finish mixing with a rubber spatula. The batter will be thin.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and tap the pans against the counter to help the batter settle. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the middle comes out clean, 30 to 40 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool 10 minutes, then run a knife around the edge of the pans and turn the cakes out onto the racks to cool completely. Remove the parchment. Trim the tops of the cakes with a long serrated knife to make them level, if desired.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 whole graham crackers, crushed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Pinch of salt, Vegetable oil, for the spatula, 1 16ounce container marshmallow cream, Basic Chocolate Cake, baked and cooled, recipe follows, Cooking spray, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder natural or Dutch process, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Smores Cake, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 55330: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Fill bottom of roasting pan with carrots, onion and celery. Add half of tomatoes and water. Place the brisket on top. Cover brisket with the other half of the tomatoes. Cover pan with aluminum foil and slow roast in oven for 2123 hours.nWhen brisket is tender, remove from oven. Remove vegetables and tomatoes and add to barbeque sauce, puree. Slice the brisket, place it in the puree and place back in oven for 1520 minutes. Remove from oven and serve., ingredients: [3 large carrots, diced, 2 large onions, diced, 8 ribs celery, diced, 2 quarts plum tomatoes, 1 pint water, 110 pound brisket, trimmed of most fat, 1 cup barbeque sauce], title: Barbeque Brisket, picturelink: null}, 55331: {instructions: Bring 6 cups cold water to a boil.nPlace teabags in a saucepan. Slice the peaches and place in a saucepan. Pour boiling water over the peaches and teabags. Steep for about 5 minutes.nStrain the tea into a heatsafe pitcher and reserve the peaches. Stir in honey and lemon juice to taste.nAllow tea to cool, then refrigerate until thoroughly chilled. Reserve peaches in refrigerator.nTo serve: Fill tall glasses with ice, place a few chilled peach slices in each glass, pour chilled tea over the peaches and top with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [6 green tea teabags, 6 cups cold water, 3 ripe peaches, pitted and sliced or canned peaches, Honey, 1 lemon, juiced, 6 sprigs fresh mint], title: Peachy Green Tea Cooler, picturelink: oBHRbypQEpqhq84v1gnxUxE6Yhw.cm}, 55332: {instructions: Special equipment: a 6cavity nonstick mini Bundt pannFor the cakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nChop 6 of the maraschino cherries and toss with a small amount of flour to coat in a small bowl. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, stir together the flour, sugar and salt and set aside. In another bowl, mix the buttermilk, cherry syrup, baking soda, vanilla and egg with a fork and set aside.nBring 1 cup water to a boil in a small pan. Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat add the cocoa and whisk to combine. Add the boiling water to the cocoa mixture and allow to bubble for a moment, then turn off the heat.nPour the cocoa mixture into the flour mixture. Stir together for a moment to cool the chocolate, then pour in the egg mixture. Mix in the flourcoated cherries.nDivide the batter among the cavities of a 6cavity nonstick mini Bundt pan and bake until an inserted cake tester comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pan briefly before removing them to a cooling rack placed over a baking sheet.nFor the chocolate ganache: Heat the cream in a small saucepan until very hot, then add the vanilla. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate in a heatproof bowl stir completely to melt the chocolate.nPour the ganache over the cakes. Chop the remaining 6 cherries and sprinkle them over the top. Allow the ganache to set before serving., ingredients: [12 maraschino cherries, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for coating the cherries, 1 cup sugar, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons cherry syrup, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 1 stick 8 tablespoons salted butter, 2 heaping tablespoons cocoa powder, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, broken into pieces], title: Mini ChocolateCherry Bundt Cakes, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 55333: {instructions: Render the bacon until crispy in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Remove and set aside on a paper towellined plate. Add the onions and bell pepper and sprinkle with salt. Stir to combine and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the kale and red pepper flakes and toss to combine. Allow the kale to wilt, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and toss in the apple cider vinegar. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces slab bacon, diced, 12 onion, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, Kosher salt, 1 bunch kale, stemmed and cut into pieces, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Braised Kale with Red Bell Pepper and Bacon, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 55334: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium sized bowl, mix together the sugar, cayenne and salt.nBring a small saucepan of water to boil. Add the walnuts and blanch them for 3 minutes. Drain well and then immediately roll the walnuts in the sugar mixture until thoroughly coated. The sugar will melt slightly. Transfer the walnuts to a baking sheet or pan and bake, stirring occasionally, until they are a deep golden brown, about 10 minutes. Watch carefully because the sugar can burn easily. Let cool completely before serving., ingredients: [14 cup powdered sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces walnuts about one heaping cup dont use pieces], title: Candied Walnuts, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 55335: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water with a steamer basket to a boil, add green beans and steam for about 4 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl.nToast the walnuts in a small dry skillet over medium heat until they become fragrant, about 2 minutes, and then transfer them to a small bowl to cool. Add the parsley and onion to the walnuts and stir to combine.nIn another small bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar and mustard. Toss the dressing with the green beans, top with the walnut mixture and season with salt and pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound green beans, trimmed, 2 tablespoons chopped walnuts, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 2 teaspoons walnut oil or olive oil, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Green Bean Salad, picturelink: Wgq.baW7RLrJy3lCcBrQiz7C70OD62}, 55336: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 by 4inch tube pan or 9 to 10inch round cake pan with sides at least 3 inches high a removable bottom is helpfulnFor the raspberry sauce, mix 1 cup of the raspberries, the preserves, water, and the sugar in a mediumsize heavy saucepan not uncoated aluminum. Bring to a boil over moderately high heat, mashing the raspberries with a wooden spoon. Boil 1 minute. Remove from the heat. Strain the raspberry mixture through a fine strainer suspended over a bowl, pressing down on raspberries to release the juices. Discard the seeds. Stir the blueberries and the remaining 1 cup raspberries into the hot raspberry syrup. Cover and let stand until cool. Refrigerate until ready to use. Yield: 2 cupsnFor the cake, check that one rack is in the middle of the oven and heat the oven to 325 degrees. Pour the egg whites into the bowl in which you will be making the batter. If the pan has a removable bottom, do nothing to it. If it does not, lightly butter the bottom. Line the bottom with waxed paper or parchment paper cut to fit, and lightly butter the paper. Thoroughly mix the flour and 14 cup of the granulated sugar or 12 cup of the confectioners sugar in a small bowl. Have all the ingredients and tools at hand. Beat the egg whites with an electric mixer on medium speed for about 2 minutes, until frothy and well broken up. Add the cream of tartar and increase the speed to mediumhigh. Beat until the whites lose their yellow cast, greatly increase in volume, and start to turn white. With the mixer running, slowly sprinkle the remaining 34 cup sugar over the whites. Beat until the whites become very thick, very glossy, and white, and the beaters leave a deep trail. Depending on the mixer, this need take only about 3 minutes total. Beat in the lemon juice and vanilla, just enough to mix. Reduce the speed to the lowest possible. Quickly sprinkle the flour sugarmixture over the whites. As soon as it is all added, but not completely mixed in, stop the machine and remove the bowl. With a rubber spatula or a large metal spoon, complete mixing in the flour by folding or gently stirring. Stop just as soon as the flour seems blended in. With a rubber spatula, scrape the batter 9 cups into the pan and spread evenly. Inscribe a circle deep in the batter to release any large air bubbles. Bake until no moist patches remain in the surface cracks, the cake springs back when touched, and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes for a 10 by 3inch pan, 1 hour for a tube pan. Turn the pan upside down on a wire rack. Let cool completely. Loosen the edges and tube with a knife. Turn out the cake, loosen and remove the pan bottom, or peel off the paper. Store airtight 1 day at room temperature before serving or freezing. When serving, top cake with sauce and confectioners sugar, if you wish., ingredients: [2 cups fresh or unsweetened frozen raspberries, 13 cup raspberries preserves or jam, 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries small berries work better here, 1 12 cups egg whites, Butter to grease pan if using a pan without a removable bottom, 1 cup allpurpose flour, or 1 14 cups cake flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, or 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar optional], title: LemonVanilla Angel Food Cake with RaspberryBlueberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55337: {instructions: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until the onion is golden, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato sauce, 1 cup water, the vinegar, ketchup, brown sugar, molasses, Worcestershire sauce, tomato paste, mustard, garlic powder and 1 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the onion is tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the liquid smoke. Strain the sauce, pressing on the solids to extract any liquid.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup coarsely chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup tomato sauce, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons molasses, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons liquid smoke], title: Kansas CityStyle Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 55338: {instructions: Pour 1 inch of water into a pot large enough to contain all the lobsters. Bring the water to a full boil. Remove the bands from the lobsters claws and place them on their backs over the boiling water. Cover the pot tightly, and steam over high heat about 3 minutes. Quickly remove the lobsters from the pot and chill them rapidly by plunging them into a basin filled with ice and water. Set a wire strainer over a mixing bowl. Twist the tails off the lobsters over the strainer to catch their juices. Shell the lobster tails and claws over the strainer. Cut the tails into 4 quarters, leave the claw and knuckle meats whole, and reserve the lobster meat in a refrigerator.nPeel the potatoes, split each into 4 wedges, and slice the wedges into 12inch slices. In a large nonreacting soup pot, cook the diced bacon over moderate heat until golden and nearly crisp. Pour off all but about a generous tablespoon of the fat. Add the diced leeks, stir, and cook about 2 minutes. Add the potatoes, stir, cover the pot, and continue cooking over moderate heat, stirring frequently to prevent browning, until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes depending upon the potato variety and the thickness of the slices. Chefs Note: I like to mash some of the potatoes with a fork to give the chowder a luxurious but rustic texture, but good mealy potatoes, such as russets, will release some of their substance into the broth, and this step may be unnecessary. Add the strained lobster juices and enough water, lobster or fish stock, to just cover the vegetables. Simmer 4 or 5 minutes. Keep the chowder base hot as you prepare the lobster meat and cream enrichment.nHeat the butter in a wide skillet. Add the lobster meat, season with black pepper, and saute over moderate heat 3 or 4 minutes until the meat is firm, opaque, and pink. Pour in the heavy cream, and rapidly bring it to a simmer. Pour the lobster and cream mixture into the chowder base, and stir gently to combine. Taste for seasonings, and adjust with sea salt preferably from Maine, plenty of freshmilled black pepper, and a pinch of chipotle or cayenne pepper. Off heat, cover the pot and allow the chowder to ripen for 15 or 20 minutes before serving. Ladle into warmed soup plates, and sprinkle snipped chives over each serving. Accompany with plenty of warmed common crackers.nServing Suggestion: Crackers .n Chefs Note: Dont attempt to use halfandhalfit tends to curdle., ingredients: [4 live Maine chicken lobsters, approximately 1 pound each, 4 medium potatoes recommended: russet, German butterball, or Yukon gold, 2 ounces highquality smoked slab bacon, diced to 14 inch, 2 medium leeks, white part only, rinsed and diced to 12 inch, Several cups water, lobster stock, or fish stock, 2 ounces unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, Sea salt, for seasoning, Pinch ground chipotle or cayenne pepper, for seasoning, Fresh chives, snipped, for garnish], title: Christmas Chowder, picturelink: null}, 55339: {instructions: Combine the ingredients in a large bowl. Store in an airtight container.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 cup cocoadusted almonds, 1 cup dryroasted almonds, 1 cup pitted dried dates, chopped, 1 cup raisins golden or regular, 1 cup prunes, chopped, 1 cup dried apricots, chopped], title: Almond Lovers Trail Mix, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 55340: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Holiday Treats: 50 Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55341: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the brown sugar, water, corn syrup, butter, and cream of tartar this bit of acid keeps the sugar from crystallizing. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon to dissolve the sugar. When the sugar syrup reaches a boil, stop stirring and swirl the pan around over the heat so it doesnt burn. As the syrup reaches the caramel stage, the bubbles on top will become smaller, thicker, and closer together. Simmer for 10 to 12 minutes, until the caramel coats the back of the spoon. If so inclined, stick a candy thermometer in the pot and cook until the syrup reaches the softcrack stage, about 270 degrees F. When you drop a bit of this syrup into cold water, it will solidify into threads that, when removed, are hard yet bendable. Remove the caramel from the heat and stir in the marshmallows. Fold the marshmallows into the hot caramel so they all melt into a gooey caramel sauce.nThe caramel will coat better if the popcorn is hot, so make it while boiling the sugar or pop it first then keep it warm. Put the popcorn in a big bowl and pour the caramel marshmallow mixture over the popcorn. Gently fold with a wooden spoon to coat each kernel. Grab handfuls of the popcorn and squeeze it together to form popcorn balls make them about the size of a tennis ball. Put the popcorn balls on a sheet pan lined with waxed paper to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, packed, 12 cup water, 12 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch cream of tartar, 12 10ounce package marshmallows, about 4 cups, 10 cups hot, salted popcorn, uncooked kernels removed], title: Gooey Caramel Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 55342: {instructions: Put the bread in a small mixing bowl, cover with milk, and leave to soak.nChop the parsley and garlic together. Put meat into a large mixing bowl. Squeeze the milk out of the bread and add to meat. Add parsley and garlic. Use your hands to mix the ingredients. Break eggs into the mixture to bind it. Keep mixing. Add the pecorino. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Shape meatballs by hand, make a hole in the top and insert a small piece of mozzarella. Cover it up and pat meatball into shape. Roll them in bread crumbs. Pour olive oil into a frying pan and when its really hot, fry the meatballs for 5 minutes, or until they have formed a crust. Then turn over. When golden brown and crusty on both sides remove the meatballs from the pan and drain on paper towels.nAdd the meatballs to the tomato sauce, cover and cook very slowly on low heat for 45 minutes, until the sauce is reduced by half.nPour enough oil into a saucepan to cover the surface. Add garlic and 3 tins of tomatoes, mashing them slightly. Boil the sauce for 5 minutes and simmer for another 3 minutes.nCooking Time: 8 minutes, ingredients: [2 slices stale white bread, crusts removed, 1 cup milk, 1 small bunch flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 9 ounces minced beef and pork, equal amounts, 2 fresh eggs, 2 ounces pecorino, grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 buffalo mozzarella, drained and chopped into little pieces, Unseasoned bread crumbs, Extravirgin olive oil, for frying, Tomato sauce, recipe follows, Serving suggestion: steamed broccoli, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, 3 12ounce tins peeled cherry tomatoes], title: Polpette Napoletane, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 55343: {instructions: For the quick pickles: Add the vinegar, 12 cup water, sugar, mustard seeds, salt, garlic and bay leaf to a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Once the sugar has dissolved in the simmering liquid, add the cucumbers and dill to a heatproof container and pour over the pickling liquid. Let sit for at least 10 minutes. Chop 2 tablespoons for the dressing, and reserve the rest for serving.nFor the 18000 island dressing: In a food processor add the mayonnaise, ketchup, jalapenos, chopped quick pickles, Dijon, garlic and some salt. Puree, taste and adjust seasonings if necessary.nFor the burgers: Heat a castiron skillet or large heavy griddle pan over mediumhigh heat.nCombine the chuck and brisket and form into 4 balls with your hands.nAdd the canola oil to the heated griddle. Place the burger balls on the griddle and sear for 1 to 2 minutes per side. Then, using a spatula, press the balls down, flattening them down as you spread them out. You want a thin, crusty burger and thats all about creating surface area, so press away. Let the burger get a nice char on one side, and then flip so they get nice and crusty brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nButter and toast, or griddle, the sesame seed buns. Once toasted, add 1 to 2 slices cheese to each bottom bun. Place the burger on the bottom bun with the cheese. Top the burger with some tomato slices, quick pickles and iceberg lettuce. Spread some of the 18000 island dressing on the top bun and top the burger. Appreciate the old school classic., ingredients: [2 cups champagne vinegar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard seeds, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 1 bay leaf, 1 English cucumber, cut into 18inch slices, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 cup mayo, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons sliced pickled jalapenos, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds ground chuck, 8 ounces ground brisket, 1 to 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 sesame seed buns, 4 to 8 slices white American cheese, Tomato slices, for serving, Iceberg lettuce, for serving], title: Griddle Burger with 18000 Island Dressing and Quick Pickles, picturelink: fTqDBkT5IJmm5OnFdGU42T2PjCHHlai}, 55344: {instructions: For the crust: Put the quinoa in a medium bowl and cover with water by about 1 inch. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours or up to overnight.nFor the sauce: Meanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and cook until the edges are light golden, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, oregano, red pepper flakes, 12 cup water and salt. Bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 10 minutes. Set aside while you make the crust.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F with a pizza stone or baking sheet on the bottom rack. Drain the soaked quinoa and rinse well. Line a rimmed halfsheet pan with parchment paper and brush the paper with olive oil. Put the quinoa in a food processor with the oil, baking powder, salt and 23 cup water and process to make a smooth, thick batter. Spread the batter into the prepared pan and bake on the hot pizza stone until set, 12 to 15 minutes.nFlip the crust over in the pan and remove the parchment. If the crust sticks to the sides, run a knife around the edge to loosen. Bake until the top is crusty and the edges are crisp, about 5 minutes more.nSpread the pizza sauce on the crust, almost to the edges. Sprinkle with the mozzarella and Parmesan and top with the pepperoni. Roughly tear the basil leaves and scatter over the top. Bake the pizza on the top rack until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 15 minutes. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [2 cups white quinoa, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup shredded lowmoisture mozzarella, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 ounces sliced pepperoni, 14 cup large fresh basil leaves], title: Quinoa Crust Pizza, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 55345: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the vinegar, honey, orange juice and some salt and pepper to combine. Slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Set aside.nHeat a charcoal or gas grill to high for direct grilling. Brush the figs with some olive oil, season with salt and pepper and grill, cutside down, just until slightly charred. Remove to a plate.nToss the mizuna with some of the vinaigrette. Transfer the mizuna to a platter and arrange the figs over top. Sprinkle with the feta and pistachios and drizzle some of the remaining dressing over top. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon clover honey, Juice of 12 orange, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 12 fresh figs, halved, 4 ounces mizuna, 6 ounces feta, crumbled, 12 cup chopped pistachios], title: Honey Glazed Grilled Fig Salad with Feta, Pistachio and Mizuna, picturelink: nwZYmBTYvMHXeApq5GvK82UwbjzKjIC}, 55346: {instructions: Mix milk, flour, 5 whole eggs, nutmeg, 1 teaspoon of salt and freshly ground pepper and minced garlic until the dough forms. Allow to rest for 30 minutes. Over a pot of salted boiling water, pass the dough through a perforated pan or spaetzle maker. Once the dumplings float, strain out of the water and place them on a tray until room temperature. Moisten with a little oil and store for up to 2 days, refrigerated.nIn a pot place 2 tablespoons of butter, 2 shallots, 1 cup of leeks and 1 cup of mushrooms and cook over medium heat for 15 minutes. Then add the fish stock and reduce by half. Add your 1quart of cream and reduce by another two thirds. Place in a blender until smooth and pass through a strainer. Adjust with salt and pepper.nYou will need 2 pans for cooking and a small pot for your sauce. In a pan on mediumhigh heat, add the oil and allow 30 seconds to heat up. Then place the fillet of fish away from you in a pan so it doesnt splash you. While the fish is cooking, put the other pan on high heat, place half of the butter and allow to brown slightly. Once slightly brown add the spatzle and allow to cook for about 1 12 minutes. At this stage add the fava beans and lobster allow to cook for no more than 2 minutes.nYour fish should be almost cooked by this point with a nice golden brown crust, flip and finish for 1 minute. Place the sauces on warm plates with the spatzle saute in the middle and the drained fish on top., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 5 whole eggs, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, 1 cup mushrooms, 1 cup leek whites, 1 quart fish stock chicken or vegetable will do, 1 quart cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 7ounce fillet halibut, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 3 ounces spatzle, 2 tablespoons blanched fava beans, 2 ounces parcooked lobster meat, 2 ounces mushroom veloute], title: Pan Seared Halibut with Garlic Chive Spaetzle, Lobster and Fava Beans with a Wild Mushroom Veloute, picturelink: null}, 55347: {instructions: Wash clams well. Wash mussels, making sure to remove and discard their beards. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in each of 2 large cast iron frying pans over high heat. Add clams and half the thyme to 1 of the pans add mussels and half of the thyme to the other pan cook for 1 minute. Divide butter and capers between the 2 pans. Continue cooking clams and mussels for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they open.nTo serve, place clams mussels and the butter in which they cooked in a warmed serving bowl and sprinkle with fleur de sel. Serve with bread on the side, to soak up the butter at the bottom of the bowl., ingredients: [2 pounds Manila clams, 2 pounds mussels, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 sticks butter, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 teaspoon fleur de sel, 1 loaf foccacia or garlic bread, sliced and toasted], title: Mussels and Clams with Sizzling Brown Butter and Capers, picturelink: null}, 55348: {instructions: Heat the sesame and vegetable oils in a skillet over moderate heat. Very lightly dust the scallops with cornstarch and saute them, on one side only until quite crusty on one side. When crusty, put a lid on the skillet and finish steaming the scallops by steaming them without overcooking them.nRemove them from skillet and transfer them, browned side on top of the lentils. To the skillet add the rice vinegar, chili paste and 2 teaspoons soy sauce and reduce until syrupy, spoon over the chili scallops and dust with chives., ingredients: [1 pound sea scallops, rubbery appendage from the side of each sea scallop removed cornstarch for dusting scallops, 1 tablespoon each of Oriental sesame oil and vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon chili paste with garlic, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons snipped chives], title: Chili Scallops, picturelink: null}, 55349: {instructions: To make the dough by hand: Whisk together the flour, sugar and salt in a medium bowl. Using your fingers, work the butter into the dry ingredients until it resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with beansize bits of butter. If the flourbutter mixture gets warm, refrigerate it for 10 minutes before proceeding. Add the egg and stir the dough together with a fork or by hand in the bowl. If the dough is dry, sprinkle up to a tablespoon more of cold water over the mixture.nTo make the dough in a food processor: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor fitted with the metal blade until combined. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles yellow cornmeal mixed with beansize bits of butter, about 10 times. Add the egg and pulse 1 to 2 times dont let the dough form into a ball in the machine. If the dough is very dry, add up to a tablespoon more of cold water. Remove the bowl from the machine, remove the blade and bring the dough together by hand.nForm the dough into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled, at least 1 hour.nFor the filling: Put the lemon juice in a medium bowl. Peel, halve and core the apples. Cut each half into 4 wedges. Toss the apple with the lemon juice. Add the sugar and toss to combine evenly.nMelt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Add the apples and cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves and the mixture begins to simmer, about 2 minutes. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the apples soften and release most of their juices, about 7 minutes.nStrain the apples in a colander over a medium bowl to catch all the juice. Shake the colander to get as much liquid as possible. Return the juices to the skillet, and simmer over medium heat until thickened and lightly caramelized, about 10 minutes.nToss the apples with the reduced juice and spices in a medium bowl. Set aside to cool completely. This filling can be made up to 2 days ahead and refrigerated or frozen for up to 6 months.nTo assemble the pie: Cut the dough in half. On a lightly floured surface, roll each half into a disc 11 to 12 inches wide. Layer the dough between pieces of parchment or wax paper on a baking sheet and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes.nPlace a baking sheet on a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine the bottom of a 9inch pie pan with one of the discs of dough, and trim it so it lays about 12 inch beyond the edge of the pan. Add the apple filling to the pan.nUse a chefs knife or a pizza cutter and cut the second round into 12inch thick strips. Lay strips of dough, evenly spaced, across the entire pie. Weave more strips of dough perpendicular through the previous strips to make a lattice or basket weave design across the entire pie. Trim the excess ends from the strips of dough. Pinch the bottom crust edge and lattice edge together, and flute the edge as desired. Brush the surface of the dough with egg and then sprinkle with sugar. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nBake the pie on the preheated baking sheet until the crust is golden, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool on a rack for at least 3 hours before serving. The pie keeps well at room temperature covered for 24 hours, or refrigerated for up to 4 days., ingredients: [Dough:, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 14 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, diced, 1 large egg, lightly beaten with 2 tablespoons cold water, Filling:, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 pounds baking apples like Golden Delicious, Cortland or Mutsu, 23 cup sugar, plus more for sprinkling on the pie, 12 stick unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Generous pinch of ground nutmeg, 1 large egg, lightly beaten], title: Lattice Crust Apple Pie, picturelink: 5h1hQMdbjYWhxSSOyN4nGOKrUF3Om}, 55350: {instructions: Clean, trim and quarter brussel sprouts. Cook in salted water until tender. Shock in cold water. Melt butter in pan, add truffle oil. Toss in brussel sprouts. Add parsley, salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [3 pounds Brussels sprouts, 14 pound unsalted butter, 1ounce truffle oil, 1 tablespoon Italian flat leaf parsely, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Truffled Buttered Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 55351: {instructions: Wash mint leaves, pat dry and put them in a small mixing bowl. Cover with 3 ounces of Bulleit Bourbon and let soak for 15 minutes.nRemove mint, then place them in a clean cotton cloth and wring over bowl, bruising the leaves. Dip back into bourbon and wring again. Repeat several times to create mint extract. Set extract aside for 1 hour. You can also put the leaves back in the extract for a more concentrated mint flavor.nCombine mint extract leaves included, if preferred with simple syrup 1 cup sugar and 1 cup water in a covered glass container or jar and refrigerate overnight.nFill julep cups 1012 oz., preferably silver but glass will do with crushed ice or shaved ice and insert a fresh mint sprig. Add 1.5 oz. of Bulleit Bourbon to each cup. Add marinated julep mixture to taste., ingredients: [15 oz. Bulleit Bourbon, 30 leaves fresh mint, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Bulleit Mint Julep, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 55352: {instructions: Slice the beans in two lengthwise if you wish and boil them in salted water. As soon as they are just tender, drain them and then dry them in a clean dish towel. Arrange them on their serving dish.nChop all the herbs together very fine and arrange them in a band around the beans. Whisk together the oil, vinegar and pepper in a bowl and serve alongside the beans the dressing is put on the beans at the moment of serving., ingredients: [1 pound green beans, 2 teaspoons burnet, 1 tablespoon chives, 1 tablespoon chervil, 1 tablespoon tarragon, 2 tablespoons parsley, 12 cup oil, 2 tablespoons wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon fresh black pepper], title: Haricots Verds en Salade Green Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 55353: {instructions: Preheat the grill and brush with a metal grill brush to loosen any crud and soot. After the grill has been brushed, run an oiled towel over the grill to pick up any loosened crud.nIn a large bowl, toss the potatoes and onions together with the rosemary, garlic, crushed red pepper, salt, to taste, and a little olive oil. Try to keep the onions together in rounds, they will fall apart while grilling but try and keep them together as long as possible it just makes things easier.nArrange the potatoes and onions on the preheated grill. Once the potatoes have developed lovely grill marks, rotate them a quarter turn to create a lovely crosshatch pattern, dont worry about the onions, they fall apart and you wont see the marks. Turn the potatoes over and repeat the process, turn the onions over to cook the other side as well. Cook the potatoes and onions until they are soft all the way through, about 8 to 10 minutes on each side.nRemove from the grill and serve hot or at room temperature.nWho knew you could grill a potato, ingredients: [4 large redskinned potatoes, scrubbed and cut into 12inch rounds, 1 red onion, peeled and cut into 12inch rounds, 1 sprig rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Red Potatoes and Onions, picturelink: x5tpJ97hoqP1BBlWxy6AqBsOA188Zwa}, 55354: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange the fig leaves on a platter. Place the pineapple and cantaloupe on top of the fig leaves, and artfully arrange the blueberries, strawberries and raspberries over the top of the pineapple and cantaloupe., ingredients: [Fig leaves, Golden pineapple, peeled, cut in 8ths lengthwise, core removed and sliced crosswise, Cantaloupe, peeled, cut in half and sliced, Fresh blueberries, Fresh strawberries, Fresh raspberries], title: Fruit Platter, picturelink: b1dhku6mRAMNSAhGw.anCHUedHKwFm}, 55355: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine first 4 ingredients in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over low heat. Cook for 5 minutes. Turn off the heat, cover and let steep for 15 minutes. Strain out the solids and return the liquid to a clean saucepan over low heat. Add the cocoa powder and corn syrup and whisk until smooth. Simmer for 2 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the chopped chocolate and stir until melted. Cool to room temperature. May be covered and stored in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nDrizzle over vanilla bean ice cream and garnish with mint, ingredients: [1 cup dry red wine, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons mulling spices, 1 teaspoon minced orange peel, 12 cup Dutch cocoa powder, 12 cup light corn syrup, 1ounce semisweet chocolate, chopped, Mint, for garnish, Serving suggestion: Vanilla Bean Ice Cream], title: Denises Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 55356: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the olive oil. sherry vinegar, chili powder and parsley and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSlice fennel into wedges and wash cherry tomatoes. Roll salami slices into batons.nDrain all jarred ingredients well. Arrange all items as desired on a large platter. Serve slightly chilled or at room temperature with bread andor crackers., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, 1 large fennel bulb, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 pound salami, sliced, 1 can pitted black olives, drained, 1 jar 5 ounces pimientostuffed Spanish olives, drained, 1 jar 12 ounces baby kosher dill pickles, drained, 1 jar pickled onions, drained, 2 jars 6.5 ounces each marinated artichoke hearts, 1 jar 7.5 ounces pepperoncini, 1 tin 2 ounces anchovies with capers, 1 box artisan crackers or loaf of Italian bread], title: Italian Relish Tray, picturelink: null}, 55357: {instructions: Combine sugar, lemon juice, and sour cream in a medium bowl with a fork. Add radishes, apple, and cucumber.nTurn vegetables and fruit in dressing to coat. Season with dill, salt, and pepper, toss again serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 cup sour cream, 8 red radishes, thinly sliced, 2 Delicious apples, quartered cored and thinly sliced, 12 European seedless cucumber, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Salt and black pepper], title: Red Radish Salad, picturelink: CLAqCXrF8kUGWUqjY8kdJpXLFxc42fu}, 55358: {instructions: For Fritters:nHeat oil in a Dutch oven or deepfryer until it reaches 350 degree F.nIn a large bowl add the cornbread mix, garlic powder, milk, egg and onions. Mix well to combine. Add apple and ham and stir to combine.nUsing a tablespoon or small scoop, carefully slide tablespoon size amounts of the fritter batter into the hot oil. Fry about 6 at a time. Fry for approximately 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown and crispy. Remove from oil and drain on paper towel lined baking tray.nServe alongside dipping sauces.nFor Cranberry Mustard Dipping Sauce:nCombined all ingredients into a small bowl and mix well.nFor Creamy Fig Sauce:nCombined all ingredients into a small bowl and mix well., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 8.5ounce box corn bread mix recommended: Jiffy, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 cups milk, 1 egg, 14 cup frozen chopped onions, thawed, 1 Fuji apple, grated, 14 pound smoked ham, diced, 1 cup cream cheese, room temperature, 14 orange juice, 14 cup whole cranberry sauce, 14 cup fig preserves, 14 cup orange juice, 1 cup sour cream, 1 pinch salt], title: Ham and Apple Fritters with Cranberry Orange Crown and Royal Fig Dipping Sauces, picturelink: null}, 55359: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor process the flour with some salt. Add the chilled shortening and butter at once and pulse the machine for 15 seconds until the fat is broken up into oatmeal sized pieces.nAdd 2 tablespoons of ice water and process if the dough is dry, add more water, one tablespoon at a time. Be sure your dough holds together and absorbs enough water. If it is too dry youll have a hard time rolling it out.nDivide the dough into two pieces, one slightly larger than the other and roll out larger half into a 12inch circle.nLine a 10inch deep glass pie plate with the 12inch circle and chill the dough. Roll out other half into a 10 12inch round for top crust and transfer to a baking dish and refrigerate., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 14 teaspoon of salt, 13 cup chilled shortening, cut into tablespoonsized pieces, 14 pound chilled butter, cut into tablespoonsized pieces, 2 to 4 tablespoons ice water, Flour for rolling out], title: Two Crusted Pie Dough, picturelink: null}, 55360: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the prosciutto slices on a baking sheet and bake until just crisp, about 10 minutes. Let cool. Crumble the prosciutto slices into a container and store in the refrigerator.nIn a blender, combine the orange zest, orange juice, balsamic vinegar, honey, garlic, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. With the blender running, add the olive oil in a steady stream until combined. Transfer to a container and store in the refrigerator.nTo serve, put the spinach in a large bowl. Toss with enough of the vinaigrette to coat the spinach. Sprinkle with the crisp prosciutto crumbles, toss again, and serve., ingredients: [6 slices prosciutto, 2 oranges, zested, 2 small oranges, juiced or 1 large orange, juiced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 10 to 12 ounces prewashed spinach], title: Spinach Salad with Orange Vinaigrette, picturelink: mPTXyIeDOzH23Gcg3Bm3GCqSFvOeL0C}, 55361: {instructions: Special equipment: A pastry bag fitted with a large star tipnMake the cookies:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together the oats, flour, cinnamon, baking powder, salt and baking soda.In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugars together with an electric mixer on medium until light and fluffy, 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla and beat to combine. Beat the flour mixture into the butter mixture. Fold in the raisins and walnuts. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Scoop the dough in 2tablespoon scoops and place on the lined baking sheets at least 2 inches apart. Bake until the cookies are set and golden brown, 12 to 14 minutes, rotating the sheets halfway through. Transfer the cookies on the sheets to racks to cool completely. Meanwhile, prepare the cream: In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese and butter together with an electric mixer on medium until smooth and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the sugar on low, then beat in the vanilla extract and salt. Transfer the cream to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Transfer half of the cookies to a work surface, flatside up. Top each cookie with some of the frosting. Top with another cookie. Chill the cookies for 20 minutes to firm up the frosting before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup packed light or dark brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup chopped walnuts, Cream:, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup confectioners sugar], title: Oatmeal Cream Pies, picturelink: z.aEiXVW2ixP4R4Jpsnj7AERBS7ZTa}, 55362: {instructions: To prepare the duck, in a baking dish just large enough to hold the duck leg quarters, combine the salt, cane sugar, and thyme. Evenly and generously coat the duck pieces with the salt mixture and arrange them in a single layer in the pan, tucking them into the salt mixture. Refrigerate uncovered overnight. Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Rinse the duck and pat it dry. Arrange the duck pieces in a single layer in a large, heavy pot such as an oval Dutch oven or a heavy roasting pan with sides that are at least 4 inches deep. Melt the duck fat over low heat and pour it over the duck. The pieces must be submerged. Bake until the meat is spoon tender, but not falling off the bone, about 2 12 hours.nTo use the duck at once, remove it from the fat and set it and the fat aside to cool to room temperature. Pick the duck meat from the bones, trying to keep the meat in large pieces. Discard the bones and skin. Use now or cover and refrigerate for up to 2 days. Transfer the fat to an airtight container and refrigerate until solid. Discard the layer of solidified cooking juices at the bottom of the container and refrigerate the remaining fat for up to 2 days or freeze for up to 3 months. For longer storage, leave the duck on the bone and submerged in the fat. Cool to room temperature and then cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week. When ready to use, reheat in a 250 degree F oven until the fat is liquid and the duck is just warm.nTo prepare the dumplings, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Pierce the potatoes in several places with a fork and bake until tender, about 1 hour. Set aside until cool enough. While the potatoes are still warm, fold in the eggs and salt. Stir in 34 cup flour and then add the remaining flour a little at a time until the mixture resembles soft biscuit dough. The dough should be a little sticky, although when poked with a fingertip the dimple should not close up. To test the dough, bring a small saucepan of salted water to a simmer. Break off a 34 inch square piece of dough and drop it into the water. If the dumpling breaks apart in the water, add a little more flour to the dough. Pour the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and cut into 4 equal pieces. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and lightly dust it with flour. Working with one piece at a time, roll the dough into a 34inchthick rope. Cut each rope crosswise into bitesize lengths, 1 to 1 12 inches. Roll each piece on a gnocchi board or the back of the tines of a fork to ridge them lightly, if you wish. The ridges help the dumplings hold the delicious broth. Spread the dumplings onto the prepared baking sheet.nBring a large pot of water to a simmer. Salt generously. Set a wire rack inside a rimmed baking sheet and place them next to the stove. Add half of the dumplings to the boiling water and cook them until they float. Use a wire skimmer to transfer them to the wire rack. Cook the remaining dumplings. The dumplings can be used now as part of the finished dish, or they can be stored to use later.nTo store them, refrigerate the dumplings on the wire rack until chilled. Toss the cold dumplings with enough oil to keep them moist to prevent sticking. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 2 days. To poach the eggs, fill a large skillet with water to a depth of 2 inches. Add the vinegar and bring to a simmer. Prepare a large bowl of very cold water. Break 1 egg into a small bowl or cup and slide the egg into the simmering water. Repeat with each remaining egg, spacing them evenly in the skillet cook them in 2 batches if necessary. Poach at a bare simmer until the whites are firm but the yolks are still runny, about 2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the eggs to the cold water, taking care to not break the yolks. Use at once or refrigerate until ready to assemble the dish, up to 1 day. Set the skillet of water aside.nTo assemble the dish, in a very large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the duck fat over mediumhigh heat until shimmering hot. Add half the dumplings and cook until they are golden brown on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of duck fat and cook the other half of the dumplings. Return all of the dumplings to the skillet. Add the duck and the chicken stock and cook over mediumhigh heat until the duck is warmed through, 3 to 5 minutes. Season with the pepper and taste for salt. Meanwhile, bring the water used to poach the eggs back to a bare simmer. Divide the duck, dumplings, and broth among 6 warmed shallow bowls. Working with 1 egg at a time, slip it back into the simmering water for 30 seconds. Lift each egg from the water with a slotted spoon and pat the bottom dry with a clean kitchen towel. Place 1 egg on top of each serving. Sprinkle with thyme leaves and serve at once., ingredients: [3 cups 1 pound 7 ounces kosher salt, 34 cup 5 14 ounces natural cane sugar, 20 fresh thyme sprigs, 6 duck or chicken leg quarters with skin, 2 quarts duck or chicken fat, 2 to 3 large Idaho baking potatoes, 2 large eggs, well beaten, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more as needed, 34 to 1 cup 3 34 to 5 ounces allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling the dough, 2 teaspoons distilled vinegar, 6 very fresh large eggs, 2 tablespoons duck or chicken fat, 1 to 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, if needed, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, for serving], title: Duck and Dumplings with Poached Eggs, picturelink: null}, 55363: {instructions: Soak 12 cup minced red onion in cold water, 10 minutes drain and rinse. Grate 4 halved plum tomatoes into a bowl. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil, the juice of 1 orange, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 diced bell pepper, the onion, 1 drained can pinto beans and 1 teaspoon salt. Stir in 2 cups cold cooked rice and some chopped cilantro and scallion. Season with salt and pepper.nCalories: 336 Total Fat: 12 grams Saturated Fat: 1.5 grams Protein:10 grams Total carbohydrates: 48 grams Sugar: 8 grams Fiber: 9 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 693 milligrams Photograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Rice and Bean Salad, picturelink: eUbBuvp6ZUappw9wcOF61NYTC65LpMW}, 55364: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the broccoli in a microwavesafe bowl and sprinkle with 3 tablespoons water. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until crisptender, about 4 minutes drain. Meanwhile, heat the butter in a medium nonstick ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the hash browns and season lightly with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Whisk the eggs, milk, cheese, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl and stir in the broccoli. Pat the hash browns into an even layer, then pour the eggbroccoli mixture on top. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the omelet is just set, 15 to 20 minutes. Whisk the olive oil, vinegar and mustard in a bowl. Add the tomatoes and scallions and toss. Season with salt and pepper. Invert the omelet onto a plate and cut into wedges. Serve with the tomato salad.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [3 cups chopped broccoli about 1 small head, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 cups frozen shredded hash browns about 8 ounces, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 large eggs, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 12 cups shredded havarti or cheddar cheese about 6 ounces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 8 small tomatoes, cut into wedges, 2 scallions, chopped], title: Broccoli Omelet With Tomato Salad, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 55365: {instructions: Combine first 4 ingredients in the bottom of a large food storage bag. Add mushroom caps, seal bag and shake bag to coat caps, then let the mushrooms marinate for 15 minutes.nGrill mushrooms on indoor electric grill, starting with caps down, turning to caps up, 6 minutes on each side. Panfry in large nonstick skillet for same amount of time. Season caps while they cook on each side with grill seasoning or a little salt and pepper. Melt the smoked cheese over mushroom caps in the last minute of grill time.nTo make the red pepper paste, combine the roasted red peppers, oil, parsley, garlic, salt, and pepper in food processor and pulse grind into thick sauce.nTo serve, place the grilled mushroom caps topped with melted cheese on the bun bottoms. Top with spinach and onion. Spread bun tops with roasted pepper paste. Serve with Tomato and Onion Salad and Pasta Salad with Ricotta Salata and Broccolini., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 2 turns of the bottle in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 18 cup 3 splashes balsamic vinegar, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and chopped, about 2 tablespoons, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning blend preferred brand: McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning or 1 teaspoon combined coarse salt and pepper, 12 pound fresh smoked mozzarella, sliced, 1 14ounce jar roasted peppers, drained, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, A handful flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 large clove garlic, cracked away from skin, Salt and pepper, 4 large crusty rolls, split, Whole baby spinach leaves, Thinly sliced red onions, Onion and Garlic Yukon Gold Potato Chips, preferred brand: Terra Chips, Tomato and Onion Salad, recipe under this show number: TM1A04, Pasta Salad with Ricotta Salata and Broccolini, recipe under this show number: TM1A04], title: Portobello Burgers with Roasted Pepper Paste and Smoked Mozzarella, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 55366: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 18 large muffin cups with paper liners. Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the melted butter and blend. Combine the eggs, milk, vanilla, and mashed bananas, and add them to the flourandbutter mixture. Scrape the bowl and blend well. Dont overmix.nFold the diced bananas, walnuts, granola, and coconut into the batter. Spoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each 1 to the top. Top each muffin with dried banana chips, granola, or coconut, if desired. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the tops are brown and a toothpick comes out clean. Cool slightly, remove from the pan, and serve., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 extralarge eggs, 34 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup mashed ripe bananas 2 bananas, 1 cup mediumdiced ripe bananas 1 banana, 1 cup smalldiced walnuts, 1 cup granola, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, Dried banana chips, granola, or shredded coconut, optional], title: Banana Crunch Muffins, picturelink: jH3Zox6fhjUQPLDAAJQ2DtGHRlbtYa}, 55367: {instructions: Cream the butter, sugar, and vanilla thoroughly. Sift together the flour and salt, add to the butter, and mix. Fold in the nuts and cherries and chill the dough for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nRoll the dough into 1inch balls and place on an ungreased cookie sheet they do not spread as they bake. Bake until set but do not brown, about 10 minutes.nWhile still warm but set, roll the cookies in confectioners sugar and cool. Roll in confectioners sugar again and bake again for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, plus more for rolling, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup finely chopped pecans, 12 cup candied glace cherries, chopped], title: Russian Cherry Teacakes, picturelink: aEiudydP9OJcfBFtpSG11iMIUUA1aOe}, 55368: {instructions: Melt the butter in a saucepan, add the peas, lettuce hearts, bouquet garni, salt, sugar and water. Simmer with the lid on for 40 minutes. Remove the lettuce and strain the peas, reserving the liquid. The amount of liquid should be very little but reduce it to about 2 tablespoonfuls, whisk in the cream and pour over peas. Cut lettuce hearts into quarters and place on the peas., ingredients: [3 ounces of butter, 2 pints fresh shelled peas, 2 lettuce hearts, tied up with string, 1 bouquet garni, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 14 pint 12 cup double cream], title: Peas with Lettuce, picturelink: null}, 55369: {instructions: Toss the shrimp with the garlic, half of the lemon juice, the oregano, a fat drizzle of EVOO, a few shakes hot sauce, the parsley and some salt and pepper. Wrap each shrimp in a slice of ham.nDrizzle some olive oil in a large skillet and heat over mediumhigh to high heat. Add the shrimp and cook until the ham is brown and crisp and the shrimp are firm and pink at the ends. Remove the shrimp to a platter. Pour the sherry in the pan, swirl, then add the butter and the remaining lemon juice, and swirl to gloss the sauce. Pour the sauce over the shrimp and serve., ingredients: [12 large prawns or jumbo shrimp, tail on and deveined, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 stem fresh oregano or marjoram, leaves stripped and finely chopped, EVOO, for drizzling, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Fat handful fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices Serrano ham, Olive oil, for sauteing, 12 cup dry sherry, 2 tablespoons butter], title: SerranoWrapped Sherry Shrimp, picturelink: ZTvpzaeB1LSVcjObMsPrWLr3ijmxH3K}, 55370: {instructions: In a preheated 400 degree F oven, toast bread cubes 5 to 7 minutes or until barely golden.nIn a large skillet, melt butter and cook onion and celery over medium heat for 3 minutes or until softened. Transfer to a bowl and add bread cubes, herbs, salt, pepper, and chicken broth. Toss well and adjust seasoning. Transfer to baking dish and bake in Bake at 325 degrees F for 20 minutes until heated through and crust forms on top.nIn a preheated 400 degree F oven, toast bread cubes 5 to 7 minutes or until barely golden.nIn a large skillet, cook the bacon over moderately low heat, stirring, until crisp. Transfer with slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Pour off all but about 4 tablespoons of fat, cook onions and celery in bacon fat over medium heat for 3 minutes or until softened. Transfer to a bowl and add bread cubes, oysters, herbs, salt, pepper, and chicken broth. Toss well and adjust seasoning and bake.nIn a preheated 400 degree F oven toast bread cubes 5 to 7 minutes or until barely golden.nIn a large skillet, cook the sausage over moderately low heat, stirring, until cooked through. Add onions and celery and cook for 3 minutes or until softened. Transfer to a bowl and add bread cubes, herbs, salt, pepper, and chicken broth. Toss well and adjust seasoning and bake.nIn a preheated 400 degree F oven, toast bread cubes 5 to 7 minutes or until barely golden.nIn a large skillet, melt 6 tablespoons butter and cook onion and celery over medium heat for 3 minutes or until softened.nIn another skillet, melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter, add apples, and saute until softened. Transfer onion mixture, apples, bread cubes, herbs, salt, pepper, pecans, and chicken broth. Toss well and adjust seasoning and bake., ingredients: [12 cups 12inch cubes homemade style white or whole wheat bread about 1 pound, 2 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon rubbed sage, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups chicken broth, OysterBacon Stuffing, recipe follows, Cornbread Stuffing, recipe follows, ApplePecan Stuffing, recipe follows, 12 cups 12inch cubes homemade style white or whole wheat bread about 1 pound, 12 pound bacon, 2 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 24 oysters, shucked and chopped, 23 cups fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon rubbed sage, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 12 cups 12inch cubes cornbread about 1 pound, 12 pound andouille, cut into 13inch pieces, 2 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 teaspoon rubbed sage, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 12 cups 12inch cubes homemade style white or whole wheat bread about 1 pound, 12 cup butter, 2 cups chopped onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 2 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cut into 12inch dice, 1 teaspoon rubbed sage, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 cup chopped roasted pecans, 1 12 cups chicken broth], title: Basic Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 55371: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, parsley, eggs, milk, cheese, sundried tomatoes, salt, and pepper. Add the turkey and gently stir to combine, being careful not to overwork the meat.nOn a baking sheet lined with parchment paper, lay out the pancetta, overlapping the slices, into a large rectangle shape. In the middle of the rectangle, place the turkey mixture, shaping into a loaf. Using the parchment paper, wrap the pancetta up and around the turkey loaf to cover completely. Squeeze the parchmentcovered loaf with your hands to secure the pancetta and solidify the shape of the loaf. While still covered in parchment, bake the loaf until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, about 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nIn a blender, combine the arugula and the mayonnaise and process until smooth. Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nTo make the sandwiches, slice the rolls and spread with the arugula mayonnaise. Slice the turkey meatloaf and place on the rolls to make sandwiches., ingredients: [12 cup plain dried bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons whole milk, 12 cup grated Romano, 14 cup chopped sundried tomatoes, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground turkey, preferably dark meat, 10 ounces sliced pancetta, about 10 slices, 3 cups arugula, about 3 ounces, 1 cup mayonnaise, 4 to 6 Italian rolls], title: Pancetta and Turkey Meatloaf Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 55372: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 shallow 5 to 6ounce individual gratin dishes or a 1quart shallow flameproof dish an instantread thermometernPreheat broiler.nCut peel, including all white pith, from grapefruit with a sharp knife. Cut segments from membranes and divide segments among gratin dishes.nCombine yolks, sugar, and wine in a large metal bowl set over a saucepan of barely simmering water and beat with a handheld mixer at mediumhigh speed until mixture registers 140 degrees F on thermometer, about 4 minutes. Continue beating over heat until mixture has tripled in volume and forms a thick ribbon when mixer is lifted, 4 to 5 minutes more. Remove bowl from heat. Spoon sabayon over grapefruit segments and broil 4 to 6 inches from heat just until sabayon is browned, about 30 seconds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ruby red grapefruit, at room temperature, 2 large egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup sweet dessert wine recommended: Orange Muscat], title: Grapefruit Sabayon Gratin, picturelink: null}, 55373: {instructions: Set rack at the middle level in the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nButter the bottom of two 9inch round or one 13 by 9 by 2inch pan. Line bottom with parchment or waxed paper.nIn a large bowl, beat butter and sugar for about 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Stir together flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside. Combine egg whites, milk and vanilla extract. Add 13 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture then add half the milk mixture. Continue to alternate beginning and ending with flour mixture. Scape the bowl and beater often.nPour the batter into prepared pans and smooth top with metal spatula. Bake cakes about 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center emerges clean.nCool in pan on rack for 5 minutes, then turn out onto a rack, remove paper and let cool completely.nNote: For a classic yellow cake Substitute 3 large eggs and 1 yolk for the egg whites., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 large egg whites 34 cup, 34 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Classic White Cake, picturelink: null}, 55374: {instructions: Add the broccoli florets to a large pot of boiling, salted water and cook until al dente, 3 to 4 minutes. Prepare a bowl of ice water. Remove the florets from the pot, reserving the cooking water. Stop the cooking process by shocking them in the ice water. Remove the florets and pat dry.nAdd the spaghetti in the same pot of water. Cook until al dente, about 8 minutes.nMeanwhile, add the oil, sliced broccoli stems, red pepper flakes and garlic to a large skillet over mediumlow heat and sprinkle with salt. Cook until the garlic is lightly toasted and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Add the florets, toss to coat and warm through.nDrain the pasta in a colander set in the sink, and add the pasta to the skillet. Increase the heat to mediumhigh. Toss the ingredients and adjust the seasoning if needed. Transfer the pasta to a large serving bowl. Squeeze the lemon juice over the top and sprinkle with the ParmigianoReggiano. Serve., ingredients: [1 large bunch broccoli, cut into about 4 cups florets and 1 cup thinly sliced stems from close to the base, Kosher salt, Ice, 1 pound spaghetti, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Spaghetti and Broccoli Aglio Olio, picturelink: uRqNWAbCidSfzTylCbmJWj206LNLPq2}, 55375: {instructions: In a large saute pan coated with the canola oil, cook the garlic, ginger, shiitake, bok choy, tomatoes, shrimp, and fish over high heat for 1 minute. Add the mussels, clams, smoky dashi broth, noodles and butter and simmer covered until the shellfish have opened, about 4 to 5 minutes.nPlating: Pour the broth and the fish into a largeshallow bowl so that the fish shows through the top of the broth. Place the tatsoi on top of the fish. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the cut fish cakes around the top of the fish and garnish with the aioli. Set out 4 smaller shallow bowls and ladle out the respective portions making sure to include all the components in each serving.nIn a large pot over medium heat, cook the shallots, garlic, and ginger until transparent, about 20 minutes. Add the tomato and Szechwan peppercorns and continue cooking for 5 minutes. Then add the sake and reduce by a half. Add the mirin and dashi and simmer for 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and lightly puree in a blender just until the tomato is just broken up. Strain before using.nIn a food processor, combine the fish, egg, miso, cream, and lemon juice until smooth. Season with black pepper and fold in the scallions.nLay the nori shiny side down on a rolling mat and spread a thin layer of fish mousse over 34 of the nori. Place the pepper strips at the bottom of the nori and roll, creating a spiral of nori and mousse. Seal the edge of the roll with a little water. Repeat the procedure for the other roll. Whisk the rice flour and soda water together until a thick pancakelike batter is achieved. Dip the nori rolls in the batter and place in a fryer or a medium heavy pot 13 full with oil over high heat to 350 degrees. Fry the rolls until very golden. Remove, season with salt and cut on the bias into thick slices.nAioli: 2 egg yolks 2 tablespoons red miso 2 tablespoons roasted garlic, pureed 1 cup canola oil Juice of one lemon Black peppernIn a food processor, puree the egg, miso, and garlic. While the processor is running, slowly add the canola oil until the mixture thickens. Add the lemon juice and season with pepper. Add a little water if the aioli is too thick.nWine suggestion: Bastianich Vino da Tavola 1998, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, chopped, 1 cup shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup bok choy, chopped, 1 cup tomatoes, chopped, 9 large shrimp, peeled, 12 ounces mixed fish cut into 12inch pieces, 8 mussels, cleaned and debearded, 9 small hard shell clams, such as Little Neck or Manila, cleaned, 1quart smoky dashi broth, recipe follows, 2 cups fresh udon noodles, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups tatsoi, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup sliced shallots, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh ginger, chopped, 4 very ripe tomatoes, cores removed, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon toasted and ground Szechwan peppercorns, 1 cup sake, 12 cup mirin, 8 cups dashi, Salt and black pepper, 6 ounces white fish, roughly diced, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons yellow miso, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 lemon, juiced, Black pepper, 14 cup scallion greens, thinly sliced, 2 sheets nori, 6 to 8 strips red bell pepper, 1 cup rice flour, 1 to 2 cups soda water, Canola oil, for frying], title: Udon Seafood Cioppino with Smoky Dashi Broth and Spiraled Fish Cake, picturelink: null}, 55376: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil, and salt generously. Add the pasta, and boil according to package directions until al dente, tender but still slightly firm. Strain, and toss with a splash of oil.nMeanwhile, slice the chicken into 14inchthick strips, and lay them on a plate or a sheet of waxed paper. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat, and add 2 tablespoons of the butter. When the butter melts, raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the chicken in 1 layer. Cook, without moving the pieces, until the underside has browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Flip the pieces, and cook until browned and fully cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a medium bowl.nReduce the heat to medium, and add the remaining 6 tablespoons butter. Scrape the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon to release any browned bits. When the butter has mostly melted, whisk in the cream and nutmeg and bring to a simmer, then cook for 2 minutes. Lower the heat to keep the sauce just warm.nWhisk the ParmigianoReggiano into the sauce. Add the chicken and cooked pasta, and toss well. Season with salt and pepper. Serve hot in heated bowls., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces fettuccine, Olive oil, for tossing, 12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast about 2, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 pinches freshly grated nutmeg, 1 12 cups freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 55377: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan.nPlace peeled and pitted avocado halves in a bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and lemon juice to prevent oxidation, and sprinkle with a good amount of grey salt and black pepper. To grill indoors, preheat a grill pan over medium heat. Douse a paper towel with olive oil, then swipe it across the grill pan so you have just enough olive oil so the avocados wont stick they will supply their own fat. Place avocados on the grill, cut side down. Grill for 1 full minute.nMeanwhile, preheat a 10inch saute pan. Add 12 cup of olive oil to the pan, add minced garlic and saute until it gets light brown. Add julienned basil and saute until wilted and transfer to a large glass or ceramic bowl. Take the avocados off the grill and add to the bowl. With a fork, mash the avocadobasil mixture well. Add sour cream and stir. Add Parmesan and stir. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted, and halved, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for grilling, 2 lemons, juiced, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 34 cup julienned basil leaves, 12 cup sour cream or creme fraiche, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Grilled Avocado Rockamole, picturelink: null}, 55378: {instructions: Spread a tortilla with a layer of cream cheese and then a layer of salsa. Place an asparagus spear at the edge of the tortilla and roll tightly. Chill, seam side down, covered with a slightly damp paper towel and plastic wrap.. When ready to serve, cut on the bias in 1 12inch slices, discarding uneven ends, and arrange on a serving platter., ingredients: [1 package flour tortillas, 1 package cream cheese, softened at room temperature, 1 jar salsa, 12 asparagus spears, blanched and shocked in cold water], title: Asparagus Wraps, picturelink: null}, 55379: {instructions: Combine the yeast and sugar with a little of the warm water, and set aside until mixture is frothy. Sift the flour and salt into a large bowl, and make a well in the center. Add the yeast mixture, along with the remaining warm water. Using your hands, work the mixture into a dough, adding more water if necessary. Transfer dough to a lightly floured surface and knead until pliable and springy, about 5 minutes. Place dough in an oiled bowl, turning to coat, cover with a damp cloth and let rise in a warm place until dough doubles in size, about 1 hour.nPunch down risen dough and knead on a lightly floured surface. Roll into a log and cut into 2 to 3 equal pieces. Roll each piece into a ball, place on floured surface and let rest 30 minutes under a towel.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F, and preheat baking sheets, tiles, or a baking stone.nPrepare the filling: Melt the butter in a skillet, add the onion and saute until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and saute another minute. Transfer onion mixture to a large bowl, add remaining ingredients, and mix thoroughly with your fingertips. If mixture seems too dry, add a teaspoon of water.nPlace a ball of dough on a floured surface and roll into a round, flat circle, about 18inch thick. Place the round on the oiled, preheated baking sheets or tiles. Brush the top with olive oil and spread with a thin, even layer of the meat filling, leaving a 12inch border around the edge. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.nBake for 12 to 15 minutes. The dough should still be soft enough to roll up.nSqueeze a little lemon juice over each of the hot lahmacuns, and serve immediately either flat or rolled up into cones.nFor the alternative filling: Mix all the filling ingredients in a bowl and blend thoroughly. Spread a thin layer on each circle of dough. Proceed with recipe, but bake for only 6 to 8 minutes., ingredients: [34 teaspoon dried yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 cups lukewarm water, 2 14 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, Olive oil for bowl and brushing dough, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 8 ounces ground lamb or chuck, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon kirmizi biber, or combination sweet paprika and cayenne pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh mint, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 12 cups white Turkish cheese or feta cheese, crumbled, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Lahmacun, picturelink: null}, 55380: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat large saute pan over high heat. Add the sausage and cook until golden brown. Remove the sausage with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels. Add butter to the rendered fat in the pan, and then add the onions, celery and carrots and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Remove the mixture from the heat and fold in the sage. Scrape the mixture into a large bowl and let cool slightly.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWhen the vegetable mixture has cooled slightly, add the sausage to the bowl. Add the egg and bread and mix to coat. Add the chicken stock until the mixture is moist. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nButter a large baking dish and scrape the mixture into the dish. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [1 pound hot Italian sausage, removed from casings, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for greasing dish, 1 large red onion, finely diced, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, 1 large carrot, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 large egg, slightly beaten, 4 cups stale country bread, cut into 1inch dice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 to 2 cups warm chicken stock], title: Country Bread and Sage Dressing, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 55381: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 12stick of the butter in a heavy pot over medium heat. Then add the onions and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the carrots and celery, and then stir and cook for a couple more minutes. Throw in the cauliflower. Then stir it around, cover and cook over very low heat for 15 minutes.nAdd the parsley, and then add the chicken broth and simmer for 10 minutes.nMeantime, make a simple white sauce: Melt the remaining 12stick butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Then whisk in the flour. Cook for a couple of minutes, and then pour in the milk, whisking to combine. Remove the white sauce from the heat and pour in the halfandhalf. Then pour this creamy mixture into the pot. Add 1 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste, and allow the soup to simmer for another 20 to 30 minutes. The soup will thicken slightly but shouldnt be overly thick. Give it a taste and add more salt if needed.nNow, this is the fun part: To serve the soup, place the room temperature sour cream in the bottom of a soup tureen a very large serving bowl. Then add the whole pot of hot soup to the tureen.nStir gently to combine, and then serve immediately with warm rolls and an appetite for something wonderful.nYou will love everything about this., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 12 onion, finely diced, 1 carrot, finely diced, 1 celery stalk, finely diced, 1 cauliflower head, cored and roughlychopped, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh parsley, 8 cups lowsodium chicken broth or stock, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 to 2 teaspoons salt or to taste, Ground black pepper, 1 heaping cup sour cream, at roomtemperature, Warm rolls or crusty bread, for serving], title: Cauliflower Soup, picturelink: YzWWBf278cOYCEzrVUVmFZMyry6uUee}, 55382: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 325 degrees F. Whisk together the butter, brown sugar, maple syrup, vanilla, apple pie spice and salt in a large bowl. Add the oats, and toss until evenly coated. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet.nBake the mixture until golden and toasted, 30 to 35 minutes, stirring about halfway through. Let cool completely on the baking sheet. Stir in the pita chips and apple chips. The granola can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 34 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 1 12 cups cinnamonsugar pita chips, crushed into 14inch pieces, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon apple pie spice, 1 cup apple chips, crushed], title: Apple Pie Granola, picturelink: z.aEiXVW2ixP4R4Jpsnj7AERBS7ZTa}, 55383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over high heat, add the pearl onions and cook 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon, pat dry and set aside.nMelt the butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat, stir in the flour, nutmeg and some salt and pepper and cook until the flour is well incorporated and the raw flavor cooks out, 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the cream and chicken stock, bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer until thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the pearl onions, then the kale, little by little, and cook until it wilts, about 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat, stir in the Parmesan, taste, and adjust seasonings. Serve hot., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup pearl onions, peeled, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup homemade chicken stock or storebought chicken broth, 1 14 pounds baby kale, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Creamed Kale with Pearl Onions, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 55384: {instructions: Heat oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook onions slowly until golden brown. Add mustard and vinegar and cook another 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add honey, orange zest and thyme, stir to combine. Let cool.nPreheat grill, Brush the potato slices on both sides with the vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the potatoes on each side for 3 to 4 minutes or until just cooked through. Place potatoes in a bowl and fold in onion mixture., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 red onions, peeled, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon finely chopped orange zest, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 3 sweet potatoes, sliced into 12thick slices, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Caramelized Onion Sweet Potato Salad, picturelink: cU1E3fjCsrQJFNFNMnyzUaJJ2Ot4SGC}, 55385: {instructions: 1. Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp, about 8 to10 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate and discard all the pan drippings.n2. Add 1 teaspoon butter and the shallots and cook until brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the asparagus to the skillet and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the asparagus are bright green and tender about 2 minutes. Set aside.n3. Spread a thin layer of cheese over a tortilla and scatter a quarter of the herbs on top. Place the tortilla cheeseside up in the skillet. Scatter a quarter of the bacon and asparagus on the lower half of the tortilla, then fold the tortilla over and press lightly. Cook until golden brown, turning once, about 3 minutes on each side. If the pan gets dry, add butter, as needed. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Cut quesadillas into wedges and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces thick cut bacon, sliced crosswise into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, plus more as needed, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 pound pencil asparagus, trimmed, cut into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese about 12 cup, 4 10inch flour tortillas, 114 teaspoons chopped tarragon, dill, or parsley], title: Asparagus, Bacon and Goat Cheese Quesadilla, picturelink: null}, 55386: {instructions: Heat the oil in a 12inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook for 10 minutes or until well browned on both sides. Remove the chicken from the skillet.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the garlic to the skillet and cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in the vinegar and cook, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan.nStir the soup and beans in the skillet and heat to a boil. Stir in the spinach. Return the chicken to the skillet. Reduce the heat to medium. Cover and cook until the chicken is cooked through and the spinach is wilted., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Golden Mushroom Soup, 1 can about 15 ounces white kidney beans cannellini, rinsed and drained, 1 bag about 7 ounces fresh baby spinach], title: Balsamic Chicken with White Beans and Spinach, picturelink: fPp1sTyiWsMMWh9plo5CcRl1fQIsfOq}, 55387: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill with a cover, or prepare a gas grill to mediumhigh.nTo make the spread combine the cheese, mayonnaise, and ginger in a small bowl, cover and sit aside.nTo make the patties, place the sausage in a food processor and process until finely chopped. Transfer to a large bowl and add the chuck, papaya, onion, and spiced sea salt. Combine well, handling the meat as little as possible to avoid compacting it. Form into 6 patties and refrigerate until ready to grill.nTo make the glaze, combine the sweet chili sauce and shoyu in a small bow. Set aside.nTo make the salad, pour the oil into a fireproof skillet and heat on the grill until it reaches its smoking point. While the oil is heating, half the avocado slices and place in a large bowl. Add the lemon juice and toss gently. Layer the papaya, watercress, onions, garlic and pepper flakes over avocado and carefully drizzle the hot oil over the top. Add the Shoyu and toss to continue.nBrush the grill rack with oil. Place the patties on the rack, and cover, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes per side, basting often with the glaze until the desired doneness is reached. During the last few minutes of cooking, place the buns cut sides down on the outer edges of the rack to toast lightly.nTo assemble the burgers, spread the goat cheese spread over the cut sides of the bun tops. Place a patty on each bun bottom and top with equal portions of the salad. Add the bun tops and devour., ingredients: [4 ounces garlic chive or garlic flavored goat cheese, recommend: Surfing Goat Dairy Rolling Green, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 12 tablespoons finely minced fresh ginger, Patties, 3 ounces spicy Hawaiian Portuguese sausage  can substitute Portuguese Sausage or linguica, 2 pounds ground chuck, 13 cup minced ripe papaya, 13 cup minced Maui onion or other sweet onion, 5 tablespoons Asian style spiced sea salt, 23 cup sweet chili sauce, 2 12 tablespoons shoyu Japanese soy sauce, preferably Yamasa, 3 tablespoons macadamia nut oil can substitute peanut oil, 2 small Hass avocados, pitted, peeled and thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, preferably Meyer, 12 ripe papaya coarsely chopped, 5 cups chopped watercress, 2 small Maui onions or other sweet onions, thinly sliced and separated into rings, 2 Large cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 Tablespoons shoyu Japanese soy sauce Preferably Yamasa, Vegetable oil, for brushing on the grill rack, 6 seeded hamburger buns or sandwich rolls, split], title: Hawaii Da Kine Burger, picturelink: null}, 55388: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 9 by 13inch baking pan with nonstick spray. Whisk 13 cup of water, oil, eggs, and 2 tablespoons espresso powder in a large bowl to blend. Add the brownie mix. Stir until well blended. Stir in the chocolate chips. Transfer the batter to the prepared baking pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the brownies comes out with a few moist crumbs attached, about 35 minutes. Cool completely.nMeanwhile, dissolve the remaining 2 teaspoons of espresso powder in the remaining 2 tablespoons of water in a medium bowl. Whisk in the vanilla. Add the powdered sugar and butter and whisk until smooth. Pour the glaze over the brownies. Refrigerate until the glaze is set. Cut into bitesize pieces. Arrange the brownies on a platter and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons espresso powder, 1 19.8ounce box brownie mix recommended: Duncan Hines, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Espresso Brownies, picturelink: u3zanutrkQpwV9OHsZXOj05kk2u}, 55389: {instructions: Reserve 4 berries for garnish and divide the remaining berries among four 8ounce mason jars or tempered glasses.nPut 2 cups of the cream and 12 cup of the sugar in a small saucepan. Split the vanilla bean, scrape the seeds into the cream and drop in the bean halves. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium to mediumhigh heat and boil for 4 minutes, stirring occasionally and taking care that it doesnt boil over which can happen really easily. Remove from the heat, discard the vanilla bean halves and stir in the lemon juice.nDivide the cream among the glasses the berries will float up to the top. Refrigerate until set, at least 3 hours or overnight.nBefore serving, gently whip the remaining 12 cup cream with the remaining 12 teaspoon sugar, and dollop over the possets. Top each serving with one of the reserved raspberries. If you serve the possets the next day, you can let them warm for 20 minutes or so at room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 cup raspberries, 2 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 vanilla bean, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice about 2 lemons], title: LemonVanilla Bean Posset with Raspberries, picturelink: cdB8N03wM1Zjb36AfUdiSWhdCLNCqky}, 55390: {instructions: Make the dough: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar, vinegar and salt in a food processor until combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize pieces of butter. Whisk the egg with 2 tablespoons water add to the food processor and pulse until a dough just starts to form. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap shape into a disk, wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour.nMist a baking sheet with cooking spray. Roll out the dough into a 12inch round between 2 sheets of floured parchment paper. Remove the top piece of parchment and invert the dough onto the prepared baking sheet remove the other piece of parchment. Refrigerate until ready to assemble.nMake the filling: Toss the blueberries, 13 cup granulated sugar, the lemon juice, cornstarch and salt in a bowl. Whisk the cream cheese, egg yolk, the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and the nutmeg in a separate bowl.nSpread half of the cream cheese mixture over the dough, leaving a 2inch border. Top with the blueberries. Fold the edge of the dough over the filling. Drizzle the remaining cream cheese mixture over the berries refrigerate 30 minutes.nPut an inverted baking sheet in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Brush the crust with the beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Put the baking sheet with the galette directly on the hot baking sheet in the oven. Bake until the crust is golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool slightly before slicing.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 cups blueberries, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 4 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 large egg, beaten, plus 1 egg yolk, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling], title: Blueberry Cheesecake Galette, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 55391: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Halve the baguette lengthwise and then crosswise to make 4 large pieces.nPut a wire rack on a baking sheet. In a small bowl, mix the butter, garlic, parsley and salt, if using, until fully combined. Spread the mixture evenly over the cut sides of the baguette. Put the baguette pieces cutside up on the wire rack and bake until golden brown and crunchy, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 large baguette, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley, Pinch coarse salt, optional], title: Garlic Bread, picturelink: ZIbqJqU99yeQnvk3KPKlr2XUQUeSOHi}, 55392: {instructions: Make the sauce:nIn a medium mixing bowl, stir together the yogurt and lemon zest and juice. Season, to taste, with a couple pinches of salt. Sauce can be made ahead of time and refrigerated until ready to use. Bring to room temperature before using.nCut the brioche into about 13 to 12inch thick slices and then use a small glass to cut out as many circles as possible, about 3 inches in diameter, from each slice. Place the bread buns in an airtight container until ready to use so that they stay moist and soft.nMake the burgers:nPreheat the grill.nCombine all ingredients in a mixing bowl and work together until they are fully incorporated. Using a small ice cream scoop, scoop the mixture into little balls about 1 to 1 12 inches big and place them on a parchment paperlined baking pan. Using your hands, flatten burgers to about 12inch thick and just a couple inches in diameter.nOnce the grill is hot, place them on the grill and cook, about 2 to 3 minutes per side or until fully cooked through cook time varies based on how hot your grill is.nPlace the cooked mini burgers on top of the cut brioche and add a piece of lettuce and a tomato slice. Top with a dollop of the lemon yogurt sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 pint plain Greekstyle yogurt, preferably fullfat, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, Kosher salt, 1 loaf brioche bread, 2 pounds ground lamb preferably shoulder meat, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, About 20 grinds fresh black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, pressed, 1 small head red leaf lettuce, washed, dried, trimmed and torn into small pieces, 4 ripe plum tomatoes, cut into 14inch thick rounds], title: Mini Moroccan Lamb Burgers on Brioche Rounds with Lemon Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: klP4ogeDlt4MIVcl0pqiDRjZlMBGhvK}, 55393: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees and set out a deep 10inch ovenproof skillet castiron is best. In a small bowl, mix the granulated sugar with the cinnamon and set aside.nIn a mediumsized bowl, lightly whisk the eggs, milk and lemon zest. Blend in the flour just until mixed the batter will be slightly lumpy.nIn the skillet, melt 14 cup of the butter over medium heat. Add the apples and saute for 5 minutes or until tender. Pour the egg batter over the apples and transfer the skillet to the oven. Bake for 20 minutes or until the apples are tender and the pie puffs up high.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining 14 cup butter. Remove the skillet from the oven, drizzle the puff pie with the butter and sprinkle with the cinnamonsugar mixture. Return the pie to the oven for 5 minutes or until the sugar mixture is bubbly. Sprinkle with a little confectioners sugar and serve immediately, right from the skillet., ingredients: [14 cup granulated sugar, 13 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 large eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsalted butter, divided, 2 tart apples Granny Smith, peeled, quartered, and sliced 14inchthick, Sifted confectioners sugar], title: Deloress Apple Puff Pancake Pie, picturelink: null}, 55394: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 to 2 cups hickory or alder wood chips, for smokingnTo make the salmon: In a medium bowl or container, combine the hot water, brown sugar, white sugar, salt and lemon zest. Add the salmon, skin side up, to the brine, pressing it down to submerge. Cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate overnight.nRemove the salmon from the brine, and discard the liquid. Rinse the fillet under cold running water briefly to remove the excess salt. Place the salmon, skin side down, onto a rack. Let it stand until the top is dry to the touch, for about 1 hour. Do not pat dry.nTo prepare your wok smoker: Lay 2 layers of foil in the bottom of a wok if you want to protect the pan from getting charred. Add 2 handfuls of wood chips to the wok and place it over high heat. Add the 12 cup water.nPosition the bamboo steamer over top of the chips, and set the salmon fillets inside.nCover the wok with a lid or aluminum foil, and let the salmon smoke for about 20 to 30 minutes, or until its flesh is firm to the touch, and its edges are brown, crustier and caramelized.nRemove the salmon from the steamer and transfer to a plate. Drizzle the smoked salmon with olive oil for garnish, and serve it alongside the salad.nTo make the vinaigrette: Pour the apple juice into a small pot, then boil it on high to reduce the liquid by half.nInto a bowl, add the mustard and grind over some black pepper.nAdd a nice pinch of coarse salt, then add a dash of the apple cider vinegar. Whisk in your reduced apple juice along with the canola oil. Taste for seasonings and adjust if necessary.nTo make the salad: Toss the frisee, radishes, beets, green beans, arugula, and celery leaves into a bowl with just enough vinaigrette to barely moisten the leaves.nPartially crush your crunchy croutons by placing them into a bowl, then crunching them with the bottom of a second bowl. Then add them to the vegetables.nGrate a little lemon zest over the salad with a grind of black pepper. Give everything a final toss and plate., ingredients: [3 cups hot water, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 cup white sugar, 4 tablespoons coarse or kosher salt, Pinch grated lemon zest, 2 4ounce skinon salmon fillets, 1 to 2 cups hickory or alder wood chips, for smoking, 12 cup water, Olive oil, for garnish, 1 cup apple juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch coarse or kosher salt, Dash apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 4 to 6 frisee lettuce sprigs, 2 large radishes, thinly sliced, 1 small yellow beet, peeled and thinly sliced, Handful baby green beans, blanched, Handful baby arugula leaves, Handful fresh celery leaves, 13 cup croutons, toasted and slightly crushed, Zest of 12 lemon, for garnish], title: Home Smoked Salmon with Green Salad and Apple Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 55395: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the tops from the peppers and scoop out the seeds and ribs. Carefully trim the bottoms if necessary to make peppers stand straight when upright. Place a steamer rack over a few inches of boiling water, or set a colander over a couple of inches boiling water in a large stock pot. Place the peppers in the steamer and cover. Steam 10 minutes, and remove to a baking dish or casserole.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a saucepot with a tightfitting lid over medium heat. Add the orzo and brown lightly, and then add 12 the garlic and stir. After 30 seconds stir in the water. Bring to a boil, and then reduce heat to a simmer, cover and cook 15 minutes. Spread the orzo onto a baking sheet and cool.nPlace the ground lamb in a bowl and add the cooled orzo. Season with 12 the marjoram, the rosemary, 2 tablespoons parsley, and season with salt, and pepper. Overstuff the peppers with the filling. Drizzle about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil over the peppers, pouring about 1 tablespoon over top of each. Arrange the peppers in a casserole or small baking dish and roast 50 minutes to 1 hour, until crispy at the edges and cooked through.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a saucepot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, cubanelle peppers, remaining garlic, remaining marjoram, and saute until soft. Add the tomato sauce, and season with salt, and pepper.nCool the peppers and sauce for a makeahead meal or serve immediately.nFor reheating: Add 12 cup water to the baking dish, and place in a heated 375 degree F oven, covered until warmed throughout, about 30 minutes. Uncover and let the water evaporate, and crisp the top, 20 minutes more. Reheat the sauce over mediumlow heat to heat through.nServe the peppers hot with sauce over top, or in a puddle underneath the peppers. Top with crumbled feta., ingredients: [4 large red bell peppers, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 14 cups orzo pasta, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 cups water, 12 ounces ground lamb, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sprigs fresh marjoram or oregano, leaves picked and chopped or 1 12 teaspoons dried, 2 small sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked and finely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cubanelle peppers or mild frying peppers, chopped, 1 28ounce can tomato sauce, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese or goat cheese], title: Lamb and Rice Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: c0aonqU69cyVnQQAIYjCxTR9BaePBP2}, 55396: {instructions: In food processor, chop up salmon into a paste. Add cream cheese, salt and pepper, and heavy cream to make a mixture loose enough to pipe out into cucumber boats. Peel cucumbers and halve lengthwise. Slice cucumbers into 2inch lengths. Use melon baller to scoop out the cucumber to make into small boatshapes. Spoon salmon mixture into pastry bag fitted with a star tip, and pipe mixture into each cucumber boat. Garnish with fresh dill., ingredients: [34 pound smoked salmon, 8 ounces soft cream cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons heavy cream or halfandhalf, 2 English cucumbers, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped dill], title: Smoked Salmon Mousse in Cucumber Boats, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 55397: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 6quart slow cookernFor the pulled pork: In a large bowl, combine the chili powder, garlic powder, paprika, ancho chili powder, Italian seasoning, bay leaf, 2 tablespoons salt and 1 tablespoon pepper with a fork. Add the pork and turn to completely coat all 4 pieces.nIn the bottom of a 6quart slow cooker, add the onions and cover them with the pork. In a small bowl, combine the sorghum, coconut oil, vinegar and 1 teaspoon liquid smoke. Pour the mixture over the pork.nCover and cook on low until the pork is tender and falls apart when pulled with a fork, 6 to 8 hours, depending on your slow cooker. Remove the pork from the liquid and shred. Skim and discard the fat from the liquid in the slow cooker. Return the pork to the skimmed liquid. Add the remaining teaspoon liquid smoke and stir gently to combine. Season with additional salt if needed. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the queso sauce: In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook until thoroughly combined, about 2 minutes. Whisk in the halfandhalf and cook, stirring often, until thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the creamy black pepper cheese until thoroughly combined, and then add the Cheddar. Once the cheeses are combined, stir in the pickled jalapenos and taste for seasoning. Keep warm until ready to serve.nFor the avocado sour cream: When the pork is almost finished, mash the avocados in a bowl with a whisk until broken down. Whisk in the sour cream, lime juice and a pinch of salt until thoroughly combined. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed. Press a piece of plastic wrap onto the surface to create a barrier from the air. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the nachos: Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the refried beans and cook, stirring occasionally, until heated through.nServe the nachos in individual bowls. Evenly distribute the refried beans, chips, pulled pork and queso sauce. Top each bowl with the avocado cream, tomatoes and cilantro.nServe immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 2 small or 1 large bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds boneless pork butt, cut into 4 pieces, One large yellow onion, diced, 12 cup sorghum see Cooks Note, 14 cup unrefined coconut oil, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons liquid smoke, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups halfandhalf, One 5.2ounce container soft creamy black pepper cheese, such as Boursin, 4 ounces shredded sharp Cheddar, 14 cup chopped pickled jalapenos, 2 medium avocados, 23 cup sour cream, Juice of 2 limes, Pinch of kosher salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, One 16ounce can refried beans or whole black beans, 1 pound bag tortilla chips, 1 medium tomato, diced, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped], title: Pulled Pork Nachos, picturelink: cQg71yZZDFFSPWXP7MFLUsoGNVFTnG}, 55398: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFill a large saucepan with lightly salted water and bring it to a boil. Add the lobster meat, reduce the heat to low, and cook 10 minutes until the meat is opaque. Drain and set aside to cool.nPlace 4 tablespoons butter in a large saucepan and place it over medium heat. Allow the butter to melt and add the onion, carrots, and tarragon. Stir to coat, lower the heat, and let cook for 20 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the peas in the last 5 minutes of cooking.nMeanwhile, place the diced potatoes in a small saucepan and cover with water. Add a little salt and place over high heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and let simmer until the potatoes are fork tender about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and add them to the vegetable mix. Chop the lobster meat and add to the veggie mix as well. Set aside.nFor the bechamel:nPlace the milk in a medium saucepan along with the bay leaves and white pepper and scald which means heat it but dont let it boil Add the lobster base and whisk to incorporate. Melt the butter over medium heat in a medium saucepan. Whisk the flour in and cook for 1 minute. Add the wine and whisk until the mixture thickens. Slowly add the milk, whisking constantly, until the bechamel is thick and creamy. Remove bay leaves. Add the bechamel to the lobster mixture and stir well.nFor the crust:nPlace the flour in the bowl of a food processor along with the salt. Add the butter bits and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour into a bowl and add the ice water a little at a time, stirring well with a fork. Transfer the dough to a well floured surface and knead just until it all comes together dont work the dough too much or itll get tough. Divide the dough in half and flatten each ball into a disk. Wrap each disk in film and refrigerate for 12 hour. Remove from the refrigerator and roll each disk out on a lightly floured surface until it is about 12 inches in diameter. Line a 9inch pie plate with the first disk, ladle the lobster mix into the crust and brush the edges of the dough with the egg wash. Top with the second disk. Trim the excess dough and crimp decoratively. Cut vent holes in the dough and brush the top with the egg wash. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes until the crust is a golden brown. Remove from heat and let cool for 20 minutes before cutting and serving., ingredients: [2 pounds lobster tail meat, 1 large Spanish onion, diced, 2 carrots, sliced into thin coins, 2 teaspoons fresh tarragon, 1 cup frozen peas, 4 red potatoes, diced, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups milk, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon lobster base, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into bits, 6 tablespoons ice water, 1 egg mixed with 1 tablespoon water, for egg wash], title: Lobster Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 55399: {instructions: Coat the inside of a chilled martini glass with fino sherry and toss out the excess. Flame several orange peels into the glass. Add the vodka and strain into the seasoned glass. Garnish with an orange peel.nFlaming: You can create a festive pyrotechnic display for your guests with the oil present in the skin of lemons and oranges. To flame the oil, hold a lit match in one hand, and the twist in the other. Hold the twist by the side not the ends, between thumb and forefinger, skin side down, about 4 inches above the drink. Dont squeeze or youll lose all the oil before you flame. Hold the match between the drink and the twist, closer to the twist. Snap the twist sharply, propelling the oil through the lit match and onto the surface of the drink. Be sure to hold twist far enough from the drink to avoid getting a smoky film on the glass., ingredients: [14ounce fino sherry, Several peels orange rind, 2 ounces vodka, chilled], title: The Flame of Love Martini, picturelink: null}, 55400: {instructions: Get a very hot fire going using oak or charcoal or both. Place a grill grate about 1 foot above the hot coals, which should be ready after about 30 minutes. Melt the butter in a small saucepan and stir in the chervil, chives and lemon juice.nWhen the coals are heated and ready, split the lobster in half lengthwise down the center of its body, then take the back of your knife and crack the claws so they cook evenly with the tail, making sure you remove the rubber bands as well.nGrill the lobster cutside down to cook very quickly and to achieve some char on the exposed meat, about 2 minutes at most, then flip so the shell is facing the flame. Pour some of the butter mixture into the cavity to poach the lobster meat, reserving some for serving. Poach the lobster until the meat has shriveled up a bit inside the shell and is a brilliant white, another 4 minutes.nServe alongside the remaining butter, garlic bread and cold beer, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons fresh chervil, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, One 1 to 1 14pound live lobster], title: Grilled Lobster, picturelink: null}, 55401: {instructions: First prepare the dough. In a bowl mix flour with baking powder, sugar and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour and add egg, the sherry and the melted butter. Mix quickly with a spatula forming a smooth dough. Knead lightly and then place in the refrigerator for 1 hour. Place olive oil into a deep fryer and set at 370 degrees. Place mussels in a saucepan with 2 tablespoons dry white wine, cover with lid and place on heat, shaking from time to time  cook 2 minutes. Take mussels from shell, remove beard, finely slice mussels. Place clarified butter into a frypan and add green pepper and onion. Saute gently and then add raw shrimp and pimento  stir until shrimp is colored and then add crab and mussels. Season with salt, pepper and lemon thyme. Remove mixture from heat and allow to cool completely. Roll pastry dough out thinly. Cut pastry into 1 12inch by 3inch pieces. Brush with egg white and place a teaspoon of filling in the center of each. Dab your fingers in a little flour and fold pastry over and secure by pressing gently around edges. Drop empanadas into the hot oil and cook 3 12 minutes or until puffed and golden. Turn them once. Place on serving dish and dust with freshly grated Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [58 cup all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, plus extra for seasoning, 1 egg, 14 cup dry sherry, 1 12 tablespoons melted butter, 5 cups of olive oil for deep frying, 12 mussels, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 tablespoon clarified butter, 1 green pepper, finely diced, Half medium onion, finely diced, 12 cup raw shrimp shelled weight finely sliced, 2 pimentos, finely diced, 12 cup crabmeat, finely sliced, Salt, Black pepper, Spring lemon thyme, Egg white for brushing pastry, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Empanada Mariscada, picturelink: null}, 55402: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Place a large ovensafe saute pan or baking sheet on the lower rack of the oven to preheat.nSeason the belly cavity of the fish with salt and pepper. Place 2 or 3 lemon slices and a few sprigs each of thyme, oregano and parsley into the cavity of each fish. Really, just fill the cavities with all the lemon and herbs that will fit.nNow for the fun part Close the cavity of each fish by u00bfsewingu00bf a skewer through the skin: Hold the skin together, tucking in the herbs, and weave the skewer up and down through the skin to seal the cavity. The skewer stays in while the fish is cooking. Season the outside of the fish with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Divide the olive oil among the 4 fish and use your fingers to rub it on, coating them well on all sides.nCarefully remove the preheated pan from the oven and gently place the fish in it. There should be a searing noiseu00bfthat means youu00bfre doing it right Return the pan to the oven and roast the fish for 15 minutes.nRemove the fish from the oven and let rest for 2 minutes. Carefully remove the skewers and place the fish herbs and all on large plates for serving. Since these are whole fish, be mindful of the bones as you eat, and advise your guests to be careful as well.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [4 branzino or dorade, scaled and gutted look for 12 to 14ounce fish, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 2 lemons, cut crosswise into paperthin rounds, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh oregano, 12 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 12inch skewers, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: HerbStuffed Whole Fish, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 55403: {instructions: Cook 1 cup wild rice blend in boiling salted water until tender, about 40 minutes drain. Brown 3 ounces each ground pork and chopped andouille sausage in 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 chopped red bell pepper, 2 chopped celery stalks and 1 tablespoon chopped thyme and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 7 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, the cooked rice and 1 bunch chopped scallions and cook, stirring, 3 minutes. Season with salt.nPer serving: Calories: 214 Total Fat: 10 grams Saturated Fat: 2.5 grams Protein: 9 grams Total carbohydrates: 23 grams Sugar: 2 grams Fiber: 3 grams Cholesterol: 19 milligramsnSodium: 324 milligramsnPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Cajun Rice Pilaf, picturelink: UlLRfgidW73tuMBIBzZQ7dMTRW2q6kq}, 55404: {instructions: Coat oxtail pieces with the flour and Cajun seasoning, sear them in 3 tablespoons oil, and remove from the pan. Pour off the fat from the pan, deglaze with the Port, and pour off the Port, reserving it for later use.nIn the same pot, caramelize the onions, carrot, celery, and peppers. Deglaze with the red wine. Add the oxtails to the vegetables. Adding in the tomatoes, chipotle, Sherry, bay leaves, thyme, and Port, and simmer for approximately 3 hours.nSeason, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [5 pounds oxtails, cut into 2inch thick rounds, 1 cup flour, 12 cup Cajun seasoning, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup Port, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 1 large carrot, 3 stalks celery, diced, 3 Italian frying peppers, cut into large pieces, 1 cup red wine, 1 10ounce can whole tomatoes, 12 can chipotle pepper adobo, 1 cup dry Sherry, 3 bay leaves, 1 bunch thyme, leaves picked and chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Oxtail Stew: Rabo Encendido, picturelink: null}, 55405: {instructions: Finely chop 4 shallots, 1 carrot and 1 celery stalk. Saute in a skillet over medium heat with 2 tablespoons butter and 2 thyme sprigs, about 6 minutes. Add 13 cup white wine and boil until evaporated, then add 4 cups Perfect Marinara Sauce see Cooks Note and cook 3 minutes. Stir in 1 tablespoon butter and season with salt and pepper. Toss with pappardelle.nPhotograph Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Chunky Vegetable Sauce, picturelink: 2xKB.sWhOCh6SvOqC7GifnecTubI336}, 55406: {instructions: For the sauce: In a small saucepan, combine the wine, sugar, lemon zest, and lemon juice over mediumhigh heat. Bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring constantly until the sugar has dissolved. Cook until the liquid has reduced by half, 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the nutmeg. Allow the sauce to cool for 30 minutes. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving can be made 3 days in advance.nTo serve: Scoop the gelato into 4 dessert bowls and arrange the strawberries on top. Drizzle with the sauce and top with the crushed cookies., ingredients: [1 12 cups sweet Marsala wine, 14 cup sugar, Zest and juice of 1 large lemon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 pound strawberries, hulled and quartered, 16 amaretti or 4 4inch long biscotti cookies, crushed, Serving suggestion: 2 cups vanilla bean gelato or ice cream.], title: Strawberries with Marsala and Lemon Sauce, picturelink: 3VArv5yUwUYHM1R3sXugROWmo2GGdS}, 55407: {instructions: In a plastic resealable bag, combine black pepper, salt, paprika, cumin, brown sugar, cayenne pepper, allspice, 2 teaspoons of ginger, and the chopped parsley. Add flank steak and coat evenly. Seal bag and refrigerate for 1 to 12 hours.nGrill for 8 to 10 minutes. Allow meat to rest 10 minutes before slicing.nIn a small nonreactive bowl, combine sesame oil, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, and sugar. Stir until sugar dissolves. Add remaining ginger and jalapeno. In a wok pan, combine dressing and scallions.nCook 1 to 2 minutes. Add cabbage and carrot and toss until heated through, about 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove from heat and add cilantro.nCombine sliced flank steak and cabbage slaw and serve on warm pita wraps., ingredients: [12 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon allspice, 2 teaspoons grated fresh ginger, plus 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 1 14 pound flank steak, 1 tablespoon light sesame oil, 1 12 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 jalapeno, grated, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 8 cups Napa cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 carrot, shredded, 1 cup cilantro, roughly chopped, 6 to 8 pita wraps, warmed], title: Thai Steak Wrap, picturelink: null}, 55408: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the maple syrup, wine, dates, stock, curry leaves, fenugreek seeds, mustard seeds, salt and pepper into a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down and simmer until the dates are soft, 15 to 20 minutes. Puree with an immersion blender, and then let cool.nPlace the ribs in a pan large enough to accommodate them in a single layer. Pour over the marinade, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 3 hours. Wipe any excess marinade from the ribs, put them onto a baking sheet and bake until the ribs are very tender, about 1 hour.nServe with Green Beans with Cilantro.nHeat the oil in a skillet and add the fennel seeds and garlic. Cook for about 30 seconds and then add the green beans. Season with salt and saute quickly until the beans are bright green and tendercrisp. Spill into a serving bowl, sprinkle with the cilantro, toss and serve., ingredients: [1 cup maple syrup, 1 cup red wine, 12 cup chopped dates, 12 cup vegetable stock, 14 cup dried curry leaves, 2 tablespoons fenugreek seeds, 2 teaspoons mustard seeds, A pinch of salt, A pinch of pepper, 1 rack short ribs, 12 recipe Green Beans with Cilantro, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 pound green beans, ends removed, A pinch of salt, 12 cup chopped cilantro], title: Maple Date Short Ribs and Green Beans with Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 55409: {instructions: Whisk together the gin, Port, red wine, thyme, and juniper berries in a medium shallow baking dish. Add the venison and turn to coat. Marinate at room temperature for 20 minutes.nRemove from marinade and pat dry. Heat olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Season the venison with salt and pepper and cook on 1 side until golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking for 3 to 4 minutes.nPlate with the Sweet PotatoToasted Pine Nut Polenta, drizzled with the Crushed BlackberryAncho Chile Sauce.nBrush a little oil on a baking sheet and set aside. Heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add stock or water plus salt, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the cornmeal with a wire whisk.nOnce all of the cornmeal is whisked in turn the heat to low and continue cooking, mixing with a wooden spoon, until the mixture begins to pull away from the sides of the pan. Stir in the mashed sweet potato and butter and mix until combined. Stir the pine nuts into the mixture, season with salt and pepper and pour the mixture into the prepared baking sheet. Cover the top with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm and chilled.nRemove from the refrigerator and cut into triangles, circles, or squares. Heat oil in a large saute pan, season the polenta slices with salt and pepper, and saute on both sides until golden brown.nMelt the butter in a medium nonreactive saucepan over medium heat. Cook the celery, carrot, and onions until soft. Add the peppercorns, port, red wine, cranberry juice, ancho puree, brown sugar, and stock and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, until reduced by half. Strain into a clean pot, add the blackberries, and cook over medium heat until the blackberries are soft, using the back of a fork, gently crush the blackberries. Season with salt, to taste.nCombine the ancho and water in a small bowl and let stand 1 hour. Drain well, reserving the soaking liquid. Remove the seeds and stems and puree in a food processor with the garlic, cilantro, and about 12 cup of the liquid, or more if needed., ingredients: [12 cup gin, 12 cup Port, 1 cup red wine, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 8 juniper berries, 4 6ounce venison tenderloins, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Sweet PotatoToasted Pine Nut Polenta, recipe follows, Crushed BlackberryAncho Chile Sauce, recipe follows, Olive oil, 1 large red onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 cups chicken stock, vegetable stock, or water, Salt, 2 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 sweet potato, cooked, peeled, and mashed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 celery stalks, finely diced, 1 medium carrot, finely diced, 2 small yellow onions, finely diced, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 cup Port, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup cranberry juice concentrate, 12 cup ancho chile puree, recipe follows, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 cup fresh blackberries, Salt, 3 ancho chiles, 3 cups boiling water, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro], title: Pan Roasted Venison with Crushed BlackberryAncho Chile Sauce and Sweet PotatoToasted Pine Nut Polenta, picturelink: null}, 55410: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pancakes: Combine the banana, flour, 2 teaspoons of the oil, the baking powder, vanilla, cinnamon, salt and egg in a medium bowl and mix until smooth.nHeat the remaining 12 teaspoon oil in a large nonstick skillet set over medium heat. Pour out the batter, 14 cup at a time, onto the pan, making 4 pancakes. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes per side. The pancakes are ready to be flipped when numerous bubbles appear on the surface. Place two pancakes on two plates.nFor the topping: Combine the butter, rum and brown sugar in a medium skillet set over high heat. Stir constantly until the butter melts and the sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Add the bananas and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat, sprinkle in the vanilla and cinnamon, and baste if the cinnamon clumps. Top the pancakes with the cooked bananas and sauce, and serve., ingredients: [13 cup mashed banana, 14 cup glutenfree allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon light rum, 1 tablespoon packed light brown sugar, 2 whole bananas, halved lengthwise and widthwise, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch ground cinnamon], title: GlutenFree Bananas Foster Pancakes, picturelink: NdLebx4HACHFFah920REz6k4ZygZjgO}, 55411: {instructions: Combine the orange juice, lemon juice, roasted garlic, oregano leaf, salt, pepper, bay leaves and onions, and mix in a large jar with a tight fitting lid. Marinade is best if refrigerated for up to 8 hours and will keep in the refrigerator for several weeks.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nLadle 10 ounces of marinade on top of the Boston butt in a roasting pan and sprinkle the oregano powder on top. Place in the oven and bake uncovered for 10 hours. Danny likes to prepare his marinade in the morning, allow it to ferment throughout the day and places his Boston Butt in the oven to cook overnight., ingredients: [8 cups orange juice, 8 ounces fresh squeezed lemon juice, 8 ounces roasted garlic, 4 tablespoons oregano leaf, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 6 to 8 bay leaves, 1 medium onion, minced, One 8 to 10pound bonein Boston butt, 1 tablespoon dried oregano powder], title: Dannys Mojo Pork, picturelink: SaD.N6POH2quqQKWaMBOvrO5stANYDi}, 55412: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. French the legs of chicken.nBrush chicken legs with 2 tablespoons syrup, and season with salt and pepper. Place into a ziptop plastic bag and shake with ground pecans, flour and Cajun seasoning to coat. In an ovenproof skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Once heated, cook the chicken on both sides until browned. Cover and place in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Turn over and cook 10 minutes more until done. Remove chicken from skillet. In same skillet add collards and onions, stirring for 3 minutes or so. Add bacon and couscous prepared using broth according to package direction. Serve 2 drumsticks over 14 portion of couscous. Garnish with mixture of remaining syrup, mustard and toasted pecans., ingredients: [8 medium chicken drumsticks, frenched, 5 tablespoons maple syrup, divided, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 34 ground pecans, plus 14 cup toasted pecans, for garnish, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 cups chopped collards, 12 cup chopped yellow onion, 23 cup bacon bits, 1 13 cups couscous, 1 34 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard], title: Third Place: Pecan Chicken Sticks with Collard Couscous, picturelink: null}, 55413: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 3 tablespoons of butter in a 10inch ovenproof omelet pan over mediumlow heat. Add the potatoes and fry them until cooked through, turning often, about 10 to 15 minutes. Melt the remaining 5 tablespoons of butter in a small dish in the microwave.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs, then stir in the ricotta, Gruyere, melted butter, salt, pepper, and basil. Sprinkle on the flour and baking powder and stir into the egg mixture.nPour the egg mixture over the potatoes and place the pan in the center of the oven. Bake the frittata until it is browned and puffed, 50 minutes to 1 hour. It will be rounded and firm in the middle and a knife inserted in the frittata should come out clean. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, divided, 2 cups peeled and 12inch diced boiling potatoes 4 potatoes, 8 extralarge eggs, 15 ounces ricotta cheese, 34 pound Gruyere cheese, grated, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 13 cup flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder], title: Potato Basil Frittata, picturelink: lKxR2yhtzfidPptC0UxRgMsm.cuxAiu}, 55414: {instructions: Special equipment: twelve 12inch metal skewersnPrepare a grill or grill pan for mediumhigh heat.nStir together 12 cup of the ketchup, 2 tablespoons of the Worcestershire sauce, adobo sauce and half the lemon juice set aside.nGently mix together the ground beef, egg, breadcrumbs, onions, the remaining 2 tablespoons ketchup and 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Divide into 8 equal portions. Take 1 portion in the cup of your hand. Wrap and shape the meat around a skewer to form a 5inch log of even thickness, centered on the skewer. Repeat with the remaining 7 portions of meat. Refrigerate the kebabs to let them firm up a little, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the potatoes in a microwavesafe bowl, and cover tightly with plastic wrap make a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the potatoes are cooked through, about 7 minutes in an 1,100watt oven. Let the potatoes cool for a few minutes, then toss with the oil, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Thread them, cutsides facing out, on the remaining 4 skewers reserve the bowl.nCook the potatoes on the grill until you see grill marks and charring in places, about 2 minutes per side. Slide the potatoes off the skewers back into the bowl. Toss with the remaining lemon juice and the scallions. Add more oil if the potatoes look too dry.nBrush the 8 kebab skewers with oil, and place them on the grill. Cook for 2 minutes on one side, then flip. Brush some of the ketchup glaze on the grilled side. After 2 minutes, flip the skewers again. Continue brushing and flipping every minute or so until the meat is no longer pink inside and is cooked through, 4 to 6 minutes total. Divide the skewers and potato salad among 4 plates, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup plus 2 tablespoons ketchup, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce from chipotles in adobo, Juice of 1 large lemon, 1 pound ground beef chuck, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup seasoned Italian breadcrumbs, 12 medium onion, finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound baby red potatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced], title: Meatloaf Kebabs with Grilled Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 55415: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd all the ingredients to a glass filled with ice. Stir to combine and serve garnished with a lemon twist., ingredients: [1 12 ounces cognac, 1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 6 ounces Champagne, Ice cubes, Lemon twist, to garnish], title: French 75, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 55416: {instructions: Heat a grill or grill pan to medium.nCombine the EVOO, scallion whites, chile and lemon juice in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Add the shrimp and toss to coat. Wrap each shrimp with a slice of prosciutto and thread onto a skewer.nGrill the shrimp until firm and opaque, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a serving platter and garnish with the scallion greens and another squeeze of lemon juice., ingredients: [3 tablespoons EVOO, 4 scallions, white parts finely chopped and green parts thinly sliced on an angle, 1 Fresno chile, finely chopped, or 1 12 teaspoons ground red pepper, Juice of 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 jumbo shrimp, tails on and deveined, 16 thin slices prosciutto], title: Prosciutto Wrapped Chile Shrimp with Green Onions, picturelink: qoYhgewc8A2vZ2Fs9hi9XLLPtFL69S}, 55417: {instructions: Set up your grill and heat up your coals.nWhen coals are almost ready, toss mushrooms caps in oil and garlic. Set stand for a few minutes. Place mushroom slices onto grill. Cook for about 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine the ingredients for the Pico de Gallo. Season with salt and let stand for a few minutes.nSqueeze lime over the mushroom slices and then sprinkle with some salt. Flip and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes and squeeze more lime and salt over slices.nHeat tortillas on open section of grill while mushrooms finish up, about 1 to 2 minutes.nRemove tortillas from the grill. To assemble, place a few slices of the mushrooms on a tortilla, top with Pico de Gallo and sliced radishes, and serve immediately., ingredients: [Portobello mushroom caps, sliced 1 to 1 12 per person, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil enough to coat while tossing, Garlic powder, Lime, to squeeze over mushrooms while grilling, Salt, 1 white onion, chopped, 2 tomatoes, chopped, 2 jalapeno peppers, chopped, Salt, 2 flour tortillas, 4 radishes, thinly sliced], title: Portobello Tacos with Pico de Gallo, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 55418: {instructions: Brush peppers with oil, season with salt and pepper and grill. Grill sausage until cooked through., ingredients: [5 red bell peppers, quartered, seeded, 5 yellow bell peppers, quartered, seeded, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 pounds link hot Italian sausage, 3 pounds link sweet Italian sausage], title: Sausage and Peppers, picturelink: null}, 55419: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except orange peel twist in a shaker filled with ice. Shake and strain into martini glass. Garnish with orange peel twist., ingredients: [1 shot citrus vodka, 1 shot white cranberry juice, 1 shot passion fruit juice, 12 shot orange liqueur, 1 tablespoon cherry juice, Orange peel twist, for garnish], title: Passion Fruit Martinis, picturelink: VOAgCn3pG72c9wK5QeY1gR7ocN3fl5i}, 55420: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 wire racks 2 rimmed baking sheetsnAdjust 2 oven racks to the top and bottom third of an oven and preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Put the wire racks in the baking sheets and coat each generously with cooking spray.nCombine the flour, 12 teaspoon salt and cayenne in a large resealable plastic bag. Combine the eggs and 12 teaspoon salt in another large plastic bag combine the breadcrumbs and 12 teaspoon salt in a third large plastic bag.nAdd about half of the zucchini sticks to the bag with the flour and use a combination of your hands and shaking the bag to coat the zucchini. Remove the zucchini and shake off any excess flour. Transfer to the egg wash and repeat until coated. Its less messy if you use only one hand for the dry ingredients and the other for the wet. Let any excess egg drip off before transferring to the breadcrumb and repeat until fully coated youll still see some green and white of the zucchini peeking through the breading. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and coat the breaded zucchini generously with cooking spray theres no need to turn them. Repeat with the remaining zucchini.nBake, rotating the baking sheets from top to bottom about halfway through, until golden brown and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the Buffalo sauce: Combine the hot sauce, butter and vinegar in a small saucepan and heat over medium, stirring, until all of the butter has melted and the sauce is warm. Set aside and keep warm.nArrange the fries on a platter and drizzle them with the Buffalo sauce. Sprinkle the blue cheese and celery leaves over the top. Serve with celery and carrot sticks if desired., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 12 cups panko breadcrumbs see Cooks Note, 1 pound zucchini 2 to 3 small to medium zucchini, cut into 3 inchby14inch sticks, 12 cup hot sauce, such as Franks, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, 14 cup celery leaves, Celery and carrot sticks optional], title: Buffalo Zucchini Fries, picturelink: hL1PHxPQPRz7Ico7XFGCPJBCm8EKnM.}, 55421: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a saucepan with 13 cup honey and brown sugar, and a pinch of salt. Mix in 2 cups rolled oats, 1 cup each chopped nuts and dried fruit, and 2 tablespoons wheat germ. Press into a parchmentlined 8inchsquare pan and bake 30 minutes at 300 degrees F. Cool, then cut into bars., ingredients: [], title: Granola Bars, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 55422: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the stem end from the eggplants. Cut each eggplant in half lengthwise, and slice into halfinch thick moon slices. In a large mixing bowl, toss the eggplant with the kosher salt and let stand for about 15 to 20 minutes. Rinse and dry the eggplant well, and toss with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and a pinch of pepper. Heat a grill pan over high heat. When the grill pan is hot, cook the eggplant slices until nicely marked on both sides.nMeanwhile in a small mixing bowl whisk the sugar, and garlic into the vinegar, whisk in the chili paste and remaining olive oil. Add the herbs and check for seasoning with salt and pepper.nWhen the eggplant is marked nicely on both sides remove it from the pan and add it immediately to the marinade a shallow baking dish works nicely to ensure that all of the eggplant is coated in marinade. Let the eggplant cool to room temperature and serve, or refrigerate in a sealed container., ingredients: [2 eggplants, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chili paste, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped mint leaves, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pickled Grilled Eggplant, picturelink: Z12zJ0phLnua5Y9xXCJA3eCAcUeubG}, 55423: {instructions: Add the butter to a pot over medium heat and let it melt. Add the chicken and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden. Add the garlic and onions and stir to cook for a couple of minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the chicken and onion mixture. Stir to combine, then stir in the curry powder. Cook the mixture over medium heat for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Pour in the chicken broth. Stir to combine and cook for a minute to thicken. Add the halfandhalf, sugar and some salt and pepper and cook for another 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, peel and dice the apple. Add the apples to the pot and cook for another 5 minutes. Taste, adjust the seasonings and serve, ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 1 boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into small bitesized pieces, 3 cloves garlic, minced finely, 1 medium onion, diced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 heaping tablespoon curry powder, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups halfandhalf can also use milk or coconut milk, 1 heaping tablespoon brown sugar, or to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 Granny Smith apple], title: Mulligatawny, picturelink: null}, 55424: {instructions: Preheat grill. Wash red potatoes and pat dry. Slice potatoes into 14 thick disks. Toss them in 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl.nSpray the grill grates with the nonstick cooking spray and lay potato slices down. Grill 58 minutes per side. Meanwhile, in a small mixing bowl whisk together mustard, vinegar, oil salt and pepper to make a vinaigrette. Stir in rosemary and olives.nWhen potatoes are tender, transfer them back to the large mixing bowl and pour vinaigrette over them and toss well while still warm. The potatoes will absorb the vinaigrette., ingredients: [112 lbs. red potatoes, not small new potatoes, sliced 14 inch thick, 12 cup chopped kalamata olives, 1 Tbs. fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 34 cup olive oil, plus 2 Tbs., 34 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tsp. Dijon mustard, salt and pepper to taste, nonstick cooking spray], title: Grilled Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 55425: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the bottom and two long sides of a 9by5by3inch loaf pan with parchment, leaving a 2inch overhang on each long side, and lightly coat with cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, baking soda and salt together in a medium bowl. Whisk the bananas, sugar, yogurt, oil and vanilla together in another medium bowl. Gently fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients with a rubber spatula until the batter just comes together its OK if there are lumps. Transfer the batter to the prepared loaf pan and bake until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean, 55 to 60 minutes tent the loaf with foil if it is browning too quickly. Cool the loaf in the pan on a wire rack for 30 minutes, then lift it from the pan by the parchment overhangs and cool completely on the rack. Store the loaf in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 very ripe medium bananas, mashed about 1 14 cups, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup plain soy milk yogurt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Vegan Banana Bread, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 55426: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the breadcrumbs, salt, pepper and garlic powder. Stir in the beaten egg and parsley.nTo cut pockets into the pork chops, insert the point of a small sharp knife horizontally into the fatcovered edge. Move the knife back and forth to create a deep pocket about 1 12 inches wide.nFill the pocket of each chop with the breadcrumb mixture. Secure the openings with toothpicks.nPlace the flour in a shallow bowl. Dredge the stuffed chops lightly in the flour, shaking off the excess. Wipe out the skillet used previously for the stuffing and place it over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and, when hot, add the chops. Sear over medium heat until lightly browned, about 3 minutes per side.nPlace a rack in a roasting or baking pan and add water, being careful not to cover the rack with water. Place the chops on the rack and cover the roaster with the lid or aluminum foil. Bake the chops for 1 hour. Let rest, remove the toothpicks and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 12 cup breadcrumbs, Pinch salt, Pinch pepper, Pinch garlic powder, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 bonein pork chops, about 1 12inch thick, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: Xp5aYU5Bk6qUWRKF4rpcPcZsf3kJB2y}, 55427: {instructions: Mix 2 minced garlic cloves, 8 minced sage leaves, the zest of 1 lemon, 12 cup grated parmesan, 3 tablespoons each breadcrumbs and olive oil, and some salt and red pepper flakes. Pat onto thin wedges of acorn squash. Bake in a single layer at 450 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cloves of garlic, minced, 8 sage leaves, minced, 1 lemon zest, 12 cup parmesan, grated, 3 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons olive oil, salt, red pepper flakes], title: CheeseCrusted Squash, picturelink: null}, 55428: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium heat and preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush the apple slices with the vegetable oil. Lay the apples on the hot grill, and turn the slices over after achieving golden grill marks. Transfer the apple pieces to a baking dish.nMelt the butter, brown sugar and 2 teaspoons cinnamon in a pan over medium heat, stirring until the brown sugar has dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat. Pour the glaze over the apples and bake until the slices have softened, approximately 10 minutes.nIn a separate bowl, sprinkle the sugar and remaining cinnamon over the whipped cream. Gently fold the cream to combine the flavors.nArrange the grilled apples on a dessert plate and dress them with a dollop of the spiced whipped cream., ingredients: [4 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced 14inch thick, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 1 stick butter, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup whipping cream, whipped], title: Grilled Apples with Spiced Chantilly Cream, picturelink: null}, 55429: {instructions: Whisk together all the ingredients in a large baking dish. Freeze overnight until solid. Scrape with fork to serve., ingredients: [4 cups mango juice, room temperature, 2 cups water, 2 limes, juiced, 2inch piece peeled ginger, grated with microplane, 12 cup superfine sugar], title: Ginger Mango Granita, picturelink: f.ly5mhatKQ2c.kHmvJ9Mp49pHevO}, 55430: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two regularsize cupcake pans with 24 cupcake liners.nIn a large bowl, sift the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt together. Set the bowl aside.nIn an electric stand mixer bowl fitted with a paddle attachment, add the milk, vegetable oil, 1 cup cold water, pineapple, vanilla extract and eggs. Beat the wet ingredients together on medium speed for 2 minutes. Add the dry mixture into the bowl in three additions, scraping down the sides after each addition is mixed in. Pour half of the cooled Brown Sugar Sauce into the mixer bowl. Mix on low to medium speed until all the ingredients are mixed together the batter will look smooth.nFill each cupcake liner threequarters full with the batter. Bake on the center rack for the best results. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 25 to 32 minutes. Cool completely. The cupcakes will be golden.nTo assemble: Poke a hole in the center of each cupcake, fill with the Pineapple Filling. Frost the cooled, filled cupcakes with the Teriyaki Buttercream Frosting. Finish the cupcakes with the Caramelized Roasted Pig.nIn a medium saucepan, add the brown sugar, milk and butter. Heat on medium to high heat until the mixture bubbles and becomes thick enough to coat the back of a metal spoon, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour into a heatproof bowl. Let cool.nMix 12 cup cold water and the cornstarch in a small bowl with a fork. Puree the pineapple, brown sugar and the water mixture in a blender. Bring the mixture to a boil in a medium saucepan over medium to high heat. Stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture reduces down to a thick syrup. Remove from the heat and pour into a bowl. Cool the filling in the refrigerator. When cool, pour the filling into a squeeze sauce bottle.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on medium speed until smooth. Scrape down the sides. Add the egg yolks one at a time to the butter, mixing in between each addition. Mixing on low speed, add the powdered sugar to the bowl 1 cup at a time, until the sugar is fully incorporated. Scrape down the sides again. Add the teriyaki sauce, half of the brown sugar sauce and vanilla to the mix, beat on medium low, 2 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the brown sugar and stir until the sugar and butter melt together. Add the roasted pig, and stir until all the meat is coated with the mixture. Pour onto wax paper, and cool., ingredients: [5 14 cups cake flour, 4 cups sugar, 1 34 tablespoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups milk, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 12 cup pureed frozen pineapple, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 4 eggs, Brown Sugar Sauce, recipe follows, Pineapple Filling, recipe follows, Teriyaki Buttercream Frosting, recipe follows, Caramelized Roasted Pig, recipe follows, 4 cups brown sugar, 2 cups milk, 1 cup butter, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 cups frozen pineapple, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups unsalted butter, room temperature, 3 egg yolks, 8 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup teriyaki sauce, Brown Sugar Sauce, recipe above, 2 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 8 ounces roasted pig, chopped], title: Hot Lava, picturelink: gxI4qOgTnU1ZNxdt.znaCAFqsKqUxO}, 55431: {instructions: To make scallion oil: Chop enough scallions including greens to measure about 1 14 cups and in a blender puree with oil and salt and pepper to taste until smooth. Pour puree through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing hard on solids. Discard solids. Scallion oil may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring oil to room temperature before using.nIn a large saucepan cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1inch and simmer until just tender, about 7 minutes. In a colander drain potatoes and rinse under cold water to stop cooking. Pat potatoes dry. Potatoes may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Halve potatoes lengthwise. In a bowl, toss potatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nPeel and devein shrimp. Remove tough muscle from side of each scallop if necessary. Pat shellfish dry and in a bowl toss with remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Prepare grill.nGrill potatoes, cut sides down, on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 1 to 2 minutes on each side, or until lightly charred. Grill shrimp and scallops 2 minutes on each side, or until just cooked through and golden brown. Alternatively, saute potatoes and shellfish in a lightly oiled nonstick skillet in batches over moderately high heat.nSpoon salsa onto centers of 6 plates and mound mesclun on top. Arrange shellfish and potatoes around salsa. Drizzle shellfish and potatoes with some scallion oil.nFinely chop shallots and mince garlic. In a bowl toss shallots and garlic with coriander. Discard husks from tomatillos and rinse tomatillos under warm water to remove stickiness. Chop tomatillos and add to shallot mixture, tossing to combine.nPeel and pit avocados and cut into 34inch pieces. Add avocados to tomatillo mixture, gently tossing until just combined. Season with lime juice, salt, and pepper, to taste. Salsa may be made 4 hours ahead and chilled, its surface covered with plastic wrap.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [2 bunches scallions, blanched about 12 pound, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound fingerling potatoes or other small boiling, potatoes, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 pound large shrimp about 12, 34 pound sea scallops about 18, Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 2 large shallots, 3 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander, 10 medium tomatillos about 12 pound, 2 firmripe California avocados, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, or to taste], title: Grilled Shellfish and Potato Salad, picturelink: bQ6azSS0KpmOLUgnuI3iqyLf0IzF11m}, 55432: {instructions: In bowl put crabmeat, onions, scallions, pepper and jicama. Toss to combine. In another bowl, whisk together curry oil, mayonnaise, and creme fraiche. Add curry mixture to crab mixture, season with salt and black pepper.nIn skillet heat oil and curry powder slowly, stirring constantly until curry is fragrant without burning. Remove from heat and set aside to cool. Let curry settle overnight then pour off oil. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, cleaned, 14 cup red onion, finely diced, 14 cup scallion, finely chop, 14 cup red pepper, finely dice, 12 cup jicama, brunoised, 2 tablespoons curry oil, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 12 cup creme fraiche, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 cup canola oil, 14 cup curry powder], title: Curried Crab, picturelink: null}, 55433: {instructions: Put the garlic and olive in a small microwavesafe bowl, cover with plastic, and microwave on HIGH until the garlic is soft and aromatic, 1 to 2 minutes. Alternatively, heat the oil and garlic in a small saucepan over medium heat until the garlic is softened. Stir in the lime juice, cilantro leaves, and salt. Set aside until ready to serve.nPrepare an outdoor grill to medium high heat. Brush the fillets all over with olive oil and season generously with salt and pepper. Lay the fish on the grill, roundedside down, and leave it until you can lift the fish without it sticking to the grill and there are distinct grill marks, about 5 minutes. Test it by gently lifting a cornerif it sticks, cook it a bit longer and try again. Carefully turn the fish over and cook until firm to the touch, about another 5 minutes.nPlace a bed of greens on 2 plates. Divide the fish between the plates and brush with some of the mojo. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and serve with the sauce., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for brushing, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice about 2 limes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves plus 2 sprigs for garnish, Two 5 to 6ounce mahimahi fillets, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Mixed greens, for serving], title: Grilled MahiMahi with Mojo, picturelink: null}, 55434: {instructions: Mix together the sugar, cinnamon and ginger in a small bowl.nPosition an oven rack so that it sits 4 inches below the broiler. Preheat the oven to broil.nPut the grapefruit cutside up on a baking sheet. Divide the sugar mixture over the top of each and place under the broiler. Broil until lightly golden brown, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup lightly packed light brown muscovado sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 large pink grapefruits, halved and segmented], title: Brown SugarSpiced Grapefruit, picturelink: sKAht4H9ypsoWFHf9ZR..l..XlgmfO}, 55435: {instructions: Special equipment: 10inch skewers, soaked 30 minutesnPut the olive oil, garlic and chile flakes in a small skillet. Turn the heat to low and let the mixture heat for about 10 minutes the oil should just barely simmer around the garlic in the last few minutes. Remove from the heat and cool slightly. Transfer to a blender, add the 1 tablespoon oregano and some salt and pepper, and blend until the garlic and oregano are finely chopped. Set aside half of the chilegarlic oil for serving.nHeat the grill to high. Thread the shrimp onto skewers, about 4 or 5 shrimp per skewer, threading so that the skewers goes through the tail and thick end of each shrimp. Brush the shrimp with some of the chilegarlic oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until lightly golden brown on both sides and opaque, 1 to 1 12 minutes per side. Transfer the skewers to a platter and immediately drizzle with some of the reserved chilegarlic oil not the oil you used for brushing the raw shrimp. Garnish with oregano, and serve with more of the reserved oil., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon Calabrian chile flakes, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, plus for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound extralarge 16 to 20 per pound shrimp, shelled and deveined, tailon], title: Grilled Shrimp Skewers, picturelink: null}, 55436: {instructions: Bring meat and water to a boil and cook 10 minutes take meat out and cut up small put back in water with broth, bread crumbs, pepper, and saffron. Simmer 30 minutes over low flame, being careful that it does not stick. Mix in remaining ingredients cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes. Ladle into pewter serving bowls and serve warm.n This is a rather meatrich version it also works with as little as half this amount of meat.nOriginal Recipe for Potage from Meat:nTake lean meat and let it boil, then cut it up finely, and cook it again for 30 minutes in rich juice, having first added bread crumbs. Add a little pepper and saffron.nWhen it has cooled a little, add beaten eggs, grated cheese, parsley, marjoram, and finely chopped mint with a little vinegar. Blend them all together in a pot, stirring them slowly with a spoon so that they do not form a ball. The same may be done with livers and lungs.nThis is the entire original recipe like most early recipes it does not contain such details as quantities.nFrom Platina, DeHonesta Voluptate, Venice, L. DeAquila, 1475. Translated by E.B. Andrews, Mallinkrodt 1967. Published as part of the Mallinkrodt Collection of Food Classics. Reprinted by Falconwood Press, 1989., ingredients: [2 13 pound beef stew meat, 4 cups water, Rich juice: 31 ounces 3 cans concentrated beef broth, 1 12 cups dry bread crumbs, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 threads saffron, 5 eggs, 1 12 cups grated Parmesan or Romano, 38 cup chopped parsley, 34 teaspoon dried or 1 teaspoon fresh marjoram, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 3 tablespoons wine vinegar, Salt], title: Potage from Meat, picturelink: null}, 55437: {instructions: In a heavy skillet or wok over high flame, heat the butter until nearly smoking. Add the ginger and onion and cook for 1 minute. Add the romaine and stir until just seared and wilted. Toss in turmeric and cucumber. Remove from heat when cucumber is just warm. Season with sea salt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 12 cup diced yellow onion, 1 head romaine lettuce, chopped, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and cubed, Sea salt], title: Seared Romaine and Cucumber, picturelink: null}, 55438: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the stuffing, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil and the butter in a large 12inch saute pan. Add the onions and fennel with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook over low to mediumlow heat for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onions and fennel are tender and lightly browned. Add the garlic and thyme and cook for 1 more minute. Add the Pernod and cook for another minute, deglazing the pan. Cool slightly.nAdd the bread crumbs and 1 teaspoon of salt to the stuffing mixture. Lay the pork on a board fat side down, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spread the stuffing evenly on the pork and roll up lengthwise, ending with the fat on the top of the roll. Tie with kitchen string, rub with olive oil, and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper.nPlace the rolled pork loin on a baking rack on a sheet pan and roast for 30 minutes. Lower the heat to 350 degrees F and roast for another 20 to 30 minutes, until the interior of the pork is 137 degrees F. If the thermometer hits stuffing rather than pork, it will register a higher temperature, so test the meat in several places. Remove from the oven and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow to rest for 15 minutes. Remove the strings, slice thickly, and serve., ingredients: [Good olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups sliced yellow onions 2 onions, 2 cups sliced fennel 1 large bulb, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons minced garlic 2 large cloves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon Pernod or white wine, 3 cups fresh bread crumbs, 1 3 12pound loin of pork, butterflied], title: Loin of Pork with Fennel, picturelink: FVLSmI5KqBxNtLefTGJUEI927mRtOU2}, 55439: {instructions: To make the crust: Combine flour and salt in a large bowl. Add butter and shortening pieces and mix until the pastry clumps together the size of hazelnuts. Add the water a little at a time until the mixture just holds together. Do not overmix. Remove dough to a floured board. Shape the mass into a disk, wrap with plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the filling: Combine all ingredients except the butter in a large bowl. Transfer mixture to a 9 by 2 inch deep dish pie pan. Dot with the butter. Roll the dough out to 1inch larger than the baking dish. Top berries in casserole with the dough. Flute the edges of the dough and cut several slits in the dough to allow steam to escape. Brush with the eggwash.nBake the pie on a parchment covered sheet pan for 10 minutes, lower the heat to 375 degrees and cook and additional 40 to 50 minutes, or until crust is browned. Let cool slightly, serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [10 ounces allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 11 tablespoons cold unsalted butter cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening cut into 1inch pieces, 4 tablespoons ice water, if needed, 8 cups 4 pints blueberries, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons blueberry vinegar, 5 tablespoons quick tapioca, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 1 egg beaten for eggwash], title: Deep Dish Blueberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 55440: {instructions: Prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the steak with salt and pepper. Grill the steak about 3 minutes each side. Allow to rest for 5 minutes, then slice.nHeat the oil in a skillet set over medium heat. Add the bell peppers, onions and some salt and pepper, then the cumin, oregano, chili powder and garlic powder. Stir together and saute until the onion and peppers soften, about 5 minutes.nSpread a small amount of beans on each tortilla. Add slices of grilled steak and some onions and peppers, then sprinkle over some cheese. Fold over the ends of each tortilla and roll up. Lay the rolled tortillas in a pan. Pour over the red and green enchilada sauces and sprinkle over a little extra cheese.nBake until the cheese is melted and the dish is bubbly, about 20 minutes. Serve immediately with a dollop of sour cream, some pico de gallo and some cilantro leaves to garnish., ingredients: [2 pounds skirt steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red bell peppers, sliced, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, One 28ounce can refried beans, 12 burritosize tortillas, 34 cup grated Cheddar, plus more for topping, One 10ounce can red enchilada sauce, One 10ounce can green enchilada sauce, Serving suggestions: sour cream, pico de gallo and fresh cilantro leaves], title: Steak and Bean Burritos, picturelink: LNuCjqv8Ufu7zlmvg8X0FnZyUA1WOzy}, 55441: {instructions: In a large, deep saute pan, heat olive oil over high heat and add carrots, celery, onions, and pancetta and cook, stirring, until vegetables are lightly browned, about 6 minutes. Add the beef and cook another 2 minutes. Add pork and cook until meat is lightly browned, about 5 minutes.nWhisk together the tomato paste and 1 cup of the broth, and add it to meat. Place pan over low heat so that sauce just barely simmers. When broth has evaporated, add another cup. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally and adding a cup of broth when stew becomes dry, until all the broth has been added, about 3 hours.nAdd milk and butter, and continue to simmer very gently until milk has reduced and sauce is very thick, about 2 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, and serve over tagliatelle or pappardelle with ParmigianoReggiano.nPut all the ingredients in a pot and cover with water. Cook on low it should boil after about 1 hour. Lower the heat to a low boil. Cook 3 more hours after it has started to boil. Pour the broth through a sieve and refrigerate. The next morning, take off all the fat. You should be left with about 2 quarts of broth. The meat can be served as a bollito with salsa verde., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium carrots, peeled and finely chopped, 2 stalks celery, finely chopped, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 12 pound pancetta, minced, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 pound ground pork butt, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 8 cups homemade or lowsodium beef broth, recipe follows, 38 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, Cooked tagliatelle or pappardelle, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, as needed, 1 large beef joint bone, 1 pound beef shank, 1 pound beef short ribs, 1 pound beef brisket, 2 medium onions, halved, 2 medium carrots, each cut into 8 pieces, 2 stalks celery, each cut into 4 pieces, 2 pinches salt], title: Ragu Alla Bolognese, picturelink: null}, 55442: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 pastry bags fitted with a 12inch round tip or 2 resealable plastic bagsnFor the cakes: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Split the vanilla bean lengthwise with a paring knife, and scrape down the length with the back of the knife to remove the seeds. Add the seeds, granulated and brown sugars, butter and shortening to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and beat on mediumhigh speed until the mixture looks pale and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition, and beat for 3 minutes, scraping down the side of the bowl with a rubber spatula halfway through. Add the peppermint extract and food coloring to the milk, reduce the mixer speed to low and add the milk to the sugaregg mixture it may appear curdled, but thats OK. Mix until combined, then slowly add the flour mixture, continuing to mix, without overmixing, until the batter is smooth and uniform. Scrape the bowl with a rubber spatula into a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch round tip or a resealable plastic bag with a corner snipped off to make a 12inch opening.nPipe roundedtablespoonsized mounds of the dough about 2 inches apart onto the prepared baking sheets. Bake until the cakes are set and springy when gently touched, about 10 minutes. Let the cakes cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then gently transfer them to a wire rack with a spatula to cool completely.nFor the filling: Beat the cream cheese and butter on mediumhigh speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Slowly add the confectioners sugar, and beat until the mixture is smooth and light. Add the bourbon, and beat for 1 minute more the filling will be very soft.nFor the mint sugar: Put the granulated sugar and mint in a food processor or mini processor, and process until the mint is finely chopped and the sugar is green.nTo assemble: Pipe or spoon the filling onto the flat side of half the cakes, leaving a small border. Place another cake, flatside down, on top of each iced cake to create sandwiches, and gently press in place. Roll the edge with exposed filling of each whoopie pie in mint sugar. Refrigerate them in a single layer until the filling is set, about 30 minutes. Whoopie pies can be made the day before, refrigerated in an airtight container in a single layer and served the next day., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 vanilla bean, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon pure peppermint extract, 3 drops green food coloring, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons milk, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon packed fresh mint leaves], title: Mint Julep Whoopie Pies, picturelink: 9ARmLQBHuHCpkr8ZSd1IaYRhjUy5ZJy}, 55443: {instructions: Wash the beans thoroughly in cold water, discarding any stones or rotten beans.nPlace the beans in a wide, short saucepot rondeau, and cover with water by 2 inches. Cook for 30 minutes, and then, add the tomatoes, onions, jalapeno, garlic, bay leaves, oregano, and beer. Cook until the beans are tender, about another 30 minutes.nWith a potato masher, crush the beans, to thicken the bean liquid. Adjust the seasonings with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound dried pinto beans, 2 whole tomatoes, roughly chopped, 12 white onion, diced, 1 pickled jalapeno, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 tablespoon dried Mexican oregano, 12 ounces dark beer, 2 quarts water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Frijoles Borrachos: Drunken Beans, picturelink: null}, 55444: {instructions: Mix together the zucchini, potato and onion. Whisk the eggs together and add to the vegetablepotato mixture. Mix together the flour, bread crumbs, pepper, garlic powder and salt and combine with the eggvegetable mixture. Heat large nonstick frying pan with 3 tablespoons vegetable oil. Drop batter by spoonfuls into hot oil and fry until crisp, turning to fry on the other side. Add small amounts of oil as needed when frying. Turn out on towel paper to drain. Serve quickly, best while hot., ingredients: [4 cups zucchini, grated, 1 medium white potato, grated, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 eggs, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons seasoned bread crumbs, Pepper, to taste, Garlic powder, to taste, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Zucchini Latkes, picturelink: null}, 55445: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nBring a large stockpot of water to a boil. Add a pinch of salt and asparagus. Blanch until asparagus is bright green and tender, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and set aside. Season well with salt and pepper.nBreak eggs into a bowl, and lightly beat with a whisk or fork. Season with salt and pepper. Add 12 of the chopped mint and a heaping tablespoon of Parmesan. Stir to combine.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat in each of 2 10inch ovenproof nonstick skillets. Note: This recipe can also be prepared in 1 12inch nonstick skillet follow the cooking instructions for Ricotta and Herb Frittata. Rotate the skillets to coat all sides with olive oil. Divide the egg mixture equally among the skillets, and reduce heat to low. Cook, loosening the eggs at the sides from time to time with a rubber spatula. The eggs will be slightly runny.nAdd 4 asparagus spears to each skillet in a fan pattern. Divide the remaining Parmesan, and sprinkle over eggs and asparagus. Transfer to the preheated 500 degree F oven, and bake until just set, about 30 seconds. Using a rubber spatula, loosen the frittata from the pan, and transfer to a warm plate. Garnish with the remaining chopped mint. Serve in wedges., ingredients: [1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves picked and finely chopped, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Coarse sea salt, 8 thin asparagus spears, tough ends trimmed, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 large eggs], title: Asparagus and Mint Frittata, picturelink: null}, 55446: {instructions: In a large fish poacher over medium heat, combine wine, celery, celery leaves, carrots, peppercorns, and bay leaves. Place salmon over vegetables, and add enough water to cover. Bring to a simmer, and cook until just done still pink inside, about 15 minutes. Remove salmon from poacher allow to cool. Using your hands, flake salmon into small pieces and place into a large bowl. Place cellophane noodles in a medium bowl. Pour over enough hot water to cover. Let sit until soft, about 7 minutes. Heat 4 tablespoons butter and canola oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add leeks, and saute until soft, about 4 minutes. Transfer to bowl with salmon. Add dill, salt, and pepper. Heat remaining 6 tablespoons butter in same saute pan over medium heat. Add mushrooms, and saute over high heat until dark brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain noodles, chop finely, and add to the salmon mixture. Stir in hardboiled eggs, salt, pepper, cayenne, and lemon juice. Mix well to combine, and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate until ready to use. Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a baking sheet. Set aside. To assemble the coulibiac, roll out the puff pastry on a lightly floured surface to 18inch thick, 20 by 24inches. Using a sharp knife, divide pastry into a 9 by 24inch rectangle and an 11 by 24inch rectangle. Place the small rectangle on the prepared baking sheet. Mound salmon filling on the rectangle, leaving a 34inch border. Brush the pastry border with ice water, and cover with larger top pastry rectangle. Trim corners, fold bottom pastry over, and press tightly to seal. Gather the scraps. Roll again, and cut into decorative shapes. Brush with ice water, and attach to coulibiac as desired. In a small bowl, whisk together egg yolks and cream. Brush the surface of the coulibiac with eggyolk mixture. The coulibiac can be refrigerated at this point up to 3 or 4 hours. Using a small paring knife, cut a circle, about 12inch in diameter, out of the top center of the coulibiac to allow steam to escape. Bake until puffed and golden brown, about 30 minutes. Let cool slightly before slicing into serving pieces. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan over low heat, melt 8 tablespoons butter. Remove from heat, and add 2 tablespoons lemon juice. Spoon over sliced coulibiac as desired.nStep 1. In the bowl of a food processor or using the flat paddle of an electric mixer, mix 12 cup flour with butter until very smooth. Shape the mixture into a flat square 1 inch thick, wrap well in plastic, and chill for at least 30 minutes. Step 2. Combine salt with the remaining flour in a large mixing bowl, and add cream or cream and water. Mix the dough well by hand or with an electric mixer the dough will not be completely smooth but it should not be sticky. Shape it into a flat square 1 12 inches thick, wrap in plastic, and chill, at least 30 minutes. Step 3. Remove the flour dough from the refrigerator. On a lightly floured board, roll the dough into a rectangle twice as long as the butter dough. Place the butter dough in the center, fold up the ends to completely encase the butter dough, and seal the edges by pinching them together. Wrap well in plastic, and chill for at least 30 minutes, so that the dough achieves the same temperature throughout. Step 4. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and, on a lightly floured board, roll it out into a large rectangle approximately 12 inch thick. Fold the dough into thirds, aligning the edges carefully and brushing off any excess flour. The object is to ensure that the butter is distributed evenly throughout, so that the pastry will puff evenly when baked. Wrap the dough, and chill it for at least 30 minutes. This completes 1 turn. Step 4 should be repeated 5 more times classic puff pastry gets 6 turns, creating hundreds of layers of butter between layers of the flour dough 729 to be exact. Use as little flour as possible when rolling out the dough, and always brush of any excess. Remember to let the dough rest for at least 30 minutes in the refrigerator between turns, or 15 minutes in the freezer. This chilling makes the rolling out much easier, and it keeps the layers of butter of equal thickness. By the 6th and final turn, the dough should be very smooth, with no lumps of butter visible. Wrap the pastry in plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to use up to 2 days, or freeze for future use.nYield: approximately 2 pounds, ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 2 celery stalks, cut into 1inch lengths, 2 cups celery leaves, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch lengths, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 4 to 5 bay leaves, preferably fresh, 1 4 pound salmon fillet, boned and skinned, 1 4ounce package Japanese cellophane noodles, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 8 tablespoons, melted, for serving, and more for buttering pan, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 4 leeks, cleaned and thinly sliced, white parts only, 12 cup chopped fresh dill, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces mushrooms, sliced, such as shiitake or white button, 2 hardboiled eggs, coarsely chopped, Cayenne pepper, to taste, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, plus 2 tablespoons, for serving, 2 pounds Puff Pastry, chilled, recipe follows, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 pound allpurpose flour, accurately weighed, 1 pound 4 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup heavy cream or 12 cup heavy cream mixed with 12 cup ice water], title: Coulibiac with Ariadne, picturelink: null}, 55447: {instructions: Put the stock in a saucepan and sprinkle over the gelatin. Let sit 5 minutes to soften. Gently heat, stirring to dissolve. Remove from the heat and stir in the Cognac. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Cool. Pour the thinnest layer in the bottom of each of 4 ramekins. Refrigerate until sticky, but not completely set. Keep the remaining consomme mixture out.nWhile you wait for the ramekins to set, put the eggs in a pot and pour in cold water to cover. Bring to a boil, uncovered. Turn off the heat, cover and set aside 8 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water until cool. Peel and halve lengthwise.nWhen the stock in the ramekins is more or less set, decoratively lay the tarragon leaves on top with their best side facing down. Set an egg half, yolkside against the tarragon, on top in each. Pour over the remaining stock. Refrigerate until fully set.nTurn the jelled eggs out onto plates and serve with a bit of rocket and buttered toast triangles.nStir together the beef, celery, carrot, leek, tomatoes, parsley, and egg whites in a large bowl. Pour the beef stock into a pot, season with salt and pepper, and whisk in the vegetable mixture. Heat, whisking slowly, until frothy, about 10 minutes. As soon as the stock reaches a simmer, stop stirring. In a few minutes, the white mixture will have formed a firm, nastylooking raft on the surface. Make a vent in the raft large enough to get a small ladle through, and continue simmering 30 minutes.nLine a strainer with cheesecloth and set over a bowl. Leaving the raft behind, ladle in the clarified consomme through the hole in the raft and let it strain through. Serve piping hot, with or without garnish., ingredients: [1 to 1 12 cups375 ml homemade beef consomme, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon unflavored gelatine, 1 tablespoon Cognac, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 8 fresh tarragon leaves, 1 pound500 g ground beef, 1 celery stalk, diced, 1 carrot, diced, Green of 1 leek, diced, and rinsed, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 3 egg whites, Handful fresh parsley, leaves chopped, 6 cups1.5 liter fatfree homemade beef stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jellied Eggs with Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 55448: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the EVOO in a saucepot and add the butter. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes and crush them up a bit. Add the passata, a fat handful of torn basil leaves, the onion and some salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and simmer for 40 to 45 minutes. Remove the onion and set the sauce aside.nSeparate the spinach while adding it to a mixing bowl. Add half of the mozzarella, the ricotta, 1 12 cups of the ParmigianoReggiano and the eggs yolks and mix to combine. Season with grated nutmeg, salt and pepper.nLayer a little sauce into a lasagna pan and top with three flat lasagna sheets or four curly. Top with a little more sauce, and then half of the spinach and cheese mixture. Repeat with another layer, and end on top with lasagna sheets. Top with some sauce and the remaining mozzarella and ParmigianoReggiano.nThe lasagna can be stored before or after baking for a makeahead meal, or baked to serve immediately. When baking the first time, bake at 375 degrees F, uncovered, from room temperature until cooked through and brown and bubbling on top, 60 to 70 minutes. If reheating, bake at 375 degrees F, covered, for 40 to 45 minutes.nLet the lasagna rest 20 minutes before cutting. Serve with extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Two 28ounce cans San Marzano tomatoes, 2 cups passata or tomato sauce, A handful of fresh basil leaves, torn, 1 small onion, peeled and halved, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 boxes or bags frozen chopped organic spinach, defrosted and wrung dry, 1 12 pounds mozzarella, thinly sliced, thickly shredded or diced, 3 cups fresh ricotta cow or sheeps milk, drained, 2 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano cows milk or pecorino tangy sheeps milk, 2 egg yolks, lightly beaten, Freshly grated nutmeg, as needed, 1 box noboil flat lasagna noodles, such as Barilla, or 12 curly regular dried lasagna noodles], title: Spinach Lasagna, picturelink: 21eMetWcAK663x5kwwXYjbj4ISltxei}, 55449: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread almonds on a small baking sheet. Bake until golden brown and fragrant, about 8 minutes. Let stand until cool. Very coarsely chop set aside.nPreheat broiler. Arrange bread on baking sheet. Brush lightly with oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Broil until just beginning to brown on the edges, about 1 minute per side. Remove from broiler set aside.nPrepare an ice water bath set aside. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add fava beans and blanch for 2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to ice bath until cool. Pop out of skin.nIn a medium bowl, combine olive oil, lemon juice, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add almonds, fava beans, cheese, and mint. Stir to combine. Taste and adjust for seasoning.nPlace a pile of fennel on plate, top with 14 of the fava salad. Serve with 3 slices of toast., ingredients: [12 cup whole almonds, 12 13inch thick slices French bread, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for toast, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 pounds fresh fava beans, shelled, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 ounces Parmesan, cut into small chunks 12 cup, 2 tablespoons finely shredded fresh mint leaves, 1 small head fennel, very thinly sliced, then coarsely chopped], title: Fennel, Fava Bean and Parmesan Salad, picturelink: null}, 55450: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMuddle together the sugar, bitters and orange zest in the bottom of an old fashioned glass. Pour over the whiskey and add the cherry, if using. Top with some Orange Swirl Ice Cubes., ingredients: [12 teaspoon granulated sugar, 2 dashes bitters, such as Angostura, 1 strip orange zest, 2 ounces whiskey, 1 brandied cherry, optional, Orange Swirl Ice Cubes See Cooks Note], title: Old Fashioned, picturelink: yzoGFtss7LumqiPKJu3Uc2iIYWSzT2}, 55451: {instructions: Combine the sugar and 2 cups water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 4 minutes transfer to a blender and let cool completely.nAdd the mint to the blender and puree until smooth. Strain through a finemesh sieve into an 8inchsquare stainlesssteel or glass baking dish. Finely grate the skin of the apple into the pan you wont need the rest of the apple, then stir in the lime juice.nFreeze until ice crystals begin forming around the edges, about 45 minutes. Use a fork to scrape the crystals toward the center of the pan, then continue freezing, scraping every 30 minutes, until frozen, about 4 hours.nAvoid aluminum pansthey can react with the acidic ingredients and produce a metallic taste. Use stainless steel or glass instead.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 1 cup packed fresh mint, 1 large Granny Smith apple, Juice of 2 limes], title: Green AppleMint Granita, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 55452: {instructions: Cut salmon into fine strips and chill until serving time. Mix spinach with half of chives and all of mayonnaise and white wine vinegar season to taste with salt and pepper.nChill dinner plates. Arrange spinach on the plate and arrange salmon in the center and over the spinach garnish salmon with remaining chives, cucumber curls and serve with croutes., ingredients: [6 ounces smoked salmon, chilled, 6 ounces fresh spinach, stemmed and washed, dried, 1 large bunches of fresh chives, snipped finely, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 to 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 kirby cucumber, peeled and cut with vegetable peeler lengthwise into long thin strips, 6 slices high quality country French bread, cut on bias and grilled or broiled], title: Spinach Salad with Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 55453: {instructions: Stir together 3 cups low fat yogurt, 1 cup mayo, 12 cup peach jam, 1 tsp orange juice, 12 tsp curry powder and 12 tsp pepper in a skull size bowl or scoopedout head of lettuce. Refrigerate.nAssemble skeleton., ingredients: [3 cups low fat yogurt, 1 cup mayo, 12 cup peach jam, 1 tsp orange juice, 12 tsp curry powder, 12 tsp pepper, 2 cherry tomatoes, 1 zucchini sliced in half lengthwise and cut into 12 inch slices, 2 mushrooms, 1 radish, 1 yellow squash sliced in half lengthwise and cut into 12 inch slices, 4 green beans, 6 ribs celery cut in half lengthwise and into 4 inch pieces., 1 cucumber sliced into wedges, 2 yellow beans, 1 carrot cut into sticks, 10 baby carrot fingers, 1 red pepper cut into2 inch thick strips, 1 yellow pepper cut into 2 inch thick strips, 2 broccoli florets, 2 cauliflower florets, 10 snow peas], title: Skeleton Crudite, picturelink: null}, 55454: {instructions: Chill a martini glass in the freezer. Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the pineapple juice, vodka, orange liqueur, and lime juice. Cover and shake vigorously, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready.nScatter some turbinado sugar onto a small plate, wet the rim of the glass and dip into sugar. Strain the drink into the chilled glass. Skewer the pineapple and cherry and drop into the cocktail. Cheers., ingredients: [1 12 ounces pineapple juice, 1ounce vodka, 1ounce orange liqueur, recommended: Cointreau, 12ounce freshly squeezed lime juice, Turbinado sugar, for the rim optional, Fresh wedges of pineapple, Maraschino cherry], title: Pineapple Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 55455: {instructions: Shrimp are normally an ingredient in paella and so is chorizo but I left the chicken and several other ingredients out to simplify it for you.nIn a large saute pan heat chorizo over medium heat until fat is rendered, about 3 minutes. Add garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant. Add tomato, chicken broth, and saffron bring to a simmer. Season generously with salt and pepper. Add rice and frozen peas stir to combine. Cover and bring up to a simmer. Let cook for about 2 minutes. Season shrimp with salt and pepper and lay on top of rice mixture. Cover and continue to cook until shrimp are just done, about 4 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper, if necessary, and serve., ingredients: [1 7ounce link Spanish chorizo, cut in half horizontally and sliced into half moons, 2 tablespoons Amore garlic paste, or 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 large tomato, diced, 1 14ounce can lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon saffron, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 8.8ounce packages Uncle Bens Original LongGrain Ready Rice, 1 cup frozen peas, 1 14 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Shrimp Paella with Chorizo, picturelink: null}, 55456: {instructions: Special equipment: a Belgianwaffle iron a deep pot or deep fryernFor the wings: Whisk together the buttermilk, salt, chili powder, black pepper, thyme and cayenne in a large bowl. Add the wings and refrigerate for 6 hours.nFor the ham hock gravy: Combine the ham hocks and 2 quarts water in a large pot, bring to a simmer and cook for 3 hours. Add the celery, carrot and onion and simmer for 1 more hour.nStrain the stock and keep the ham hocks. Pick the meat off the ham hocks and reserve for the gravy.nReturn the stock to the pot, bring to a boil and cook until reduced to 1 quart, about 30 minutes.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour to make a roux. Cook the roux, stirring, until it gets a nice nutty brown color, about 5 minutes.nSlowly whisk the reduced stock into the roux to avoid lumps. Bring to a simmer, reduce the heat and simmer, stirring regularly, for 5 minutes. Add the ham hock meat and heavy cream, season with salt and pepper and continue to simmer for 15 minutes more.nFor the waffle batter: Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt in a large bowl.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, eggs and melted butter.nAdd the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and whisk to combine. Some lumps in the batter are acceptable but not too many.nPreheat a Belgianwaffle iron and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Spoon 14 to 12 cup of the batter into the center of the waffle iron depending on the size of the waffle iron and close. Cook until the waffle is golden brown, 3 to 6 minutes, depending on the iron. Repeat with the remaining batter.nFor the wing breading: Preheat the oil to 325 degrees F in a deep pot or deep fryer. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Combine the flour, salt and pepper in a shallow bowl or plate.nWorking with 3 to 4 wings at a time, dredge the wings in the flour and fry until the thickest part of the wing reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 10 minutes. As the wings are cooked, transfer them to a rimmed baking sheet and keep warm in the oven.nTo plate: Place a hot waffle on each of 6 plates. Stack 3 wings on top of each. Divide the gravy among the plates and garnish with the chopped scallions., ingredients: [1 gallon buttermilk, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 18 whole chicken wings, , 3 smoked ham hocks, 2 ribs celery, roughly chopped, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 7 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup heavy cream, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 cups milk, 4 large eggs, 11 tablespoons 23 cup unsalted butter, melted, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 gallon vegetable oil, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped scallions], title: Waffle and Wings, picturelink: null}, 55457: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Grease a 9inch square or round baking pan. Set aside. Place the dried fruit in a small bowl and pour the boiling water over. Cover and set aside.nPlace the cottage cheese, sugar, buttermilk, 4 tablespoons melted butter, and vanilla in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the metal blade and process until smooth. Add the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt to the workbowl and pulse until the dough clumps like a biscuit dough, 8 to 10 pulses. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface and knead gently, folding the dough over and pushing it away from you 4 to 5 times, until the dough is smooth. Do not overwork the dough. Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough to make a 12 by 15inch rectangle. Brush the entire surface with the 2 tablespoons melted butter, leaving a 12inch border around all the edges.nTo make the filling, combine the sugars, cinnamon, allspice and cloves in a medium bowl and sprinkle over the surface of the dough. Pat to press the sugar into the surface. Drain the dried fruit and pat dry with a paper towel. Distribute the fruit over the sugar mixture.nStarting at the long edge, roll up the dough jellyroll fashion. Pinch the seam to seal, leaving the ends open. With a sharp knife, cut the roll into 12 equal pieces. Set the rolls cut side up, showing the spiral design, in the baking pan.nPlace immediately on the center rack of the oven and bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until golden brown and firm to the touch. Remove the pan from the oven and run a metal spatula around the edges of the rolls. Lift the rolls out of the pan one at a time, and place them right side up on a wire rack positioned over a plate or a piece of waxed paper.nTo glaze, place the ingredients for the icing in a small bowl or 2cup liquid measuring cup the spout makes pouring easy. Using a small wire whisk, beat until smooth and thick, pourable consistency. Adjust the consistency with additional drops of buttermilk. Drizzle the icing in a zigzag pattern over each roll. Let the rolls stand for at least 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [34 cup dried cherries, blueberries, cranberries, golden raisins, or chopped prunes, Boiling water to cover, 34 cup cottage cheese, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup cultured buttermilk, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons for brushing, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 14 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 23 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 3 to 4 teaspoons cold cultured buttermilk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: The Fastest Cinnamon Rolls, picturelink: null}, 55458: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large serving bowl. Add the butter and parsley and toss until coated. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSauce: In a large skillet or saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds until aromatic. Add the wine and simmer until the liquid has reduced by half, about 2 minutes. Stir in the broth, red pepper flakes, clams and mussels. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Cover the pan with a tightfitting lid and cook until all the shellfish have opened, about 5 to 8 minutes. Discard any unopened shellfish.nUsing tongs, remove the shellfish from the pan and reserve. Season the cooking liquid with 2 teaspoons of salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Pour the shellfish cooking liquid over the pasta and toss well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the reserved shellfish on top of the pasta and serve., ingredients: [1 pound linguine pasta, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large or 4 small shallots, sliced, Kosher salt, for seasoning, plus 2 teaspoons, Freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, plus 1 teaspoon, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup white wine recommended: Pinot Grigio, 1 cup vegetable broth, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 littleneck clams, cleaned, 12 mussels, cleaned], title: Spicy Linguine with Clams and Mussels, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 55459: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry bag fitted with a star tipnCombine the mascarpone, heavy cream, sugar, vanilla extract and vanilla seeds in the bowl of a stand mixer and whip until soft peaks form. Using a rubber spatula, scrape the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a star tip.nStand the strawberries upright on a platter. If the bottoms are too wobbly to stand, slice off the green stems. With a small sharp knife, cut an X in each strawberry, cutting almost to the bottom. The cut should be such that the strawberry will open up but not fall apart. With your fingertips, gently spread each strawberry apart to make petals.nWith a spoon, carefully fill each strawberry with a dollop of cream. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup mascarpone cheese, 12 cup heavy cream, very cold, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 16 large fresh strawberries], title: Strawberries Filled with Clotted Cream, picturelink: null}, 55460: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 8inch wooden skewers deepfry thermometernWhisk together 12 cup of the buttermilk, the hot sauce and 1 12 teaspoons salt in a large mixing bowl. Add the chicken tenders and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight.nFor the corn dog batter, cut the corn away from the cob and transfer to a blender. Use the back of a knife to scrape the milk off the cob and add to the blender. Add the remaining buttermilk, the honey and 1 teaspoon salt and blend until completely smooth. With the blender off, add 1 14 cups of the flour, the cornmeal and baking powder. Use a wooden spoon or rubber spatula to lightly stir the dry ingredients into the corn mixture until just combined. Blend until the mixture is mostly smooth a few lumps is fine.nFill a large Dutch oven or pot halfway with oil and heat to 350 degrees F over medium heat.nWhile the oil heats up, remove the chicken tenders from the buttermilk mixture onto a baking sheet lined with several layers of paper towels. Pat the chicken dry with additional paper towels. Use a pair of kitchen shears to cut off the pointed end of each skewer. Carefully insert 1 skewer about threequarters of the way through each chicken tender. Set aside.nPour the remaining 12 cup flour onto a plate. Lightly season with salt. Working with one chicken tender at a time, dredge in the seasoned flour and then carefully dip into the batter which is still in the blender, submerging completely. Tip the blender as needed to make it easier to cover the chicken with batter. Carefully place the battered chicken in the oil and fry until the chicken is cooked through and the outside is golden brown, about 5 minutes, turning occasionally. Do not fry more than 3 chicken tenders at a time or they will to stick to each other. Transfer the fried corn dogs to a papertowellined plate to absorb any excess oil. Season liberally with salt. Dredge, batter and fry the remaining chicken. Allow the corn dogs to sit for at least 5 minutes before eating.nServe with hot sauce, ketchup, honey mustard or yellow mustard., ingredients: [1 12 cups buttermilk, 13 cup hot sauce, Kosher salt, 8 chicken tenders about 1 pound, 1 ear of corn, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup coarse yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Vegetable oil, for frying, Hot sauce, ketchup, honey mustard or yellow mustard, for serving], title: Fried Chicken Corn Dogs, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 55461: {instructions: 8 oz. pomegranate juice to soften the sweetness of the liquor and the pineapplenCombine all ingredients and chill well. Float four orange slices in punch bowl as a garnish. Serve over ice., ingredients: [6 oz. Malibu Mango Rum, 6 oz. Malibu Coconut Rum, 8 oz. pineapple juice], title: Caribbean Cruise Punch, picturelink: null}, 55462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the short ribs, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large enameled cast iron casserole. Season the ribs with salt and pepper. Add half of the short ribs to the casserole and cook over moderately high heat until browned, about 6 minutes. Transfer the ribs to a plate. Repeat with the remaining oil and ribs.nAdd the celery, carrot and onion to the casserole and cook over moderate heat until softened, about 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until glossy, about 2 minutes. Add the thyme sprigs, anchovies, bay leaf and garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the stock, wine and vinegar and bring to a boil. Return the short ribs to the casserole, then cover and braise at 325 degrees F for 1 hour. Drop heat to 225 degrees F and cook for 4 more hours or until meat is tender. Remove ribs and strain liquid. Pour liquid back over ribs and let cool overnight in the refrigerator.nFor the salad, place all ingredients in nonreactive mixing bowl and toss together.nTo serve, skim fat off liquid and reheat ribs in their juice. Remove from pan and reduce liquid by half. Top ribs with liquid and orange salad., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 6 pounds meaty beef short ribs on the bone, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 celery ribs, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, coarsely chopped, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 12 cup tomato paste, 5 fresh thyme sprigs, 3 anchovy fillets, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 head garlic, cloves separated, 1 quart chicken stock, 2 cups dry red wine, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 oranges, cut in segments, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 cup packed parsley leaves, 4 ounces olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Braised Shortribs with Orange and Olive Salad, picturelink: HxfAh4IjndQqWx6sisjAk41vdIO8x..}, 55463: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread a little butter on the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish.nHeat some butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the peppers and onions and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Off heat, add the tequila, then return to the heat and cook until evaporated, about 1 minute. Add the chili powder, garlic, jalapenos and some salt and pepper and cook for a minute or 2. Add the beans to the skillet and stir to combine everything. Cook until warmed through, about 4 minutes.nSpread half of the beans in the prepared baking dish. Top with half of the Cheddar and pepper Jack cheeses. Spread on the remaining beans and top with the remaining cheese. Bake until the cheese is melted and just beginning to brown, 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing and frying, 2 red bell peppers, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup tequila, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 jalapenos, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Three 16ounce cans refried beans, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 2 cups grated pepper Jack cheese], title: Cheesy Refried Bean Casserole, picturelink: MAavkomvAFRM9vt4y1At7srTVqztWSq}, 55464: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 10by14inch or other similarsize shallow baking dish with 1 tablespoon of the butter and set aside.nCook the bacon in a large skillet over moderate heat until crisp, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 7 tablespoons butter and let it melt, then add the celery, bell peppers, onions, and garlic and cook until the vegetables are soft, about 10 minutes. Add the paprika, garlic powder, and cayenne and cook, stirring occasionally, for 23 minutes.nPut the baguette cubes into a large bowl. Spoon the bacon and vegetable mixture on top. Add the oysters and their liquor, along with the green onions and parsley.nBeat the eggs with the hot sauce and salt in a small bowl. Pour the eggs into the bowl with the bread cubes and gently stir until the dressing is well combined. Spoon the dressing into the prepared baking dish and bake in the upper third of the oven until heated through and crisp on top, about 45 minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [8 tablespoons butter, cubed, 2 ounces slab or thickcut bacon, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 12 green bell pepper, seeded and diced, 12 onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 large baguettes, cubed to yield about 12 cups, 4 dozen shucked oysters, 1 cup oyster liquor, 2 green onions, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Oyster Dressing Grandmere, picturelink: null}, 55465: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken legs in a large resealable bag, squeeze in the juice of the lemons and throw in the rinds as well. Add the olive oil, garlic and some salt and pepper, seal the bag and toss around. Place in the fridge to marinate for at least 30 minutes or up to 6 hours.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the chicken legs on a baking sheet and roast until the juices run clear, 20 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [24 chicken legs, 6 lemons, 12 cup olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, pressed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Lemon Chicken Legs, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 55466: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan whisk together sugar, cornstarch, and a pinch salt. Chop chocolate and add to sugar mixture. In a bowl whisk together milk and egg yolk and gradually whisk into chocolate mixture. Bring mixture just to a boil over moderate heat, whisking constantly, and boil 1 minute, whisking. Remove pan from heat and whisk in butter and vanilla. Divide pudding between 4 8ounce ramekins. Chill puddings in freezer, surfaces covered with plastic wrap, until cooled, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, Pinch salt, 8 ounces finequality bittersweet chocolate not unsweetened, 2 23 cups whole milk, 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla], title: Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: null}, 55467: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace the whole peppers on a sheet pan and place in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until the skins are completely wrinkled and the peppers are charred, turning them twice during roasting. Remove the pan from the oven and immediately cover it tightly with aluminum foil. Set aside for 30 minutes, or until the peppers are cool enough to handle.nMeanwhile, combine the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, garlic, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Set aside.nRemove the stem from each pepper and cut them in quarters. Remove the peels and seeds and place the peppers in a bowl along with any juices that have collected. Discard the stems, peels, and seeds. Pour the oil and vinegar mixture over the peppers. Stir in the capers. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to blend.nTo assemble the sandwiches, spread the bottom half of the loaf with the goat cheese. Add a layer of peppers and then a layer of basil leaves. Separate the onions into rings and spread out on top. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cover with the top half of the ciabatta and cut into individual servings., ingredients: [4 large red or yellow bell peppers, preferably Holland, 2 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 1 large ciabatta bread, halved horizontally, 1 11ounce garlicandherb or plain goat cheese recommended: Montrachet at room temperature, 8 to 10 large basil leaves, 3 thin slices red onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Pepper and Goat Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: Ki3oxeJwSdixAIoN2dyYFGKeG2YKeUa}, 55468: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pulse the hazelnuts and rosemary in a food processor until the nuts are about the size of whole peppercorns. Transfer to a large plate. Combine the mustard and horseradish together in a small bowl.nRub the oil all over the steak and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Heat a cast iron or heavybottomed pan over mediumhigh heat until very hot, about 5 minutes. Lay the steak in the pan and sear without moving until each side becomes a rich brown color, about 3 minutes a side.nTransfer to a cutting board and brush the mustard mixture all over the steak. Dredge the steak in the hazelnuts, pressing so they adhere to the meat. Arrange the steak on a rack set over a baking sheet or roasting pan. Put into the oven and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the steak registers 125 degrees F for medium rare, about 20 minutes. Transfer the meat to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice the steak and arrange it on a serving platter. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup toasted hazelnuts, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 12 pounds 1inch thick bonein ribeye, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Hazelnut Crusted RibEye Steak, picturelink: null}, 55469: {instructions: Using a sharp, wet knife, thinly slice tuna along grain using a long, horizontal sawing motion. The easiest way to do this is to press the fish down with one hand and cut slices off the top. Cover four serving plates with tuna. The lined plates may be reserved in refrigerator, covered with plastic wrap, up to 4 hours.nMix vinegar, soy sauce, mirin, and ginger in a small bowl and spread about 2 tablespoons over each serving, evenly coating fish. Divide sprouts and arrange in a small fan on the side of each plate. Divide the red onion and place in a small mound at root end of sprouts. Spoon a bit of dressing over sprouts and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound skinless, boneless tuna, such as Hawaiian yellow fin, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mirin, 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger, 2 2ounce packages daikon spiced sprouts, roots trimmed, 12 medium red onion, shredded], title: Marinated Tuna with Spiced Sprouts, picturelink: null}, 55470: {instructions: Bring the carrot juice to a boil in a mediumsized saucepan. Add the sweet potatoes, chickpeas, creamed coconut, chile, ginger, garlic, and thyme. Simmer the ingredients gently, covered, for 10 minutes, or until the potatoes are soft. Shred the callaloo or spinach, if using, and add the leaves to the soup 5 minutes before the end of the cooking process. Leave the soup chunky or smash the chickpeas, and sweet potato with a potato masher, if desired. Adjust the consistency of the soup, to taste, with a little extra carrot juice or stock if you decide to mash it, as it will become very thick. Finish the soup with the butter, if using, and season with black pepper. Garnish with the fresh cilantro, and serve each bowl with a drizzle of cream or a dollop of Greek yogurt on top., ingredients: [4 cups fresh carrot juice, 2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 3D4inch chunks, 1 4ounce can chickpeas, drained, 1 1 12inch creamed coconut chunk, cut from a block, 1 small hot red chile, preferably Scotch Bonnet, chopped wear gloves, 1 34inch piece fresh ginger, very finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 large handful callaloo amaranth or spinach leaves, washed thoroughly, stemmed, optional, Stock, as needed, 1 chunk butter, optional, Freshly ground black pepper, optional, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Cream, sour cream or Greek yogurt, for service, optional], title: Ital Carrot and Sweet Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 55471: {instructions: Toast the sesame seeds in a dry skillet until lightly browned let cool. Pulse in a food processor until finely ground.nAdd the romaine and 14 teaspoon salt and pulse until finely chopped.nAdd the asiago and pulse to combine.nSlowly pour in the olive oil, pulsing to incorporate. Transfer the pesto to a bowl and stir in the sundried tomatoes. Youll have about 1 cup pesto use about 12 cup for 1 pound pasta.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [13 cup sesame seeds, 3 cups chopped romaine lettuce, Kosher salt, 12 cup asiago cheese, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 to 12 cup sundried tomatoes, chopped], title: Romaine Pesto with Sesame Seeds, Asiago and SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 55472: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar, then add the flour and oatmeal to make the dough it will be a little crumbly. Set aside. Stir juice and zest into milk. Set aside. Butter or spray a 9 by 13 inch pan. Press twothirds to threequarters of the dough into the pan. Spread lemonmilk mixture evenly over the top of the dough. Sprinkle the remaining dough kind of like streusel over the top. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 to 35 minutes until golden. When cool, slice into 1inch squares., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups flour, 1 14 cup oatmeal not instant, Juice of 3 lemons, Zest of 2 lemons, chopped fine, Zest of 1 orange, chopped fine, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk], title: Lemon Bars, picturelink: null}, 55473: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, whisk together buttermilk, eggs, baking powder, sugar, salt and butter.nIn another large bowl mix together allpurpose flour and buckwheat flour.nSlowly add flour into the wet ingredients mixing with a whisk. Mix until there are no lumps and the batter is smooth and velvety.nIn a large cast iron skillet or flat grill pan over mediumhigh heat, melt a tablespoon of butter. Ladle pancake batter onto skillet to desired size. Using the ladle, form pancake into circular shape. Cook on each side for 2 to 3 minutes or until golden brown. Set pancakes aside and keep warm. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nOnce completed, spread peanut butter on a pancake, layer it with sliced bananas and drizzle it with honey. Top the pancake with another pancake to form a sandwich. Repeat with remaining pancakes and serve with extra honey., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 cup all purpose flour, 1 cup buckwheat flour, 2 tablespoons butter, cold plus more as needed, Peanut butter, for topping, Sliced bananas, for topping, Honey, for topping], title: Elvis Pancakes, picturelink: lC9FSvd6nrreN83z00bos5VGLwTTmT2}, 55474: {instructions: Heat olive oil and butter over medium high in a heavy skillet until butter foams. Add shallot and cook, stirring, until it begins to soften, about two minutes. Add mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until mushrooms begin to soften, about four minutes, and add sherry. Continue cooking and stirring until liquid has evaporated and mushrooms are tender and beginning to brown. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small shallot, minced, 1 pound button mushrooms, sliced thin, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dry Spanish sherry], title: Sauteed Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 55475: {instructions: Whisk the coconut milk, lime juice, lime zest, sugar, star anise, and salt together in a large bowl.nAdd the lychees, pineapple, honeydew melon, cantaloupe, papaya, and mangos. Gently toss to coat in the coconut milk dressing. Cover and refrigerate for about 1 hour or longer before serving. Prior to serving, remove the star anise and reserve for serving. Transfer the fruit salad to a serving platter or glasses. Top with the reserved star anise and shredded coconut, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup coconut milk, Juice of 2 limes, plus 1 teaspoon lime zest, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 3 star anise, Pinch of salt, 6 fresh lychees, shell removed, pitted, and roughly chopped or 1ounce can, 2 cups cored and cubed fresh pineapple, 2 cups cubed honeydew melon, 2 cups cubed cantaloupe, 2 cups cubed ripe papaya, 2 cup mangos, skin removed, pitted, and cut into cubes, Shredded coconut, for serving, optional], title: Tropical Fruit Salad with Lychees and Coconut Dressing or Balinese Lychee Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 55476: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Put the potatoes in a saucepan and cover with cold water by 1 inch season with salt. Bring to a boil reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until tender, 10 minutes. Drain.nCombine the buttermilk, mayonnaise and relish in a large bowl. Add the potatoes, sliced celery, scallions, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste toss. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nWhisk the egg whites in a large bowl. Put the breadcrumbs in another bowl. Season the fish with the paprika, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Dip each piece in the egg whites, then dredge in the breadcrumbs, pressing to coat. Transfer to a rack set over a baking sheet.nCoat the fish on both sides with cooking spray. Bake until golden brown and just cooked through, about 12 minutes. Top the potato salad with celery leaves. Serve with the fish and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 12 pounds small redskinned potatoes, quartered, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 teaspoons relish, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, plus chopped celery leaves for topping, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 3 large egg whites, 1 12 cups panko breadcrumbs, 1 14 pounds cod preferably Pacific cod, cut into 8 pieces, 1 teaspoon paprika, Cooking spray, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: OvenFried Fish with Potato Salad, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 55477: {instructions: Place the chicken in a deep skillet or pot with the onion, celery, carrot, and bay leaves. Cover with just enough water to come to the top of the meat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and then simmer until cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate with tongs and tent with foil. Strain the poaching liquid and reserve 1 cup.nReturn the skillet to medium heat and add the butter to melt. Add the shallot and garlic and stir for 2 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour and stir another minute. Stir in the thyme and wine. Add lemon zest and juice, the reserved poaching liquid, and simmer to reduce the sauce and thicken a bit. Stir in the cream, if desired. Slice the chicken and add to the sauce to warm. Serve with bread or a simple pasta dish such as Egg Pasta with Leeks. Garnish with basil and serve., ingredients: [4 small boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 onion, quartered, 2 ribs celery, halved, 1 carrot, peeled and halved, 2 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced or pasted, 3 tablespoons flour, A few sprigs fresh thyme, finely chopped, 12 cup white wine, 1 lemon, zested, 2 lemons, juiced, 13 cup light cream, optional, Bread, for serving, optional, A few leaves fresh basil, torn or shredded, for garnish], title: Sliced Poached Chicken with Light and Lemony Gravy, picturelink: t5Wc3hOkGE6OV64v3zFAXSug6Gfw6}, 55478: {instructions: Season the tomatoes and onions with salt and pepper on both sides. Brush the tomatoes and onions with canola oil on both sides. Place tomatoes and onions on a hot grill and grill for 3 minutes per side. Remove from the grill and coarsely chop. Place in a bowl and add balsamic vinegar and thyme. Check for seasoning. Set aside.nIn a shallow dish, combine cornmeal, salt, pepper and cayenne pepper. Lightly dredge the catfish fillets in the cornmeal, pressing lightly to make the cornmeal stick well. Place a saute pan on the grill and heat. When the pan is hot, add 3 tablespoons of canola oil and heat. Place the catfish in the pan, and pan fry for 3 to 4 minutes per side or until the cornmeal is golden brown. Serve the catfish with the grilled tomato and onion salad., ingredients: [2 beefsteak tomatoes, sliced into 12 inch slices, 2 Vidalia onions, sliced into 12 inch slices, Salt, Black Pepper, Canola oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon cayenne Pepper, 4 catfish fillets], title: Cornmeal Crusted Catfish with Grilled Tomato and Sweet Onion Salad, picturelink: null}, 55479: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F 190 degrees C.nPick over mushrooms to discard leaves and twigs. Trim mushroom stems and brush them to remove grit. If very dirty, wash them by tossing in a large bowl of cold water, then lifting them out with your hands so grit falls to bottom of the bowl. Do not leave them to soak and absorb water. Drain them in a colander.nPeel and finely chop the shallots and garlic and push to the side of the chopping board. Chop the parsley, draw in shallots and garlic, and chop them briefly together. Stir them in a bowl with walnut oil. Cut any large mushrooms in 2 to 3 pieces and stir them all into the walnut mixture with salt and pepper.nSpread mushrooms in a baking dish, cover loosely with foil and bake in oven 20 to 25 minutes or until mushrooms are soft. Remove foil, stir, and continue cooking mushrooms until tender and any liquid has evaporated, 10 to15 minutes longer., ingredients: [1 pound mixed wild mushrooms, or a mixture of wild and button mushrooms, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons walnut oil, Salt and pepper], title: Persillade of Wild Mushrooms with Walnut Oil, picturelink: null}, 55480: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nRinse the chicken with cool water, inside and out. Pat it dry with paper towels. Divide the herbs, keeping 12 of them whole. Finely chop the other half. In a small bowl, mash the softened butter with the chopped herbs, until combined. Rub the herbed butter under the skin, as well as all over the outside of the chicken. Season the bird all over with salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the orange, garlic, 1 onion, and the remaining herbs. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine to help hold its shape. Place the chicken, breastside up, in a roasting pan. Put the remaining onion into the pan, which will help color and flavor the sauce. Lay the strips of bacon across the breast of the chicken and roast for 25 minutes.nRemove the bacon and baste the chicken with the drippings and cook for another 25 minutes to brown the skin. The chicken is done when an instantread thermometer reads 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh the legs of the chicken should wiggle easily from the sockets too. Remove the chicken to a platter and let stand for 10 minutes, so the juices settle back into the meat before carving.nMeanwhile, remove the softened onion from the roasting pan. Tilt the pan so the drippings collect in 1 corner, skimming off as much fat as possible, and leaving the drippings. Place the roasting pan on top of the stove over medium heat and take a wooden spoon to scrape up the flavor from the bottom of the pan. Stir the flour into the drippings to make a rouxlike paste. Pour in the chicken broth in stages continue to stir to dissolve the flour evenly to prevent lumps. Stir in the sherry and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, carve the chicken tableside and squeeze the oranges from the cavity over the meat.nDifficulty: EasynServing suggestion: roast potatoes, watercress and gravy., ingredients: [1 5 12 pound freerange chicken, 12 bunch each fresh oregano, thyme, and parsley, 14 pound unsalted butter, softened, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 orange, halved, 12 head garlic, 1 medium white onion, halved, plus 1 onion, 6 strips smoked bacon, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 14 cup dry sherry], title: The Ultimate Roast Chicken, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 55481: {instructions: Combine 3 cups guava nectar, 1 cup milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla and 3 tablespoons sugar in a large bowl add 3 cups frozen mango chunks. Working in batches, puree in a blender until smooth and frothy. Divide among small glasses.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: MangoGuava Batidos, picturelink: 3gHVMWhuSDDvhiBRoZd4BFLuOUMMx4m}, 55482: {instructions: Combine the milk, cream, sugar, vanilla bean and seeds in a medium saucepan, bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar is completely dissolved, about 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat, add the chocolate and let sit for 30 seconds. Whisk the mixture until smooth. Keep warm.nPut the oil into a large saucepan and heat over medium heat until a deep fry thermometer registers 365 degrees F. Place several layers of paper towels on a baking sheet and set aside.nCombine the water, butter, 14 cup sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil and cook until the butter is completely melted and the sugar is dissolved. Add the flour, 14 teaspoon cinnamon and 14 teaspoon anise seeds and quickly beat with a wooden spoon until a ball is formed and the mixture becomes dry, about 2 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat for one minute to allow some of the steam to escape the mixture and to cool slightly before adding the eggs. Add the eggs, one a time, beating every time until each is incorporated. Add the vanilla extract and beat for 20 seconds longer. Scrape the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip.nCombine the remaining 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon and 12 teaspoon anise in a baking dish.nWorking in batches, pipe 6inch strips of the dough into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, turning once. Remove with a slotted spoon or spider to the prepared paper towellined baking sheet. Let the churros drain for 30 seconds and immediately toss in the sugar mixture. Serve the churros warm with the chocolate dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [Chocolate Dipping Sauce, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate 66 percent, coarsely chopped, 1 quart canola oil, 1 cup water, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 14 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground anise seeds, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 large eggs], title: Churros with Spiced Sugar and Chocolate Dipping Sauce, picturelink: fZynxUTHxXsPej3jyidDmbP2HAoc.G}, 55483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the flour and salt in mixing bowl. Cut room temperature shortening into flour until mixture is uniform and shortening resembles large peas. Beat egg, water, and vinegar together to blend. Pour all of the liquid evenly over flour mixture. Stir in with fork until all of the mixture is moistened. Divide dough in half and shape each into a ball. Flatten each into a 4inch circle. Wrap and chill dough for 15 minutes for easier rolling.nDust rolling pin and work surface lightly with flour. Roll dough to a uniform thickness. Roll to a circle about 1inch larger than upside down 8inch pie plate. Carefully place one dough circle into pie plate and gently press into form of plate. Trim excess dough around the edge with the back of a knife.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel, core, and slice apples. Mix apple slices with sugar, flour, and cinnamon. Place apple mixture in pie shell. Place second pie crust on top and form to the edges of the pie plate. Cut slits in the top crust to allow for steam to release in oven. Bake for approximately 30 to 40 minutes, until pie is fully baked and apples are tender., ingredients: [Pie Crust:, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 cup vegetable shortening, room temperature, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 5 Northern Spy apples, 34 cup fine sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Apple Pie, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 55484: {instructions: In a medium bowl, sift the flour, cocoa, baking powder, and salt onto a piece of parchment or wax paper. Set aside. In a mixer, beat the butter and sugar until fluffy, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add eggs and vanilla, and mix until combined. On low speed gradually add the flour mixture and mix until incorporated. With a wooden spoon, mix in the walnuts. Add the melted chocolate and milk, and stir to combine well. Refrigerate dough until firm, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll dough into 1 12inch logs and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes more. Cut logs into 1inch slices and roll in confectioners sugar. Transfer to an ungreased cookie sheet and bake until golden around the edges, about 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 12 cups unbleached flour, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa, 3 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups packed light brown sugar, 4 eggs, slightly beaten, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup walnuts, finely chopped, 14 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 23 cups milk, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Walnut Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55485: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar. In a medium bowl, lightly beat the eggs then whisk them into the flour mixture. Combine the butter and 1 cup of milk in the medium bowl then gradually whisk this mixture into the batter. The batter should be slightly thicker than heavy cream. It the batter is too thick, add a little more milk.nHeat a seasoned griddle or a large heavybottomed skillet over medium heat. If the pan is not well seasoned, add a little oil to prevent the pancakes from sticking. Spoon or pour about 3 tablespoons of batter onto the griddle to form a pancake. Repeat forming only as many pancakes as can fit on the griddle with 1inch or so of space around each. Drop 7 or 8 blueberries on each pancake. Cook until bubbles form on the pancake surfaces then flip and continue cooking until the second sides are golden, about 3 minutes longer. The pancakes are best served immediately topped with maple syrup and additional butter but they may be kept warm in a low 200 degree F oven until all the batter has been cooked., ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 stick butter or margarine, melted and cooled, Approximately 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup fresh or thawed and drained frozen blueberries about 8 per pancake, Vegetable oil or butter, for cooking, Serving suggestion: maple syrup and additional butter], title: Blueberry Pancakes, picturelink: oEed.5x0vcnTREOSK2.J6raBx3f7qq}, 55486: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nCut the baby back ribs into smaller even sized portions and place them into a shallow baking dish meat side up. Cover the ribs with the bourbon, reserving about 14 cup for the sauce, and then add the apple juice. Rub the meat side with the salt, pepper, red pepper flakes, grill seasoning, and the garlic. Place the ribs into the oven for 3 to 3 12 hours.nPreheat the grill.nRemove the ribs from the oven and hold for grilling. Mix 14 cup of the bourbon with the BBQ sauce and then coat the ribs with the mixture. Place the ribs on the grill and cook for about 15 minutes. Remove from the grill and arrange on a platter. Serve with grilled corn alongside, if desired., ingredients: [2 slabs baby back ribs, 12 to 1 cup bourbon, 1 cup apple juice, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jar prepared barbecue sauce], title: Sweet Bourbon Baby Backs, picturelink: 7RO01mbK5xEU5i4.sr7kzjbsRZPqy}, 55487: {instructions: Heat a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the almonds, shake and swirl until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Set aside to cool.nBring a saucepan of water to a boil and salt it generously. Add the green beans and cook until crisptender, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain and toss with the butter, zest, and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl. Scatter the almonds over top and serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sliced almonds, 1 pound green beans, trimmed, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small chunks, 1 lemon, zest finely grated, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lemon Almond String Beans, picturelink: Qrsv62TF6HSBW1D9vd9cndNgLtucaG}, 55488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, boil the potatoes in lightly salted water until forktender, about 12 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet. Using a potato masher, gently press down to mash each one. The tops of the potatoes should be really textured. Drizzle the tops of the potatoes with the olive oil. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Bake until golden brown and crisp, about 15 minutes. These are absolutely irresistible, ingredients: [12 small yellow potatoes, Koshersalt, 3tablespoons olive oil, Fresh ground blackpepper], title: Crash Hot Potatoes, picturelink: 4sF3RS8x4CnMmB5b7KLry9ADQWqBhi}, 55489: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Stir the apple, chives and sugar in a medium bowl.nUnfold 1 pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Roll the pastry sheet into a 16x12inch rectangle. Cut into 12 4inch squares. Cut each pastry square in half diagonally to make 24 triangles. Repeat with the remaining pastry sheet.nPlace about 12 teaspoon apple mixture on the bottom third of the longest side of each pastry triangle. Top each with 1 cheese piece. Brush the 2 bottom corners with water. Fold the bottom corners over the filling and press to seal. Press the bottom edge of the pastry to seal, leaving the top of the pastry open. Place the pastries onto 2 baking sheets.nBake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Remove the pastries from the baking sheets and let cool on wire racks for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with additional chopped chives, if desired., ingredients: [1 large Granny Smith apple, finely chopped about 1 12 cups, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 package 17.3 ounces Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets, thawed, 3 ounces smoked Gouda cheese, cut into], title: Gouda and Apple Puff Pockets, picturelink: null}, 55490: {instructions: First sift the flour onto folded paper. Put the milk, butter, salt and sugar into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the flour all at once into the pan, stirring all the time with a wooden spoon or spatula. Cook this until the paste comes away from the side of the pan and forms a lump, then take the pan off the heat and let it cool a little. Put the paste into a bowl and stir in one egg, which must be completely blended in before the next egg is added, and so on until all the eggs have been incorporated. The paste is ready when it has a silky sheen and is supple and easy to pipe. When preparing swan shapes which need volume, preheat oven with steam to ensure an excellent rise and bake for 15 minutes to 20 minutes at 425 degrees Fahrenheit. To Shape Swan: Fill the piping bag with choux paste and pipe 6 large cream puff, the size of a small egg, then 6 very thin 5 inch long S shape which will form the head and the neck of the swan. When it is cooked and cooled, cut the top of the cream puff oneforth of the way down. Fill the cream puff with chantilly cream whipped cream. Cut the top of cream puff in two, placing the two pieces on either side of the cream to form the wings of the swan. Then place the bottom of the S shape in the chantilly cream. The swan is ready. Serve on plate with chocolate sauce., ingredients: [34 cup flour, 12 cup milk, 14 cup butter, Pinch salt, 2 large eggs, 18 ounces whipping cream, 34 cup chocolate sauce], title: Swan Puff, Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55491: {instructions: SPREAD 1 bread slice with mustard.nFILL bread slices with remaining ingredients.nHow to Slice Tomatoes:nTo easily slice a tomato, hold tomato so that the stem end faces out. Cut a thin slice off the stem end with a sharp chefs knife or serrated knife. Discard the trimmed end. Cut the tomato into slices of the desired thickness. Tomatoes cut this way will keep their juice better than those sliced vertically from top to bottom., ingredients: [2 slices light white bread, 1 tsp. GREY POUPON Hearty Spicy Brown Mustard, 1 KRAFT Deli Fresh 2 Milk Reduced Fat Swiss Cheese Slice, 6 slices OSCAR MAYER Deli Fresh Shaved Honey Smoked Turkey Breast, 14 tsp. fresh cracked pepper, 1 lettuce leaf, 2 tomato slices], title: Smoky Mountain Turkey Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 55492: {instructions: In a blender, combine parsley, broth, pistachio nuts, and garlic. Process until smooth, adding more broth, if necessary, to create a saucelike consistency. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [1 packed cup fresh parsley leaves, 13 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons roasted pistachio nuts, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: PistachioParsley Pesto, picturelink: null}, 55493: {instructions: Prepare the calamari: Rinse the bodies and set aside. Dice the tentacles and the shrimp into 14to12inch pieces. Beat the egg in a large bowl. Add the diced calamari tentacles and shrimp, the breadcrumbs, cheese, parsley, basil, lemon zest and juice, anchovies and garlic. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and mix until combined.nUsing your fingers, stuff each calamari body about twothirds full with the shrimpbreadcrumb mixture and close with a toothpick. Heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil in a wide pot over mediumhigh heat. Sear the calamari in batches until browned and opaque on both sides, 8 to 10 minutes, and transfer to a plate.nMake the sauce: Lower the heat, add the garlic and red pepper flakes to the pot and cook, stirring, 1 to 2 minutes. Season with salt, then add the wine and scrape up any browned bits from the pot. Boil until the wine is almost evaporated, then crush the tomatoes into the pot with your hands and add the juices. Add 1 cup water, 34 teaspoon salt and the basil stalks. Arrange the calamari in a single layer in the pot. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook until the calamari are tender, about 40 minutes. Uncover and cook until the sauce thickens, 10 to 15 more minutes.nMeanwhile, make the polenta: Place 4 12 cups cold water in a separate pot over low heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt and the bay leaf. Whisk in the polenta in a slow, steady stream, then increase the heat to medium and bring to a boil, whisking frequently. Reduce the heat and cook at a bare simmer, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the polenta is thick and pulls away from the sides of the pot, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and cheese.nDivide the polenta among shallow bowls. Discard the toothpicks and place the calamari on top of the polenta. Remove the basil stalks and spoon the sauce over the dish. Garnish with the chopped basil and more parmesan.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [18 4inch calamari about 2 pounds, cleaned, tentacles separated ask your fishmonger to do this, 12 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 large egg, 14 cup sourdough breadcrumbs about 1 slice, ground, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup chopped fresh basil, Grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 anchovy fillets, rinsed and chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, 2 or 3 stalks fresh basil, plus chopped leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup yellow polenta, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish], title: ShrimpStuffed Calamari with Polenta, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 55494: {instructions: For the crust: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pulse together the flour and salt in a food processor. Add the chilled butter and pulse just until the butter is evenly distributed throughout. Add the sour cream and continue to pulse 2 to 4 more times until just incorporated. Add 2 tablespoons of ice water at a time, pulsing after each addition, until the dough starts to hold together. Add more water as needed. Turn the dough out onto plastic wrap and form it into a disc. Wrap the dough in the plastic wrap and let rest in the refrigerator 30 minutes. Roll the dough on a floured surface into a 12inch circle about 14inch thick. Roll up the dough using a rolling pin, and gently lift and place it over a deep, 10inch tart pan. Gently press the dough into all the crevices and trim the overhang to 12inch. Crimp the edges for a decorative finish and use the trimmed dough to patch any holes. Dock the bottom of the crust with a fork to keep it from puffing up, line with parchment paper and add dried beans to act as pie weights. Place on a large baking sheet and bake until the crust begins to brown, 20 to 30 minutes. Remove the parchment and dried beans. For the custard: Melt the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat and saute the leeks until they soften and begin to caramelize, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, cool and reserve. Whisk the cream, milk, cornstarch, salt, pepper, cayenne, nutmeg and eggs in a large mixing bowl. Scatter the leeks evenly over the bottom of the crust. Top with the cheese and ham. Pour the custard over the top and place in the oven on a large sheet tray. Bake until the center is set and the crust is golden brown, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool on a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small cubes, 2 tablespoons sour cream, Ice water, as needed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large leeks, white and light green parts chopped, 34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cracked black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch nutmeg, 5 large eggs, 1 cup shredded gruyere cheese, 1 cup diced honeybaked ham], title: Ham, Leek and Gruyere Quiche, picturelink: S2tk1tOwVT8HFEnkszIE56LBY0ulFca}, 55495: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 12 muffin cups with paper liners. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt. In a separate bowl, combine the milk, melted butter, and eggs. With the mixer on the lowest speed, pour the wet ingredients into the dry ones and stir until they are just blended. Spoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each one to the top. Bake for 30 minutes, until the tops are crisp and a toothpick comes out clean. Cool slightly and remove from the pan., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup medium cornmeal, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 cups whole milk, 12 pound unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 extralarge eggs], title: Corn Muffins, picturelink: Noj026pdzeKl8n6G58HlW7Cv8ATOiZ6}, 55496: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the chicken, skin side down, and brown well before turning to brown the meat side. When the chicken is well browned, add the onions, and cook until golden brown. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute, add lemon juice and white wine, bring quickly to a boil, reduce heat to a low simmer, cover the pan with a tight fitting lid and cook for 5 to 8 minutes. Add 1 cup of chicken stock and continue to cook, covered, for an additional 15 minutes, or until the chicken is completely cooked. Add additional chicken stock if the pan dries out too quickly.nWhile the chicken is cooking, peel the carrots and place them in a saucepan with 14 cup water and a tablespoon butter. Season with salt and pepper and cook the carrots for 2 to 3 minutes over medium heat and set aside. Wash the asparagus and cut off any woody stem attached. Put the asparagus into a pot with 14 cup water and a tablespoon butter and salt and pepper. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes and set aside.nWhen the chicken is fully cooked, remove from the saute pan and place on a platter. Carefully ladle off any grease that has accumulated on the surface of the stock and swirl in the remaining 3 tablespoons butter to give a smooth silky finish., ingredients: [1 whole young chicken, about 3 14 to 3 12 pounds, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large vidalia onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 large lemons, juice and zest reserved, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 to 1 12 cups hot chicken stock, 12 pound baby carrots with green tops attached, 12 pound pencil asparagus, 5 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper to taste, Fresh thyme leaves], title: Lemon and Garlic Chicken with Spring Market Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 55497: {}, 55498: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAllow the turkey to come to room temperature for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRemove 2 tablespoons of ranch seasoning from 1 packet and reserve. In a small bowl, mix together 1 stick 8 tablespoons of butter with the remaining ranch seasoning from both packets until well incorporated.nArrange the carrots, celery and onions in the bottom of a roasting pan, then put a roasting rack over them. Put the turkey on the rack and spread the ranch butter all over and underneath the skin. Season generously with salt and pepper. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and put the turkey inside to roast.nIn the meantime, add the maple syrup and 2 cups of chicken stock to a saucepan, then stir in the 2 tablespoons reserved ranch seasoning. Bring to a simmer just to warm through and incorporate the seasoning. Roast the turkey, basting with this liquid every 20 minutes, until a thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh reads 160 degrees F allow about 1 hour of cooking time for every 3 pounds of turkey. Tent with a piece of aluminum foil and let rest at least 30 minutes. There will be carryover cooking and the temperature will rise to 165 degrees F while resting.nFor the gravy, strain the juices left in the bottom of the roasting pan into a fat separator and pour the fat off the top. Put the roasting pan on a burner on top of the stove over medium heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and whisk in the flour, cooking for a minute. Slowly whisk in the remaining 2 cups chicken stock along with any remaining braising liquid and the juices from the roasting pan. Season with salt and pepper and serve alongside the turkey., ingredients: [One 15 to 18pound turkey neck and giblets removed, Two 1ounce packets ranch seasoning, 10 tablespoons 1 14 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 3 carrots, cut into thirds, 3 stalks celery, cut into thirds, 1 medium onion, cut into 8 wedges, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour], title: Ranch Turkey, picturelink: KYYfjogzha9ck6OhenS.GgGZZDgFDK}, 55499: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring the hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce to a low boil. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter until it is melted and thoroughly blended. Take 9 ounces of the Hellfire base and whisk in the ground habanero, cayenne and ghost peppers.nCooks Notes: Add Hellfire sauce to any dish or party and zing it to life. It is advised to wear gloves during preparation. This sauce is extremely spicy and may not be suited for everyone. Handle with care.nThis recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups Louisianastyle hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 13 pound unsalted butter, cubed, 4 tablespoons ground habanero pepper, 2 tablespoons ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons ground ghost pepper], title: Hellfire Sauce, picturelink: 33EOuIQZ2Uc38edff7.6IoBwRMeqg3S}}