{55500: {instructions: For the eyes: Place the malt balls cut side up on the work surface. Attach a white sprinkle to each ball using a skewer dipped in the buttercream to adhere. Add a mini chocolate chip as a pupil to each white sprinkle using more buttercream. Set aside.nFor the ears: Unwrap the caramels and press with fingers to flatten. Warm the candies in the microwave for 5 to 10 seconds if they are too hard to flatten at room temperature. Cut each caramel into 2 little triangles with scissors. Coat each triangle with frosting on one side and cover with chocolate sprinkles. Set aside.nFor the beaks: Place the small yellow gumdrops on the work surface standing upright. Snip each gumdrop with scissors straight down threequarters of the way through the candy to make the open mouth. Snip to narrow the overall size and shape into a tapered beak.nTo assemble: Frost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons buttercream. Place the chocolate sprinkles in a small bowl. Invert each cupcake into the sprinkles and press gently to adhere. Attach the eyes and beak by applying small dollops of additional frosting and pressing gently. Push the ears into the edges of the cupcake. Repeat steps for all cupcakes., ingredients: [12 yogurtcovered malt balls, halved for the eyes, 24 small white flat round sprinkles for the irises, 2 cups chocolate buttercream, 24 mini chocolate chips for the pupils, 12 caramel candies for the ears, 34 cup chocolate sprinkles for the ears and feathers, 12 small yellow gumdrops for the beaks, 12 chocolate cupcakes], title: Owl Cupcakes, picturelink: wiAXaYYOjc.j2VdjIbkOl5TxRfGnW}, 55501: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12 cup muffin tin with paper liners. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a small, heavy saucepan, combine the caramel candies and heavy cream over low heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the candies have melted and the mixture is smooth, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.nFor the cupcakes: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the granulated sugar and butter on high speed until light and fluffy, 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to medium and beat in the vanilla and eggs. With the machine running, in batches, gradually add the flour mixture to form a thick batter. Beat in the peanut butter.nPlace 3 tablespoons of batter in the bottom of each cupcake liner. Top with 1 tablespoon of the caramel mixture. Add 14 cup of batter on top of the caramel mixture.nBake for 23 to 25 minutes until a cake tester inserted into the center of the cupcakes comes out with moist crumbs. Cool for 5 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the muffin tin and cool completely on a wire rack, about 1 hour center of cupcakes will fall during cooling.nFor the frosting: In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer, beat the butter until light and smooth. Beat in the powdered sugar and milk until smooth and creamy. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the peanut butter until swirls of peanut butter form throughout the frosting.nPlace the frosting in a piping bag and top the cupcakes or use a small spatula to frost the cupcakes., ingredients: [25 soft caramel candies, such as Kraft Classic Caramels, unwrapped, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup whole milk, at room temperature], title: Stuffed Peanut Butter Cupcakes with Swirled Peanut Butter Frosting, picturelink: .GlyOLxttLAR6xN8zt1OxpNZ3Q2e.}, 55502: {instructions: Cachau00e7a is a Brazilian brandy made from sugar cane.nCut up a lime into 8 wedges. Muddle the wedges in a rocks glass with sugar. Add Cachau00e7a and top with ice. Stir and serve., ingredients: [1 lime, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 2 ounces Cachau00e7a, Crushed ice], title: Caipirinha, picturelink: null}, 55503: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook to al dente, drain and keep warm.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nScatter sliced bread on baking sheet, toast until crisp but not too dry, 6 to 8 minutes.nQuarter mushrooms. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Once the mushrooms have started to brown add 3 to 4 large cloves garlic, grated or finely choppednWhile mushrooms cook, begin chicken ragu. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Brown the pancetta 3 to 4 minutes then add chicken and brown evenly 5 to 6 minutes. Add the onions to the chicken. Grate the carrot and stir in with the rosemary, bay and a couple of cloves of garlic, grated or finely chopped. Season with salt and pepper and cook until vegetables are soft.nAdd the Marsala to chicken and vegetables, stir and reduce a minute then add tomatoes and crush with wooden spoon. Simmer a few minutes to thicken and combine flavors.nWhen the mushrooms are tender, season with salt and pepper. Chop the spinach coarsely then stir in to wilt. Add in a few grates of nutmeg, stir in vinegar then a splash of cream. Transfer the mushrooms to a small bowl and serve with toasted bread for topping.nToss the pasta with the chicken ragu and cheese. Garnish with some torn basil and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound wholewheat or wholegrain rigatoni or other short cut pasta, 1 loaf crusty bread, bakery sliced baguette or ciabatta, 1 pound crimini mushrooms, wiped clean, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 14 pound pancetta, a couple thick slices, finely diced, 1 12 pound chicken thighs, chopped into small bitesized pieces, 1 medium to large onion, chopped, 1 carrot, peeled, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper, 12 cup Marsala, a couple glugs, 1 28ounce can tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, Couple handfuls fresh baby spinach, Few grates nutmeg or a pinch of ground, 14 cup aged balsamic vinegar, Splash heavy cream, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, Handful basil leaves, torn], title: Crimini Ragu with Spinach Crostini and Chicken Ragu with Whole Wheat Pasta, picturelink: Cud6bp8F5FxdQ1aijsjxCKJZ7iqTQJu}, 55504: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper.nSift the flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl and set aside.nMelt the unsweetened chocolate, chopped bittersweet chocolate and the butter in a double boiler over low heat, stirring constantly.nWith a hand mixer beat together the eggs, sugar and vanilla on mediumhigh speed until light in texture and thick, 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd the chocolate mixture and blend thoroughly.nTurn the mixer on low speed, mix in the dry ingredients until just combined. Mix in the pecans and chocolate chips until blended.nFill a 14 cup ice cream scoop with dough, level it, and drop the dough onto a prepared cookie sheet, leaving 3 inches between the cookies.nBake the cookies until they are cracked on top, about 14 minutes. Cool on wire racks, ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 large eggs, 2 34 cups sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 12 cups chopped pecans, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Triple Threat Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: 8dCjFdhGQmQPGShOJd4kkLlYP5CSGK}, 55505: {instructions: Saute onions in the butter in a large soup pot over high heat, stirring occasionally to prevent onions from sticking until they begin to soften about 10 minutes. Add garlic, lower the heat to medium and continue cooking for another 10 minutes until onions are translucent. Stir in spinach and saute until wilted about 5 minutes more. Add peas and the stock to the pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Remove soup from heat and allow to cool for a few minutes.nUsing a food processor puree soup in small batches use a second bowl to pour puree in until all soup is pureed. Place puree back into pot, add cream and bring to simmer over low heat.nTo serve, ladle soup into 4 large bowls and top with about 3 tablespoons of the fresh mint cream.nIn a bowl, using a whisk, combine all ingredients until smooth., ingredients: [2 big yellow onions, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves fresh garlic coarsely chopped, 2 10ounce bag or the equivalent fresh spinach, rinsed, 2 12 cups frozen petite peas, 3 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 12 cup light cream, 1 tablespoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Fresh Mint Cream, recipe follows, 12 cup finely chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 cup sour cream, 12 cup halfandhalf, Salt and pepper], title: Pureed Spinach and Sweet Pea Soup with Fresh Mint Cream, picturelink: null}, 55506: {instructions: For the chicken: In a large bowl, mix the rice, coconut, green onion, basil, cilantro, chili sauce, 1 tablespoon lime juice, and zest from 1 lime. Place chicken between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pound to even thickness. Place equal amounts of rice mixture on each breast half. Wrap chicken around filling, securing with toothpicks. In a glass pie plate, mix together flour, zest of 1 lime, salt and pepper. In another plate, mix coconut milk, and 2 tablespoons lime juice. In third plate, mix together peanuts, panko, black and white sesame seeds. Roll chicken breasts, 1 at a time, first in flour mixture, then in coconut milk mixture and finally in peanut mixture, coating well. In shallow baking pan, arrange chicken, seam side down and place in 350 degree F oven. Bake 30 minutes or until juices run clear.nFor slaw: In a large bowl mix together all ingredients and refrigerate.nTo plate: Place slaw on serving platter, removed picks from chicken and add chicken to plate. Garnish with cucumber, lime and cilantro., ingredients: [1 cup jasmine rice, cooked, 12 shredded coconut, 2 green onions, finely sliced, 12 cup finely chopped fresh Thai basil leaves, 12 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons Thai chili sauce, 2 limes, juiced and zested, divided, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 1 cup chopped roasted peanuts, 34 cup panko crumbs, 14 cup white sesame seeds, toasted, 14 cup black sesame seeds, toasted, 34 cup chunky peanut butter, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 1 lime, juiced, 1 Thai chili, finely minced, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, 1 napa cabbage, finely sliced, 1 English cucumber, coarsely grated, 1 carrot, grated, 12 red onion, finely diced, 12 English cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 lime, wedged, Cilantro sprigs], title: First Place Winner: ThaiInspired Stuffed Chicken Breast and Slaw, picturelink: null}, 55507: {instructions: Char the pepper on a gas burner or under the broiler with the oven door slightly ajar to allow steam to escape. Place the evenly charred pepper in a bowl, cover and cool. Peel and seed the pepper, and then chop.nMeanwhile, place the dried mushrooms in a small pot with the chicken stock and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer a few minutes to soften mushrooms. Once tender, turn off the heat.nWhile the dried mushrooms are softening up, heat the EVOO in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the pancetta and brown 2 minutes. Add the portobello mushrooms and brown until dark, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the onions, garlic, chile pepper, rosemary and bay leaf. Season with some salt and pepper and cook to soften, 10 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir 1 minute. Add the wine and stir. Add the porcini mushrooms and their stock, all but the last few spoonfuls, as grit may have settled here. Add 3 cups water, the stewed tomatoes, chicken and chopped roasted red peppers. Bring to a low boil, and simmer 15 minutes. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, adding water if necessary to thin.nServe in shallow bowls. Top with the shaved pecorino and parsley, and bread for mopping., ingredients: [1 large red bell pepper, 13 cup dried porcini mushrooms a handful, 3 cups homemade or storebought chicken stock, 3 tablespoons EVOO, 4 ounces pancetta, cut 18inch thick, diced, 2 large portobello mushroom caps, chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 red chile pepper, thinly sliced, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 1 large bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry red or white wine, One 14ounce can stewed tomatoes, 4 cups pulled or chopped cooked chicken meat, Ciabatta or other crusty bread, Shaved pecorino cheese, for garnish, Coarsely chopped fresh flat leaf parsley, for garnish, Bread, for serving], title: Italian Chicken Stoup with Porcini, Portobello and Peppers, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 55508: {instructions: 1. Whisk the eggs with the milk, salt and pepper in a large bowl.n2. Butter a 9 X 13 baking dish and arrange 6 slices of the bread on the bottom. Top evenly with half the cheese, half the sausage and half the tomatoes. Repeat with the remaining bread, cheese, sausage and tomatoes. Slowly pour or ladle in the milk mixture. Wrap in plastic and weigh down with heavy cans to submerge the layers. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.n3. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the pudding until puffed and golden, about 45 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [8 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 slices soft white bread, 12 inch thick, crusts removed, 1 cup grated Cheddar cheese, about 14 pound, 1 12 cups, about 8 ounces, diced cooked chicken sausage, 1 cup, 2.5 ounces, slivered drypacked sundried tomatoes], title: Simply Orangeand174 Chicken Sausage and SunDried Tomato Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 55509: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the pecans on a sheet pan and bake for 5 minutes, until crisp. Set aside to cool. Chop very coarsely.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar together on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy. With the mixer on low, add the eggs, one at a time, and the vanilla.nSift the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt together into a medium bowl. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture. Add the oats, raisins, and pecans and mix just until combined.nUsing a small icecream scoop or a tablespoon, drop 2inch mounds of dough onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper. Flatten slightly with a damp hand. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, until lightly browned. Transfer the cookies to a baking rack and cool completely., ingredients: [1 12 cups pecans, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup dark brown sugar, lightly packed, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups oldfashioned oatmeal, 1 12 cups raisins], title: Raisin Pecan Oatmeal Cookies, picturelink: 3dxre.F0QPHFlN3avluVgAuL7tK3vve}, 55510: {instructions: Pour ingredients over ice in a rocks glass. Garnish with a cinnamon stick, andor mint sprig., ingredients: [2 parts Kahlua, 1 part Vodka, Prepared eggnog], title: Kahlua Eggnog, picturelink: c4Yeb95tCsU6.1PL3d4fov5waa5TL6}, 55511: {instructions: Make tempura batter by whisking the rice flour with the soda water until a pancake batter consistency is achieved. Wrap each oyster with shiso leaf and skewer. Dip each one in the batter and deep fry at 400 degrees until golden brown. Season with salt and place on a platter lined with lettuce leaves. Dot each with umeboshi.nWine Suggestions: J Sparkling Wine, Sonoma County KelhamCraig, Sauvignon Blanc, Oakville, Napa Valley, 1998 Wakatake, Daiginjo Onikoroshi, Sake, ingredients: [1 cup rice flour, 12 quart cold soda water, 1 dozen shucked Maryland oysters, 12 shiso leaves, Salt, 1 head red leaf lettuce, 1 tablespoon chopped Japanese pickled plum, umeboshi], title: Shiso Tempura, picturelink: null}, 55512: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder and mix well. Add shortening and break it up by hand until it resembles cornmeal. Add chicken stock and knead until all is incorporated. Let it rest, covered, for at least 30 minutes in cooler.nMeanwhile, make the filling. Combine blackberries, strawberries, goat cheese and sugar and mix well.nWhen the dough has chilled, roll it out to 14inch thickness on a lightly floured surface with a rolling pin. Cut circles out of the dough with a 4inch round cutter. Spoon a heaping tablespoon of filling into the center of each dough circle. Beat the eggs and water together in a small bowl. Brush the egg wash all around the edges of the dough. Fold the dough over the filling to make the circles into half moons. Crimp the edges with the tines of a fork to seal the dough closed.nHeat a pan, filled half way up with peanut oil, to 350 degrees F.nFry the empanadas until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes, turning them over occasionally with tongs., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoons salt, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup blackberries, 1 cup wild strawberries, roughly chopped, 12 cup goat cheese, 14 cup sugar, 2 large eggs,, 2 tablespoons water, Peanut oil, for frying], title: Texas Blackberry and Strawberry Empanadas, picturelink: K3Wzfhb6NerNrDW0f6cch73eUTyovBm}, 55513: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 bunch chopped broccoli rabe season with salt, pepper and red pepper flakes. Cook until the broccoli rabe is wilted, about 5 minutes. Toast 1 sliced baguette in a 350 degrees F oven, 6 to 8 minutes. Top each toast with a thin slice of fresh mozzarella and the broccoli rabe. Drizzle with aged balsamic vinegar.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Broccoli Rabe Crostini, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 55514: {instructions: Place green onions, chili pepper, and cilantro in a food processor and process until finely chopped.nPrepare rice according to package directions.nWhile rice is cooking, mix pineapple tidbits and reserved 14 cup juice with chopped ingredients in a small bowl.nHeat oil in a large skillet on medium heat and add garlic. Saute garlic for 30 seconds. Add soy sauce and pineapple mixture to skillet, and heat to a boil. Remove from heat and add shrimp to skillet. Stir to heat shrimp. Fold in hot cooked rice., ingredients: [4 green onions green part only, 1 large red chili, seeds removed, 2 Tbsps cilantro, 2 bags Successu00ae Jasmine Rice, Successu00ae White Rice or Successu00ae Brown Rice, 1 can 20 oz. pineapple tidbits, drained reserve 14 cup juice, 1 Tbsp olive oil, 1 tsp garlic, minced, 1 12 Tbsp soy sauce, 1 lb frozen cooked shrimp, thawed and rinsed with cold water], title: Pineapple Thai Rice, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 55515: {instructions: Toss together in a bowl. Turn out onto a platter and sprinkle with more salt and pepper., ingredients: [6 Chayote a.k.a. Chocho, or Christophine, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 yellow peppers, julienned, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup cilantro, chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 cup peanut or vegetable oil, Salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste], title: Chayote Salad, picturelink: X5KP8aoV8qbFMCwq18NULZDP7eLOGba}, 55516: {instructions: Rub the pork all over with the fivespice powder and salt. Add the chicken broth, soy sauce, brown sugar, sesame oil, and red pepper to the slow cooker. Stir to dissolve the sugar. Add the scallions, garlic, ginger, the mushrooms, if using, and the meat, turning it a few times to coat. Cover the cooker, set it on HIGH, and cook for 4 hours. Set the cooker on LOW and cook until the meat is very tender, at least another 2 hours 6 hours total.nTransfer the pork to a platter, cover lightly, and let rest 15 minutes. Meanwhile, pour the cooking liquid into a measuring cup and skim off and discard the vegetables and fat that rise to the surface. Slice the meat and serve warm or at room temperature with noodles and the sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 pounds trimmed pork shoulder, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup dark soy sauce, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 4 scallions, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 garlic head, halved, 1 2inch knob unpeeled fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 8 dried shiitake mushrooms, optional, Hot cooked Chinese egg noodles, for serving], title: Chinese SlowCooked Pork Shoulder, picturelink: null}, 55517: {instructions: Place oysters on a large tray. Season oysters evenly with salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Top each shell with equal amounts of parsley and green onions.nOn an open flame grill, heat coals or gas to a medium to hot. Depending on the grill, there are 3 methods of completing this dish. Ideally, the bacon should sit above the oysters, cooking on an elevated metal mesh that allows the bacon grease to drip into the oyster cavity. The oysters should be placed directly above the flame.nIf an elevated mesh apparatus or shelf is unavailable, the bacon can be elevated with crumpled aluminum foil, allowing the same dripping effect.nIf foil is unavailable, place the bacon strips around the edge of the shells so that they are allowed to cook separately from the oysters while still producing drippings.nCook the oysters for 8 to 20 minutes. For best results, make sure that at least some bacon fat has found its way into the oyster cavity. Serve as appetizers eaten off the shell or with a small cocktail fork., ingredients: [1 dozen oysters, shucked and on the halfshell, 12 cup chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup chopped green onions, Salt, Black pepper, 3 lemons, juiced, 12 pound smoked centercut bacon], title: Mother of the Pearl River Grilled Oysters Bruschetta, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 55518: {instructions: 1. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the orzo and cook, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Add 3 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons salt and the lemon zest and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and cook, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Uncover and continue cooking, stirring frequently, until the orzo is tender and the liquid is absorbed, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat.n2. Transfer the orzo to a large mixing bowl, remove the lemon zest and let cool about 10 minutes. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil, tomatoes, if using, feta cheese, parsley, capers, dill and lemon juice. Season with additional salt and pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups orzo, Kosher salt, One 3inch strip lemon zest, 1 cup quartered grape tomatoes, optional, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese about 2 12 ounces, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons small capers, rinsed and drained, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Toasted Orzo Salad, picturelink: 9D0at9uCkv7L70VyMCTv5xR3j4ZVu}, 55519: {instructions: Make Creamy Scramble: Heat 1 tablespoon butter in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, and salt and pepper. Whisk until just set. Serve on toasted wholegrain bread with smoked salmon.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: SmokedSalmon Scramble, picturelink: tGRPAKge3Ui6c5vzf8iVQwDyaXbZHky}, 55520: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, sausages and onions and cook until lightly brown.nAdd the crushed San Marzano tomatoes and 12 can water, bring to a simmer. Add the tomato puree, 12 can of water and simmer again. Repeat with the tomato sauce, again adding 12 can of water and bring the sauce to a simmer. Add the tomato paste and cook through.nAdd the basil, parsley, marsala wine, pepper, salt and sugar into the pot and stir. Simmer for 2 to 3 hours, stirring frequently., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 1 medium onion, diced, 3 to 4 fresh Italian sausages, casings removed, One 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, One 28ounce can tomato puree, One 28ounce can tomato sauce, One 8ounce can tomato paste, 1 cup fresh basil, roughly torn, 1 cup fresh parsley, chopped, 1 cup marsala wine, 1 12 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: DeFalcos Authentic Italian Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55521: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottoms and sides of a 9 by 13inch pan.nMix the nuts with cinnamon, 14 cup sugar, and 14 cup of melted butter. Set aside. Unroll the phyllo pastry. Cut the whole stack in half to fit the pan. Cover the phyllo with a dampened clean kitchen towel to keep the phyllo from drying out as you work. Lay 2 phyllo sheets in the pan and using a brush, butter thoroughly. Repeat until you have 6 sheets layered. Sprinkle 1 12 cups nut mixture on top. Layer with 2 phyllo sheets, brush with butter and add nuts to end up with 4 layers of nuts and dough. The top layer should be about 6 to 8 phyllo sheets deep.nUsing a sharp knife, cut diamond or square shapes all the way to the bottom of the pan. You may cut 4 long rows then make diagonal cuts. Bake for about 50 minutes, until the baklava is golden and crisp.nMake the sauce while the baklava is baking. Boil the water and remaining sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Add the honey and vanilla. Simmer for about 10 minutes.nRemove the baklava from the oven and immediately spoon the sauce over it. Let cool.nIn the meantime, place the grapes on a baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake in the oven for about 10 minutes, until the grapes start to burst.nServe the baklava with Greek yogurt, the baked grapes and a drizzle of honey and crushed walnuts.nCooks Notes: Walnuts can be replaced by any kind of nuts or a combination of nuts.nPhyllo pastry is available in the freezer section of most grocery stores., ingredients: [6 cups chopped walnuts, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 14 cups sugar, 1 cup melted butter, 1 16ounce package phyllo pastry, 2 cups water, 1 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 cups grapes recommended: Corinthian, 3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup Greek yogurt], title: Classic Greek Baklava, picturelink: null}, 55522: {instructions: Spray the insert of a slow cooker with cooking spray for easier clean up and preheat on high.nIn a medium saucepan, add the milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon butter, and polenta. Season with salt and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly to keep the mixture lumpfree. Boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Pour the mixture into the slow cooker and cook on high for 2 hours, stirring once or twice per hour. Once you are ready to serve, open the slow cooker and whisk in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, remaining 13 cup halfandhalf, and Parmesan., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 1 cup milk, 1 13 cups halfandhalf, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 13 cup coarse polenta, or corn grits, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Creamy Polenta, picturelink: gpHMldr4xvPUG.mVaONq60I7yj33cZa}, 55523: {instructions: Preheat the boiler.nPlace the tomatoes cut side down on a rimmed baking sheet and broil until the skins begin to char and burst, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the oven. When cool enough to handle, remove the charred skins.nMeanwhile, heat a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the butter and then the onion. Cook and stir until tender but not brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and simmer until the tomatoes have cooked down, about 20 minutes. Season with the salt, pepper, and sugar and add the basil and oregano. Serve immediately, or remove from the heat and cool completely before storing in the refrigerator or freezer., ingredients: [3 pounds ripe tomatoes about 9 globe or 24 plum, stemmed, halved, and seeded, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium white onion, chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano], title: Tomato Soup, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 55524: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Place pie crust in 9inch glass pie plate as directed on box for OneCrust Filled Pie.nIn medium bowl, beat cream cheese layer ingredients with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth.nReserve chocolate syrup packet from brownie mix for topping. In large bowl, place brownie mix, oil, water and eggs beat 50 strokes with spoon.nSpread 12 cup brownie mixture in bottom of crustlined pie plate. Spoon and carefully spread cream cheese mixture over brownie layer. Top with small spoonfuls of remaining brownie mixture spread evenly. Sprinkle with pecans. Cover crust edge with 2 to 3inch wide strips of foil to prevent excessive browning remove foil during last 15 minutes of bake time.nBake 40 to 50 minutes or until center is puffed and crust is golden brown pie may have cracks on surface.nIn small bowl, mix chocolate syrup from packet and hot fudge topping. Place mixture in small resealable bag. Cut small hole off corner of bag. Drizzle topping over pie. Cool completely, about 3 hours, before serving. Cover and refrigerate any remaining pie.nHigh Altitude: 35006500 ftnAdd 3 tablespoons flour to dry brownie mix. Bake as directed above., ingredients: [1 Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated pie crust from 15oz box, softened as directed on box, 1 package 8 oz cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 egg, 1 15.8 oz box Pillsburyu00ae Supreme Double Chocolate Brownie, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon water, 2 eggs, 12 cup chopped pecans, Reserved chocolate syrup packet from brownie mix, 3 tablespoons hot fudge topping], title: Cream Cheese Brownie Pie, picturelink: null}, 55525: {instructions: Scrub the clams under cold water with a stiff brush to remove the dirt. Next, find a durable thick cloth and fold it over several times to create a square this will steady the clams as you shuck them and also protect your hand. Using the towel as a mitt, hold the clam firmly in the palm of your towelcovered hand have a small bowl handy to catch the delicious juice. Insert the tip of a clam or oyster knife between the shell halves, and work it around one side to the other as you pry it open. Using the knife, cut the muscles away from the top shell, bend the shell back, and discard it. Run the knife underneath the clam to detach it completely, but leave it in its shell take care not to cut the meat itself. Tip out the clam juice into the bowl and pour it back over the shucked clams. Nestle the clams in a bed of crushed ice or rock salt to keep them steady. Spoon the cucumber mignonette on top and serve as part of a raw shellfish bar.nIn a small bowl, combine the rice wine vinegar, shallots, ginger, cucumber, black pepper, and cilantro mixing with a fork. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour or up to the day before you plan to serve, to allow the flavors to come together. Serve with raw oysters and clams., ingredients: [24 littleneck clams, Crushed ice or rock salt, Cucumber Mignonette Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 shallot, minced, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, 12 hothouse cucumber, peeled and minced, Several turns freshly ground black pepper, 1 handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Raw Clams on the Half Shell, picturelink: null}, 55526: {instructions: For the noodles: In a large pot of salted boiling water, cook the noodles according to their package directions. Drain and set aside.nFor the sauce: Combine the bouillon, oyster sauce, soy sauce, sesame oil and Sriracha in a large glass measuring cup or small bowl and set aside. This may look like a lot of sauce, but you have a lot of noodles and veggies to coatnFor the lo mein: Heat a wok over high heat. When hot, add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, half the garlic, half the ginger and half the scallions and saute 30 seconds. Add in the shrimp and cook until they just start to turn pink and curl up, about 2 minutes. Transfer the shrimp and aromatics to a plate and reserve.nIn the same pan, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and add the remaining garlic, ginger and scallions. Saute 30 seconds, and then add in the mushrooms, celery, carrots and cabbage. Saute the veggies until they begin to brown and caramelize, 4 to 5 minutes.nWhisk the cornstarch into 2 tablespoons cold water. Once dissolved, add to the sauce. Add the sauce to the pan with the vegetables and bring to a simmer. Toss in the reserved shrimp, aromatics and noodles and serve, ingredients: [Salt, 8 ounces dried Chinese egg noodles, or 1 pound fresh, 1 packet chicken bouillon mix, such as Knorr, dissolved in 1 34 cups hot water, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon Sriracha chili sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons minced ginger, 1 cup thinly sliced white button mushrooms, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 1 large carrot, shredded, 1 small bunch scallions, white and green parts, sliced, 1 pound small shrimp, peeled and deveined, 14 head Napa cabbage, finely shredded, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Shrimp Lo Mein, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 55527: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: To roast bell peppers, arrange them on a baking sheet and broil, turning occasionally, until the skins are blackened. Transfer the peppers to a bowl, cover and let cool. Peel and seed the peppers. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a casserole dish with 2 tablespoons butter. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the pasta and toast until golden. Stir in the rice and saffron. Add 3 cups stock and bring to boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook until al dente, about 17 minutes. Add an extra 12 cup water if the liquid evaporates before the rice is tender. Meanwhile, season some flour with the paprika in a shallow dish. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper, then dredge in the flour and shake off the excess. Heat 3 tablespoons EVOO in a large skillet or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned and crisp on both sides, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a paper towellined plate to rest. Add 1 tablespoon EVOO to the skillet, then add the chorizo and cook until the fat begins to render, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Deglaze with a splash of sherry, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Stir in the peas, thyme and roasted peppers and immediately remove from the heat. Slice the chicken and combine with the rice mixture and chorizopepper mixture. Transfer to the prepared casserole dish. Bake until heated through and the bottom is crisp, 30 to 40 minutes. Add a splash of stock, about 12 cup, if the top of the casserole dries out too much. Meanwhile, cover the fish with about 12 cup kosher salt and let stand for 10 minutes. Rinse and pat dry. Season some flour with seafood seasoning in a small dish. Lightly dredge the fish in the flour and shake off the excess. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon EVOO in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the fish and cook until firm and opaque, 5 to 6 minutes, turning once. Transfer the fish to a plate. Add the shrimp to the skillet and cook until pink, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and 12 cup sherry, then swirl in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter until melted. Add the parsley. Flake the fish into pieces. Top the casserole with the fish, shrimp and sherry sauce. Divide among plates. Cooks Notes: Always buy seafood within 24 hours of serving. Quicksalting cod with salt is a technique of NYC chef George Mendez. It gives the fish a firmer texture and more pronounced flavor. The casserole can be covered and refrigerated before baking for a makeahead meal., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, softened, 12 cup broken thin spaghetti or orzo pasta, 1 12 cups longgrain white rice, Generous pinch saffron threads, 3 to 3 12 cups chicken stock, Allpurpose flour or instant flour, such as Wondra, for dredging, 1 12 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 tablespoons EVOO, 8 ounces Spanish chorizo, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 12 cup plus a splash dry sherry, One 1pound, thick centercut fillet sustainable cod or black cod, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 roasted red bell peppers, chopped, Seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 lemon, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: MakeAhead Paella Casserole, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 55528: {instructions: Heat oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add pepper stirfry mix, garlic and fajita seasoning. Saute until heated through about 3 minutes. Serve on top of chicken., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil, 1 bag frozen pepper stirfry mix, thawed, recommended: Birds Eye, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon fajita seasoning], title: Sauteed Onion and Pepper Garnish for Chicken, picturelink: null}, 55529: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add 1 ounce Goldschlager, 1 ounce dark rum, a squeeze of lemon juice and a dash of orange bitters. Shake, then strain into an icefilled glass.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: The Gold Medal, picturelink: NUZlwiJgpia2I9xRew2LzWFoZXIexK}, 55530: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrind the pork butt twice through a meat grinder with a large die and form into four 8ounce patties. Sprinkle the patties generously with the Brown Sugar Rub and grill to desired temperature we recommend medium or pink in the center. Top with smoked Cheddar and melt it with your grill closed. Cut the hot links in half and split down the center. Grill on both sides until crispy. To assemble the sandwich, spread the bottom bun with the South Carolina Mayo and top with pickled chiles and Maple Bacon. Next, add the pork patty and then top with the split hot link. We serve our handcut fries on the side, but the sandwich is great with potato salad, chips or anything else.nMix the brown sugar, chili powder, salt, granulated garlic, granulated onion, black pepper and cayenne pepper together in a bowl. Cover tightly and leave out at room temperature. Yield: 3 12 tablespoons.nWhisk together the mustard, vinegar, brown sugar, paprika, black pepper, cayenne pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Let sit overnight to develop flavor we also use this sauce as a mustard based BBQ sauce without the mayo. Whisk together the sauce and mayonnaise and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Use any extra for sandwiches, dipping fried things in... really anything. Yield: 3 cups.nCombine the kosher salt, brown sugar and pink salt if smoking the bacon, and mix thoroughly. Then whisk in the maple syrup. Rub the cure over the entire pork belly and place in a ziptop bag remove the air from the bag before sealing. Place in the refrigerator for 7 days, flipping the belly every day to balance out the cure. On the eighth day, remove the belly from the cure and rinse thoroughly. Then place in the refrigerator uncovered, preferably on a rack for better air flow. Leave overnight to dry and form a pellicle the skin made from proteins that form on the surface to allow the smoke to penetrate the meat better. If you have a smoker, smoke the belly for 3 hours at 200 degrees F to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Remove from the smoker, cool and slice about 14inch thick. If you do not have a smoker, put the belly on an oven rack for 3 hours at 200 degrees F and cook to an internal temperature of 150 degrees F. Then cool and slice about 14inch thick. Place the bacon slices on a baking sheet and bake at 375 degrees F until brown and crispy. Reserve the homemade bacon fat for tomorrows breakfast., ingredients: [2 pounds pork butt, 2 tablespoons Brown Sugar Rub, recipe follows, 8 ounces sliced smoked Cheddar, 2 hot link sausages we make ours in house but you can use any spicy storebought sausage, 4 hamburger buns, 4 tablespoons South Carolina Mayo, recipe follows, 12 cup pickled chiles, 8 ounces Maple Bacon, recipe follows, Handcut fries, potato salad or chips, for serving, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup yellow mustard, 2 fluid ounces cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon pink salt optional, only necessary if smoking the bacon, 2 pounds skinless pork belly, 2 tablespoons Michigan maple syrup or your favorite real maple syrup], title: The Porker, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}, 55531: {instructions: Pour salt onto a plate or shallow dish. With a lime wedge rub along the rim of a glass and dip glasses upside down to salt the rim. Fill glasses with ice. In a cocktail shaker with ice place the tequila, triple sec, pomegranate juice, and lime juice. Pour into the saltrimmed glasses and top off with club soda. Garnish with a lime wedge, if desired., ingredients: [Lime wedge, plus more for garnish, Salt, Ice, 4 ounces white tequila, 2 ounces Triple Sec, 12 cup pomegranate juice, 1 lime, juiced optional, Club soda], title: Pomegranate Margarita, picturelink: BgXWx4SNDXrAvsyp5HyoE2Tdws9mH6C}, 55532: {instructions: Special equipment: What youll Need: 4 quartsize canning jars with lids Large deep pot with lid Round wire rack that fits inside the pot or clean empty tuna cans to keep the jars from direct heat Jar lifter or tongs Rubber spatula Clean dish towelsnSterilize the jars. Wash the jars and lids in hot soapy water rinse well. Place a wire rack or empty tuna cans in the pot to keep the jars from touching the bottom. Fill the pot halfway with water and bring to a simmer do not boil. Submerge the jars in the water and let simmer until youre ready to fill. Sterilize the lids in a separate small pot of simmering water.nMake the brine. Combine the chiles, bay leaves, coriander and cumin seeds, cinnamon sticks, cloves, mace, peppercorns, garlic, vinegar, honey, salt and 1 cup water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil cook for 3 minutes. Cool slightly. Remove the chiles and bay leaves with a slotted spoonnPack the tomatoes. Slice the tomatoes into wedges using a sterilized knife and cutting board. Remove the jars and lids from the simmering water with a jar lifter or tongs fill with the tomatoes and some chiles and bay leavesnFill and close. Pour the warm pickling liquid over the tomatoes in each jar, stopping 12 inch from the top. Slide a clean rubber spatula around the inside of each jar to remove air bubbles. Wipe the rims with a clean towel, then position the sterilized lids on top. Screw the lids shut, being careful not to overtighten.nBoil the jars. Return the pot of water to a simmer add the jars, making sure water covers them by a few inches. Cover and boil for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn off the heat, uncover and leave them in the water for 10 minutesnRemove and let cool. Transfer the jars to a kitchen towel. Let sit, undisturbed, for at least 12 hours. A vacuum seal will form as the jars coolnLabel your pickles. Write the date on each jar and store for up to 1 year at room temperature refrigerate after opening. The tomatoes will be at their prime about 3 months after canning.nPhotograph by David A. Land, ingredients: [6 Fresno chile peppers, halved lengthwise, 4 bay leaves, 14 cup coriander seeds, 14 cup cumin seeds, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 teaspoons whole cloves, 2 teaspoons ground mace, 4 tablespoons black peppercorns, 10 cloves garlic, 8 cups cider vinegar, 12 cup honey, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 pounds green tomatoes], title: Pickled Green Tomatoes, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 55533: {instructions: If using mushrooms, soak them in warm water for 30 minutes, then cut into strips, discarding the tough stems. Set aside. Heat oil over mediumhigh heat in wok or large skillet. Saute garlic and onions until tender. Add pork, chicken and shrimp, and cook until browned. Add soy sauce, stirring to flavor. Add chicken broth and bring to boil. Add cabbage, green beans, carrots and mushrooms. Cook until vegetables are tender, yet crisp, 58 minutes. Add noodles, mixing gently to prevent them from breaking. Cook until liquid is absorbed and noodles are done, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Season with black pepper and patis. Garnish with green onions and lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, sliced, 3 garlic cloves, crushed, 1 pound pork shoulder, sliced thinly, 1 chicken breast, deboned and sliced thinly, 12 pound shrimp, peeled, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup cabbage, shredded, 1 cup green beans, julienned, 2 carrots, julienned, 34 cup dried black or shiitake mushrooms optional, 1 package 1 pound pancit canton Chinese wheat noodles, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Patis Filipino fish sauce, to taste optional, 4 green onions, sliced, 1 lemon or kalamansi, cut into wedges], title: Pancit Canton, picturelink: null}, 55534: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees. In large bowl sift together flour, sugar, salt, baking soda and baking powder. In separate bowl whisk together egg, buttermilk, milk and melted butter. Slowly combine the dry ingredients with the wet ingredients. Stir until the flour disappears, but being careful not to over beat the batter. In a large castiron skillet, melt about 12 tablespoon remaining butter. Ladle about 14 cup of batter into the pan for each pancake. Immediately press 4 or 5 banana slices into each so the batter oozes slightly over the fruit. Cook until bubbles appear and then flip and cook on the other side, about 3 minutes total. Transfer the pancakes to a platter and keep warm in the oven while you cook the remaining batches, adding butter to the pan as needed. Serve hot with syrup., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 large egg, 1 cup buttermilk, 14 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter, plus 3 tablespoons, 3 ripe bananas, cut into 13inch slices], title: Banana Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 55535: {instructions: Grease and flour a 9 by 13inch pan. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter and cocoa together in a saucepan over low heat. Remove from the heat. Stir in the sugar and eggs and mix well. Add the flour, salt, vanilla, and nuts. Pour into prepared pan and bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until done.nNote: This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, 12 cup cocoa, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, beaten, 1 cup flour, Pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup chopped nuts], title: Pitchfork Fondue Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: null}, 55536: {instructions: Heat water to a boil and stir in rice and salt. Cover and lower to a simmer. Cook rice for 20 minutes. Remove pot from heat and let stand 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, rinsed thoroughly, 1 12 cups water, Salt], title: Basmati Rice, picturelink: null}, 55537: {instructions: Bring water and sugar to a boil in a saucepan and cook until sugar is melted, stirring occasionally. Add the ginger and cook for 1 minute. Remove from the heat, stir in the mint and steep for 5 minutes. Place the mango in a bowl, strain the syrup mixture over the mango, cover, and let chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Serve over ice cream or topped with vanilla yogurt., ingredients: [1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 14 cup packed fresh mint leaves, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled, pitted, and thinly sliced, Ginger or vanilla ice cream, or vanilla yogurt, for serving], title: Mango with GingerMint Syrup, picturelink: nZtGV09GEDQut6uOlzFr0eUpjHrV8me}, 55538: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Chill mixer beaters and bowl in freezer, allowing 5 to 10 minutes for this before you start. Start whipping cream at medium speed. Meanwhile, hull the strawberries, washing if only sandy. Spread in a baking dish, halving any that are large. When cream holds stiff peaks, spread over strawberries. With your fingers, crumble brown sugar over cream, spreading as evenly as possible. Broil very close to heat until sugar has melted and cream starts to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Serve at once., ingredients: [2 cups chilled heavy cream, 1 quart strawberries, 1 cup dark brown sugar], title: Strawberry Burnt Cream, picturelink: null}, 55539: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the butter and the sazon in a small saucepan over low heat and stir until the butter has melted.nIn a medium bowl, combine the potato flesh, melted butter, heavy cream, 1 egg, cornstarch, chili powder, garlic powder, and kosher salt and pepper, to taste, and mash until evenly combined set aside.nFor the filling: In another medium bowl add the peppers, chicken, oregano, and kosher salt and pepper, to taste. Stir well to combine and reserve.nIn a deep heavybottomed 12inch pan, add about 3 inches of oil. When ready to fry the balls heat the oil to 375 degrees F. Scoop 1 tablespoon of the potato mixture into your hand and roll it into a ball. Using the back of a 14 to 12 teaspoon scoop or your finger, make an indentation in the ball leaving a pocket for the filling. Scoop a small amount of the chicken filling into the center of the potato and repeat to make a second ball. With the chicken filling facing the center, sandwich the first disk with the second and pinch to close off any seams. Roll lightly between your palms to form a ball. Continue with remaining filling and potato mixture.nLightly beat the remaining egg in a small bowl. Add the potato flakes to a shallow bowl or plate and season lightly with salt. Dip each ball into the beaten egg, then into the potato flakes. If the ball is not completely covered, put it back into the egg, then into the potato flakes for a second time. Set aside and repeat to coat all the balls. Fry the balls, in batches, until cooked through and golden, about 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels and arrange on a serving platter to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 packet sazon seasoning, 6 cooked russet potatoes, flesh only about 3 cups flesh, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 eggs 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red bell pepper, diced small, 12 green bell pepper, diced small, 12 rotisserie chicken, skin and bones removed, and meat finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano or 12 teaspoon dried, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 1 cup potato flakes or crushed plain potato chips or panko bread crumbs], title: ChickenStuft Potato Puffs: Rellenos de Papa con Pollo, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 55540: {instructions: Combine all ingredients together in a mixing bowl. Transfer to an airtight container and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [2 cups ketchup recommended: Heinz, 12 cup finely chopped cherry peppers, 12 cup finely chopped pepperoncini, 12 cup finely chopped white onions, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic], title: Relish Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 55541: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pappardelle and cook until al dente, according to package directions. Drain in a colander, reserving 1 cup cooking water.nWhile pasta is cooking, combine olives, parsley, olive oil, thyme, lemon and orange zest, red pepper flakes, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse until a chunky puree forms. Transfer to a warm serving bowl large enough to accommodate cooked pasta.nAdd pasta and toss to combine. Add 14 cup cooking water and toss to combine. Add more wate, if necessary. Pappardelle has a tendency to absorb liquid quickly so more water may be needed. The sauce should cling to ribbons of pasta but should not be dry. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 teaspoon coarse salt, plus more for cooking pasta, 8 ounces imported dried pappardelle, 16 kalamata olives, pitted, 12 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1emon, zest coarsely chopped, 1 3inch strip orange zest, coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes], title: Midnight Pasta, picturelink: null}, 55542: {instructions: For the marinade: In a large resealable plastic bag, combine the grapeseed oil, garlic, onions, oregano and orange juice. Add the steaks and marinate for 24 hours in the refrigerator to flavor and tenderize the meat.nFor the chimichurri: In a bowl, combine the garlic, lime zest and juice, cilantro, parsley, oregano, vinegar, chile flakes, olive oil and some salt and pepper. Mix well, then cover and refrigerate overnight to allow the flavors to bloom.nLightly sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper and place them on a very hot grill for 3 minutes on each side. Remove the steaks to a plate to rest. Top with butter and lime juice to build flavor.nPlate each steak with 1 cup of the white rice spoon some chimichurri over the steaks. Serve with the remaining chimichurri on the side., ingredients: [13 cup grapeseed oil, 15 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup thinly sliced onions, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 cup orange juice, One 2pound skirt steak, cut into four 8ounce steaks, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 3 limes, zested and juiced, 1 12 cups chopped fresh cilantro, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley, 13 cup chopped fresh oregano, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chile flakes, 13 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, Juice of 12 lime, 4 cups cooked white rice, for serving], title: Churrasco Steak with Chimichurri, picturelink: Uqx4krcDBrsqoFGECb7b6y3JplXbKfa}, 55543: {instructions: For the brine: Combine the salt, brown sugar, peppercorns, coriander seeds, and 2 cups warm water in a large bowl. Stir until the salt dissolves. Add 6 cups cold water. Add the pork, cover, and refrigerate overnight the pork should be submerged in the liquid.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the herb rub: Mix the garlic, olive oil, salt, pepper, thyme, and rosemary in a small bowl. Remove the pork from the brine and pat it dry discard the brine. Spread the herb mixture over the pork loin, making sure you coat all sides of the loin.nFor the pork: Heat the olive oil in a medium, heavy saute pan over high heat. Add the pork and sear until browned, 4 minutes. Carefully turn the pork over and sear until browned, another 4 minutes. Meanwhile, add the prunes and pearl onions to a 10 by 7 by 2inch glass baking dish, creating a bed for the loin. Transfer the seared pork loin to the baking dish making sure the loin fits in the baking dish, leaving a 1inch border on every side.nAdd the wine to the same saute pan used to sear the pork and cook, scraping the bottom of the pan to remove the browned bits, until almost evaporated, about1 minute. Stir in the pineapple juice and remove from the heat. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture over the pork. Season the prunes and onions with salt and pepper.nPlace the pork in the oven and roast until a thermometer inserted into the center registers 160 degrees F, about 1 hour, basting with the pan juices every 20 minutes. Transfer the pork to a cutting board, tent with foil, and let it stand for 10 minutes. Slice the pork into 14 to 12inch thick slices and arrange on a platter. Top the pork slices with the pearl onions, prunes, and sauce.nCooks Note: In place of a 3 12pound pork loin, you can use 2 1 14pound pork tenderloins. The total cooking time will be about 1 hour., ingredients: [12 cup kosher salt, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 2 cups warm water, 6 cups cold water, 1 3 12pound centercut boneless pork loin, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup dried prunes, halved, 1 pound pearl onions, peeled, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 cup pineapple juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Pineapple Glaze, picturelink: f1M0JrDPw67904geQREqnPNMsEXky96}, 55544: {instructions: For the avocado crema: Place the cilantro, sour cream, avocado, lime zest and juice in a food processor and run until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and reserve, covered with plastic wrap pressed directly on top to keep from browning.nFor the filling: Preheat a heavybottomed 12inch skillet over high heat, and then add in the oil. Add the poblano peppers, season with cumin, salt and pepper and toss to coat. Saute until the peppers are slightly soft and blistered, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nIn the same skillet, add the chorizo and cook over medium heat, breaking up with a wooden spoon as it cooks. Cook the chorizo until well browned and cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. If your chorizo has extra fat you can drain it on a papertowellined plate to remove excess fat and then add the chorizo back to the pan along with the salsa. If your chorizo doesnt have that much fat, just add in your salsa and keep the party going. Simmer until heated through, about 5 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: Slice, butter and toast each of the rolls until golden brown and crusty.nSprinkle some cheese on the bottom bun, and then a hefty spoonful of the hot chorizo. On top of the chorizo place some poblanos. Smear the top bun with lots of avocado crema and serve em up., ingredients: [12 cup fresh cilantro, leaves and tender stems, 14 cup sour cream, 1 avocado, 1 lime, zested and juiced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 poblano peppers, seeded, ribbed and cut into 14inchby2inch strips, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 pounds fresh Mexican chorizo, One 12ounce jar salsa I like chunky, but use whatever you like, Salted butter, at room temperature, for toasting the buns, 4 fresh telera or bolillo rolls, 1 cup shredded Chihuahua cheese], title: Sloppy Jose with Chorizo, Charred Poblanos and Avocado Crema, picturelink: rLJA80B2M8pLR.a744mzoy1lY3QEWSW}, 55545: {instructions: Heat the oil in a deep skillet to 375 degrees F.nWhile the oil heats up, combine the fry mix with the beer, stirring until smooth. Toss the jalapeno slices in the batter. Using a slotted wooden spoon or tongs, carefully lower the jalapeno slices into the oil. Fry for about 2 minutes, turning them often to brown evenly. Drain on a paper towellined plate and season with salt. Serve immediately with Blue Cheese Dip.nPlace all ingredients into a bowl and mix.nCombine the sour cream, mayonnaise, salt, and pepper. Fold in the blue cheese and green onions. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [Peanut oil, for frying, 1 cup Fry Mix, recipe follows, 8 tablespoons beer, 3 jalapeno peppers about 3 12 ounces, trimmed, seeded, and sliced crosswise 14inch thick, Pinch salt, Blue Cheese Dip, recipe follows, 3 cups selfrising flour, 12 cup selfrising white cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon crushed black pepper, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup 2 ounces crumbled blue cheese, 12 cup finely chopped green onions, white and light green parts], title: Jalapeno Bottle Caps with Blue Cheese Dip, picturelink: y84KnThByu3j8ROgM6TkzdPceaxUu}, 55546: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Center 2 racks in the oven.nLine 2 baking sheets with silpat nonstick baking mats or parchment paper.nIn bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and both sugars until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add salt and vanilla, and mix to combine. Add egg, and continue beating until well combined.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together flour and baking soda. Slowly add dry ingredients to butter mixture. Mix on low speed until just combined. Stir in chopped pecans and both chocolates.nUsing a 1ounce icecream scoop or a tablespoon, scoop out dough, and place about 6 balls on each baking sheet, about 3 inches apart. Flatten each ball slightly, and gently press a pecan half in the center.nBake 7 minutes, rotate pans between oven shelves, and bake until just brown around the edges, 6 to 8 minutes more. Remove from oven, and let cool slightly before removing cookies from baking sheets to cool on wire racks. Repeat process with remaining dough., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 34 cup firmly packed lightbrown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, room temperature, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 8 ounces pecans, chopped 2 cups, 6 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped, 30 perfect pecan halves], title: Pecan Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55547: {instructions: Place the egg yolks, sugar and wine into a metal bowl. Place the bowl on a pan of barely simmering water, making a double boiler. Whisk the mixture constantly until the mixture becomes foamy and then creamy, doubling in size, about 5 minutes. The mixture should be uncomfortably warm to the touch, but not burning. Remove from the heat and set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, whip the heavy cream until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes, and set aside.nIn a medium bowl, mix the Mock Mascarpone cheese with the egg mixture using medium speed until well blended. Fold in the whipped cream.nPour the coffee into a wide bowl briefly dip 3 slices of the pound cake into the coffee, about 3 seconds each side. Transfer to a 6 to 8ounce parfait glass to create the first layer. Top the slices of cake with a few spoonfuls of the cream filling mixture. Repeat the process with another 3 slices of cake and top with more filling mixture. Repeat the process for the remaining parfait glasses. Dust each dessert with the cocoa. Refrigerate for a couple of hours before serving.nIn a small bowl, cream together the cream cheese, yogurt and vanilla extract with a mixer until well blended. Refrigerate if a firmer texture is desired. Use in recipes as an inexpensive alternative to mascarpone., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons Marsala wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup Mock Mascarpone, recipe follows, 34 cup strong coffee, sweetened with 1 tablespoon sugar, cooled, 8 12inch thick slices storebought pound cake, cut in thirds, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, for dusting, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons vanilla Greek yogurt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Individual Tiramisus, picturelink: a.cICE6ivtEd9kmsqULfTaWLcX3Dwi}, 55548: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange sponge cakes on a serving plate. Spoon 1 tablespoon espresso into each cake, allowing it to absorb coffee. Spoon 13 cup pumpkin filling into each cake. Using a vegetable peeler, peel white chocolate into curls. Sprinkle curls over pumpkin and serve., ingredients: [4 mini sponge cakes, 4 tablespoons prepared espresso or coffee, 1 13 cups pumpkin pie filling from can or from leftover pumpkin pie, White chocolate bar], title: Espresso Cakes with Pumpkin Filling and White Chocolate Curls, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 55549: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 F. Butter 2 8inch circular pans and line with parchment paper.nIn a medium bowl combine the 1 cup melted butter and cocoa and stir until the cocoa is dissolved.nAdd the sugar, 14 cup at a time, and mix well. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and mix until incorporated. Stir in the vanilla, flour and salt and combine until the flour is no longer visible. Fold in the chopped peanut butter cups and divide the mixture between the pans. Bake for approximately 25 minutes, then remove from the oven and set aside to cool.nRun a knife around the edge of each pan and turn out onto a work surface.nPut 1 cake layer on a cake plate or a round platter. Spread the 14 cup of peanut butter over the first layer and top with the second layer. In a bowl, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of peanut butter, the confectioners sugar and water until a glaze forms. Add more water, if needed, to achieve desired glaze consistency. Pour the glaze on top of the torte, spreading it out with a small knife allowing it to drip over the sides. Melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler and drizzle over the glaze. Cut into slices and serve., ingredients: [1 cup butter, melted, plus more for pan, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 4 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chopped peanut butter cups, about 8 pieces recommended: Reeses, 14 cup peanut butter, plus 2 tablespoons, heated in microwave at 10 second intervals for easy spreading, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup warm water, plus more as needed, 12 cup chocolate chips], title: Ultimate Chocolate Peanut Butter Torte, picturelink: ZSq26cgzxonaC.V32dl8T3.95I4Tuh6}, 55550: {instructions: In a large pot, combine diced tomatoes, Puttanesca Sauce and evaporated milk. Bring mixture to a simmer. Simmer 10 minutes. Working in batches, puree soup in a blender. Return to pot and stir in basil.nPreheat broiler.nSpread 1 teaspoon mayonnaise on each bread slice. Top with 14 cup spinach leaves, 2 bacon slices and 2 ounces shredded cheese. Place bread slices on a baking sheet and place under broiler. Cook 1 to 2 minutes, until cheese melts. Serve soup with Bacon Cheese Melts.nHeat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute 2 minutes. Add tomatoes, olives, capers, anchovy paste, salt, and red pepper flakes and stir to combine. Add the wine and bring mixture to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 cups Puttanesca Sauce, recipe follows, 1 11ounce can evaporated lowfat milk, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 4 teaspoons mayonnaise, 4 slices wholewheat bread, 1 cup baby spinach leaves, 8 slices turkey bacon, cooked until crisp in the microwave or skillet, 8 ounces shredded sharp Cheddar, 2 teaspoons olive or vegetable oil, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 cup pitted Greek kalamata olives, halved, 3 tablespoons drained capers, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup red wine, optional], title: Tomato Soup with BaconCheese Melts, picturelink: null}, 55551: {instructions: In a skillet brown the beef and the onions. In a bowl combine browned beef, onions, tomatoes, 14 pound cheese, mushrooms, chili powder and noodles. Transfer to baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining 14 pound cheese. Bake in preheated 300 degree oven for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 pounds ground beef, 2 onions, diced, 2 2pound cans peeled tomato, chopped, 12 pound cubed cheddar, 1 cup Sauteed mushrooms, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 package cooked noodles], title: Hayfield Crew Musette, picturelink: null}, 55552: {instructions: In the base of a blender, blend the mustard, ketchup, honey, vinegar, butter, Worcestershire, hot sauce and garlic until liquefied. Divide the sauce between 2 bowls and set aside the second bowl.nPut the ground chicken into a large mixing bowl. Season with the salt and some pepper and mix until fully combined. Form patties using a 14cup measure for each patty.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan. Add the patties to the pan and top each with a spoonful of the sauce. Cook, flipping the patties after 5 minutes. Top each with another spoonful of sauce and cook until the patties are cooked through, another 5 minutes. Transfer the patties to a platter and add the cheese slices if using. Repeat with any remaining patties.nCombine the reserved bowl of sauce with the mayonnaise and mix well.nServe the patties on toasted slider buns with the BarbieQ mayonnaise., ingredients: [12 cup yellow mustard, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup honey, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons salted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 12 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 2 pounds ground chicken, 12 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Swiss cheese slices, for serving, optional, 12 cup mayonnaise, Toasted slider buns, for serving], title: BarbieQ Chicken Sliders, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 55553: {instructions: Pit the cherries and put them into a small bowl. Cover with 4 ounces of the bourbon whiskey and let sit, covered, in the refrigerator for a few hours or overnight.nAdd the remaining bourbon whiskey, vermouth and bitters to a small pitcher and stir. Pour into 4 low ball glasses filled with ice and garnish each with a marinated Bing cherry., ingredients: [4 Bing cherries, pitted, 12 ounces bourbon whiskey, 4 ounces sweet vermouth, 4 dashes Angostura bitters], title: The Mans Manhattan, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 55554: {instructions: Melt 1 tablespoon I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread in a medium nonstick skillet over medium hight heat and cook vegetables and bacon, stirring occasionally, until vegetables are tender and bacon is crisp, about 4 minutes. Meanwhile, combine eggs, water and cilantro in small bowl with wire whisk. Add eggs into skillet and stir until eggs are set. Remove egg and vegetable mixture from skillet and evenly divide between tortillas. Top with cheese then roll. Wipe skillet with paper towels and and melt remaining u00bd tablespoon Spread over medium heat. Arrange burritos, seamsidedown and cook, turning once, until golden brown, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [1u00bd Tbsp. I Cant Believe Its Not Butteru00ae Spread, divided, u00bd cup finely chopped assorted fresh vegetables peppers, tomatoes andor green onions, 2 slices turkey bacon, chopped, 2 eggs, 1 Tbsp. water, 2 tsp. chopped fresh cilantro, 1 Tbsp. shredded low fat cheddar cheese, 2 6in. ea. fajita size whole wheat tortillas], title: Toasted Breakfast Burritos, picturelink: j14B3EtoRxC3uLt8O3nIbaEq.Pn8m}, 55555: {instructions: Place shrimp in bowl sprinkle with coarse salt and toss. Let stand 15 minutes. Pat dry. Heat oil in medium skillet over high heat. Add garlic, and dried pepper and stir. When garlic browns, discard it and the dried chili. Add shrimp stir until just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Transfer to serving dish with the oil. Sprinkle with paprika and parsley., ingredients: [8 ounces uncooked medium shrimp, peeled, deveined, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 cup olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, 1 1inch piece dried red chili pepper, seeded or 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Pinch paprika, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley], title: Gambas al PilPil Sizzling Hot Chili Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 55556: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a pizza stone and peel or two rimless baking sheetsnPlace a pizza stone or rimless baking sheet in the oven preheat to 475 degrees F.nAdd the cauliflower to a food processor pulse until finely ground, about the consistency of couscous. Pour the cauliflower onto a clean kitchen towel I like flour sack towels for this and squeeze out as much liquid as possible.nTo a large bowl, add the cauliflower, Parmesan, Italian seasoning, garlic, salt, some black pepper and the egg. Mix until the mixture holds together when pinched.nLine a pizza peel or a second rimless baking sheet with parchment paper liberally brush with olive oil. Spread the cauliflower mixture into a 12inchwide circle on the parchment. Slide the parchment onto the preheated pizza stone or baking sheet. Bake until the cauliflower crust is barely golden and darker at the edges, about 15 minutes.nRemove the crust from the oven, sprinkle with the mozzarella and spread the marinara sauce over the top this keeps the crust dry. Slide the pizza back onto the pizza stone or baking sheet and bake until bubbly and browned in spots, about 4 minutes.nScatter the basil over the top. Slice and serve., ingredients: [1 small head cauliflower, chopped 5 to 6 cups, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, 1 12 cups shredded lowmoisture mozzarella, 12 cup marinara sauce, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn], title: Cauliflower Crust Pizza, picturelink: Ypk.cTAcWc0J4S2YzVa7j9GTt5E7yve}, 55557: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice, Simple Syrup and vanilla bean paste in a large pitcher. If not serving immediately, refrigerate the pitcher.nTo serve, add the sparkling water to the pitcher and stir to combine. Pour the lemonade into individual glasses of crushed ice. Garnish with a sprig of fresh basil or mint and a lemon slice.nIn a small saucepan bring the sugar and water to a boil over medium heat, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and cool., ingredients: [1 cup fresh lemon juice, 34 cup Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons vanilla bean paste, 8 cups 2 quarts cold sparkling water, Crushed ice, Fresh basil or mint leaves, for garnish, Lemon slices, for garnish, 34 cup sugar, 34 cup water], title: Vanilla Bean Lemonade, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 55558: {instructions: For the sorbet: Combine water, sugar and lemon juice in saucepan over low heat. Stir until sugar is completely dissolved  DO NOT BOIL. Remove from heat. Pour Mango puree and sugar mixture into sorbet freezer. Set timer to 15 minutes, or follow the freezer directions. Batch is finished when mixture firms up and looks fluffy.nFor the figs: Place figs in saucepan and cover with port and zest from 1 lemon and simmer for 15 minutes. These can be served poached or lightly grilled.nPeel, core, and slice pineapple. Combine orange juice and dark brown sugar in saucepan and simmer on low heat until mixture starts to thicken. Stir to avoid burning. Brush on pineapple slices and grill lightly until grill marks appear, about 2 minutes per side.nFor the banana: Cut bananas lengthwise and place in baking tray. Combine orange juice, lime juice, molasses and pinch of salt. Simmer for a few minutes. Pour mixture over bananas, covering fruit and then grill. Turn over gently about 2 minutes per side.nFor the nectarines or peaches: Pit and cut fruit in half. Lightly salt fruit if not sweet. Lightly brush olive oil and toss fruit in bowl with dark brown sugar covering all surfaces. Grill 3 to 4 minutes per side., ingredients: [Fresh mango, pureed 2 34 cups, 1 12 cups hot water, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, Use fresh if available  Dried are also good, Port, Zest from 1 lemon, 1 pineapple, 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 bunch bananas, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 4 tablespoons molasses, Pinch of salt, Nectarines or peaches, Salt, optional, Olive oil, Dark brown sugar], title: Mango Sorbet with Grilled Fruit, picturelink: null}, 55559: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine first 9 ingredients. Mix well with hands. Shape into the size of walnuts and place in a single layer in a 13 by 9inch pan. Pour Neelys BBQ sauce over meatballs and bake for 45 minutes. Remove and serve with toothpicks as an appetizer.nIn a large saucepan, combine all the ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. Cooked uncovered, stirring frequently, for 2 hours., ingredients: [12 can evaporated milk, 1 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground pork, 1 cup quick cooking oats, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cups Neelys BBQ sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Barbequed MiniMeatballs, picturelink: null}, 55560: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a flat, shallow dish, combine the soy, rice vinegar, sambal, white and light green scallions, garlic and ginger. Add the tuna and roll around to get the marinade on all sides. Cover and let sit in the fridge for up to 2 hours, turning the tuna periodically.nRemove the tuna from the fridge and let sit in the marinade outside of the fridge for 20 to 30 minutes.nWhen the tuna has come to room temperature, remove it from the marinade. With a paper towel, gently remove some of the excess marinade.nCoat a large saute pan with peanut oil and bring it to a VERY high heat. When the pan is VERY hot but not quite smoking, pull the pan off the heat and add the tuna to the pan. Return the pan to the heat and sear the tuna for 1 minute on each side.nRemove the tuna from the pan, let rest for 4 to 5 minutes and slice into 14 to 12inch thick slices. Sprinkle with the dark green sliced scallion tops.nServe immediately with a little extra soy on the side if desired., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 14 to 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sambal oelek, 4 scallions, white and light green sliced and finely chopped, dark green sliced on an extreme bias for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 12 inches ginger, peeled and grated, Four 6ounce sushigrade tuna steaks, preferably in logs about 2 by 2 by 4inches, Peanut oil, for searing], title: Marinated Seared Tuna, picturelink: pY0dTWjVYxjFCT75luK23opSZ5DDy}, 55561: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTake a piece of chicken and place 2 ounces ham and 1 ounce Gruyere cheese in the middle. Roll up the chicken breast tightly and place toothpicks in the ends and middle. Place the chicken breasts in an oiled baking dish and bake for 18 minutes.nFor the breading: Combine the allpurpose flour, breadcrumbs, wheat flour, rice flour, Cajun seasoning, garlic powder, paprika, salt, pepper and cayenne pepper, mix well, and place on a large platter.nFor the hollandaise sauce: Gently place 4 egg yolks in a food processor and add a pinch of salt, white pepper, paprika, the lemon juice and hot sauce. Place the warmed clarified butter into the food processor very slowly until it thickens. To thicken the sauce, add an egg yolk and to thin it out add warm water.nPlace the baked chicken cordon bleu in the egg wash and then coat evenly with the breading mixture. Repeat process again.nDeepfry the breaded chicken at 325 degrees F for 3 minutes. Drizzle the hollandaise sauce over the top of the chicken., ingredients: [Six 10ounce chicken breasts, pounded out to 12 inch in thickness, 12 ounces thinsliced ham, 6 ounces Gruyere cheese, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups ground breadcrumbs biscuit crumbs preferred, 2 cups wheat flour, 1 cup rice flour, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 eggs, well beaten, Hollandaise Sauce:, 4 egg yolks, Pinch fine salt, Pinch white pepper, Pinch paprika, 14 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 pound clarified butter, warmed until soft, Oil, enough for deepfrying], title: Chicken Cordon Bleu, picturelink: 2eAG46ENh0yiu7M0iR3V3yKYjSZ2iKu}, 55562: {instructions: ., ingredients: [6 cups countrystyle white bread, cubed and toasted, 1 pound bulk pork sausage, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, 2 onions, chopped, 4 ribs celery, chopped, 2 12 tablespoons crumbled sage leaves, 1 12 teaspoons crumbled thyme leaves, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup chopped, toasted, walnuts, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Midwest Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 55563: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Combine the broth and nutmeg in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and stir in the horseradish and 12 tablespoon butter.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, thyme and 34 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring often, until the onions are golden brown and soft, about 20 minutes. Let cool slightly, then stir into the broth mixture.nSlice the bread at 1 12inch intervals with a large serrated knife, stopping about threequarters of the way to the bottom. Repeat, making perpendicular cuts, to create a crosshatch pattern in the top of the loaf.nSet the loaf on a parchmentlined rimmed baking sheet. Stuff the gruyere and onions into the slits, breaking the cheese into smaller pieces, if necessary. Pour any remaining broth mixture into the slits. Cover the bread loosely with foil and bake until warm, about 15 minutes. Remove the foil and continue baking until the cheese melts and the bread is toasted, 20 to 25 more minutes. Sprinkle with parsley.nPhotograph by Victor Prado, ingredients: [12 cup lowsodium beef broth, Pinch of ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon horseradish do not drain, 4 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, Kosher salt, 1 8inch round loaf sourdough bread, 1 pound gruyere cheese, thinly sliced, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: Souper Boule, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 55564: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Make the spring rolls: Cook the ham in 2 teaspoons vegetable oil in a small nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp, 2 to 4 minutes. Add the ginger, garlic and scallions cook until fragrant, about 1 more minute.nToss the cabbage and carrot with the hot ham mixture in a large bowl. Add the crab, cilantro, chiligarlic paste, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, the soy sauce and vinegar toss.nWrap the spring rolls see right. Pierce each roll with a skewer in a few places to prevent bursting.nPlace a rack in a baking dish and brush with vegetable oil. Mix the remaining 2 teaspoons vegetable oil and 12 teaspoon sesame oil lightly brush on rolls. Place the rolls on the rack bake until golden on top, about 15 minutes. Turn the rolls bake until golden and crisp, 8 to 10 more minutes.nMeanwhile, mix all the sauce ingredients in a small bowl. Serve with the warm spring rolls.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 2ounce piece deli ham, finely diced, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, plus more for brushing, 1 tablespoon chopped peeled ginger, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 scallions, chopped, 1 12 cups finely shredded green cabbage, 1 medium carrot, shredded, 1 pound lump crabmeat, picked over, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon Asian chiligarlic paste, 1 12 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 14 square spring roll wrappers, 1 large egg white, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon mirin sweet rice wine, 1 teaspoon chopped peeled ginger, 1 scallion, finely chopped], title: Baked Spring Rolls, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 55565: {instructions: Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, garlic and crushed pepper flakes. Add shrimp and season with grill seasoning or salt and pepper. Cook, stirring frequently, 3 minutes or until shrimp are pink and firm. Transfer garlic and shrimp to a cutting board and cool 2 minutes. Coarsely chop shrimp and garlic. Wipe out pan.nChop 2 hearts of romaine and place in a large bowl. Add chopped shrimp and garlic, capers, anchovies lemon zest and juice. Toss salad, then add oil and retoss. Season with salt and pepper.nBlister tortillas in very hot nonstick skillet or over open flame on gas burner stove top for 15 seconds on each side to soften. Pile 14 of the salad onto a wrap. Tuck in sides, wrap and roll. Repeat., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 24 deveined shrimp, peeled, tails off, if your fish counter wont do this for you, ask for easypeels deveined raw shrimp in shell and just slide the shells off when you bring them home from the market, 1 teaspoon grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal seasoning or salt and black pepper, 2 hearts romaine, 3 tablespoons capers, 4 fillets, anchovies, chopped, optional, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the bowl, 4 12inch spinach or sundried tomato flavored flour tortilla wraps], title: Marc Antonys Scampi Wraps, picturelink: I51O4VdXWBhC3NK5bcg05LuLWtbFEKq}, 55566: {instructions: Simmer dried mushrooms in beef stock for 15 minutes. Let sit for 12 hour, then drain through coffee filter, squeezing juice from mushrooms. Rinse the squeezed mushrooms and chop. Mix together the ground beef, onion, bread cubes, and seasoning. Form into 1inch meatballs. Brown the meatballs, in batches, in a hot saute pan, and set them aside. Toss the crimini mushrooms in the flour and saute them in the same pan. Add the dried mushrooms, stock mixture and cream. Cook for 3 minutes. Stir in paprika. Swirl in 1cup sour cream just before serving. Serve over 1 sheet of fresh pasta schmata, with healthy drizzle of additional sour cream., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 3 cups beef stock or water, 1 12 pounds ground beef chuck, 1 large onion, finely minced, 6 slices white bread, cut into 14inch dice get thin slice, Salt and pepper, 12 ounces crimini mushrooms or mixed exotic mushrooms, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon sweet Hungarian Szegedy paprika, 1 cup sour cream plus more for serving, 6 sheets pasta, cooked], title: Hungarian Style Swedish Meatballs, Served on a Noodle Schmata, picturelink: null}, 55567: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 500 degrees F and place the pizza stone on the bottom rack.nCrumble the yeast in a small bowl then add 14 cup of warm water and the syrup. Stir together and leave for 5 minutes to dissolve.nPut the flour and salt in a mixer fitted with a dough hook and give it a quick spin to mix. Pour in the yeast mixture, the remaining warm water and the olive oil at the same time, see Cooks note.nSpin on low until the flour and water come together and the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl. Put the ball of dough in a large bowl and drizzle a few drops of olive oil on top to keep it from forming a skin as it proofs. Cover with a towel and leave in warm place for 30 minutes to let the dough proof. When the dough has proofed it will double in size and look spongy.nFor the topping: Caramelize the onions in a frying pan over low heat with a little olive oil and one of rosemary sprigs. When the onions are golden season with sea salt and black pepper and a few drops of lemon juice to bring out the flavor.nWhen the dough has proofed, roll it out onto to a floured surface and punch the air out with your hands, then start shaping it into a circle When its stretched out, dust a pizza paddle with flour and place the dough on it.nCover with a generous splash of olive oil and scatter with pieces of Robiola. Shingle the pancetta slices around and add the caramelized onions, and the stripped needles of the remaining rosemary sprig. Drizzle with olive oil. Add salt and black pepper.nSlide the pizza onto the stone in the oven be careful the stone is 500 degrees F and bake for 15 minutes. Shave white truffles over it. Eat immediately.nSpecial equipment: Pizza stone and pizza paddle ., ingredients: [1 ounce fresh bakers yeast, 1 cup warm water 110 to 115 degrees F, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 3 cups flour recommended 00, 1 tablespoon sea salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 white onion, cut into thin strips, 2 sprigs rosemary, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 ounces Robiola cheese, 6 ounces pancetta, thinly sliced, 1 white truffle], title: The Ultimate Pizza, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 55568: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 muffin pans with cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and granulated sugar until pale and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape the bowl as needed. Beat in the lemon zest and vanilla extract until combined. With the mixer on the lowest speed, add the flour mixture in three additions, alternating with two additions of the buttermilk and lemon juice. Mix until just combined after each addition. Scrape the bowl as needed. Gently fold in the raspberries.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter and bake until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Transfer the pans to wire racks to cool completely before frosting.nFrost the cupcakes with the RaspberryBalsamic Cream Cheese Frosting.nIn a small bowl, mix the raspberries with the granulated sugar and let stand for 15 minutes.nPlace the raspberries in a small saucepan and add 1 tablespoon of the balsamic vinegar. Let simmer over medium heat for 15 minutes the raspberries should cook down and create a sauce. Then crush the berries or run through a blender for a smoother frosting. Set aside to cool.nMix the remaining 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar into the raspberry sauce and set aside.nIn a large bowl or the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese and butter until creamy. Add 12 cup of the powdered sugar and beat until combined. Add the raspberry sauce and beat until combined. Add the remaining powdered sugar, a bit at a time, and beat until creamy. Add more sugar if a thicker consistency is desired., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, Finely grated zest of 3 lemons about 3 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 cups fresh raspberries, roughly chopped, RaspberryBalsamic Cream Cheese Frosting, recipes follows, 1 cup raspberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 6 ounces cream cheese, softened, 3 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 3 cups powdered sugar], title: LemonRaspberry Cupcakes with RaspberryBalsamic Cream Cheese Frosting, picturelink: ZzbeIF9KOvVVPy7eddn0SzInSgUmYdC}, 55569: {instructions: Whisk the flour and salt in a bowl. Beat the butter, cream cheese and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until fluffy, 3 minutes. Beat in the egg, lime zest and extract. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture. Transfer half of the dough to a separate bowl tint with food coloring.nDust the dough with flour roll out each color separately on floured parchment into a 14inchthick rectangle. Freeze until firm, 15 minutes.nTrim each piece into a 4 12by7 12inch rectangle, reserving the scraps. Cut each rectangle lengthwise into nine 12inchwide strips. Lay 3 strips sidebyside on a baking sheet white, green, white. Set 3 more strips on top, alternating colors green, white, green. Top with three more strips white, green, white. Build another log starting with greenwhitegreen. Chill the logs.nGather the scraps, keeping the colors separate. Roll out each on floured parchment into a 5by8inch rectangle, 14 inch thick. Wrap the green rectangle around the log with the white corners and wrap the white rectangle around the log with the green corners trim the excess. Wrap the logs in plastic chill 2 hours.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Slice the logs into 13inchthick cookies arrange 1 12 inches apart on the baking sheets. Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until set, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 large egg, Finely grated zest of 1 lime, 12 teaspoon lime extract or lemonlime extract optional, Green food coloring], title: Lime Checkerboards, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 55570: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGenerously butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish set aside. In a large bowl, stir the flour, polenta, cheese, scallions, sugar, baking powder, baking, soda and salt. In another bowl, whisk together the eggs, buttermilk, and melted butter. Add the liquid ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir with a rubber spatula just until blended do not overmix.nAdd 34 cup Damn Hot Peppers and then stir in hot sauce, to taste. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan and level it with a rubber spatula. Bake until the bread is golden brown and firm to the touch, about 35 minutes. Cool briefly and then cut into squares and serve warm. If not serving immediately, cover with more melted butter to keep moist overnight.nIn a nonreactive saucepan, heat the olive oil. When the oil is hot add the bell peppers, jalapenos and sea salt. Cook over medium high heat for about 15 minutes or until the peppers are partially tender. Stir the bottom from time to time, adjusting the heat as necessary so that they dont brown. There will still be some liquid left in the pot.nAdd the tomatoes, lower the heat to a simmer and continue cooking for about 10 minutes, to reduce the tomato juice and finish cooking the peppers. Add additional salt, if needed. Add to batter as directed., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups fine grind polenta, 1 cup grated Asiago cheese, 13 cup finely sliced scallion greens, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons sea salt, preferably gray salt, 4 extra large eggs, whisked, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 14 pound unsalted butter, melted, plus more to cover if not serving immediately, 12 cup Damn Hot Peppers, recipe follows, Hot sauce, to taste, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound green bell peppers, halved, seeded and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 jalapenos, cut into 18inch slices, 2 teaspoons sea salt, preferably gray salt, more if needed, 1 cup fresh tomato puree peel, seed, and puree 1 pound ripe tomatoes in a food processor], title: Damn Hot Polenta Bread, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 55571: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl combine the thyme, parsley, garlic, fennel seeds, red pepper flakes, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Place the chicken pieces on a work surface. Gently loosen the skin of the chicken and push the herb mixture under the skin. Season the chicken all over with salt and pepper.nWarm the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place the chicken in the pan, skin side down, when the oil is hot. Cook until the skin is crispy and golden, about 5 minutes. Turn the chicken and cook the same way on the other side. Turn the heat off the pan and reserve. Transfer the chicken to a baking dish, skin side up again, and finish cooking in the oven, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile return the same pan to medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter. When the butter has melted add the cipollini onions and carrots. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook until tender and golden in places, about 7 minutes. Add the chicken broth and scrape any brown bits off the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the snap peasnand mushrooms. Simmer over low heat until the vegetables are tender and the liquid has reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, if necessary.nRemove the chicken from the oven. Spoon the vegetables onto a serving platter along with the chicken. Spoon the sauce over the chicken. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 boneless, skinon chicken breasts, 3 bonein, skinon thighs, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 6 cipollini onions, trimmed and peeled, 8 ounces baby carrots, peeled and trimmed, but leaving on a bit of green tip, 1 cup chicken broth, 6 ounces snap peas, trimmed, 4 ounces morel mushrooms], title: Herbed Chicken with Spring Vegetables, picturelink: 4u92xp3ezF0mQwZRUykyx6aBlN6Kzmm}, 55572: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar in a mixer with paddle. Slowly add egg yolks, beaten egg half, and vanilla. Add flour and mix until just combined. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill at least 2 hours. Remove from refrigerator, unwrap and roll on a floured surface into a 38inch thick circle. Drape into an 11 or 12inch tart pan and press into corners. Line pastry with parchment paper and fill with dried beans or pie weights and bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes until light brown. While still warm, remove weights and parchment paper and brush slightly with a beaten egg white, taking care not to use too much and to only brush the inside of the shell. Let tart shell rest at room temperature until ready to fill., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 1 egg, beaten divide into two equal parts, save half for recipe, discard remaining half or save for another use, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon vanilla, 1 beaten egg white], title: Tart Shell, picturelink: null}, 55573: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat grill. Mix together the goat cheese, olives, red pepper and thyme in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste. Lay each breast out and fill with the cheese mixture. Brush the breasts with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste, secure with toothpicks. Grill for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown and cooked through.nIn a blender, combine the poblanos, onion and lime juice and blend until smooth. While the blender is running, add the oil slowly until emulsified. Add the spinach and cilantro and blend until smooth. Add the honey and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [8 ounces soft goat cheese, 14 cup chopped nicoise olives, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh finely chopped thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large boneless chicken breast, pounded thin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 poblanos, smoked, peeled and seeded, 14 cup red onion, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup spinach leaves, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Chicken Breast Stuffed with Goat Cheese with Smoked Chile Cilantro Sauce, picturelink: 9aDl1Dnd4X.PCNsr1uqR4IWP8L1sloa}, 55574: {instructions: Mix all ingredients together, except the fried onions. Put into deep casserole. Top with onions. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour until golden on top. Can be made ahead a couple of days. Do not bake until ready to use. Can also be frozen.nADDENDUM TO THREE ONION POTATO CASSEROLE: To make hashbrown potatoes from scratch:nRinse potatoes. Peel potatoes and shred. Soak in water for at least a 12 hour to remove starch. Saute drained potatoes in butter or oil until cooked to the 34 point Set aside.nResume with regular recipe preparation., ingredients: [2 large packages Hashbrown Potato patties 8 defrosted and broken apart in large mixing bowl, 1 can cream of chicken soup or cream of celery for kosher, 1 large bunch green onions, chopped, 14 cup chopped onions, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 2 cups sour cream, 12 cup milk nonfat, 1 to 2 cups cheddar or Jack cheese for spicy, use jalapeno jack, 1 small can French Fried Onions, for topping], title: Three Onion Potato Casserole, picturelink: null}, 55575: {instructions: Remove the spout from an empty 5gallon water container. Add enough water to fill it only 14 of the way. Place into the freezer with the spout facing up, this way the frozen section will be at the back of the container.nOnce frozen and you are ready to serve your guests, add the watermelon balls, watermelon juice, tequila, lime juice, and simple syrup. Alternatively, this can be made in a pitcher as well. Place the spout back onto the container and your guests are ready to serve themselves.nFor a layered margarita: Pour 12ounce blue Curacao over ice. Carefully add the watermelon mixture to create a layered effect.nGarnish with more watermelon balls and lime slices.nGuys Tip: Keep the watermelon balls in the freezer to help keep the drink even colder., ingredients: [2 cups watermelon balls, plus more for garnish, 1 gallon watermelon juice, 2 quarts blanco tequila, 8 ounces fresh lime juice, 8 ounces simple syrup, 8 ounces blue Curacao, divided, Lime slices, for garnish], title: Margarita Americana, picturelink: null}, 55576: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernWorking one at a time, put the pork chops between 2 sheets of plastic wrap and pound with the flat side of a meat mallet to a 14 inch thickness. Combine the pork chops and sweet tea in a container, cover and refrigerate at least 6 hours or overnight.nPour enough oil into a large, heavy skillet to come 1 inch up the sides or use a deep fryer. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 325 degrees F.nMeanwhile, combine the flour, pepper, seasoning salt and garlic in a shallow bowl or plate and mix to blend well. Pour the milk into a shallow bowl. Remove the pork chops from the tea discard the tea. Dip the pork in the milk, then dredge in the seasoned flour to coat thoroughly. Fry until golden brown and cooked through, about 3 minutes per side. Drain on paper towels.nPlace the pork chops on the heels of the hamburger buns and top each with tomato, onion and lettuce. Cover with the top half of the buns and serve with the desired condiments., ingredients: [Four 4ounce boneless pork chops, 4 cups freshly brewed tea, sweetened to taste, chilled or at room temperature, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons seasoning salt, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 cup milk, 4 large hamburger buns, 4 tomato slices, 4 red onion slices, Leaf lettuce, for serving, Desired condiments, for serving], title: Sweet TeaMarinated Pork Chop Sandwich, picturelink: LVCPrD8y18LdiJiA6aT2oFs1e.M9r.S}, 55577: {instructions: In a 5quart saucepan, combine the potatoes, 2 tablespoons butter, the garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain in a colander and remove the garlic cloves. Return the potatoes to the pan and, using a potato masher, mash the potatoes until smooth.nAdd the mascarpone, Parmesan, chicken broth, the remaining 4 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper to the potatoes. Stir over low heat until smooth and warmed through. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and serve., ingredients: [4 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and chopped into 1inch pieces about 5 large, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, Kosher salt, 1 cup mascarpone, at room temperature, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Giadas Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 55578: {instructions: Special equipment: piping bag with decorating tip and heartshaped cookie cutternFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 30 cupcake liners.nSift together the allpurpose flour, pistachios, almond flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a large bowl and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and eggs until light yellow in color, about 3 minutes. Mix in the oil until combined. Add the sifted ingredients and mix until incorporated. Mix in the buttermilk. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the almond emulsion, vanilla and green coloring and mix until incorporated.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool 15 minutes, and then pull them from the pans and place on a cooling rack or baking sheet to cool completely.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, combine the egg whites and cream of tartar and whip at medium speed until frothy. Add 1 12 cups of the sugar and whip at high speed until stiff peaks form.nIn a saucepan, stir the remaining 12 cup sugar into 12 cup water. Put a candy thermometer in the pan and place the pan over mediumhigh heat. When the simple syrup reaches the softball stage 235 to 245 degrees F, immediately pour it into the egg whites while the mixer is on low speed. Once all the syrup is added, turn the mixer to high and whip until the bottom of the bowl is cool, about 15 minutes. Add the butter and whip until smooth and silky. Add the raspberries and vanilla and mix until incorporated.nPut the frosting in a pastry bag with the desired decorating tip. Pipe one low swirl of frosting on top of each cupcake.nRoll out the marzipan with a rolling pin and cut into heart shapes. Dust each heart with silver luster dust and place one in the center of each frosted cupcake., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup ground pistachios, 14 cup almond flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 4 14 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 2 cups canola oil, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 teaspoons almond bakery emulsion, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 drops green coloring, 1 cup egg whites 7 large whites, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 cups sugar, 1 34 pounds 7 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 cups fresh raspberries, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 4 ounces marzipan, Silver luster dust, for dusting marzipan hearts available at craft stores], title: Princess Annie, picturelink: M73WTJqWE6767s2cr5HlIcWcOGMMZ6S}, 55579: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Asian shredder Grill pannUsing a paring knife, cut through the back shell of each shrimp. Remove the dark vein by running your forefinger between the shell and the flesh of each shrimp, keeping the shell intact. Reserve shrimp in a resealable gallon plastic bag.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the lime juice and sugar until the sugar is completely dissolved, then add the fish sauce. Add the garlic, chile, Thai basil, and 1 tablespoon oil. Stir well and pour over the reserved shrimp in the plastic bag. Seal the bag, squeezing out the air. Massage the bag to make sure that all of the shrimp are covered and refrigerate for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nHeat a grill pan over high heat. Oil the grill pan with remaining oil. Grill the shrimp, turning once to prevent burning, until evenly pink and golden on both sides, 2 to 3 minutes. Serve shrimp on large plate over Sour Mango Salad.nMix the mangos, carrots, and chiles in a large bowl.nFor the dressing: in a medium bowl, whisk together the lime, fish sauce, and sugar until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the dressing to the bowl and toss together. Let stand 20 minutes. Drain and serve at room temperature or lightly chilled., ingredients: [24 jumbo tiger shrimp about 10 per pound, deveined, 14 cup fresh lime substitution: lemon juice, 14 cup palm sugar or granulated sugar, 14 cup fish sauce, 1 large garlic clove, finely grated, 1 to 2 fresh red Thai chiles, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 14 cup packed fresh Thai basil, minced substitution: mint or cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Sour Mango Salad, recipe follows, 4 large green mangos, peeled, halved lengthwise, sliced using an Asian shredder or julienned with a knife, 2 large carrots, peeled and julienned, 2 red Thai chiles, stemmed, seeded, and sliced into thin rounds, 14 cup fresh lime juice substitution: lemon juice, 13 cup fish sauce, 13 cup sugar], title: Spicy Thai Basil Grilled Shrimp with Sour Mango Salad, picturelink: p.Z9PadypFJ51kRi1eEjTYJ5SA2qlS}, 55580: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F. Prepare a baking sheet by greasing it with nonstick cooking spray or lining it with parchment paper or aluminum foil.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine all of the ingredients for the meatballs and mix well to combine note that the mixture will be rather wet at first as a result of all the eggs  just keep mixing it and it will come together. Using a large spoon or icecream scoop, portion the mixture into large meatballs about 14 cup each and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Bake the meatballs until golden brown and cooked through, 22 to 25 minutes.nWhile the meatballs are baking, place a medium pot over medium heat with the butter. Add the caraway seeds to the melted butter and toast until aromatic, about 1 minute. Sprinkle the flour over the butter and cook, stirring well, to make a smooth paste, about 1 minute. Add the beef stock to the pot and bring the liquids up to a bubble, whisking frequently. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer the gravy, stirring occasionally, until thickened and aromatic, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the meatballs topped with the gravy and a hearty dollop of lingonberry jam., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground pork, 12 small onion, grated, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons dried sage, Salt and ground black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef stock, Salt and ground black pepper, Lingonberry jam, for serving, optional], title: SuperSized Swedish Meatballs with Toasted Caraway Gravy, picturelink: Be.DUoVArylOrmSl0uBjgmtfYhqzAGC}, 55581: {instructions: Mix together in a small bowl until combined. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace steaks in a shallow baking dish and cover with the steak sauce, let marinate for 2 hours, turning once. Preheat grill. Remove steaks from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumrare doneness. Remove and let rest.nBrush onion slices and tomatoes with olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill on both sides until just cooked through. Place spinach in a large bowl and toss with balsamic vinegar, olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Divide the spinach among 4 large salad dishes or platters. Slice each steak into 12inch thick slices and fan on top of the spinach. Garnish with grilled tomatoes, blue cheese and onions and drizzle with Poblano Vinaigrette.nCombine poblanos, onion and lime juice in a blender and blend until smooth. While the blender is running, add the oil slowly until emulsified. Add the spinach and blend until smooth. Add the honey and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 14 cup horseradish, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 4 rib eye steaks 6 ounces each, 1 cup Mesa Steak sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Vidalia onion, peeled and sliced into 12inch thick slices, 6 plum tomatoes, sliced in half, Olive oil, 1 12 pounds baby spinach, washed, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound Maytag blue cheese, crumbled, 2 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled and seeded, 14 cup chopped red onion, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, 12 cup spinach leaves, 1 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Ribeye Steak Salad with Poblano Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 55582: {instructions: Defrost the container of ice cream in a microwave and stir with a spoon.nFor each serving, cover the bottom of the serving plate with the melted ice cream and place 2 brownie pieces on top. Sprinkle a handful of raspberries over the plate and drizzle some chocolate sauce over the top.nCrush the raspberries with a fork and set aside. Pour a small amount of chocolate sauce on the serving plate and place 2 brownie triangles on top of the sauce. Scoop a serving of ice cream and place it next to the brownie. Using a teaspoon make an indentation in the ice cream and fill it with the crushed raspberries. Finish with a drizzle of chocolate sauce circled around the edge of the plate., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, Homemade or storebought brownies, cut in half, Pint fresh raspberries, Storebought chocolate sauce, Pint fresh raspberries, Storebought chocolate sauce, Homemade or storebought brownies, cut in half diagonally to make triangles, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Plated Brownies  2 Ways, picturelink: null}, 55583: {instructions: Light a fire of mesquite wood or mesquite charcoal, and allow it to burn to coals, either in a barbecue that allows the grill to be placed at least 2 feet above the coals, or in a smaller barbecue, reducing the amount of wood or charcoal so that the coals will not be too hot. A kettle barbecue can be used by arranging some of the coals in the middle and some around the edges as for the indirect method.nIf the meat is not at or under 14inch, pound it between sheets of plastic wrap with a meat pounder until it is the proper thickness. Dont try this with bonein steaks. About 20 minutes before the coals are ready, brush the meat with lime juice and sprinkle on salt to taste. Place the meat over the coals and cook for about 5 minutes turn the meat and cook another 5 minutes. Repeat the process until the fat is well cooked and charred and the meat is tender., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless chuck steaks, eye of chuck steaks or 3 to 4 pounds bonein chuck steaks, cut to less than 14inch thick, 14 cup lime juice, Salt preferably kosher, to taste], title: Agujas, picturelink: null}, 55584: {instructions: For the fennel: In a medium saucepan, cover the fennel with cold salted water. Place over high heat, bring to a boil, and then lower to a simmer. Cook until very tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well and place in a food processor. Add the olive oil, yogurt and salt. Puree until smooth, scraping down the sides as needed.nFor the salmon: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the salmon fillets with the salt. Place the fillets in the pan, fleshside down, and sear undisturbed for 3 to 4 minutes to create a golden brown crust. Gently flip, and cook for another 2 minutes.nSalad: In a small bowl, mix together the chopped fennel fronds and parsley and the crispy capers.nTo plate, spread a little of the fennel puree on each of 4 plates. Top with a salmon fillet. Place a little salad on top of each salmon. Squeeze a bit of lemon over the top if desired. Serve immediately.nHeat 14inch vegetable oil in a small, straightsided skillet over mediumhigh heat until it shimmers when swirled. You can make sure the oil is hot enough by adding one caper to the oil if it immediately starts to sizzle and pop, the oil is hot enough. Add the capers to the hot oil and fry until they have popped open and turned golden brown and crispy, about 1 minute. With a slotted spoon, remove the capers to a papertowellined plate to drain., ingredients: [1 large bulb fennel about 1 pound, cut into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons lowfat plain Greek yogurt, such as Fage, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus for the cooking water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Four 6ounce skinless centercut salmon fillets, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup chopped fennel fronds, 14 cup chopped parsley, 3 tablespoons Crispy Capers, recipe follows, Lemon wedges, optional, 3 tablespoons capers, drained, rinsed and dried very well, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying], title: PanRoasted Salmon with Fennel Puree, picturelink: Vjb2QF4qIZMsMUdJ2XqqQRUmC820Jbq}, 55585: {instructions: Bring the beef stock to a boil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Immediately lower to a simmer and cook until reduced to 12 cup, about 45 minutes. Set aside.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the strip steaks with the salt and pepper and let sit for 15 minutes.nPlace the steaks on the grill, evenly spaced, and grill for 2 12 minutes rotate a quarter turn and cook another 2 12 minutesu00bfthis creates crosshatch sear marks. Flip the steaks and repeat on the reverse side. Remove steaks to a baking sheet and let rest for 4 to 5 minutes.nCombine 2 tablespoons of the butter, the shallots and the fivepeppercorn blend in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the shallots and peppercorns are fragrant and the butter is beginning to bubble. Off the heat, add the brandy and the red wine. Carefully place the saucepan back on the burner and allow the brandy and wine to flame. Add the reduced beef stock and the heavy whipping cream, bring to a boil and immediately lower to a simmer. Cook until the liquid has reduced by twothirds, about 8 to 10 minutes. Prior to serving, whisk the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into the sauce, then remove from the heat.nWith a sharp knife, slice the steaks 12inch thick on the bias. Transfer to a large serving platter and spoon over the fivepeppercorn sauce. Garnish with the minced parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups lowsodium beef stock, Four 16ounce New York strip steaks, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh cracked fivepeppercorn blend, 12 cup brandy, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley], title: Grilled New York Strip Steak with FivePeppercorn Sauce, picturelink: oj2OibXJO1usGOMnGkbmuiF6slBssm2}, 55586: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nToast the pistachios in a dry skillet over a mediumhigh heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set aside to cool. Chop coarsely.nCut each fig in half crosswise and place the fig pieces on a serving dish, cut side up. Make a small indentation into the cut side of each fig half with a small spoon or your finger. Put 12 teaspoon of the ricotta cheese onto each piece of fig and top with a pistachio. Drizzle with honey and serve., ingredients: [14 cup shelled, unsalted pistachios, 8 dried figs, 14 cup partskim ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Figs with Ricotta, Pistachio, and Honey, picturelink: TOnRqfq.XAAq.op4VACWbYc4Sb1YvyO}, 55587: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9by13inch baking dish with the butter.nOil the sliced sweet potatoes and onions with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the sweet potatoes and onions until slightly charred on each side and just halfway cooked. Set aside.nCombine the halfandhalf, horseradish, thyme, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a bowl. Sprinkle onethird of the Gruyere in an even layer over the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Layer onethird of the grilled sweet potatoes and onions on top of the Gruyere. Repeat twiceu00bfonethird of the cheese, onethird of the vegetablesu00bfto create three even cheesevegetable layers. Pour the halfandhalf mixture over the top, cover with foil and bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until the sweet potatoes are tender and the gratin is golden brown, another 15 to 20 minutes. Let rest for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 4 medium or 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled, sliced into 12inchthick rounds, 2 medium or 1 large Vidalia onion, peeled, sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups halfandhalf, 4 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 8 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated about 2 cups], title: Sweet PotatoOnion Gratin, picturelink: LuoBxiokQmJkq6P0KCv1yCoQMldooly}, 55588: {instructions: Hominy Croutons:nHeat oil in a small saute pan. Cook onions and garlic until soft. Add wine and reduce by half. Place the water in a medium saucepan and add 2 tablespoons of salt, bring to a boil. Slowly whisk in the cornmeal and cook for, 15 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and spread into a buttered 11 by 17 inch baking sheet. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour. Heat the oil in a cast iron skillet or a deep fry to 350 degrees F. Cut the polenta into 12inch squares. Dredge lightly in cornmeal and fry in batches until golden brown.nParmesan Crisps:nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Combine the cheese and flour in a medium bowl. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the cheese into the pan to form a 4inch circle. Cook until the cheese is somewhat melted but not firm. Using a spatula, turn the cheese over and cook until firm. Drape the crisp over a large rolling pin until cool. Repeat.nSalad:nPut all ingredients except oil in a blender and blend until smooth. Slowly add the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the romaine in a large bowl and toss with some of the dressing. Divide among 4 plates. Scatter croutons around and place a Parmesan crisp in the center of the salad.nPork:nSeason pork with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a large saute pan until almost smoking. Cook the pork for 3 to 4 minutes on 1 side or until golden brown, turn over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking to medium doneness. Remove to a plate and keep warm. Pour off all but 2 tablespoons of the fat. Add the garlic and onions and cook until soft. Add the wine and cook until reduced by half. Add the stock and cook to a sauce consistency. Whisk in the mustards and thyme and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup white wine, 3 12 cups water, 1 cup white cornmeal, plus 1 cup for dredging the croutons, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups canola oil, 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup grated Asiago cheese, 1 tablespoon flour, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon pureed canned chipotles, Few dashes Worcestershire, Few drops hot pepper sauce, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon capers, 4 anchovy fillets, 8 cloves garlic, roasted, 34 cups olive oil, 5 cups romaine lettuce, torn into bite sized pieces, 4 1 12inch thick centercut loin pork chops, with bone, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup finely chopped red onions, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon coarsegrained mustard, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme], title: Sauteed Pork Chops with Mustard Sauce with Caeser Salad with Parmesan Crisps and Hominy Croutons, picturelink: null}, 55589: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nToast the almonds on a baking sheet in the oven until they are golden brown, about 10 minutes. Cool and then coarsely chop, either by hand or in a food processor.nPut the egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer and add the salt. On the second highest speed of the mixer, beat the egg whites until they come to medium peaks. With the mixer running, gently sprinkle in the sugar and cinnamon. Beat until stiff peaks form, then remove the bowl from the mixer. Gently fold in the chopped almonds in 3 additions.nDrop the batter in 1inch balls, onto 2 parchmentlined cookie sheets. Bake until light brown all over, firm to the touch, and they lift cleanly off the baking sheet, 35 to 40 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through. Remove from the oven and cool on the baking sheets. These cookies can be stored in an airtight container for up to a week.nCooks Note: Try to avoid baking these cookies on a wet and humid day as the crisp exterior of the cookie will slowly melt into something soft and sticky., ingredients: [2 cups sliced blanched almonds, 4 large egg whites, Pinch kosher salt, 34 cups granulated sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon], title: Meringue Cookies, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 55590: {instructions: Serving Suggestion: Pint of fresh strawberries or 12 pint raspberries or blackberries, for garnishnIn a medium bowl, whisk the cornstarch into the cream. Let rest for 1 minute, then whisk again. Whisk in the yolks, eggs, and vanilla.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the water, sugar, vinegar, and butter to a boil.nWhile whisking constantly, slowly drizzle the hot liquid into the egg mixture. Return to the saucepan and, while whisking constantly and scraping the bottom of the pot, cook until tiny bubbles boil up, about 10 seconds. Strain the curd into a bowl and let cool to room temperature. Spread the cooled filling in the pie shell, then refrigerate for 2 hours.nDecorate with berries, if you like.nPie Shell:n3 tablespoons solid vegetable shorteningn1 12 cups allpurpose flourn12 cup 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into peasize bitsn2 to 3 tablespoons ice waternNonstick vegetable spray, for coating pannBetween 2 sheets of waxed paper, flatten the shortening out to 18inch thickness. With a butter knife, score it into 12inch squares. Freeze for 30 minutes, until stiff.nPut the flour in a large bowl. Using an electric mixer, pastry blender, or your fingertips, work in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. In the same manner, mix in the shortening squares. While sprinkling in the ice water, mix with your fingers just until the dough comes together in a ball. Pat it into a 34inchthick disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, or overnight.nSet a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.nLightly coat a 9inch pie pan with nonstick vegetable spray.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into an 11 12inch circle about 18 inch thick. Fit it into a 9inch pie plate. Trim the dough, leaving about a 1inch overhang, then fold the overhang under itself and decoratively crimp it against the rim of the plate. Prick the dough all over with a fork. Freeze for 20 minutes.nLine the pie shell with aluminum foil and weight down with dried beans or pie weights. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove the foil with the weights, lower the temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for 8 minutes longer, or until lightly tanned. Set on a rack to cool.nWhen lemons were out of season, or just too expensive, millions of bakers figured out how to make a tart curdstyle pie filling with vinegar. Cheap and always available, it turned out to be just the right stuff for adding some pucker to a pie. Jerry Lewis yes, that Jerry Lewis often reminisced about the wonderful vinegar pie that his grandma used to bake.nO.K., this pie may sound a little...er, different, but dont be deterred. It was a real favorite a hundred years ago and if there ever was a pie that was deserving of rediscovery, this scrumptious oldtime favorite is it. Of course Grandma Lewis didnt know about fancypant balsamic vinegar but that wont stop us from going upscale. Try it and get ready for a newfangled flavor surprise. On its own, vinegar pie is truly amazing. Topped with fresh berries, its the eighth wonder of the world., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cornstarch, 34 cup light cream, 6 large egg yolks, 3 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup balsamic vinegar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 prebaked 9inch pie shell, recipe follows], title: Vinegar Pie, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 55591: {instructions: Wash and trim the leeks and slice the white parts very finely. Melt the butter in a saucepan large enough to contain all the ingredients and stew the leeks until soft. Add the potatoes and stir to mix. Pour in the stock and season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then simmer 40 minutes.nAllow to cool a little, then whizz the whole lot in a blender until smooth. Leave to get cold, and stir in the cream. Check the seasoning, adding some pepper. Chill thoroughly for 6 hours to overnight. Serve in nice little bowls with snipped chives sprinkled on top., ingredients: [6 good size leeks, 2 ounces unsalted butter, 6 medium potatoes, peeled and finely sliced, 2 pints 4 cups chicken stock or water, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 6 fluid ounces thick cream, Fresh chives], title: Creme Vichyssoise Glacee, picturelink: null}, 55592: {instructions: In a covered pot, steam clams and mussels with white wine until shells open, about 5 minutes. Strain and reserve broth.nMeanwhile, fill a stockpot with water and bring to a rolling boil. Add salt and orzo and boil for about 8 minutes. Carefully drain in a colander the orzo can slip through colander holes if they are too big.nHeat oil in a large skillet or paella pan over moderate heat. Add onions and saute until soft, about 10 minutes. Add garlic and saute another 2 minutes to release aromas. Stir in bell peppers, chiles and tomatoes and cook another 2 to 3 minutes, or until slightly softened. Stir in shrimp and cook until shrimp turn pinkorange, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add peas, saffron, oregano, coriander and reserved broth from mussels and clams. Simmer for a few minutes.nStir in orzo and heat through, adding clam juice or fish stock as needed to make a soupy texture. Stir in clams and mussels. Adjust seasoning.nTo serve, spoon hot paella into serving bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small clams, 1 12 pounds mussels, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 12 pounds orzo, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 1 green bell pepper, sliced, 1 to 2 Serrano chiles, seeded and minced, 3 large tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup fresh or frozen peas, Pinch saffron, 1 bunch fresh oregano, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 to 2 cups clam juice or fish stock, warmed, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Pasta Paella with Orzo, picturelink: null}, 55593: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Beat the egg white with the vanilla extract, add the almonds and stir to coat. Combine the sugar, salt, and cinnamon and combine with mixture. Place in a single layer on a greased baking sheet. Bake at 300 degrees F for 20 minutes. Remove and cool on wax paper and break into clusters., ingredients: [1 egg white, beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 cups whole almonds, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Vanilla Almonds, picturelink: 0i2R4bxhsAq.MyCVhK2UemyM88Rn5Hi}, 55594: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F 160 degrees C.nFor the recado: Using a food processor, reduce the annatto, coriander seeds, peppercorns, cinnamon, salt, cloves, garlic, oregano and chile to form a paste. Add the juice and pulse until combined.nRub the pork shoulder with some of the recado. Lay half the banana leaves in a roasting pan. Put the pork shoulder on the banana leaves and cover with the remaining leaves. Pour the remaining recado on top. Cover with a lid or aluminum foil and bake in the oven until the meat falls off the bone, about 6 hours.nMeanwhile, for the mild salsa: Mix together the olive oil, cilantro, onions and orange juice. Season with salt and pepper. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nFor the spicy salsa: Mix together the tomatoes, lime zest and juice, cilantro, chile and onions. Season with salt and pepper. Keep in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nServe the pork with baguette sections or tortillas, add a ladle of the sauce and garnish with the salsas., ingredients: [1 tablespoon annatto ground achiote seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 whole cloves, ground, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, roughly chopped, 1 habanero chile, seeded and chopped, Juice of 8 limes or bitter oranges, or white wine vinegar, One 4pound2 kg bonein pork shoulder, 8 banana leaves, soaked, 2 tablespoons30 ml olive oil, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves finely chopped, 1 habanero chile, seeded and diced, 1 red onion, diced, Juice of 1 seville orange or 2 limes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tomatoes, seeded and diced, Zest and juice of 3 limes or 2 seville oranges, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 1 onion, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 sections of baguette or tortillas], title: Walters Cochinita Pibil, picturelink: null}, 55595: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the pork loin with the Chinese fivespice powder, salt and pepper.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat with the oil until it begins to smoke. Sear the pork on all sides until caramelized, and set aside.nReturn the pan to the heat and lower to medium. Add the tarragon, thyme and garlic and cook until the garlic is lightly browned. Add the vermouth and chicken stock and reduce the liquid by half. Stir in the cream, horseradish and mustard, and season with salt and pepper.nPlace the roast in the center of a large baking dish or shallow casserole dish large enough to fit it comfortably with room on the sides. Place the apples and onions in the dish, along with the tarragon sprigs on top of the vegetables. Spoon the liquid from the pan over the roast and place in the oven.nCook the roast until the internal temperature reads 150 degrees F, about 12 minutes per pound. Allow to rest for 15 minutes before serving.nTop with the Gremolata and serve.nCombine the parsley, olive oil, pistachios, breadcrumbs, garlic, lemon zest and some salt and pepper in a bowl., ingredients: [One 3pound pork loin, trussed, 2 teaspoons Chinese fivespice powder, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, plus 2 whole sprigs, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 2 cups dry vermouth, 2 tablespoons chicken stock, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons grated horseradish, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 apples, quartered, 2 Spanish onions, quartered, in the skins, Gremolata, recipe follows, for garnish, 12 cup fresh parsley, chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup toasted pistachios, 2 tablespoons toasted breadcrumbs, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 lemons, zested, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Spanish Onion and Vermouth, picturelink: KwyvSjdYNXTVokxWkb.dKJHszhNkt6}, 55596: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the fries in a bowl and drizzle over the melted butter, olive oil, seasoned salt and pepper to taste, and toss together. Tip onto a baking sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes. Sprinkle over the parsley before serving., ingredients: [4 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into thin fries, 12 stick butter, melted, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons seasoned salt, Ground pepper, Minced fresh parsley], title: Sweet Potato Fries, picturelink: zC09g99iCxievmMjRWTUrs.ZxVBwdO}, 55597: {instructions: For the gelato sundaes: Top the cookies with a large scoop of pistachio gelato, drizzle with hot fudge and sprinkle with pistachios.nFor the sorbetto sundaes: Mix together the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice in a bowl and let macerate for 15 minutes. Place a large scoop of lemon sorbetto on each cookie and top with some of the strawberries and their juices and garnish with mint sprigs., ingredients: [6 store or bakerybought vanilla or anise flavored pizzelle, Pistachio or hazelnut gelato, Hot fudge sauce, heated, Chopped pistachios and hazelnuts, 1 pint fresh strawberries, sliced, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Lemon sorbetto, Fresh mint sprigs], title: Gelato or Sorbetto on Pizzelle Cookies Sundaes, picturelink: wNFwg94imaBMl2yGJcc4zFpnUqSSM2}, 55598: {instructions: Choose a broad, shallow pan with a steaming rack that fits snugly. Be sure you also have a lid that will fit snugly over the steaming pan. Arrange the seafood on a heatproof plate that fits into the steamer. Sprinkle the seafood with salt, pepper, and any preferred seasonings. Bring the water to a boil in the steamer, set the plate of seafood on the steamer rack. Put the rack over the boiling water and cover tightly with the lid. Steam the seafood until it is cook and the shells open.nIn a small pan, saute the butter and garlic until bubbly, then transfer to a dipping bowl and place on a platter.nPlace the seafood on a platter next to the dipping sauce and garnish with some lemon slices., ingredients: [2 yabbies substitute 2 small lobsters, 2 black mussels, 2 rock oysters, 6 prawns, shelled and deveined, Salt and pepper, Preferred seasonings, 14 cup butter, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 lemon, sliced], title: Sydney Seafood Platter, picturelink: null}, 55599: {instructions: Bring 18 ounces of cold water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the tea bags and let steep for 10 minutes. Remove the bags and discard.nPour the wine into a large container or pitcher. Add the tea, grapefruit juice, pisco, half of the diced mango and all of the orange slices. Cover and let sit in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nJust before serving, add the remaining diced mango and the berries. Serve very cold over ice., ingredients: [12 cup simple syrup or more to taste, 3 hibiscus tea bags, such as Republic of Tea, 2 bottles sauvignon blanc make sure the description is full of grapefruit and citrus scents, 2 cups ruby red grapefruit juice, 1 14 cups pisco, 1 small mango, peeled, pitted and cut into small dice, 1 small orange, halved and thinly sliced, 1 cup raspberries or blackberries, or a mixture of both, Ice, for serving], title: Hibiscus Tea Sangria, picturelink: null}, 55600: {instructions: Preheat heat oven to 375 degrees F.nCut pitas into 8 wedges. Pour olive oil into a bowl and add garlic, salt and pepper. Brush pita chips olive oil and garlic mixture. Arrange pita chips on baking sheet and bake for 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 pitas, cut into 8 wedges, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, smashed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Homemade Pita Chips, picturelink: uqxxDpgo6aZmk92sgChhRoPCq23f2n.}, 55601: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the ciabatta on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon each oregano and basil. Bake until golden brown, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and anchovies and cook, stirring often, until the garlic is golden and the anchovies break down, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes, their juices and 12 cup water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until saucy, about 10 minutes. Stir in the olives, capers, red pepper flakes and the remaining 1 tablespoon each oregano and basil simmer 2 minutes.nSeason the fish with salt and pepper and arrange on top of the sauce in the skillet. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the fish is just cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes. Divide the bread among 4 shallow bowls top with the fish and puttanesca sauce.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 1inchthick slices ciabatta bread, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 3 cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 4 anchovy fillets, 1 28ounce can nosaltadded whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved, 2 tablespoons capers, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 4 cod fillets about 1 12 inches thick 6 ounces each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cod Puttanesca, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 55602: {instructions: In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, allspice, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg, baking powder, and salt reserve. In a large bowl, using an electric mixer set on mediumhigh speed, beat together the butter, brown sugar, and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolk and vanilla and beat well. Beat in the pumpkin puree. Reduce the speed to low and add the flour mixture in 3 batches, mixing well after each addition. Turn out the dough onto a lightly floured surface, divide in half, flatten each half into a disk, wrap separately in plastic wrap, and chill for 30 minutes. Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. On a lightly floured surface, roll out 1 of the disks 18inch thick. Using a pumpkinshaped cookie cutter or cardboard Jackolantern template 5 to 6 inches in diameter, cut out cookies. If using the cookie cutter, finish off the Jackolantern by cutting out eyes and a mouth with the tip of a sharp knife. Repeat with the remaining dough. Transfer the cookies to the prepared baking sheets. Bake until golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Decorate with colored sugarschocolates.nPreheat an oven to 400 degrees. Brush a baking sheet with the oil.nCut the pumpkin in half horizontally and scoop out the seeds and strings save the seeds for roasting. Place the pumpkin halves cut side down on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the flesh is soft when pierced with a fork, 45 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nScoop out the flesh into a food processor or blender. Puree until smooth. Spoon the pumpkin puree into a sieve placed over a large bowl. Let the pumpkin drain for 30 minutes before using. Cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week, or freeze up to 1 year., ingredients: [2 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons butter 34 stick, softened, 12 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg yolk, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup unsweetened pumpkin puree, recipe to follow, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pumpkin, such as Jack Be Little, Munchkin, or Spookie, 2 pounds], title: JackOLantern Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55603: {instructions: Cook or steam rice in water according to package directions. Let cool and transfer to a portable bowl. Mix coconut milk and brown sugar pour over rice. Add mango and mix well. Sprinkle with crystallized ginger and mix again., ingredients: [1 cup jasmine rice, 34 cup canned coconut milk, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 ripe mango, diced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger], title: Mango Sticky Rice, picturelink: null}, 55604: {instructions: Cook 1 12 cups large black tapioca in boiling water, 6 minutes cover and let sit off the heat, 30 minutes. Bring 1 cup each water and sugar to a boil transfer to a bowl. Drain the tapioca and soak in the sugar syrup. To serve, put 14 cup tapioca in a glass. Shake 1 cup cold green tea, 3 tablespoons soaking syrup, 14 cup milk and 1 tablespoon sugar with ice pour over the tapioca.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Bubble Tea, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 55605: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the eggplant into 15 pieces, brush with olive oil, place on cookie sheet, and sprinkle with salt. Bake for 25 minutes and let cool.nCut the baguette into 13s and slice in 12 for sandwiches. Slice green and red peppers, discarding stems and seeds. Slice the tomatoes and red onion and set aside. Mix goat and feta cheese together, set aside. In separate bowls place oregano, salt, pepper and olive oil.nSpread goat and feta cheese mix on 1 side of baguette and brush other side lightly with olive oil. Spread 5 pieces of eggplant on baguette, generous amounts of red and green peppers, tomatoes, red onion, and cilantro. Lastly, sprinkle with oregano, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [1 whole eggplant, 1 teaspoon olive oil, plus more for brushing, Salt, 1 baguette, 2 green bell peppers, 2 red bell peppers, 2 tomatoes, 1 red onion, 14 cup feta cheese, 14 cup goat cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, Pepper, 1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, chopped], title: Eggplant Sandwich, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 55606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the shrimp in a small bowl and add 12 of the jalapeno, 2 teaspoons lemon oil, and salt and pepper, to taste, and toss to combine. In a second bowl, mix the tomatoes with 2 teaspoons oil and salt and pepper, to taste. Put the diced avocado in a third bowl, add the remaining 2 teaspoons lemon oil, remaining 12 of the jalapeno, salt and pepper, to taste, and toss well.nTo assemble, divide 34 of the shrimp among 4 short 6ounce widerimmed glasses. Top the shrimp in each glass with 14 of the tomatoes, followed by 14 of the avocado. Finely chop the remaining shrimp to garnish each glass and sprinkle the chives evenly over each salad. Alternately, you can layer this salad in a large glass trifle bowl, to share. Serve immediately or chill and serve within 1 hour., ingredients: [12 ounces cooked chilled shrimp, chopped, 2 fresh jalapenos, seeded, ribbed and finely chopped divided, 6 teaspoons lemon flavored olive oil, divided, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 medium vineripened tomatoes, seeded and diced, 1 to 2 avocados, peeled, pitted, and diced, Chopped chives, for garnish], title: Layered Shrimp Salad, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 55607: {instructions: Preheat a deep fryer or a deep pot halfway filled with oil to 325 degrees F.nPeel the potatoes and with a knife, cut the potatoes into 12inch strips or batonettes. Blanch the potatoes in the oil until just starting to turn golden, about 1 12 minutes. Remove and drain. Raise the temperature of the oil to 360 degrees F. Add the potatoes back to the hot oil and fry until golden brown and crispy. Drain and place on a paper towel lined plate. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [2 Yukon gold potatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Batonette Pommes Frites, picturelink: null}, 55608: {instructions: Prepare the grill pan and let it get smoking hot. Pour a tablespoon of the olive oil on one side of the meat and rub in. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Sprinkle half of the oregano on top and lightly press into meat. Flip and repeat process on the other side. Grill, turning once, for about 10 minutes or until done to your taste. Let rest for a few minutes before serving.nWhile steak is cooking, heat the remaining oil until hot in a large saute pan. Add the garlic and saute about 1 minute, or until light brown. Add the greens and toss occasionally. After about 3 minutes the greens will have cooked down. Season with a large pinch of salt and cook another 3 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool. Splash with vinegar to taste.nCut the flank steak across the grain into 14inch slices. Serve with the greens and finish with drizzle of hot sauce, as desired., ingredients: [1 2 lb. flank steak, 6 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil, Gray salt, freshlyground black pepper, 3 Tbs. dried oregano, 1 Tbs. minced garlic, 12 cups of greens mustard, chard or spinach, washed, red wine vinegar, hot sauce optional], title: Grilled Flank Steak with Mustard Greens, picturelink: null}, 55609: {instructions: Special equipment: blendernAdd 4 cups of water to a medium pot over high heat and bring to a boil. Put the ancho chiles in a medium bowl and pour in the boiling water. Use a plate to weigh down the chiles so they remain submerged. Soak until softened, about 20 minutes. Add the chiles, garlic, 2 tablespoons of the chile soaking water, and the sour cream to a blender and blitz until smooth. Add more of the soaking water, if needed, for consistency. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a bowl or jar and store covered in the refrigerator., ingredients: [4 cups water, 4 ancho chiles dried poblanos, stems and seeds removed, 3 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons chile soaking water, or more as needed, 1 12 cups sour cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Chile Fire and Ice Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55610: {instructions: For the crust: In a small bowl, combine the yeast with the warm water. Let sit until it foams. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the yeast mixture with the flour and salt. Mix until a smooth dough forms. The dough should be soft, not sticky if its sticky add more flour.nTake the dough out of the mixing bowl, lay it on a flat surface and cover with a damp towel. Let the dough rest like this for at least 1 hour. After 1 hour, divide the dough into 2 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and place on a flat surface. Cover each ball with a small amount of olive oil, cover with plastic wrap and let sit at room temperature for another 30 minutes. Transfer the dough to a flat surface covered with flour. Stretch each of the dough balls into a 12inch round pizza crust.nFor the sauce: In a large saucepan, combine the olive oil and garlic. Heat on medium heat until the garlic is fragrant. Add the crushed tomatoes, basil, crushed red pepper and salt. Stir together and let simmer for at least 30 minutes. Take the sauce off the stove and let cool completely. Once the sauce is cool, add all the dried ground peppers. Yes, that is a lot of heatnFor the topping: Preheat a pizza stone in the oven to 450 degrees F. Cover each pizza crust with 12 cup of sauce. Top each pizza with 4 ounces mozzarella. Cover the cheese with fresh sliced habanero and jalapeno peppers to taste. For more intense heat, pile them on Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Strap on your seatbelt and enjoy, ingredients: [1 packet active dry yeast, 1 cup warm water, 3 cups flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, Olive oil, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon fresh basil or 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon dried ground bhut jolokia ghost peppers, 1 tablespoon dried ground habanero pepper, 1 tablespoon dried ground jalapeno pepper, 1 tablespoon dried ground red savina pepper, 8 ounces shredded mozzarella, Fresh sliced habanero peppers, Fresh sliced jalapeno peppers], title: Il Diavolo Pizza, picturelink: lUiH9fFTyZsnq7izwummjfdtsiBr6u}, 55611: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine the tomatoes, parsley, capers, oil, garlic, lemon zest and juice, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper.nSeason the salmon on both sides with salt and pepper. Place each salmon fillet on a sheet of aluminum foil and top with a few tablespoons of the tomato mixture. Fold the foil sheets into packets. If making this recipe in advance, store the packets on a baking sheet in the refrigerator until time to grill.nPlace the packets on the grill and cover. Cook 10 to 12 minutes for medium., ingredients: [1 pint grape tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons capers, rinsed and chopped, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Six 4ounce salmon fillets, Prepare a grill for medium heat.], title: Salmon with Tomatoes and Capers in Foil, picturelink: z5akJuU5ny82Cylj0BfuC4Y9rMbGK4O}, 55612: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace bread in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade pulse until fine crumbs form. Transfer to a medium bowl, and add ground beef.nPlace onion, garlic, celery, carrots, and parsley in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade pulse until fine. Add to meat mixture, using hands to mix well. Add egg, 12 cup ketchup, 2 teaspoons dry mustard, salt, and pepper use hands to combine thoroughly. Place in an 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12inch loaf pan.nCombine remaining 12 cup ketchup, remaining teaspoon dry mustard, and brown sugar in a bowl stir until smooth.nBrush mixture over meatloaf place in the oven with a baking pan set on the rack below to catch drippings. Cook until a meat thermometer inserted in the center reads 160 degrees F about 90 minutes. If top gets too dark, cover with foil, and continue baking., ingredients: [4 slices white bread, torn into pieces, 2 12 pounds ground beef, 1 medium yellow onion, peeled and cut into 18s, 2 cloves garlic, 2 stalks celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 12 cup flatleaf parsley leaves, 1 large egg, 1 cup ketchup, 3 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Meatloaf 101, picturelink: null}, 55613: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch square baking pan, preferably nonstick, buttered on sides only one sheet pan, lined with aluminum foilnPlace the yeast and warm water in a small bowl and stir with a fork to dissolve the yeast. Allow it to stand for about 3 minutes.nMix the flour and salt together in a large bowl. Add the warm water and the yeast mixture and stir with your fingers to moisten the flour, scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the dough over itself until it gathers into a shaggy mass.nMove the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead it by hand for 5 minutes. This is a soft, moist dough. If the dough seems too stiff and hard to knead, add extra warm water 1 tablespoon at a time until you get a nice malleable dough. Gently shape the dough into a loose ball, cover it with plastic, and let it rest on the table for 20 minutes. This rest period is the autolyse.nGently knead the dough on the lightly floured surface for 1 to 2 more minutes, or until it becomes smooth, supple, and elastic but not too firm. The texture of the dough should be soft but springy. Shape the dough into a loose ball, place it in a lightly oiled bowl, and turn to coat the top with oil. Cover it tightly with plastic wrap and let it rise at room temperature 75 to 77 degrees F until it has doubled in volume, about 1 12 to 2 hours.nWhile the dough is rising in a small saucepan, heat the 9 tablespoons butter and the dark brown sugar over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the butter has melted and the sugar is completely moistened it wont be dissolved, then whisk until the mixture looks silky and a little lighter in color. Use 1 tablespoon softened butter to grease the sides of a 9inch square pan, then pour in the caramel, tilting the pan slightly so the mixture spreads evenly over the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle the toasted pecans over the warm caramel and press them down slightly. Put the pan in the refrigerator to cool the caramel be the pans on a level surface. Put the granulated sugar and cinnamon in a small bowl and stir until evenly mixed. Set aside.nWhen the dough has doubled, gently pour it out of the bowl onto the floured work surface. Flatten the dough and stretch it with your fingers to form a 13 by 10inch rectangle, with a longside facing you. Work gently so you dont tear the dough surface. The dough should stretch easily at this point, but if it resists, let it rest for 5 minutes and resume stretching. Check to be sure the dough isnt sticking to the work surface flour the table again, if necessary.nSpread 3 tablespoons of the softened butter evenly over the dough, leaving a 12inch strip unbuttered along the top edge. Sprinkle the cinnamonsugar mixture generously and evenly over the butter, again leaving the top 12inch of the rectangle bare. Starting with the bottom edge, roll up the dough jellyroll fashion into a long log. If the dough sticks to the table as youre rolling, use a dough scraper to loosen it gently. Pinch gently but firmly along the seam to seal it. If necessary, gently shape the roll so it is a nice uniform log.nTake the caramellined pan out of the refrigerator. Cut the log of dough into 9 equal pieces. Its easiest to mark the roll first to show where youre going to make the cutsa slight indentation with the knife edge will dothen use a sharp serrated knife to cut completely through the dough. Lay the pieces cut side down on top of the caramel. Dont worry if its a tight fit. Let rise, uncovered, at room temperature until the dough has almost doubled, about 1 to 1 14 hours. The rolls should fill the pan and extend 12 to 34inch above it. In the meantime, position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the pan of sticky buns on a foillined baking sheet and place it in the oven. Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for 30 to 40 minutes longer, until the tops of the buns are golden brown and crusty. Its important to bake the buns long enough so the dough is cooked all the way through and the caramel topping develops properly. Set the pan of buns on a rack to cool for 5 minutes. Then quickly but carefully turn the pan upsidedown and release the sticky buns onto a large flat heatproof plate. Immediately scrape out any hot caramel remaining in the bottom of the pan and spread it on the tops of the buns, filling in any bare spots. Let them cool until just warm before serving. Clean the pan by soaking it in very hot water to dissolve the caramel. Store any leftovers covered in plastic wrap at room temperature., ingredients: [2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 14 cup 2 ounces very warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 5 13 cups 24 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 14 teaspoons Kosher salt, 2 cups 16 ounces warm water 90 degrees F, 9 tablespoons 4 12 ounces unsalted butter, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon 5 ounces dark brown sugar, firmly packed, 4 tablespoons 2 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 23 cup plus 1 tablespoon 2 34 ounces pecan pieces, toasted, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon 2 12 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Pecan Sticky Buns, picturelink: null}, 55614: {instructions: Preheat over to 375 degrees F.nFill a large stovetop pot with water and bring to a boil. Brown meat in a large nonstick fry pan at mediumhigh heat until meat is no longer pink. Add onion flakes, Italian seasoning, and red pepper flakes while meat is browning. Place macaroni in boiling water. Cook for 5 minutes you want the pasta very firm.nWhile the macaroni and meat are cooking, mix together mayonnaise, sour cream and garlic and herb seasoning mix in a small mixing bowl to make veggie dip. Let stand in refrigerator. Rinse veggies and arrange on serving plate. When timer rings for pasta, drain, and then rinse in colander.nLayer the following ingredients into a large cake or lasagna pan in this order: 12 of the fully cooked beef, 12 of the cooked macaroni, 12 pasta sauce and 12 cheese. Repeat again. Bake uncovered in preheated oven. Set timer for 20 minutes or until top layer of cheese is bubbly., ingredients: [Water, as needed, 1 pound extralean ground beef, 3 tablespoons frozen chopped onions, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 to 2 12 cups whole wheat macaroni, 12 cup lowfat mayonnaise, 12 cup lowfat sour cream, 12 teaspoon supermarketstyle garlic and herb seasoning mix, 1 12 pounds precut mixed vegetables about 6 cups celery, cauliflower, broccoli, and carrots, 1 24 to 28ounce jar of your favorite pasta sauce, 2 cups grated lowfat cheddar], title: Macaroni Lasagna with Veggies and Dip, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 55615: {instructions: Melt butter in milk and cool to lukewarm. Place water in a warm large mixing bowl, sprinkle in yeast, and stir until dissolved add milk mixture and sugar. By hand, beat 2 12 cups flour in until smooth mix in eggs, salt, and spices. Mix in remaining flour, adding a little extra, if needed, to form a soft but manageable dough. Knead lightly 1 minute on a floured pastry cloth shape into a ball, place in a greased large bowl, cover, and let rise in a warm, draftfree spot until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.nPunch dough down, roll 12inch thick on pastry cloth, using a floured, stockinettecovered rolling pin. Cut with a floured doughnut cutter and place 1 12inches apart on ungreased baking sheets. Reroll and cut scraps. Cover with cloth and let double in bulk.nMeanwhile, begin heating fat in a deep fat fryer. When doughnuts have risen and fat has reached 375 degrees F, ease 4 doughnuts into fat, 1 at a time. Fry about 2 minutes until golden brown all over, using tongs to turn. Drain on paper toweling.nWhile doughnuts are warm, roll in topping.nJelly Doughnuts: Prepare as directed, but roll dough 14inch thick instead of 12inch. Cut in 2 12inch rounds and put 1 teaspoonful tart jelly in the center of 12 the rounds. Top with remaining rounds, moisten touching edges slightly, and pinch to seal. Let rise, then fry as directed. Roll in confectioners sugar while still warm.nCrullers: Prepare as directed, but instead of cutting into doughnuts, cut in strips 8inches long and 12 to 34inch wide let rise, then twist strips several times and pinch ends. Fry at once and roll in topping while still warm., ingredients: [14 cup butter or margarine, 23 cup scalded milk, 23 cup warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 2 packets active dry yeast, 34 cup sugar, 5 cups sifted flour approximately, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cardamom, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon mace, Vegetable shortening or cooking oil, for deep fat frying, 12 cup superfine sugar mixed with 1 teaspoon cinnamon], title: OldFashioned YeastRaised Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 55616: {instructions: To make the lobster: Have ready a large bowl filled with ice. Fill a very large widebottomed pot with water and add the vinegar, carrots, onion, celery, anise seed, fennel seed, coriander seed, bay leaf, and cayenne. Bring to a boil, submerge the lobsters cook one at a time if they dont all fit in the pot and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the lobsters and immediately place in the ice bath to stop further cooking.nLay a lobster on a towel pull the legs off and snap off the knuckles. Remove the thin part of the claws and the bone inside the claw meat by twisting and pulling it out. Lay the claw flat on a towel, cover, and gently pound with a wide mallet or heel of a knife. Use your fingers to gently push the meat through the large opening at the other end. Lay the tail meat flat and use shears to cut in half lengthwise through the middle. Remove the vein running through the inside of the tail but leave the meat inside the tail.nFor the knuckles, cut off the top joint of each knuckle and use scissors to cut away the shell along the smooth outside edge of the knuckle. Use your finger to open up the shell and remove the meat. Reserve the meat on a paper towel, cover, and refrigerate.nFor the body, pull back and discard the sack behind the head. Save the dark green roe for a sauce and the body and legs for a stock, if you want. Discard the tomalley and lungs.nTo make the beurre fondue: Heat the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the anise seed, fennel seed, star anise, cayenne, and coriander, and saute for a few more minutes. Add the wine bring to a boil for 2 minutes. Add the butter pieces gradually and whisk consistently to obtain and emulsify the beurre fondue. Strain out the shallots. Add the tarragon. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nTo make the muscade de Provence ravioli: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSplit the pumpkin and remove the seeds. Set the pieces on a roasting rack in a roasting pan. Dab pieces of the butter on the individual pieces of pumpkin. Drizzle the honey over the pieces, season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg, and set the cinnamon stick on one of the pumpkin halves. Pour the water in the pan and cover with aluminum foil. Bake until the pumpkin is very soft, about 1 hour. Let cool in the pan, reserving the liquid in the pan. Scrape the flesh from the rind discard the rind and the cinnamon stick. Blend the pumpkin with the remaining liquid in the pan, strain, and refrigerate until ready to use.nLay out a wonton wrapper, brush with the beaten egg, and place 1 teaspoon of muscade de Provence filling in the center of the wrapper. Cover with a second wrapper and press down the edges around the filling, making sure to push all air bubbles away from the center towards the outer edges. Press on the edges to seal. Use a cutter in order to shape the ravioli or trim the edges to the desired from. Dust with flour to prevent sticking, and chill until ready to use.nTo cook, blanch the ravioli in boiling water for 1 minute.nTo make the truffle butter sauce: Mix 1 12 cups of the beurre fondue with the truffle and veal stock, if using.nTo make the salad: In a bowl, mix together the frisee, celery root, microgreens, almonds, and apples. Toss with the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTo serve: Immerse the lobster in the warm beurre fondue and leave for 2 minutes, off the heat, just long enough to warm up the lobster and finish the cooking. Put a spoonful of truffle butter sauce on the bottom of a plate to make a circle. Put the warm ravioli on top. Season with salt, pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Then set the lobster on the ravioli, pulled somewhat out of its shell. Add the salad on top, tucking it in some of the lobster shell., ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 carrot, peeled and diced, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 12 bunch celery, washed and cut, 1 teaspoon anise seed, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 3 1 12 pound live lobsters, female if possible, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon anise seed, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 2 whole star anise, Pinch ground cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 pounds butter, cut in pieces, 1 bunch fresh tarragon sprigs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 2 12 pound muscade de Provence, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon salt, more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 1 3inch stick cinnamon, 2 cups water or chicken stock, 1 package wonton wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, Flour, for dusting, 12 ounce winter truffle, julienned or minced, 2 teaspoons reduced veal stock, optional, 1 cup frisee, 14 cup julienned celery root, 14 cup microgreens, 2 tablespoons sliced almond, toasted, 2 tablespoons julienned apples, 1 teaspoon vinaigrette, made with banyuls vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butter Poached Lobster, Muscade de Provence Ravioli, Truffle Butter Sauce, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 55617: {instructions: For the marshmallows: Line a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking pan 33 by 23 by 5 centimeters with plastic wrap and lightly brush with the oil.nIf using gelatin sheets, soak them in 23 cup 80ml cold water in a shallow pan for 10 minutes. If using powdered gelatin, let bloom powdered gelatin in the 23 cup cold water. Then add the bloomed gelatin to the warmed up espresso and sugar mixture.nWarm up the espresso with the granulated sugar and vanilla in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the gelatin sheets and the soaking water and heat until the gelatin and sugar dissolve, about 2 minutes, stirring often.nUsing a hand mixer, beat the gelatin mixture until it resembles a soft meringue, about 5 minutes. Pour into the lined pan and let stand at room temperature for about 1 hour.nCombine the confectioners sugar and cornstarch, and sprinkle some onto a large cutting board. Invert the marshmallow onto the board. Peel off the plastic wrap and dust the top of the marshmallow with the cornstarch mixture. Cut the marshmallow into squares using a sharp knife. Dip the cut sides of the marshmallows in the cornstarch mixture and shake off the excess. Serve immediately or store the marshmallows in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 2 weeks.nFor the hot chocolate: Heat the milk, cream, espresso and confectioners sugar in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, whisking to dissolve the sugar. Add the chocolate and whisk until smooth. Pour into mugs and garnish with marshmallows., ingredients: [1 tablespoon15ml canola oil, 6 sheets gelatin or 4 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 12 cup125ml brewed espresso or very strong coffee, 1 12 cups375ml granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon15ml pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons30ml confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons30ml cornstarch, 2 cups500ml 35percent cream, 2 cups500ml milk, 13 cup80ml confectioners sugar, 2 cups500ml chopped dark chocolate, 12 cup125ml brewed espresso], title: Hot Chocolate with Homemade Espresso Marshmallows, picturelink: null}, 55618: {instructions: Remove dough from refrigerator onto a lightly floured work surface. Divide into four equal portions. Shape each into a ball, then flatten to form disks. Roll one disk out to a rough 6 inch circle by rolling out from center, lifting and turning dough, and occasionally flipping to prevent sticking. Flour board as necessary. Place on cookie sheet lined with parchment or plastic wrap and place another sheet of parchment or wrap on top. Roll out second ball of dough in same manner. Repeat with remaining dough. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes, or until ready to assemble tarts.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees. Combine rum and raisins in a small saucepan and heat over low medium flame until rum simmers. Turn off heat and let steep while you prepare the apples. Peel the apples, cut them in half, and core them. Cut each half into six even wedges. In a large skillet, melt the butter over medium high heat. When it has stopped foaming, add the apples and toss well. Sprinkle sugar, cinnamon, cloves and allspice over the apples and toss. Lower heat to medium and continue to saute 1015 minutes until apples are lightly browned. Add steeped raisins with any remaining rum, along with the lime juice, and cook until liquids have evaporated. Remove from the heat and let cool.nTake dough circles out of refrigerator and place before you on the board. Brush each lightly with beaten egg. Arrange 12 apple wedges on center of each dough round in a pinwheel pattern., leaving a 1 inch border all around. Spoon remaining raisins over the apples. Fold edges of dough up over apples, in overlapping fashion. Brush dough with egg wash and sprinkle apples with brown sugar. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 recipe Flaky Sweet Pastry, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup rum, 4 Granny Smith or other firm tart apples, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon cloves, 12 teaspoon allspice, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar], title: Individual Apple Rum Raisin Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 55619: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 30 cupcake liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda in a large bowl and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and eggs until light yellow in color, about 3 minutes. Mix in the oil until combined. Add the sifted ingredients and mix until incorporated. Mix in the yogurt. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add the coconut emulsion and vanilla and mix until incorporated.nFill the cupcake liners threequarters full with batter. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool for 15 minutes, and then pull them from the pans and place on a cooling rack or baking sheet to cool completely. Leave the oven on for the toasted coconut.nFor the toasted coconut: Spread the coconut out evenly on a baking sheet, forming a single layer. Bake, stirring halfway through, until golden brown but not scorched, about 12 minutes. Let cool for 15 minutes, and then transfer to a bowl. Set aside.nFor the tres leches mix: Whisk the sweetened condensed milk, evaporated milk and heavy cream together. Poke three holes in the top of each baked cupcake. Brush the tres leches mix on top of each cupcake three times.nFor the frosting: In the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, combine the egg whites and cream of tartar and whip at medium speed until frothy. Add 1 12 cups of the sugar and whip at high speed until stiff peaks form.nIn a saucepan, stir the remaining 12 cup sugar into 12 cup water. Put a candy thermometer in the pan and place the pan over mediumhigh heat. When the simple syrup reaches the softball stage 235 to 245 degrees F, immediately pour it into the egg whites while the mixer is on low speed. Once all the syrup is added, turn the mixer to high and whip until the bottom of the bowl is cool, about 15 minutes. Add the butter and whip until smooth and silky. Add the vanilla and coffeeflavored oil and mix until incorporated.nTo assemble: Scoop 14 cup frosting onto each cupcake. Roll each cupcake, upside down, in the bowl of toasted coconut until the top is rounded and coated in coconut set aside.nMelt the white chocolate in a double boiler. Cut the marshmallows in half diagonally. Dip two marshmallow pieces in the white chocolate and place on a cupcake toward the top for the ears. Place a chocolatecovered espresso bean in the middle of the cupcake for the nose. Repeat with the remaining marshmallows and espresso beans., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 4 14 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 2 cups canola oil, 2 cups yogurt, 2 teaspoons coconut bakery emulsion, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 4 cups coconut shavings, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup egg whites 7 large whites, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 cups sugar, 1 34 pounds 7 sticks unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 tablespoon vanilla, A few drops coffeeflavored oil, 2 cups chopped white chocolate, 30 marshmallows, 30 chocolatecovered espresso beans], title: Sandy, picturelink: M73WTJqWE6767s2cr5HlIcWcOGMMZ6S}, 55620: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350.nMake the butter: Remove the papery outer layer from the head of garlic and slice off the top to expose the cloves slightly. Wrap the garlic in foil and roast in the oven until soft, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly, then squeeze the roasted pulp into a bowl. Whip with the butter, parsley, vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt set aside.nRemove the papery outer layer from the head of garlic and slice off the top to expose the cloves slightly. Wrap the garlic in foil and roast in the oven until soft, about 45 minutes. Cool slightly, then squeeze the roasted pulp into a bowl. Whip with the butter, parsley, vinegar and 12 teaspoon salt set aside.nMake the burgers: Preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh. Season the beef patties generously with salt and pepper and grill, about 3 minutes per side for mediumrare, turning once.nMove the burgers to the cooler side of the grill or reduce the heat on the stove and top each with some marinara sauce and 2 slices cheese. Spread the cut sides of each roll with some of the garlic butter and place facedown on the grill. Cover and cook until the cheese melts and the buns are toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Place a burger on each roll bottom add some chopped basil and the roll top. Serve with more marinara sauce, if desired.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 head garlic, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon champagne vinegar, Kosher salt, 6 8ounce Angus beef patties, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup marinara sauce, plus more for serving, 12 thin slices fresh mozzarella cheese about 8 ounces, 6 crusty rolls, such as ciabatta, kaiser or Portuguese, halved, 12 cup chopped fresh basil], title: Barack Obama Pizza Burger, picturelink: ZCLFpbD4F5ocuvxWe6g83w1P8ZiN0Zu}, 55621: {instructions: Slice the walnut bread thin into 8 slices. Heat a large nonstick skillet or a griddle over moderate heat. Butter 1 side of each bread slice, then put 4 slices, buttered side down, on a work surface. Cut chocolate into chunks, thin enough to fit in a sandwich. Place on the bread, cover with another slice of walnut bread and butter the side facing up. Grill on both sides, about 3 to 5 minutes each. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 round loaf of walnut bread, 1 pound bitter chocolate, Sweet butter, to coat the bread], title: Chocolate and Walnut Bread Panini, picturelink: wuV275zyNIAIU54QsmXx37cQcah2I8q}, 55622: {instructions: In a bowl, mix the prunes and almonds with 1 tablespoon of lemon olive oil.nCut a pocket on the side of each pork chop from the fat side to the bone. Season the outside of each chop with salt and pepper, to taste. Stuff each chop with 12ounce of goat cheese, pushing it to the bottom of the opening, then stuff with the prune mixture. Secure with toothpicks.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons lemon olive oil in a large shallow Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Sear the chops on both sides until golden brown. Add water to come 14 of the way up the side of chops. Cover and simmer until the chops are cooked, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove chops to a serving platter and simmer the liquid and any stuffing drippings until reduced to a thick sauce. Pour the sauce over the chops and serve garnished with toasted almonds., ingredients: [14 cup chopped prunes, 14 cup toasted slivered almonds, chopped, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons lemon olive oil, 4 pork loin rib chops, 1 12 inches thick, Course salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces goat cheese], title: Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 55623: {instructions: SAFFRON ROASTED VEGETABLE COUSCOUS Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place the vegetables in a medium baking dish, toss with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast for 8 to 10 minutes until vegetables are just cooked through. Bring vegetable stock, saffron and 1 teaspoon of salt to a boil in a medium saucepan, let boil for 5 minutes, until saffron blooms and colors the stock. Add the couscous, stir, cover and reduce heat to low. Cook until all liquid is absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Place couscous in a large bowl, add the roasted vegetables and parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with salmon and ancho chileginger sauce. Garnish with diced red pepper and cilantro., ingredients: [2 red peppers, cut into 1inch dice, 1 yellow squash, cut into 1inch dice, 1 zucchini, cut into 1inch dice, 14 pound haricots verts, cut on the bias into 1inch pieces, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups vegetable stock, Pinch saffron, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups couscous, 14 cup coarsely chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Saffron Roasted Vegetable Couscous, picturelink: null}, 55624: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Put the nuts on a baking sheet and toast until fragrant, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nPut the nuts into a processor and finely chop. Add pepper, vinegar and shallots to the bowl and process until smooth. While the processor is running, drizzle the oil into the bowl. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [13 cup whole natural almonds, 1 cup jarred roasted red peppers, drained, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon shallot, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Roasted Red Pepper Dip, picturelink: UgYBzcIKThBzxWxfg1mQWSjxZuvLES}, 55625: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl mash half of the beans with a masher or the back of a spoon, and set aside.nHeat the oil in a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrots, celery, zucchini, garlic, thyme, sage, 12 teaspoon of salt and 14 teaspoon of pepper, and cook stirring occasionally until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes.nAdd the broth and tomatoes with the juice and bring to a boil. Add the mashed and whole beans and the spinach leaves and cook until the spinach is wilted, about 3 minutes more.nServe topped with Parmesan, if desired., ingredients: [1 15ounce can lowsodium canellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 large onion, diced about 1 cup, 2 carrots, diced about 12 cup, 2 stalks celery, diced, about 12 cup, 1 small zucchini, diced about 1 12 cups, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 teaspoon dried, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage leaves or 12 teaspoon dried, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 32 ounces lowsodium chicken broth or vegetable broth, 1 14.5ounce can no salt added diced tomatoes, 2 cups chopped baby spinach leaves, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, optional], title: Tuscan Vegetable Soup, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 55626: {instructions: To make the brine: In a saucepan, combine the brown sugar, salt, and apple juice and bring to a boil. Add the remaining brine ingredients, remove from the heat, and cool. This brine can be made 2 to 3 days in advance and kept in the refrigerator.nSubmerge the salmon fillets in the liquid brine for at least 6 hours or overnight, refrigerated. Remove the salmon from the brine and place, uncovered, on a wire rack set in a sheet pan. Refrigerate the fillets for at least 6 hours, or overnight, to dry them out. A dry fillet will take on smoke quicker than a moist filletnTo smoke the salmon: In an outdoor grill, make a small fire using mesquite charcoal or briquettes. Once the fire has burned down to a hot bed of coals, after about 1 hour, place the soaked wood on the coals. Position the grate 8 to 12 inches above the smoking wood and place the salmon fillets on the grate.nCover the grill and shut any openair vents. After 5 minutes, check the heat of the grill large fillets will be cooked and smoked through in approximately 30 minutes if the heat is low, about 300 to 350 degrees F, while a hotter fire will cook the fillets in 15 to 20 minutes. Serve the salmon hot off the grill., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 14 cup salt, 4 cups apple cider or juice, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 6 sprigs thyme or 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 large salmon fillets about 1 pound each, skin and pin bones removed, A small bundle of wood chips or chunks], title: Apple CiderCured Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 55627: {instructions: Place the hens in a large glass bowl. In a blender, puree the garlic, onion, salt, pepper, cinnamon, cloves, orange juice, tangerine juice, and olive oil. Pour the puree over the hens and marinate for a minimum of 4 hours at room temperature, or in the refrigerator, overnight. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Place the hens in a greased baking dish and spoon the marinade over them. Bake for about 12 hour, then reduce the heat to 350 degrees. Continue baking, basting occasionally, for another 12 hour or until crispy. Remove the hens from the oven and cover with foil. Set aside for 20 minutes.nServe with bulgur pilaf and spicy orange salsa.nCombine the bulgur and water in a bowl and set aside until reconstituted, about 10 minutes. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan, over a medium high heat. Saute the onion until golden, about 10 minutes. Add the vermicelli and pine nuts and saute until golden. Stir in the reconstituted bulgur, chicken stock, salt, and pepper.nReduce to a simmer and cook, covered, about 10 minutes.nYield: 4 to 6 servingsnCombine all of the above ingredients in a small glass mixing bowl.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [6 Cornish Game Hens, about 1 pound each, 12 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 12 medium white onions, peeled, 1 12 tablespoons sea salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 12 cups orange juice, 1 12 cups tangerine juice, 13 cup olive oil, 1 cup bulgur wheat, 1 cup boiling water, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 small onion, diced, 3 ounces vermicelli, broken in small pieces, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 cup chicken stock, canned broth or water, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 2 oranges, segments finely diced, 1 lime, segments finely diced, 1 tangerine, segments finely diced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon Arbol chile powder, 1 small red onion, finely diced, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper. to taste], title: Game Hens with Spicy Orange Salsa and Bulgur Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 55628: {instructions: Mix coconut, nuts and mini chips in a shallow dish. Scoop balls of ice cream onto 8 cookies. Top with a second cookie each and gently press down until ice cream comes to the edges of the cookies. Make sandwiches 1 12 to 2 inches thick. Roll ice cream in coconut, nut and chip topping and serve., ingredients: [1 cup shredded coconut, 1 package, 2 ounces, nut topping, available on baking aisle, 1 cup mini chocolate chips, 8 scoops vanilla or fudge swirl ice cream, 16 chocolate or chocolate nut cookies, 3inches diameter], title: Ice Cream Sundae Sandwiches, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 55629: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil, add noodles and cook until done about 6 to 7 minutes or according to package directions. Meanwhile, finely dice your cheddar and brie into 14inch cubes. Combine the cheeses with the white wine and ricotta in the top of a double boiler or in a microwave proof container that is large enough to accommodate the cooked pasta. If you are using a double boiler, melt the cheese while the pasta is cooking, if you are using a microwave you can wait until the pasta is done. When the pasta is done, drain, pat dry, and toss it with the melted cheese. Or is you are using a microwave oven, heat the cheese for 1 minute. Whisk it vigorously and return it to the microwave for 20 seconds. Add the drained pasta to the melted cheese, right in the microwave dish, and toss. Season with lots of freshly ground pepper and scallion., ingredients: [8 ounces vermicelli noodles, Small piece sharp white cheddar cheese about 14 cup diced, Small piece of brie cheese about 14 cup diced, 1 to 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 12 cup ricotta cheese, Garnish: Finely sliced fresh chives or scallion, freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Pasta with Four Cheeses, picturelink: null}, 55630: {instructions: Green Chile Aioli: Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth.nRed Snapper: Season the eggs lightly with salt and pepper. Place the eggs, flour, and cornmeal in 3 separate bowls. Season the snapper fillets lightly on both sides with salt and pepper. In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil. Dredge each fillet in the flour and shake off any excess. Dip into the beaten egg and let the excess drip off. Dredge both sides lightly in the cornmeal and shake off any excess. Saute for 3 minutes on each side and drizzle with the red pepper sauce. Serve immediately, garnished with green chile aioli.nCreamed Kale: Blanch the kale in lightly salted water until tender, rinse in ice water, drain and cut into 12inch ribbons. In a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter and add the kale, cream and nutmeg. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 minutes, or until the cream has reduced and thickened. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 poblano pepper, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups seasoned allpurpose flour, 2 cups seasoned blue cornmeal, 4 red snapper fillets about 6 ounces each, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 pounds kale, center stalks removed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Pan Fried Blue Corn Coated Red Snapper with Green Chile Aioli and Creamed Kale, picturelink: null}, 55631: {instructions: Cut melon into wedges and remove seeds and rind. Cut melon into 1inch pieces. In a blender combine half of melon with half of each remaining ingredients and blend until very smooth. Pour juice into a pitcher and repeat procedure with remaining ingredients, ingredients: [4pound honeydew melon, 2 cups ice cubes, 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons sugar or to taste], title: Honeydew Juice, picturelink: null}, 55632: {instructions: Make the quinoa: Bring the quinoa and 2 12 cups water to a boil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and gently simmer until the quinoa is tender the little tails will pop out and most of the water is absorbed, 20 to 25 minutes Drain off any excess water. Stir in the chopped cilantro, scallions, oil and 12 teaspoon salt. Serve warm or at room temperature. The quinoa can be cooked, cooled and refrigerated, covered, for up to 2 days. Microwave just enough to take the chill off, about 2 minutes, stirring about halfway through.nMake the avocado cream: While the quinoa cooks, process or blend the avocado, sour cream, Parmesan, lime juice, 1 tablespoon water, cayenne and 34 teaspoon salt in a food processor or blender until smooth and creamy.nIf the corn still has a chill, microwave it for about 1 minute.nBuild the bowls: Divide the quinoa evenly among 4 bowls. Top each with neat piles andor rows of chicken, tortilla chips, corn, salsa and pepitas. Top with some sauce, a sprig of cilantro and a lime quarter., ingredients: [1 12 cups red quinoa, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems, finely chopped, plus 4 sprigs for garnish, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 firmripe avocado, halved, pitted and cut into large chunks, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Juice of 1 lime, plus 1 lime, quartered, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 cup frozen fireroasted corn, thawed, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken meat from about 12 chicken about 34 pound, 2 cups tortilla chips, crushed, 1 cup storebought or homemade black bean salsa, 14 cup roasted and salted pepitas], title: Quinoa Bowl with Chicken and Avocado Cream, picturelink: MnEjL50kzz2HQGunqTvFUjvd3kGANi}, 55633: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Slowly add the flour into the pot in a steady stream until level with the water. With a spoon, create a well in the center. Allow to cook for approximately 10 minutes and then stir for an additional 5 minutes until you have a creamy polentalike texture.nThe polenta will thicken and bubble resembling a porridgelike consistency. If there are any lumps break them up and continue to stir until creamy.nServe the polenta with grilled sausages or creamy ricotta cheese., ingredients: [4 cups1 L lukewarm water, 1 pound500 g chestnut flour, Pinch salt, Serving suggestion: Serve with grilled sausages and creamy ricotta cheese.], title: Chestnut Polenta, picturelink: null}, 55634: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the garlic in a small saucepan with the olive oil and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 minutes.nWith a vegetable peeler, cut large strips of zest from each lemon and add it to the garlic oil.nAdd the red pepper flakes and salt and allow the oil to sit at room temperature until the flavors are infused. Store the oil in the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 whole garlic cloves, peeled, 2 cups extra virgin olive oil, 2 lemons, 2 pinches of red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Garlic and Lemon Oil, picturelink: LOZEGPJMhlwqcG7NoC2U5yQpfDg8.T.}, 55635: {instructions: For the peanut sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, mix all the ingredients. Stir and cook until reduced to a creamy sauce, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nFor the spicy orange sauce: In a small saucepan, whisk all the ingredients and bring to a boil. Let simmer until it thickens, about 1 minute. Set aside.nFor serving: Serve with dumplings, egg rolls or spring rolls., ingredients: [12 cup veal stock, 14 cup smooth peanut butter, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, Salt and pepper, 14 cup mirin, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 12 teaspoon chile flakes, 12 teaspoon Sriracha, Zest of 1 orange, Juice of 2 oranges, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon cornstarch diluted in a little water], title: Peanut and Spicy Orange Sauces, picturelink: null}, 55636: {instructions: Combine the bourbon and spearmint in a large pitcher, cover and chill for at least 12 hours.nRemove the zest from the lemon in strips with a vegetable peeler and cut away any white pith the pith imparts a bitter flavor.nIn a small saucepan over moderatelylow heat, combine the zest, 12 cup water and the sugar. Bring up to boil and cook until the liquid gets all syrupy, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and let steep 30 minutes. Remove the zest and add the juice from the lemon.nPour half the mintinfused bourbon, half the lemon syrup and enough ice to reach up to the top of the blender and puree until smooth. Carefully divide it among 3 goblets and repeat with the remaining ingredients. Garnish each with a sprig of mint and enjoynWhat Makes This Recipe Really Sing: Really try and find fresh spearmint leaves. The flavor is so different from regular mint leaves that you normally use.nBYOC: How about a Maraschino cherry They are such a fun throwback garnish., ingredients: [2 12 cups goodquality Kentucky bourbon, 1 cup packed fresh spearmint leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 lemon, 12 cup granulated sugar, Ice], title: Frozen Lemon Mint Juleps, picturelink: DNWCp8g9TshXxz35uswaKXL2.VV4i}, 55637: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 to 12 ice pop molds and pop sticksnBring the cherries, maple syrup, cinnamon and almond extract to a simmer in a small pot over high heat. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to low and simmer until the cherries are juicy and soft, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat, and set aside.nIn another smalltomedium pot, bring the coconut milk and vanilla bean seeds and pods to a simmer over high heat, whisking occasionally. Reduce the heat to low, cover the pot and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, let cool for 5 minutes, then whisk in the honey and vanilla extract. Remove and reserve the vanilla bean pod. Pour the mixture into a pitcher or measuring jug and set aside.nPlace a strainer over the blender jar. Add the cooked cherries, and press out the juice. Add 13 of the cherry pulp and 1 cup of the coconut milk mixture, and blend until smooth. You should have about 2 cups of liquid. Refrigerate. Divide the remaining coconut milk mixture among ice pop molds, and place them in the freezer until semifrozen, about 1 hour. Remove them from the freezer, and divide the remaining cherry pulp among the molds. Top with the blended cherrycoconut mixture, place the lids on top, add sticks and freeze until solid, at least 8 hours.nTo remove the ice pops, dip the molds in warm water for a few seconds, then carefully pull on the sticks to release., ingredients: [2 cups fresh sweet cherries, such as Bing, pitted and halved, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, Pinch cinnamon, 3 to 4 drops almond extract, 2 cans fullfat coconut milk, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped and pod reserved, 3 tablespoons raw honey, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Coconut, Cherry and Vanilla Bean Ice Pops, picturelink: null}, 55638: {instructions: Put an oven rack on the lowermiddle position of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spray the sides of a 9inch round nonstick cake pan with cooking spray.nFor the Spiced Sour Cream: In a medium bowl, mix together the sour cream, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and ginger. Cover and refrigerate until serving.nFor the Cake: Put the orange juice and cranberries into a small bowl and let soak for 20 to 30 minutes.nPour the maple syrup evenly into the prepared pan. Sprinkle evenly with 14 of the cranberry mixture and 14 of the pecans. Shred enough of the sweet potato to make 1 cup and set aside. Slice the remaining sweet potato into 18inch thick slices and lay the slices in a decorative pattern on top of syrup mixture. Sprinkle evenly with the remaining cranberry mixture and pecans. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, and vanilla and orange extracts until evenly combined. Set aside.nIn the bowl of a standing mixer, add the flour, sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger and salt. Using the paddle attachment, blend the mixture on the lowest speed for 1 to 2 minutes. With the mixer still on the lowest speed, add the butter, 1 piece at a time, until the butter and flour are blended into peasized pieces, about 3 to 4 minutes.nAdd 12 cup of the egg mixture to the flour and mix on the lowest speed until blended about 15 to 20 seconds. Increase speed by 1 setting and beat for about 30 seconds. With the mixer still running, add the remaining egg mixture in a slow, steady stream and beat for about 30 seconds. Stop the mixer and scrape the sides and bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Beat again for 15 to 20 seconds until thoroughly blended. Remove the paddle, scraping down the bowl, as necessary. Gently stir in the reserved shredded sweet potato.nPour the batter over the mixture in the pan and smooth lightly with a rubber spatula. Bake for 25 minutes then lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Bake until a toothpick or wooden skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Remove from oven to a wire rack for 15 to 20 minutes. Invert onto a serving plate and serve warm or at room temperature. Garnish with dollops of spiced sour cream and mint sprigs, if desired., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup dried cranberries, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 12 cup chopped pecans, 1 medium sweet potato about 34 pound, peeled, divided, 3 large eggs, room temperature, 13 cup whole milk, room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 14 teaspoons orange extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened and cut into 12 pieces, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: Maple Sweet Potato UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 55639: {instructions: In a hot saute pan coated with oil, add the shallots and mushrooms and stir. Season and cook soft, about 5 minutes. Drain the mix in a strainer, place on plate and put in the refrigerator. When the mix is cold, squeeze out as much liquid as possible. Check for seasoning and transfer to a food processor and add thyme, egg, butter and truffle oil. Pulse a few times to break the mushrooms and butter into small piecesdo not puree Transfer to a bowl and fold in edamame and chives. Using a pastry bag or ziploc with end cut off, fill blossoms full. Make tempura batter by whisking the rice flour with the soda water until a pancake batter consistency is achieved. Dip the blossoms in the batter and deep fry at 350 degrees until golden brown and delicious, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and serve immediately on a decorative platter., ingredients: [12 zucchini blossoms, ideally, baby zucchini still attached and fanned out, 2 minced shallots, 2 cups roughly chopped shiitakes, 2 cups roughly chopped cremini mushrooms, 12 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons cold butter, chopped, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, 1 cup edamame, 14 cup chopped chives, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 cups rice flour, 1 quart cold soda water, Canola oil to cook], title: Tempura Mushroom Stuffed Zucchini Blossoms, picturelink: null}, 55640: {instructions: In medium saucepan, add the chiles to the oil and cook slowly for 20 minutes. Remove from heat and steep for 2 hours.nPreheat grill to high.nIn large bowl, combine the vinegar, oil, garlic, and parsley. Mix well, add the mushroom to the bowl, and marinate mushrooms for 15 minutes.nOn hot grill, cook the mushroom for 5 minutes on each side. Remove the mushrooms from the heat and julienne. Put the mushrooms in a bowl and toss with a little of the chile oil. Serve with cheese sprinkled on top., ingredients: [5 chiles de arbol, 1 cup olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped garlic, 2 tablespoon chopped parsley, 4 portobello mushroom, stems removed, 14 cup crumbled cotija], title: Grilled Mushrooms with Chile de Arbol Oil and Cotija Cheese, picturelink: null}, 55641: {instructions: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Preheat broiler. Grill bread on both sides until browned.nRub around the crust of each slice of bread with garlic. Transfer bread to a baking sheet. Drizzle 1 side of each slice with oil. Spread tomato sauce evenly over bread. Top each slice with cheese. Place under broiler until melted.nServe immediately topped with basil leaves., ingredients: [1 loaf Tuscan bread, sliced crosswise 12inchthick, 2 garlic cloves, Olive oil, for drizzling, Tomato sauce, preferably homemade, Fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced 14inch thick, Fresh basil leaves], title: Mini Pizza Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 55642: {instructions: Special equipment: If you dont get enough rendered fat from frying the bacon, add enough olive oil to make up the quantity.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCut each strip of bacon into 4 pieces. In a skillet over mediumlow heat, cook the bacon until cooked all the way through but not crisp. Drain on a paper towel and reserve the fat for use in the Vinaigrette.nCut the loaf of bread in half and reach in beneath the crust to pull out 1 12 to 2inch chunks of bread. Place the bread chunks on a baking sheet, drizzle them with the olive oil, and toss well. Toast them in the oven for about 15 to 20 minutes, until theyre lightly browned, shaking the pan occasionally to ensure theyre evenly baked. When the croutons are cool enough to handle, rub them with the garlic clove and set aside. In a huge bowl, toss to combine the radicchio, frisee, dandelion greens, toasted bread, and bacon.nPlace the eggs in a medium saucepan with water to cover. Bring the water to a boil, then turn down the heat to a low simmer. Simmer the eggs for 5 minutes, then plunge them into a large bowl of ice water for a minute or so. Take them out as soon as theyre cool enough to handle.nPour most of the Vinaigrette over the salad, and toss well to combine. Cut the top 12inch off the eggs, and using a spoon, scoop them out of the shells in large spoonfuls into the bowl. Pile the salad onto 4 plates, and drizzle the remaining Vinaigrette over each.nIn a medium sized skillet over medium heat, warm the bacon fat and olive oil, if necessary. Add the shallots and cook them for 2 to 3 minutes, until they just begin to sizzle. Whisk in the vinegar, salt, and pepper, and cook for about 1 minute. Whisk in the mustard, and cook another 30 seconds. Remove the vinaigrette from the heat, and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [6 ounces applewood smoked bacon, sliced off the slab into 3 12inch thick strips, 1 1pound loaf white sourdough, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 1 medium head radicchio, leaves removed and torn into large pieces, 1 medium head frisee, center core removed, pulled apart into small bunches, 1 large bunch dandelion greens, mizuna, or arugula, tough stems removed, 5 extralarge eggs, Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 12 cup bacon fat See Cooks Note, 1 to 2 shallots, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard], title: Sort of Frisee Lardons, picturelink: null}, 55643: {instructions: In a large bowl combine oil, garlic, shallots, and peppers. Add shrimp and marinate for a few hours. Remove shrimp from marinade and pat dry. Grill for about 1 and 12 minutes on each side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped shallot, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 8 large fresh headon shrimp u12], title: Roasted Shrimp on Chick Pea Pancakes with Mango and Green Onion, picturelink: null}, 55644: {instructions: Bring broth, milk, garlic, and butter to a boil in a thick bottomed pot. Reduce heat to a simmer and whisk in cornmeal, cooking while stirring with wooden spoon for about ten minutes. As it thickens reduce heat and add sundried tomatoes and Parmesan. Remove from heat and add basil. Quickly spread on a cookie sheet to 13inch thickness and refrigerate. Polenta should remain in refrigeration at least 1 hour, or as long as 3 days prior to final preparation. Once cool, it should be covered for safe storage. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Remove polenta from the refrigerator and cut out rounds with cookie cutter about 1 12inches. Saute polenta rounds in nonstick pan until brown on both sides. Remove from heat. Lay polenta rounds on cookie sheet and top with Wild Mushroom Saute. Bake for 5 minutes, heat fondue in saucepot or microwave and stir in truffle oil if desired Drizzle with Locatelli Fondue. Garnish with chives and white truffle slice.nHeat saute pan and add butter, shallot and garlic, cook 1 minute and add mushrooms, salt and pepper. Continue cooking about 2 minutes, remove from heat, and allow to cool. White mushrooms can be used if others are not available.nSaute shallot in butter in heavy bottomed pot for 1 minute, add white wine, and reduce by half. Add chicken broth and cream and simmer on medium heat for 5 minutes, too high a heat, will result in a boil over mess Add roux, whisking constantly so not to lump. As sauce thickens reduce heat and simmer 5 more minutes. Remove sauce from heat and stir in the Locatelli until melted and smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Fold in white truffle oil, if desired. Put Fondue in squeeze bottle or resealable plastic bag with corner cut off, for easy drizzling., ingredients: [1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons butter, salted, 34 cup cornmeal regular, 2 tablespoons chopped sundried tomato in oil, drained, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, Wild Mushroom Saute, recipe follows, Locatelli Fondue, recipe follows, Chopped chives, for garnish, White truffle, sliced thin, for garnish, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 to 2 shallots, chopped finely, 2 garlic cloves, chopped finely, 8 medium button mushrooms, sliced thinly, 5 medium shiitake mushrooms, sliced thinly, Handful small oyster mushrooms, sliced thinly, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 shallot, chopped finely, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup white wine Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons roux flourbutter mixture, 14 cup grated Locatelli or other Pecorino Romano, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, White truffle oil, optional], title: Polenta with Wild Mushrooms and Locatelli Fondue, picturelink: null}, 55645: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8 by 8inch cake pan and line with parchment paper. Grease and flour the pan.nPlace the rum and raisins in a small pan, cover and heat until the rum boils. Turn off the heat and set aside. Place the butter and molasses in another small pan and bring to a boil over medium heat. Pour the mixture into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Cool for 5 minutes, then mix in the sour cream and orange zest.nMeanwhile, sift the flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, cloves, and salt together in a small bowl. Mix with your hands until combined. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the flour mixture to the molasses mixture and mix only until smooth. Drain the raisins and add them and crystallized ginger to the mixture with a spatula. Pour into the prepared pan and bake for about 35 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Set aside to cool completely.nWhen the cake has cooled, whisk together the confectioners sugar and orange juice and pour it onto the gingerbread, allowing it to drip down the sides. Allow the glaze to set. Cut the gingerbread into 9 squares., ingredients: [14 cup dark rum or water, 12 cup golden raisins, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup unsulphured molasses, 1 cup 8 ounces sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons grated orange zest, 2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 13 cup minced dried crystallized ginger not in syrup, 1 cup confectioners sugar, optional, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed orange juice], title: OldFashioned Gingerbread, picturelink: 9jKIS513y6e1O7wPG8lykpzVJzVOW}, 55646: {instructions: For cookies:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mixer, beat shortening until soft. Add sugar, baking powder, and salt. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Gradually mix in the flour. Remove half of the dough, leaving the remaining in the mixer. Add a couple of drops of food coloring to the dough in the mixer, until the desired color is achieved and beat until combined. Form each half of the dough into disks and wrap in plastic film. Chill in the refrigerator until firm, at least 1 hour.nRoll the dough out to 14inch thickness and cut out cookies with cookie cutters. Transfer to an ungreased cookie sheet and bake until firm, about 6 to 8 minutes. Cool on wire racks.nFor frosting:nIn a mixer, beat butter, sugar, milk, and vanilla until smooth. If frosting is too thick, add more milk, a very small amount at a time. Divide frosting into several small bowls. Add a different color of food coloring to the frosting in each bowl. Glaze each cookie with a different color frosting.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [34 cup shortening, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, Food coloring, 23 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 23 cups confectioners sugar, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, Food coloring], title: Ritas Holiday Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55647: {instructions: For Crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl mix together the cookie crumbs, pecans, and melted butter. Press the mixture into the bottom and up the sides of a 9inch deepdish pie plate and bake for 10 minutes. Remove the crust from the oven and cool completely before fillingnFor Filling: Sprinkle the gelatin over the water in a small saucepan let stand for 1 minute. Stir over low heat until the gelatin is completely dissolved, about 3 minutes. Stir in 1 cup of the cream. Heat just to a simmer then immediately pour into a food processor or a blender. Add the chocolate chips and process until the chocolate is completely melted, about 1 minute. With the machine running add 12 cup of the remaining cream, the eggs, and the vanilla. Pour into large bowl and refrigerate until thickened, about 15 minutes.nIn the meantime, combine the caramels, remaining 14 cup of cream, butter, and salt in a small saucepan. Simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until completely melted and smooth. Pour into the prepared crust let stand until beginning to set, about 10 minutes. Beat the cooled and thickened gelatin mixture until smooth and pour it over the caramel layer. Refrigerate the pie, covered until firm, about 3 hours., ingredients: [2 cups finely crushed chocolate sandwich cookies recommended: Oreo, 34 cup finely chopped pecans, 12 cup butter, melted, 1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 14 cup cold water, 1 34 cups whipping cream, divided, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup caramels about 24, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Pinch salt], title: Just In Case Pie, picturelink: null}, 55648: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSprinkle the turkey drumsticks with the pepper, salt and paprika and rub in the spices. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sear each drumstick on all sides until golden and crisp, a few minutes per drumstick.nCombine the stock, tomatoes, parsley, maple syrup, garlic, onions, bay leaf, thyme and butter beans in a roasting pan. Add the drumsticks, cover and roast for 2 hours.nLadle the butter beans and sauce onto the serving plates and top with a drumstick., ingredients: [4 turkey drumsticks, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 cups lowsodium organic chicken stock, 2 cups canned whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, minced, 2 teaspoons pure maple syrup, 2 cloves garlic, 2 yellow onions, sliced, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 2 cup uncooked butter beans, rinsed], title: Turkey and Butter Bean Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 55649: {instructions: Special equipment: a 6 to 8inch wooden skewernThoroughly combine the cream cheese, Worcestershire, lemon zest, 3 cups Cheddar and 1 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula as needed. Transfer to a bowl, then cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator until firm, about 30 minutes.nRoll the cheese mixture into three balls to form the base, body and head of the snowman. They should be just over 4, 3, and 2inches in diameter. Roll the balls in the remaining 2 cups Cheddar to create a snowy exterior. Insert a 6 to 8inch wooden skewer vertically into the largest ball use it to attach the body and then the head of the snowman.nCut an inch off the tapered tip of the carrot and use it for the snowmans nose. Insert the asparagus spears into the body for arms. Use two olive halves for eyes, and the remaining four for buttons. Wrap the thinly shaved cucumber or celery around his neck to form a scarf.nServe the snowman on a platter surrounded by crackers., ingredients: [One 8ounce block cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest from 1 lemon, 5 cups shredded white Cheddar 1 pound, Fine salt 1 small carrot, 2 asparagus spears, blanched, 3 black olives, sliced in half, One 12inch strip English cucumber or one 12inch piece celery shaved thinly with a vegetable peeler, Crackers, for serving], title: Snowman Cheese Ball, picturelink: null}, 55650: {instructions: Evenly spread the olive oil on a square of parchment paper and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Place the potato slices on the paper, making sure there is no overlap, and sprinkle again with salt and pepper. Cook in the microwave for 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 potato, thinly sliced], title: Microwave Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 55651: {instructions: In a blender combine all the ingredients. Pulse until pureed. Add more yogurt or water to thin sauce, as desired. Transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [2 jalapeno chilies, seeded and chopped, 1 quartersize piece peeled ginger, sliced, 12 cup drained plain yogurt, 3 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon raw sugar, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 23 cup mint leaves, 1 cup freshly grated coconut], title: Fresh Coconut and Mint Chutney, picturelink: null}, 55652: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Add the tomatoes to the drippings in the pan and cook, turning once, until slightly softened, about 2 minutes.nBrush a large rimmed baking sheet with olive oil. Stretch the pizza dough to fit the pan if the dough shrinks back, let it rest a few minutes before continuing. Prick the dough all over with a fork. Top with the tomatoes, reserving the bacon drippings. Bake until the crust is golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes.nRemove the flatbread from the oven top with the goat cheese. Season with salt and pepper. Toss the sprouts and arugula with 12 tablespoon of the reserved bacon drippings rewarm, if necessary, the lemon juice, and salt and pepper. Top the flatbread with the greens and bacon.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 3 plum tomatoes, sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 pound storebought pizza dough, at room temperature, 6 ounces goat cheese, crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups radish sprouts, 3 cups baby arugula, Juice of 12 lemon], title: California Flatbread, picturelink: JC589IiDw8keGlESevlXni3kD4RYG8.}, 55653: {instructions: The mold shapes used were bats, witches, gravestones, ghosts and skulls. You can use any molds to make chocolate lollipops.nTo make the lollipop: Pour any of the tempered chocolates directly into the molds, filling them to the top. Tap the molds against the work surface to release the air bubbles. Set the sticks in place by inserting them just far enough to be secure within the mold you are using. Set the molds aside to allow the chocolate to set. When set, simply pop out the lollipops.nIf you do not have any lollipop molds, you can use PlayDoh modeling clay to make your own molds. Roll fresh PlayDoh into a 12inchthick rectangle on top of a sheet of parchment paper. Use a sharp paring knife to cut shapes from the PlayDoh. Remove the cutout leaving the homemade mold. Spray the inside edge of the PlayDoh with vegetable cooking spray. Pour the chocolate into the cutout space. Insert the lollipop sticks and let cool completely before removing the PlayDoh. When finished, the PlayDoh can be saved and reused for another day., ingredients: [16 ounces bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 16 ounces white chocolate, tempered, 16 ounces milk chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Lollipops, picturelink: es0dPSykr4mb3ewSq1ZjY.vLpy4EA6a}, 55654: {instructions: Place 4 oregano sprigs, 4 cilantro sprigs and 1 halved jalapeno on a sheet of foil top with 1 pound cleaned mussels. Scatter 4 tablespoons cutup butter and 3 sliced garlic cloves over the mussels and drizzle with the juice of 2 limes add the squeezed limes to the pack as well. Fold up the foil, leaving room for the mussels to open. Grill over high heat until the mussels open, 4 to 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Steamed Mussels, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 55655: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay out a sheet of phyllo on a flat work surface and brush it with melted butter and sprinkle with salt and white pepper. Repeat until you have 15 layers of phyllo. Cut into 2 6inch circles.nLay phyllo out on parchment paper or lightly oiled cookie pan. Bake until golden, about 10 minutes. Remove from oven.nClean scallops by pulling off attaching side muscle. Pat dry with a clean towel. Heat a large heavyduty saute pan over high heat. Add olive oil and heat almost to the smoke point. Season scallops with salt and pepper. Sear on both sides until golden brown, about 30 seconds on each side. Remove from the pan, set aside and keep warm.nBring the potatoes to a boil in salted water. Boil until fork tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, cool, peel, and slice across so that they are approximately the same thickness as the scallops. Set aside.nCut leek in half lengthwise, clean, remove core, and cut into 14inch dice. In a small saute pan, saute the leek and tomato in a little olive oil, just until the leeks begin to soften. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAlternate, the scallops and potatoes around the perimeter of phyllo disks. Place in the oven and cook just until the scallops are cooked, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with the sauteed leek and tomatoes. Drizzle with the Pinot Noir sauce on the outside. Garnish with chervil. Serve immediately.nIn a heavy bottom saucepot melt the butter and add shallots. Saute until the shallots are tender. Add the Pinot Noir, bay leaf, and whole peppercorns and reduce by 34. Add the heavy cream and reduce by half. Strain and finish with salt and the lemon juice.nThis sauce will not reconstitute after refrigeration.nYield: 8 servings, ingredients: [15 phyllo sheets, room temperature, 16 ounces butter, melted, Salt and white pepper, 24 U10 scallops, Olive oil, to saute, 12 to 14 Peruvian purple potatoes, cut in 2inch slices, 10 ounces leeks, 8 ounces tomato, seeded and small diced, 8 chervil sprigs, Pinot Noir Sauce, recipe follows, 8 ounces butter, 2 sticks, 3 ounces shallots, minced, 2 cups Pinot Noir, 1 bay leaf, Whole peppercorns, 1 cup heavy cream, Sea salt, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Scallop Phyllo Pizza With Pinot Noir Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55656: {instructions: In a coffee mug, add chai tea bag and hot water. Steep for 5 to 10 minutes until water turns dark amber. Remove chai tea bag. Set aside. In a small saucepan heat soy milk, apple cider, honey and cinnamon over medium heat, stirring frequently, until frothy about 10 minutes. Add steeped chai to sauce pan and mix. Serve in a large mug. Garnish with cinnamon stick, if desired., ingredients: [1 individually wrapped chai tea bag, 12 cup hot water, 1 cup light vanilla soy milk, 12 cup apple cider, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cinnamon stick optional garnish], title: Apple Soy Chai Latte, picturelink: TRvVPg9r4IxMSQTosa8lUvjoRA.Yzja}, 55657: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the macaroni drain well.nCombine the squash, milk, broth and garlic in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until the squash is tender when pierced with a fork, about 25 minutes.nPut the hot squash mixture in a blender and add the Greek yogurt, salt and pepper. Replace the blender lid with a clean towel to let steam escape without the mess and blend until smooth.nPut the squash mixture in a bowl and stir in the Gruyere, Romano, 12 cup of the Cheddar and 12 cup of the mozzarella until combined. Add the macaroni to the squash mixture, and stir until combined. Spread the mixture evenly in a 13by9inch glass or ceramic baking dish and sprinkle the top with the remaining 12 cup Cheddar and 12 cup mozzarella.nBake until bubbly, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound elbow macaroni, 3 cups peeled and cubed butternut squash, 1 12 cups nonfat milk, 1 14 cups nonfat, lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cloves garlic, peeled, 2 tablespoons plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups shredded Gruyere, 1 cup grated Romano cheese, 1 cup finely grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup grated partskim mozzarella], title: Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 55658: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the yeast and warm water. Add the flour, salt, sugar, honey, and eggs. Mix thoroughly for about 10 minutes. Let the dough rise about 10 to 15 minutes. Divide the dough into 4ounce portions and shape into pretzels. Place on a greased cookie sheet and let rise for 1 hour. Brush with Honey Butter Mix and sprinkle with kosher salt. Bake for 20 minutes.nIn a small bowl combine melted butter and honey., ingredients: [2 tablespoons yeast, 2 cups warm water, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup honey, 3 eggs, beaten, Honey Butter Mix, recipe follows, Kosher salt, for sprinkling, 12 cup melted butter, 14 cup honey], title: Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 55659: {instructions: Cut off top and bottom poles of melons. Place one cut side against cutting board and slice off rind in segments, cutting smoothly from top to bottom. Repeat with second melon. Halve melons lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Cut flesh into 1inch wedges, then cut wedges crosswise at an angle into diamonds or triangles. In a small bowl, whisk together remaining ingredients. Pour over melon. Stir gently, cover, refrigerate and let macerate for 46 hours. Serve cold., ingredients: [2 small cantaloupes, 34 cup cava Spanish sparkling wine or other dry sparkling wine, 3 tablespoons orange marmalade, 12 bunch mint, washed and julienned], title: Macerated Melon, picturelink: null}, 55660: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grind the cookies and sugar in a food processor. Add the melted butter and pulse until moist. Press into a 9inch pie plate and bake until firm, 18 to 22 minutes. Let cool before filling., ingredients: [30 chocolate wafer cookies or 14 graham cracker sheets, 3 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Crumb Crust, picturelink: null}, 55661: {instructions: Butter an 8 or 9inch square baking dish and line with parchment paper. Stir the Blue Cornbread with Pineapple mix, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs and 4 tablespoons melted butter in a large bowl until just combined. Pour into the prepared dish and bake at 425 degrees until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 25 minutes. Cool, then slice into squares.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Blue Cornbread with Pineapple, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 55662: {instructions: In a microwave safe bowl, add green beans and 1 tablespoon water. Cover with plastic wrap and cook on high setting for 6 to 8 minutes or until crisptender.nWhile green beans are cooking in a large frying pan, heat the butter, oil, sliced garlic, and chopped bacon gently over medium heat. NOTE: Do not let garlic burn  a light golden brown is as dark as garlic should get.nDrain any liquid from the green beans and add to frying pan. Toss to coat beans and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound frozen green beans, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves peeled garlic, thinly sliced, 4 strips precooked bacon, Salt and pepper], title: Garlicky Green Beans, picturelink: Egl72AWHn82wMTE1CEnS.1lNwpq9vN2}, 55663: {instructions: Sort the beans to make sure they are free of stones or other debris. Rinse, then cover with cold water, refrigerate, and soak overnight.nThe next day, drain the beans, place them in large pot, and cover with the stock. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer the beans for 2 hours, or until they are soft, tender and yield to pressure when squeezed between your finger tips.nAdd the salt only in the final 15 minutes of cooking since the addition of salt earlier in the cooking process will result in tough beans.nPour the beans in to the bowl of a food processor. Begin to pulse the beans along with any of the stock that may have remained from cooking. Add all the remaining ingredients except the truffle oil and pulse together with the warm bean puree. Taste and adjust the seasoning with additional salt and add freshly ground pepper if needed. Return the bean puree to a pot set over low heat or a double boiler to keep warm. Serve each portion of puree with a drizzle of truffle oil., ingredients: [14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 2 ounces white truffle oil, 1 pound dried Great Northern, navy, pea or other white beans, 2 quarts chicken stock, 2 teaspoons salt, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic], title: Mashed White Beans with Truffle Oil, picturelink: null}, 55664: {instructions: Mix 1 pound shredded leftover roast turkey with 2 tablespoons sweet Asian chili sauce. Spoon along one edge of 12 square spring roll wrappers top with sliced scallions, shredded carrot and chopped cilantro. Fold in the sides and roll up like a burrito. Moisten the edge with water to seal. Fry in 1 inch of 375 degree vegetable oil until golden, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Serve with more chili sauce.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Turkey Spring Rolls, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 55665: {instructions: Begin by skewering the diced shark onto skewers putting about 5 to 6 pieces per skewer. Repeat process set aside. In a blender combine the chipotle, garlic, cilantro leaves and olive oil and puree until smooth. Lay skewers on a tray and pour a little of the chipotle mixture over each one and allow to marinate for at least 1 hour. Grill each skewer on a hot grill for 3 minutes on each side and serve with tortillas, onion, cilantro and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 pound mako shark or marlin loin cut into 12inch dice, 1 can chipotle in adobo, 2 gloves garlic, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 14 cup olive oil, 4 fresh corn tortillas, 2 tablespoons finely diced onion, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: Shark Tacos, picturelink: null}, 55666: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring 2 cups of water to a boil. Cut an x in the bottom of the tomatoes. Place the tomatoes in the boiling water and boil for 5 minutes. Remove the tomatoes from the pot and reserve the water. When tomatoes are cool enough to handle, remove and discard the skins.nOn a dry comal, griddle or in a castiron frying pan, toast the chiles until they give off their aroma. Place in a bowl and cover with reserved tomato water. Soak for 20 minutes. Remove chiles from the water. Reserve the water.nOn the same comal, roast the onion and garlic for 8 to 10 minutes over medium heat or until transparent.nPlace the chiles, tomatoes, onion, garlic, oregano, allspice, peppercorns, vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce in a blender. Blend well with 12 cup chile soaking water. Pour through a strainer to remove the skins.nIn a medium frying pan, heat the butter and oil. Pour in the chile mixture add the bay leaf. Fry for 5 minutes. Add salt.nHolding the banana leaves with tongs, pass the leaves over a gas flame to soften them. If you dont have a flame handy, you can boil them until soft, about 20 minutes, covered. Remove and set aside.nHeat a long griddle that covers 2 burners until very hot. Open the fish so it is lying flat, skin side down.nCut a piece of heavyduty aluminum foil twice the size of the fish. Totally butter one half of the foil. Place the banana leaf on the buttered portion of the foil. Lay the fish skin side down, on top of the leaf. Sprinkle salt and pepper over the fish. Spoon 14 cup of the salsa del diablo over the fish. Sprinkle the Worcestershire and Maggi sauce over the fish, including the head. Dot butter over the fish. Add the tomato and onion slices. Add the bay leaves and parsley. Cover the fish with the banana leaf. Pull the foil over the top of the fish and seal by folding over the edges. It is important to have a good seal on all 3 edges, so the steam does not escape during cooking process. Carefully move fish over to the grill and cook for 10 minutes. The foil should fully puff up in the process. Watch the foil to make sure that the steam is not escaping. If it is, reseal the fish. Serve immediately with totadas or totopos., ingredients: [14 pound tomatoes 12 mediumlarge round or 2 to 3 plum, 5 chiles guajillos, stemmed and seeded, 3 chiles costenos rojos, stemmed and seeded, or 3 chiles de arbol, 14 medium white onion, thickly sliced, 5 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon fresh Oaxacan oregano or 12 teaspoon dried, 2 whole allspice, 3 black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Worchestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 teaspoon sunflower or vegetable oil, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon salt, or more to taste, 2 large banana leaves, fresh, or substitute frozen approximately 12 pound, 2 12 pounds whole sea bass, red snapper or striped bass, butterflied or fillets, 4 tablespoons 12 stick soft butter, to coat the foil and fish, Salt and pepper mixed, to sprinkle on fish, 3 tablespoons Worchestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons Maggi sauce, 12 pound tomatoes 1 mediumlarge round or 4 to 5 plum thinly sliced, 12 medium white onion, thinly sliced, 5 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley leaves], title: Sizzling Snapper with Diablo Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55667: {instructions: Put the New Mexico green chile in a large saucepan over medium heat. Do not let boil.nMake a roux. Put the oil in a saucepan, over medium heat, heat up slightly, add the flour and stir constantly. The flour should get toasted and brown, but do not burn it, about 5 minutes.nDrizzle the roux into the green chile and mix to combine. This will make it thicker and change the color slightly, but it should not get white in color. The chile and liquid should just look darker and less bright that the green chile without any roux. Add enough roux and water to get the chile to the right consistency, which should be like gravy. You may not use all the roux.nAdd the garlic and salt. Leave the chile in the pot to simmer for 20 minutes, stirring regularly. Do NOT bring it to a boil, as that may burn the flour in the roux. Add more salt and garlic if needed and serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds roasted, chopped, New Mexico green chile, defrosted, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, or 3 cloves fresh garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Tomasitas Green Chile, picturelink: cSKDfpDYg0Wzpilir3XY.Ff3zjk6}, 55668: {instructions: Put the honey and cocoa powder on separate small plates. Prepare a glass by dipping half of the rim into the honey take care to wipe off the excess, then the same half of the glass into the cocoa powder. Set aside.nAdd the bourbon, vermouth, bitters and chile slice to a mixing glass and lightly muddle the chile to extract just a little heat. Add ice and stir the cocktail thoroughly. Using a julep strainer, slowly strain into the prepared glass, taking care not to aerate the liquid., ingredients: [1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon cocoa powder, 2 ounces bourbon, such as Woodford Reserve, 1 ounces sweet vermouth, such as Carpano Antica Formula, 4 dashes chocolate bitters, such as Fee Brothers Aztec Chocolate Bitters, 1 small slice fresh red chile], title: Chocolate Manhattan, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 55669: {instructions: Whisk the eggs with the milk and halfandhalf until frothy. Whisk in the flour, starting a few tablespoons at a time to prevent lumps, them whisk in the sugar, salt, and cardamom.nWarm a griddle or a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Pour a thin film of oil onto the griddle and add a teaspoon or two of butter. Pour or spoon out the batter onto the hot griddle, where it should sizzle and hiss. A scant 2 tablespoons of batter will make a 3inch pancake, about as large as youll want to go with this batter. Because they spread so much, pour the batter out quickly, in one motion, then pause long enough for the previous pancake to firm, so that the cakes dont run into each other. Make as many cakes as you can fit without crowding. Stir the batter up from the bottom each time you make a cake.nCook the pancakes for about 1 minute, until their top surface is covered with tiny bubbles, like most American pancakes, or until the batter has lost its gloss and turned a couple of shades darker near the outside edges, depending on whether youve used more or less flour, respectively. Flip the pancakes with a thinbladed spatula and cook until the second side is golden brown, a minute or two longer. Repeat with the remaining batter, adding a bit more oil and butter to the griddle as needed. Serve immediately with butter and preserves or fruit., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 14 to 1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon ground cardamom, Vegetable oil and unsalted butter for panfrying, Unsalted butter, softened, Lingonberry preserves, or fresh blueberries, huckleberries or blackberries], title: Swedish Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 55670: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason each fillet to taste with salt and pepper. Combine the potato and horseradish and spread the mixture over the top of each fillet, pressing it down so it will adhere.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat until almost smoking. Sear each fillet potatoside down until a crust forms, about 3 minutes. Turn the fillets over and finish cooking in the oven until done, about 5 minutes for medium. Place on a large serving platter and top each fillet with some relish. Serve any remaining relish on the side.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the bell peppers, olives, pepper flakes, garlic, thyme, parsley, vinegar, honey, and oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. May be refrigerated up to 1 day. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [8 red snapper fillets, 5 to 6 ounces each, Salt and pepper, 1 large potato, peeled and finely grated, 12 cup prepared horseradish, drained, 4 tablespoons pure olive oil, roasted pepper relish recipe follows, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 yellow bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 cup chopped black olives, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup chopped parsley, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 6 tablespoons pure olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: POTATOHORSERADISH CRUSTED RED SNAPPER WITH ROASTED PEPPER RELISH, picturelink: null}, 55671: {instructions: Season the beef with the cayenne, garlic powder and oregano in a medium bowl. Form the beef mixture into 4 patties. Divide each patty, through the center, into 2, and flatten. Place the blue cheese on 1 patty and top with the other patty. Pinch the edges to seal. Grill burgers in a castiron pan or on a grill over mediumhigh heat to desired degree of doneness. Serve on the hamburger buns., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 12 tablespoon cayenne, 12 table spoon garlic powder, 12 tablespoon dried oregano, 6 ounces blue cheese, cut into 4 slices, 12 table spoon oregano, 4 hamburger buns, split], title: Blue Cheese Burger, picturelink: null}, 55672: {instructions: Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, vinegar, thyme, mustard, garlic, honey, salt, and ground black pepper. Leaving the blender running, slowly add the olive oil in a thin stream. Set aside until needed.nSlice the white and tender green parts of the leeks into 12inch diagonals. Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a skillet and saute until tender. Set aside to cool to room temperature.nSlice the corn from the cobs and place in a bowl with the sauteed leeks. Cut the sundried tomatoes into 12inch pieces and add to the bowl. Toss with enough of the dressing to coat. Do not feel compelled to use all of the dressing.nServe garnished with parsley and additional dressing on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 to 3 sprigs thyme, stripped from stems, 1 teaspoon stoneground mustard, 1 garlic clove, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil, 6 leeks, soaked in salt water to remove grit and thoroughly rinsed, 2 tablespoons to 14 cup olive oil, 6 ears fresh corn, boiled until tender and cooled to room temperature, 1 cup sundried tomatoes, packed in oil or if dehydrated soaked in water to rehydrate, 6 small sprigs parsley], title: Home at Last Leek and Corn Salad, picturelink: iRzjNPmVjRoOBWMS0nIe8.Yrn5UYEO}, 55673: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Knead dough with flour, adding in 2 parts, and brandy extract. Break into 2inch pieces. Roll each piece into a 6inch long rope. On an ungreased cookie sheet, shape rope like a doughnut, pinching ends together. Freeze for 10 minutes. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Cookies should be just lightly golden on top. Cool completely. Frost each cookie with vanilla frosting. Drizzle Drippy Icing over cookies.nIn a small bowl, whisk together powdered sugar and milk. Tint with 1 drop yellow food coloring. Add more powdered sugar for stiffer consistency, if desired. Drizzle over cookies., ingredients: [1 18ounce package refrigerated sugar cookie dough, room temperature recommended: Pillsbury, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon brandy extract, Prepared vanilla frosting, Drippy icing, recipe follows, 1 cup sifted powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 drop yellow food coloring], title: Glazed Doughnut Crisps, picturelink: LzIsrlt37QE.hQqRdYqa6iwwCb1QqG2}, 55674: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix the requeson, pickled vegetables and cilantro to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nPrepare a barbecue or grill pan to mediumhigh. Arrange the tortillas in a single layer on the grill. Cook until the tortillas are crisp, 5 minutes per side. Serve with the requeson spread., ingredients: [1 1pound container whole milk requeson, or ricotta cheese, 12 cup canned pickled jalapenos, carrots and onions, drained and chopped recommended: La Costena, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 6 white corn tortillas], title: Mexican Ricotta Spread with Grilled Tostadas, picturelink: JEunew1ttkC3wJn1y5gT1qOG61gxnVG}, 55675: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace bones in a roasting pan, and roast, stirring occasionally, for 45 minutes. Add onions, garlic, carrots, and celery to roasting pan. Return to oven until well browned, roasting for a total of 1 to 1 12 hours.nRemove roasting pan from oven, and transfer bones and vegetables to large stockpot discard any fat. Heat roasting pan on stove over high heat. Add wine to deglaze, stirring to loosen any browned bits from bottom of pan. Transfer to stockpot, and add bouquet garni, tying it to the handle of the pot for easy removal.nAdd enough cold water to cover by 2 inches. Bring to a boil, and reduce to simmer. Cook for 7 to 8 hours, skimming frequently.nStrain the stock through a chinois or fine sieve into a large bowl or pot, and set the bowl in an ice bath. When cool, cover, and refrigerate overnight.nRemove layer of fat from bowl or pot. Stock can be stored in refrigerator for 3 days and frozen for up to 3 months., ingredients: [5 pounds beef bones, 4 large onions, with skins, quartered, 1 head garlic, halved crosswise, 2 carrots, cut into 2inch pieces, 3 ribs celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup red wine, Bouquet garni: parsley, thyme, bay leaves, peppercorns, and cloves wrapped in cheesecloth], title: Beef Stock 101, picturelink: null}, 55676: {instructions: Peel the pears and cut them in half. Scoop out the seeds with a melon baller or cut them out with a knife. Slice thin and set aside. In a medium skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the sugar and cook, stirring, until slightly browned, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and ginger and stir. Add the pears and reduce the heat to low. Cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, until the pear slices are tender and almost translucent and the mixture is thickened, about 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. To serve, shave the cheese with a vegetable peeler or a cheese slicer into thin shards. Toast the bread. Spoon a mound of confit in the center of each serving plate. Fan 4 pieces of toast around the top of the plate, and pile the cheese shards around the bottom., ingredients: [2 large firm Anjou or Bartlett pears, light green to yellow in color, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 slices fresh ginger, about 14inch thick, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, 8 thin slices wholegrain bread, cut in half], title: Gruyere with Pear Confit, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 55677: {instructions: Drain and rinse with sauerkraut with cold water, then leave it to drain in a colander. Melt 4 tablespoons of the fat in a large flameproof casserole. Add the onions and saute them over low heat, stirring occasionally, until tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Spread half of the sauerkraut over the onions, first squeezing it in your fists to extract all the water. Set the apple, both kinds of bacon, the smoked sausages, and smoked pork loin to top. Sprinkle with juniper berries and add seasoning, mainly pepper. Cover the meat with the rest of the sauerkraut, squeezing it dry also, and pour over the wine. Cut a piece of parchment paper to fit inside the casserole and press it directly on top of the sauerkraut. Cover and simmer on top of the stove until the sauerkraut is tender, 1 12 to 2 hours. About halfway through cooking, pour over the schnapps.nHalf an hour before the sauerkraut is cooked, put the potatoes in a pan of cold salted water, cover and bring them to a boil. Simmer until tender when pierced with a knife, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and keep them warm, peeling them just before serving.nHeat 1 tablespoon fat in a frying pan and cook the cured pork chops until well done, 5 to 7 minutes on each side. Add them to the casserole 15 minutes before the sauerkraut is cooked. Warm the frankfurters in very hot water until heated through, about 1 minute. Leave them in the water to keep warm, draining them just before serving.nTo serve, taste the sauerkraut and adjust the seasoning. Lift out both kinds of bacon and the pork loin and carve them in generous slices. Drain the sauerkraut well and pile it on a large heated platter. Arrange the meats and sausages on top, with the potatoes around the edge. Pass mustard at the table., ingredients: [4 pounds raw or cooked sauerkraut, 6 tablespoons goose fat or lard, 1 large onions, chopped, 1 large dessert apple, peeled, cored, and sliced, 1 1pound piece unsmoked lean bacon, 1 1pound piece Canadian bacon, 1 1pound piece smoked pork loin, 1 1 pound piece smoked pork sausages, 2 teaspoons juniper berries, Salt and pepper, 2 bottles 750 ml each mediumdry white wine, 5 pounds waxy potatoes, 8 cured pork chops, 8 frankfurters, 12 cup schnapps or gin, Dijon mustard, for serving], title: Le Choucroute du Baron, picturelink: null}, 55678: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine sweet relish, mayonnaise, and crabmeat. Set aside.nOn a 12inch chilled platter, combine the 2 types of lettuce. Arrange tomato wedges around the perimeter of platter. Alternate the olives, bell pepper rings, and cucumber slices between the tomatoes. Spoon the crabmeat mixture into the center. Top with the quartered hardboiled eggs arranged in a pinwheel fashion., ingredients: [14 cup sweet relish, 12 cup bacon and tomato twist mayonnaise recommended: Best Foods, 12 ounces crabmeat, 1 medium head green leaf lettuce, chopped, 1 medium head iceberg lettuce, chopped, 1 vineripened tomato, sliced into 8 wedges, 1 can black olives whole and pitted, 1 small green bell pepper, sliced into 14inch rings, 1 medium cucumber, sliced 14inch thick, 2 hardboiled eggs, quartered lengthwise], title: Ivars Crab Louie Salad, picturelink: null}, 55679: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPat the chicken dry with paper towels. Season the cavity with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl combine the onion, lemon, garlic, half the thyme, and 1 12 tablespoons olive oil season with salt and pepper and mix it well. Stuff the bird with the mixture. Using 2 3foot pieces of kitchen twine, tie up the chicken: Tuck the wing tips between the wings and the body. Put the midpoint of the twine under the chicken, bring the ends up and around the wings, and pull them tight against the body. Bring the ends of the twine up underneath the legs, wrap the string around them, pull the legs together, and tie them tightly. Place the chicken, breast side up in a roasting pan, and layer the strips of bacon up breast until covered. Scatter over the remaining thyme, drizzle over some more olive oil and season everything with salt and pepper.nRoast the chicken for 1 12 hours arrange the mushrooms around the chicken 45 minutes after roasting. Baste with the pan juices every 20 minutes. The chicken is done when an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the thigh the legs should wiggle easily in their sockets.nRemove the chicken from the pan, cover with foil, and let stand for 10 minutes to rest. Serve the chicken with the roasted mushrooms and pan juices., ingredients: [1 3 pound organic freerange chicken, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red onion, quartered, 12 lemon, cut into 4 pieces, 12 head garlic, about 6 cloves, smashed, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 pound sliced bacon, cut in 12, 3 pounds whole cremini mushrooms, wiped clean with a damp towel], title: Roast Chicken with Herbed Mushrooms, picturelink: C46fzIJuABdgMm6T13bVFCdaZ70VP3q}, 55680: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nPlace a large roasting pan over 2 burners set to medium heat. Add the butter, garlic and onions and sweat for 6 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the tomato sauce and chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Cover with foil and transfer the pan to the oven for 5 hours, stirring every 30 minutes. Baking in the oven ensures the sauce cooks down without burning.nTransfer the sauce to a blender along with the basil, Parmesan and sugar, and blend well. Season with salt and pepper. Toss the cooked pasta with the sauce. Serve in shallow bowls, garnished with Parmesan., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large sweet onion, such as Vidalia, finely diced, Two 6ounce cans tomato paste, Two 28ounce cans tomato sauce, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bucatini, cooked to al dente], title: Jimmys Grandmas Tomato Sauce with Bucatini, picturelink: null}, 55681: {instructions: Shred both cabbages very fine. Toss together. Add sugar, lemon juice, and salt and toss again. Refrigerate or use immediately., ingredients: [12 head red cabbage, 12 head green cabbage, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch salt], title: Red and Green Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 55682: {instructions: Special equipment: Skewers, chopsticks or large toothpicksnPlace tomato on skewer, followed by mozzarella ball and folded basil leaf. Repeat until you have seven to nine pieces on skewer. Repeat with remaining skewers.Place finished skewers on serving platter that has a scattering of mixed greens on bottom. Drizzle extra virgin olive oil over top of skewers. Follow with a sprinkling of salt, freshly ground pepper and a splash of balsamic vinegar.nIn a bowl, mix together grapes, onion and Gorgonzola. Drizzle mix with red wine vinegar and olive oil. Add a dash of salt and freshly ground pepper stir. Place micro greens on spoons and top with a spoonful of grape mix.Place on a serving platter that has been layered with breadcrumbs.nPlace chive spear in shot glass. Pour chilled soup into glass to about 34 full. Top with a dollop of creme fraiche or sour cream and garnish with basil leaf. Finish with freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [910 baby mozzarella balls, cut in half, or larger mozzarella ball, cut into small pieces, 910 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1820 basil leaves, Drizzle of extra virgin olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, Splash of balsamic vinegar, Mixed greens, 46 red seedless grapes, halved and thinly sliced, 4 red pearl onions, thinly sliced and soaked in small amount of olive oil, 12 oz. crumbled Gorgonzola, Drizzle of red wine vinegar, Drizzle of olive oil to taste, Micro or petite greens this can even be a chiffonade of sorts, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, Breadcrumbs, 6 slender chive spears about 3 inches long, 68 oz. chilled tomato soup, 14 cup creme fraiche or light sour cream, 6 small basil leaves, Fresh ground pepper], title: MiniSize Me, picturelink: null}, 55683: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Char over a gas flame, grill, or broil the eggplants until the skins are charred and blistered. Transfer to baking pan and roast for 30 minutes or until soft. Remove from oven and cool. Toast cumin and coriander seeds until aromatic and grind in a spice grinder or toast spices already ground.nHeat oil in a small skillet over moderate heat. Add onion and saute until tender. Add garlic and ginger and saute a few seconds to release the aroma. Add turmeric, ground toasted cumin and coriander and salt and saute another minute just to release the aroma.nCut stem ends of eggplants and peel skin. Set eggplant in food processor and puree until coarse. Add onion and spice mixture and puree. Transfer to serving bowl and stir in lime and yogurt and jalapeno. Right before serving dust eggplant puree with chopped cilantro and mint. Serve with toasted pita triangles or fresh vegetables or crackers., ingredients: [2 eggplants 2 12 pounds altogether, 1 teaspoon each whole cumin and coriander seeds, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 large onion finely chopped, 1 teaspoon each minced garlic and fresh ginger, 14 teaspoon turmeric or pinch yellow asafetida powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Juice of 1 fresh lime, 12 to 23 cup plain yogurt, 1 fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 14 cup each chopped fresh coriander and fresh mint], title: Smoked Spiced Eggplant Puree, picturelink: null}, 55684: {instructions: To roast the potatoes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil, potatoes, salt and pepper. Transfer the skillet to the oven and roast the potatoes until they begin to color, about 10 minutes. Turn the potatoes over, add the herbs de Provence and continue cooking until the potatoes are tender, about 7 minutes more. Set the potatoes aside to cool.nTo prepare the salad: Wrap the peeled garlic cloves in aluminum foil and roast in a 400 degree F oven until soft, about 15 minutes. Cool slightly then mash the garlic to a paste adding a tablespoon or 2 of olive oil. Set the garlic paste aside.nBlanch the haricots verts in boiling salted water, until crisp but tender, about 4 minutes. Refresh the beans in an ice bath, then set aside.nBoil the quail eggs in salted water for 2 minutes and 15 seconds. Shock them in an ice bath, peel, and set aside.nTo prepare the balsamic vinaigrette: Whisk 1 tablespoon of Dijon mustard with the balsamic vinegar and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in 34 cup olive oil. Add minced thyme and shallots.nTo prepare the caper vinaigrette: Whisk 1 tablespoon of Dijon mustard with the grain mustard, red wine vinegar and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in 34 cup olive oil. Mix in the capers, shallots, and minced thyme.nTo finish the salad: Season the tuna on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat and oil a grill or cast iron pan and sear the tuna on both sides the tuna is best rareu00bfthe cooking time will depend upon the thickness of the pieces.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the tomatoes, tatsoi, haricots verts, potatoes, and olives. Dress the salad with balsamic vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the salad on 4 plates. Spread the toast with garlic puree. Put a piece of toast on each salad and place a piece a tuna on top. Spoon caper vinaigrette over the tuna, garnish with a quail egg, season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound fingerling potatoes, scrubbed and halved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons herbs de Provence, 8 cloves garlic, Extra virgin olive oil, 12 pound haricots verts French green beans, Kosher salt, 4 quail eggs quartered chicken eggs are a good substitution, 4 equally thick 3ounce pieces sushi grade ahi tuna, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tomatoes, seeded and quartered, 1 pound fresh baby tatsoi or baby arugula, 12 cup, pitted and coarsely chopped nicoise olives, 4 slices country bread or baguette, toasted, Balsamic vinaigrette:, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon smooth Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup olive oil, 23 cup chopped capers, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced thyme], title: ParisianStyle Grilled Ahi Tuna Salad with a SoftBoiled Quail Egg, picturelink: X4NehaGOPresjaJ6QKISp3EUaDnfe}, 55685: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the brownies: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line an 8by8inch square baking pan with parchment paper so that the paper overhangs two sides of the pan. Coat the parchment and sides of the pan with cooking spray.nCombine the butter and chocolate in the top of a double boiler and melt over medium heat. Set aside to cool slightly. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl until pale yellow. Add the granulated sugar, espresso powder and vanilla extract to the eggs and whisk until fluffy. Whisk together the flour and salt in a small bowl.nPour the chocolate mixture over the egg mixture and whisk until smooth. Fold in the flour mixture until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan, spreading it to the edges with an offset spatula or the back of a spoon. Bake until the batter is set and cracked on top, 30 minutes. Remove to a rack and let cool.nFor the icing: Whisk together the buttermilk, coffee, confectioners sugar and cocoa powder until smooth.nRemove the cooled brownies from the pan by using the parchment overhang to lift them out. Pour the icing over the top and spread with a small offset spatula. Let dry. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 3 large eggs, room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups dark chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 tablespoon brewed coffee, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Classic Gooey Brownies, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 55686: {instructions: Preheat oven at 400 degrees F.nAdd butter and oil to a large skillet on medium heat. Saute onions, carrots, celery and garlic until tender for about 7 to 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Once the vegetables have softened and start to brown a little add the tomato paste and mix evenly. Add the ground beef and cook until beef is no longer pink about 10 minutes. Add the Worcestershire sauce and beef stock. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook and simmer for another 10 minutes. Mix in peas. Transfer mixture to an ovenproof baking dish and spread evenly. Place potato on top of ground beef mixture and spread out evenly, once the top surface has been covered, rake through with a fork so that there are peaks that will brown nicely. Place the dish into the preheated oven and cook until browned about 20 minutes. Spoon out the shepherds pie and serve.nFill a large saucepan with cold water and a tablespoon of salt. Add potatoes to the water and bring to a boil. Let potatoes cook until soft about 20 minutes. Once the potatoes are at a desired density, drain the potatoes and place them back into the saucepan for mashing. Add butter and cream and begin to mash potatoes into a semi smooth consistency. Once at desired texture add cheese and mix well. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 pounds lean ground beef or lamb, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup beef stock, 1 12 cups garden peas, Cheesy Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 4 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, quartered, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 cup grated mature white Cheddar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mummy Boomes Traditional Shepherds Pie, picturelink: JvzTOFuw1d5c6Shv7PBcuKWBOBT7iv2}, 55687: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSpread the mashed potatoes into a buttered 1 quart gratin dish. If a flat effect is desired, cover the potatoes with plastic wrap and press evenly flat with your hands. Then remove plastic wrap, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and sprinkle with Parmesan.nBake until top is golden and crispy, about 20 to 30 minutes. Serve with reheated leftover gravy, ingredients: [4 cups leftover mashed potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Leftover gravy], title: Mashed Potatoes Au Gratin, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 55688: {instructions: For the avocado cream: Puree the yogurt, avocados, jalapeno, lime zest and juice, cilantro and hot sauce to taste in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the pico de gallo: Combine the oil, tomatoes, garlic, onions, bell peppers, jalapeno, lime juice and cilantro in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the fish: Combine 2 cups flour, the cornstarch, baking powder and some salt in a bowl. Quickly stir in the beer and eggs dont worry if there are a few lumps.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F 180 degrees C.nPut the remaining 1 cup flour in a shallow dish. Dredge the fish lightly in the flour. Dip the fish in the beer batter to coat, and then fry until crisp and golden brown, about 1 12 minutes. Drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper.nFor serving: Spread some avocado cream on a Homemade Tortilla. Top with 3 pieces of fish and some shredded lettuce. Finish with pico de gallo and Spicy Green Chili Sauce.nCombine the flour, 1 12 cups water and the salt, and then knead to form the dough. Pinch off a golfballsize piece of dough and use your hands to flatten it into a round shape. Set the round on a piece of plastic wrap and cover with another piece of plastic. Use the back of a heavy castiron skillet to flatten the dough. You can use a tortilla press if you have one.nTransfer the tortilla to a hot, dry skillet. Cook for about 30 seconds on each side. Remove and keep warm. Repeat with the remaining dough.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F 225 degrees C.nPut the peppers on a baking sheet. Drizzle with 2 tablespoons oil and season with salt. Roast until the skins are charred, about 30 minutes. Transfer the peppers to an airtight container and let cool this will make them easier to peel. Peel off the skins, remove the seeds and cut the peppers into chunks.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Saute the onions until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the roasted peppers, vinegar, coriander, garlic and sugar and cook for 1 minute. Add 2 cups 500 ml water and lower the heat to mediumlow. Cook until almost all the liquid has evaporated, about 30 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups500ml plain thick yogurt or sour cream, 4 avocados, pitted, peeled and chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, Zest and juice of 1 lime, A handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, A few drops green hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons30ml olive oil, 2 tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, Juice of 1 lime, A handful fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups750ml allpurpose flour, 14 cup60ml cornstarch, 1 tablespoon15ml baking powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups625ml beer 2 bottles, 2 eggs, beaten, Canola or peanut oil, for frying, 1 pound haddock fillets, cut into large cubes 450 grams, Homemade Tortillas, recipe follows, Iceberg lettuce, finely shredded, Spicy Green Chili Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups500ml very fine corn flour masa harina, 1 teaspoon5ml salt, Spicy Green Chili Sauce:, 24 hot green chile peppers, such as jalapeno, poblano, hatch or Cubanelle, 14 cup60ml olive oil, Salt, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons30ml distilled white vinegar, 1 tablespoon15ml coriander seeds, ground, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch sugar, 14 cup60ml chopped fresh cilantro, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Fish Tacos, picturelink: null}, 55689: {instructions: In a saucepan bring the water and 12 cup sugar to a boil. Let cool then pour into a shallow pan and freeze overnight. The next day, scrape the surface of the ice with a metal spoon to make shaved ice. Store in the freezer until ready to serve. To make the toppings, puree the raspberries with the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar and strain to remove the seeds and set aside. Blend the grape juice concentrate with the mint leaves in a blender and strain and set aside. Whisk together the citrus juices and honey and set aside. Using a large ice cream scoop, scoop a ball of the shaved ice onto 4 cones. Drizzle with various syrups and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups water, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, separated, 2 cups frozen raspberries, thawed, 1 cup purple grape juice concentrate, 4 fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup orange juice concentrate, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Sno Cones, picturelink: null}, 55690: {instructions: Melt the margarine in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground beef, onion, jalapenos, garlic, and seasoned salt and cook until browned, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let it cool a bit, then mix in the spinach, bread crumbs, and cheeses. While still warm, put a couple of tablespoons of the mixture in each tortilla and roll up it should be approximately 1inch in diameter. To serve, cut tortillas in 3inch sections, reheat in the microwave, and top with Alfredo or marinara sauce., ingredients: [14 cup margarine, 1 pound ground beef 8020, 14 cup finely sliced onion, 2 jalapenos, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, diced, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, 14 cup fresh spinach, finely sliced, 34 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup shredded provel cheese a mixture of Cheddar, Swiss, and Provolone, 6 12inch flour tortillas recommended: CheddarJalapeno flavor, Alfredo or marinara sauce, to serve], title: Italian Enchiladas, picturelink: null}, 55691: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Combine all the vegetables, garlic, and rosemary in a large mixing bowl. Sprinkle on the salt, pepper, and 13 cup olive oil and toss to coat thoroughly. The vegetables may be prepared to this point up to 4 hours in advance.nDrop the vegetables into a shallow 2 12 quart ovenproof casserole and press them down evenly. Bake 45 minutes.nTo make the topping, break up the bread and make coarse crumbs in a food processor. Scrape them into a small bowl and drizzle on the 1 tablespoon olive oil. Use your fingers to rub the oil evenly into the crumbs.nRemove the tian from the oven. Sprinkle the crumbs all over the top. Return the dish to the oven and bake 15 more minutes, or until the vegetables are very tender. Let sit 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 red onion, cut vertically into sixths, sections separated, 1 green bell pepper, cut into 1 12inch chunks, 12 ounces mushrooms, large ones quartered, medium ones halved, 2 plum tomatoes, cored and cut into sixths, 3 mediumlarge sweet potatoes or yams, peeled, quartered lengthwise, and sliced 14inch thick, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, or 34 teaspoon crumbled dried, 12 teaspoon salt, Generous seasoning freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup olive oil, 3 slices homemadetype white bread, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Sweet Potato and Vegetable Tian, picturelink: null}, 55692: {instructions: For the oil: Add the parsley and garlic to a blender and with the blender on, slowly stream in the oil until combined. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let the oil sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes.nFor the relish: Combine all of the ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until smoking. Separately saute the garlic, bell pepper, tomatoes, chiles and bread cubes until lightly browned, about 2 to 3 minutes each. Remove each ingredient with a slotted spoon as it is done. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar. Put all the sauteed ingredients and the deglazing liquid into a food processor and blend until smooth. Add the almonds and process until finely chopped. Blend in the honey and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFor the fish: Set up a bamboo steamer basket over a large pot of water. Add the coriander seed, fennel seed, crushed garlic, orange juice and remainder of the squeezed flesh, the juice of the lemon and remainder of the squeezed flesh, the black peppercorns and splash of wine to the water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Once the water is simmering, brush each fillet with canola oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the fish, skin side, down in the steamer basket over the simmering water, and steam until cooked through.nArrange the fish on serving plates with the Yellow Pepper Romesco Sauce on the side. Top the fish with heaping mounds of the Parsley Garlic Oil and Red PepperBlack Olive Relish. Garnish with parsley leaves and serve., ingredients: [1 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 roasted red bell peppers, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 cup pitted and coarsely chopped nicoise olives, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup aged sherry vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled and seeded, 2 yellow tomatoes, halved, 1 ancho chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 New Mexican chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 slice white bread, crust removed, cut into small cubes, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup toasted whole almonds, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 2 crushed garlic cloves, 1 orange, juiced, flesh reserved, 1 lemon, juiced, flesh reserved, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, Splash Spanish wine recommended: Albarino, 4 6ounce wild striped bass fillets, skinon, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Steamed Wild Striped Bass with Yellow Pepper Romesco, Red PepperBlack Olive Relish and ParsleyGarlic Oil, picturelink: 9CMlipODat5NC4vyAKyNAlvCEDqzmK}, 55693: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Once the oil is hot, salt both sides of each rib, then add to the pot and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes per side. Remove to a plate.nReduce the heat to medium. Add the garlic, carrot, celery, onion, bell pepper and 12 teaspoon salt, stir to combine and then partially cover with a lid. Cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables are soft, about 6 minutes. Add the wine, bay leaves, thyme, crushed red pepper and 12 teaspoon salt and simmer until most of the wine has evaporated, about 2 minutes. Nestle in the browned ribs and any accumulated juices, then add the crushed tomatoes and 1 12 cups of water its nice to rinse the tomato can out with water and then use 1 12 cups of that tomato water. Bring to a high simmer, then adjust to a low simmer and cover the pot partially with the lid. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender and falling apart and the sauce has reduced, about 2 hours. Be sure to scrape down the sides of the pot and add back into the sauce. Remove the pieces of pork and let them cool slightly finely shred the meat, then stir back into the sauce. The sauce can now be finished and served or it can be cooled down, refrigerated and reheated the next day.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil and add the pasta. Cook according to the package instructions, reserving about 1 cup of the cooking water.nStir the parsley into the sauce and adjust the seasoning to taste with salt. Thin out with a little of the reserved pasta water and stir in the torn basil. Divide the cooked pasta among bowls and top each with some ragout. Drizzle each bowl with a little olive oil, top with a generous amount of Parmesan and garnish with a few basil leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt, 1 pound boneless country pork ribs about 2, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 large carrot, thinly sliced, 1 celery stalk, thinly sliced, 1 small onion, diced, 1 small red bell pepper, diced, 12 cup red wine, 2 bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Pinch crushed red pepper, One 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, crushed by hand, 8 ounces pappardelle pasta, 12 cup packed parsley leaves, roughly chopped, Handful basil leaves, torn, plus more for garnish, Grated Parmesan, for serving], title: Pork Ragout with Pappardelle Pasta, picturelink: omNcfnF9ColtYn5sYcmwc1YHx2x0i}, 55694: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: Stir together the shallot, mustard, honey, vinegar, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Whisk in the olive oil.nThinly slice the zucchini and squash lengthwise with a mandoline, if you have one, or a vegetable peeler, then thinly slice the beets and mushrooms. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and toss. Sprinkle with the chives, chervil and tarragon. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon finely chopped shallot, 1 12 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1 12 teaspoons honey, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 zucchini, cut into 2inch segments, 1 yellow squash, cut into 2inch segments, 4 baby golden beets, peeled, 3 large white mushrooms, 13 cup chopped fresh chives, chervil andor tarragon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Shaved Summer Vegetable Salad, picturelink: R.0qPcCDOlMmBclNFRDjMsSouYmR4K}, 55695: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSaute squash, onion, and pepper in a saute pan with olive oil until squash is soft. Add salt and white pepper. Put into a casserole dish. Mix the cheese and 12 cup of bread crumbs into the casserole dish with the vegetables. Sprinkle remaining 12 cup of bread crumbs on top of casserole. Bake until golden brown., ingredients: [2 pounds yellow squash, sliced, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 small bell pepper, chopped, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 12 pounds cheddar cheese, 1 cup Italian bread crumbs], title: Squash Casserole, picturelink: null}, 55696: {instructions: To mix the dough by hand, combine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in a mediumnmixing bowl and stir well to mix. Cut butter into 1 tablespoon pieces and add to dry ingredients. Toss once or twice to coat pieces of butter. Then using your hands or a pastry blender, break the butter into tiny pieces and pinch and squeeze it into the dry ingredients. Occasionally reach down to the bottom of the bowl and mix all the ingredients evenly together. Continue rubbing the butter into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles a coarse ground corn meal and no large pieces of butter remain visible.nBeat the eggs in a small bowl and pour over the flour and butter mixture. Stir in with a fork until the dough begins to hold together, but still appears somewhat dry. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nTo mix the dough in the food processor, combine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in work bowl fitted with metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Cut butter into 1tablespoon pieces and add to work bowl. Process, pulsing repeatedly at 1second intervals, until the mixture is fine and powdery, resembles a coarse ground cornmeal and no large pieces of butter remain visible, about 15 pulses in all.nAdd the eggs to the work bowl and pulse ten times or so, until the dough forms a ball.nScatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nPress the dough into a disk two equal disks for the larger amount of dough. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press it into a 6 inch circle. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour.nStorage: Keep the dough in the refrigerator up to two days, or freeze it doublewrapped in plastic. Because the dough is thin, it will defrost quickly at room temperature when you intend to use it.nVariations:nSPICE CRUST:nAdd 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon and 14 teaspoon each freshly grated nutmeg and ground cloves to the dry ingredients before mixing in the butter. Double the quantities for the 2 crust recipe.nCOCOA DOUGH:nAdd 2 tablespoons sifted non alkalized cocoa powder to the dry ingredients before mixing in the butter. Double the quantities for the 2 crust recipe. If the dough seems dry after adding eggs, add a teaspoon or two of water, no more., ingredients: [1 14 cups all purpose bleached flour, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick cold unsalted butter, 1 large egg, 2 12 cups all purpose bleached flour, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, 2 large eggs], title: Sweet Dough for Pies, picturelink: null}, 55697: {}, 55698: {instructions: For the cookie dough, melt the butter and cool until tepid or barely warm to the touch, for about 40 minutes.nGrind the pistachios and sugar in a food processor, pulsing onoff until the nuts are coarsely chopped, or chop the nuts by hand and mix them with the sugar. Blend the flour and the pistachiosugar mixture using an electric mixer. Add the tepid butter, orange juice and Grand Marnier and mix just until evenly moistened. The dough will be wet and sticky. Spread the dough out into a 1inch wide log on a sheet of plastic wrap. Using the wrap as an aid, roll the dough up in plastic. Refrigerate or freeze until firm, for about 6 hours. This can be prepared ahead and refrigerated 1 week or wrapped in freezer paper and frozen several months. Defrost in the refrigerator before continuing with the recipe.nTo bake, preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper. Slice the dough into 18inchthick coins. Arrange as many as will fit on the prepared sheets, leaving 2 inches between the cookies. Dip a fork in water, shake dry and use it to flatten the cookies. Bake the cookies until well browned, for about 12 minutes, exchanging the position of the baking sheets in the oven halfway. Let the cookies cool on parchment until firm enough to dislodge with a spatula, for about 5 minutes. Gently transfer to racks in a single layer. Arrange and bake the remaining coins in the same manner. Cool the cookies completely on racks. Store in an airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [3 ounces 34 stick unsalted butter, 1 14 cups shelled pistachios, 78 cup 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier or other orange liqueur], title: Pistachio Lace Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55699: {instructions: Heat the vinegar, sugar and a splash of water in a small saucepan just long enough to dissolve the sugar. Transfer to a small serving bowl and let cool.nPeel the cucumber, then grate it on the large holes of a box grater or in a food processor using the shredding disk, or with a mandoline. Place the cucumber in a sieve and season with sea salt. Let drain for 20 to 30 minutes.nPress the liquid from the cucumber, and then add the cucumber to the bowl with the vinegar mixture. Stir in the creme fraiche and season with white pepper. Adjust the salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 large seedless cucumber, Sea salt, 12 cup creme fraiche, Freshly ground white pepper], title: Cucumber Salad, picturelink: tpNthQuhxqPHkARnCa6kVetXOHGDTbC}, 55700: {instructions: Cook the rice according to package directions set aside to cool.nPut the chicken carcass and bones in a large pot they can be in pieces. Cover with the broth and 4 cups water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat reduce the heat and simmer for 20 minutes. Skim any foam or fat from the top of the broth with a ladle as necessary.nRemove the bones and carcass with tongs or a slotted spoon set aside to cool. Add the carrots, celery, onion and bay leaf to the broth. Bring back to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are about half cooked they will still offer a little resistance when poked with a knife, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, when the carcass and bones are cool enough to handle, pick off any meat and shred it into bitesize pieces. Roughly chop the cilantro and scallions together.nAdd the shredded chicken, cooked rice, hominy and cilantroscallion mixture to the broth and simmer until warmed through, about 1 minute. Season with 12 teaspoon salt or more to taste. Serve hot with lime wedges., ingredients: [12 cup wild rice, Carcass and bones from one 4 to 5pound roast chicken or a mildflavored rotisserie chicken, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 medium carrots, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 2 celery stalks, cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 medium onion, chopped, Kosher salt, 12 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves, 3 scallions, One 15ounce can hominy, drained, Lime wedges for serving, 1 bay leaf], title: Chicken Soup with Wild Rice and Hominy, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 55701: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onion and saute until tender and golden brown, about 15 minutes. Add garlic, cumin, cinnamon and allspice and stir 1 minute. Add beer, mustard and honey and bring to boil sauce will foam. Remove from heat. Puree in batches in blender until smooth. Cool to room temperature. Pour into baking dish. Add pork loin turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight, turning occasionally.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Remove pork from marinade pat dry. Reserve marinade. Heat oil in heavy large skillet over medium heat. Season pork with salt and pepper. Add to skillet and brown on all sides. Transfer to baking sheet with rim. Roast in oven for 34 to 1 hour or until thermometer inserted into thickest part registers 155 degrees F. Transfer pork to work surface reserve any pan juices.nCombine pan juices and marinade in saucepan. Bring to boil. Reduce heat to simmer. Mix butter and flour in small bowl until smooth paste forms. Add to sauce and simmer until sauce thickens. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cut pork into slices. Pour sauce over.nBullet Pointsn. The first Oktoberfest marked Prince Ludwigs marriage to Princess Therese it was so much fun that it evolved into an annual celebration of German food and culture.n. Mexico has a long tradition of producing beer. It is said to have had the first commercial brewery in the New World in the 1500s and has been making lagers since 1880s or 1890s.n. Corona still enjoys a bit of a following in the U.S. which is funny because it is made as cheaply as possible so it can be sold inexpensively to manual workers in Mexico. Every Mexican brewery has a product in its portfolio. Some of the best Mexican beers are the chocolatety Negro Modelo, which is perfect with chicken mole, the dark reddish amber Dos Equis, and Nochebuena.n. In Mexico, beer is still sometimes served at room temperature which is especially good for the heartier beers. Lighter bodied beers are better served chilled., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 12ounce bottles beer not dark, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup honey, 1 3 12 pound boneless pork loin, tied, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, room temperature, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour], title: Roasted Pork Loin with Beer Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55702: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the shrimp, cherry tomatoes and garlic on a baking sheet, then drizzle with olive oil and toss. Season with salt and pepper.nRoast until the shrimp are opaque and the tomatoes begin to burst, 10 to 12 minutes. Finish with a squeeze of the lemon half., ingredients: [1 pound peeled and deveined shrimp, tails on, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon], title: Roasted Shrimp with Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: sRTMtp1G3UrN.Apu7MB0xMXwonhIjye}, 55703: {instructions: Slice vanilla beans in half. In a saucepan bring milk, cream, cinnamon sticks, vanilla beans, and zests to a simmer for a few minutes. Discard cinnamon and vanilla beans.nIn a bowl whisk the egg yolks together with the cornstarch and 2 cups sugar until incorporated and creamy. Slowly add this mixture into the saucepan of warm milk, mixing continuously.nSlowly heat the mixture over low heat, stirring the entire time, until it begins to thicken. Make sure that it does not boil. Pour into 12 shallow serving dishes, cool to room temperature, and refrigerate for several hours.nTo serve sprinkle cold custards with the remaining sugar and caramelize with a torch or under a hot broiler., ingredients: [2 vanilla beans, 3 cups whole milk, 3 cups heavy cream, 3 cinnamon sticks, 3 lemons, zested, 3 oranges, zested, 18 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 14 cups sugar], title: Creme Catalan, picturelink: QHOUz06A2trwa5p264VcdoYiaJaire}, 55704: {instructions: Sauce:nIn a saucepan, sweat the shallots in butter. Add the Champagne and heavy cream and bring to boil then reduce heat to a simmer for 10 minutes. Blend the sauce and strain. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Keep warm and set aside.nScallops:nScore all the scallops and season with salt and pepper. Heat up a saute pan with sesame oil and sear both sides of the scallops, 3 minutes on each side.nNori Egg Roll:nBeat and season the eggs as if for scrambling. Sweat bok choy and carrots in sesame oil and season. Add the eggs and scramble until semi dry. Place nori in sushi mat and roll the scrambled egg into a sushi roll. Cut each roll in equal sizes on a bias.nTo plate: add the caviar to the warm sauce and divide the sauce into 4 plates.nPlate 3 scallops each and top it with the nori  egg roll. Add orchid and chives to decorate., ingredients: [2 medium shallots, 1 teaspoon butter, 2 cups Champagne, 1 cup heavy cream, 4 teaspoons caviar, Salt and pepper, 12 sea scallops, 2 teaspoon sesame oil, 4 large eggs, 1 baby bok choy, sliced fine, 1 medium carrot, peeled and julienne, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 2 nori sheets, Orchid flowers and chives, for garnish], title: B.E.D. of Scallops and Nori  egg roll with Champagne Cavier Sauce, picturelink: null}, 55705: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and coat two 9inchround cake pans with cooking spray line with parchment paper. Prepare the cake mix as directed transfer the batter to the pans. Bake and cool as directed.nCombine half of the frosting with the crushed candy. Place 1 cake on a small cardboard circle, domedside down spread with the candy frosting. Place the other cake on top, domedside up.nRound the bottom and top edges of the layer cake with a small serrated knife as shown. Cover the whole cake with a thin layer of the remaining plain frosting.nMicrowave the marshmallows with 14 cup water in a large bowl until melted. Add the peppermint extract gradually beat in all but 12 cup confectioners sugar with a mixer until thick and stiff. Beat in the butter.nRemove half of the frosting mixture knead in a little more confectioners sugar until smooth. Roll out into a 13inch circle on a piece of parchment dusted with confectioners sugar.nCarefully invert the rolledout frosting onto the cake peel off the parchment, brushing off the excess sugar. Tuck around the bottom edge of the cake, pressing gently to adhere trim the excess.nBeat enough gel food coloring into the remaining frosting mixture until bright red. Knead in the remaining confectioners sugar until smooth.nRoll out the red frosting until 14 inch thick. Cut a 7by1 34inch wavy stripe with a pointed tip out of paper for a template, go to foodnetwork.comcaketemplate. Using the template, cut out 7 red stripes of frosting.nCarefully arrange the red stripes around the cake with the tips meeting at the center press gently to adhere and tuck around the bottom of the cake, then trim any excess. Wrap the cake in cellophane.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 16to18ounce box chocolate cake mix plus required ingredients, 1 16ounce tub vanilla frosting, 14 cup crushed candy canes or peppermint candies, 1 10.5ounce bag mini marshmallows, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract, 2 1pound boxes confectioners sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Red gel food coloring], title: Peppermint Candy Cake, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 55706: {instructions: Whisk the eggs and a pinch of salt in a bowl. Heat 12 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the eggs and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until just set, about 20 seconds transfer to a plate.nAdd the remaining 12 tablespoon vegetable oil to the skillet along with the curry powder cook over medium heat, stirring, until the oil turns yellow, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and ginger and cook, stirring, until the onion is slightly softened, about 2 minutes season with salt. Add the pineapple and corn and continue to cook until slightly softened, 2 to 3 more minutes.nStir in the rice, breaking up any clumps with a wooden spoon. Add 1 tablespoon water and continue to cook, stirring, until the rice is warmed through, about 3 minutes. Stir in the eggs drizzle with the sesame oil and season with salt.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 large eggs, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 small onion, diced, 2 teaspoons finely grated peeled ginger, 1 cup chopped pineapple, 12 15ounce can baby corn, drained and rinsed, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 cups cold cooked white rice, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil optional], title: PineappleCorn Fried Rice, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 55707: {instructions: Heat the olive oil. When hot add the onions and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until tender. Add the cucumbers and radishes and saute for about a minute or just until hot. Add the tomatoes and lettuce and saute just until lettuce wilts. Remove from heat, add vinegar and season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 2 kirby cucumbers, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch half moons, 1 bunch radishes, trimmed thinly sliced, 2 tomatoes, seeded and cut into 12 inch dice, 2 cups strips or romaine of washed escarole lettuce, 2 teaspoons tarragon or white wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Saute of Summer Salad, picturelink: null}, 55708: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, reduce the wine to about 2 12 cups. While still hot, add the remaining ingredients and steep overnight, refrigerated.nStrain the mixture and fill ice pop molds freeze until solid., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle fruity red wine, 1 cup unsweetened pomegranate juice, 14 cup simple syrup, 2 tablespoons corn syrup, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons red grape juice, 2 apples, cored and chopped, 2 oranges, chopped, 2 ripe pears, chopped], title: Sangria Ice Pops, picturelink: Nims2huUk.q4iMXx7JHpwIh8Evur15i}, 55709: {instructions: Put the cucumber slices in the bottom of a large pitcher. Gently roll the lemon verbena sprigs back and forth a few times in your hands to release the scent, then add them to the pitcher along with the water. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 small cucumber, thinly sliced, 6 sprigs fresh lemon verbena, torn, 2 quarts 8 cups filtered water], title: Cucumber and Lemon Verbena Water, picturelink: CtRxlS6p1qy2NO3t3WgSR4YMQbHex.}, 55710: {instructions: For the tortilla chips: Heat oil in a deep fryer to 340 to 350 degrees F. Fry the tortillas, in batches, until firm. Drain on paper towels and season immediately with salt. For the new mexican rubbed pork tenderloin: Combine the ancho chili powder, sugar, pasilla chili powder, salt, allspice, chile de arbol, cinnamon and some black pepper in a small bowl. Heat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Sprinkle the pork with salt on both sides, and then dredge in the spice rub, tapping off any excess. Sear the pork on all sides until golden brown, and then continue cooking to medium doneness or when an instantread thermometer inserted into the center registers 135 to 140 degrees F, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes before thinly slicing. For the mornay sauce: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook 1 minute. Slowly whisk in 2 cups of the warm milk, bring to a boil and continue whisking until the sauce thickens and the flour taste has been cooked out, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and slowly whisk in the Monterey Jack a handful at a time. Continue whisking until smooth, adding more milk if too thick. Whisk in the ParmigianoReggiano and season with salt, black pepper and chile de arbol. Set aside. For the avocadocorn relish: Combine the avocado, corn, jalapeno, lime juice, onions and olive oil in a bowl. Season with salt and black pepper, and fold in the cilantro. For the charred jalapenos: Toss the jalapenos with the oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Char in a castiron pan over high heat or on a baking sheet in a 400 degrees F oven until the skin is charred on both sides. Let cool before slicing. For assembly: Arrange the tortilla chips on a large platter in a single layer. Top each chip with a heaping teaspoon of the avocadocorn relish, a slice of pork and some of the Mornay sauce. Garnish with the sliced charred jalapenos, pickled red onions, a dollop of the goat cheese and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [Canola oil, for deep frying, 6 blue corn tortillas, cut into strips, 6 flour tortillas, cut into quarters, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon pasilla chili powder, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons allspice, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, split in half, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 to 2 12 cups whole milk, heated, 12 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, grated, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch chile de arbol, 2 ripe Hass avocados, diced, 2 ears corn, roasted in husks and grilled, kernels removed, 1 Charred Jalapeno, seeded and finely diced, recipe follows, Juice of 1 lime, 12 small red onion, finely diced, Splash olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish, 6 jalapenos, 2 teaspoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pickled red onions, for garnish, 4 ounces soft goat cheese, cut into small pieces, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Pork Tenderloin Nachos with Mornay Sauce, AvocadoCorn Relish, Charred Jalapeno and Goat Cheese, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 55711: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend for 30 to 40 seconds, until frothy. Pour into serving glasses. Garnish with a pineapple wedge or lime wheel., ingredients: [1 6ounce can pineapple juice, 1 cup grapefruitflavored soda recommended: Fresca, 3 shots vodka, 2 tablespoons frozen limeade concentrate recommended: Minute Maid, Ice cubes, Lime wheelslime rind or pineapple wedge, for garnish], title: Pineapple Refresher, picturelink: wCgYBf1kVN0ubVva..IGucW6muWOEye}, 55712: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt 2 tablespoons butter in a Dutch oven or large saucepan with a lid over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook until just beginning to turn golden about 5 minutes. Add the carrots and celery root and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the stock, and enough water to just cover the vegetables. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer, cover, and cook until vegetables are fork tender, about 30 minutes.nDrain the vegetables in a colander set over a bowl to reserve the cooking liquid. Transfer the vegetables to a food processor and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Puree until very smooth, adding cooking liquid, as needed, to reach the desired consistency. Taste and season again, if necessary. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve warm.nCooks Note: This can be made the day before and slowly reheated., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large shallots, peeled and chopped, 3 extralarge or 4 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 2 celery roots, 1 pound each, peeled and cut into 12inch chunks, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 cups good quality vegetable stock], title: Carrot Celery Root Puree, picturelink: YTSHl3fLGzrwZhuAn7sMUQEdjWujF6}, 55713: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare two 9inch cake pans by rubbing with butter, sprinkling with flour and tapping out extra. In a large bowl combine flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Mix together with a wooden spoon then set aside. In small bowl combine eggs, milk, oil and vanilla. Beat well with hand mixer. Slowly add boiling water and mix. Add wet ingredients to flour mixture and fold and stir until smooth. Pour batter into pans, dividing evenly. Bake for 3035 minutes. Remove cake from pans and cool on racks., ingredients: [1 34 cups all purpose flour, 2 cups sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup boiling water], title: Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 55714: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 large pastry bags a pastry bag fitted with a small round tip a 10inch and 6inch cake board a fondant smoother 5 large wide plastic strawsnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray the bottom and sides of three 10inch round cake pans and three 6inch round pans dust with flour, and tap out the excess.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl set aside.nBeat the butter, granulated sugar and oil in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then the vanilla and orange zest.nTransfer the creamed mixture to a very large mixing bowl, then alternate folding the flour mixture and the milk into the batter with a large whisk or spatula, adding the flour in 3 additions and the milk in 2, starting and ending with the flour, just until smooth.nDivide the cake batter among 6 different bowls and color each with a different rainbow color using gel food coloring. Add 1 color batter to each of 6 large pastry bags without tips. Add the batter evenly to all the pans by snipping the ends of pastry bags and piping into the center of each pan with 1 color, then repeating with the remaining colors, taking care to always pipe the batter directly into the center of the pan.nBake the cakes, rotating the pans halfway through, until a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out mostly clean with some moist crumbs sticking to it, 20 to 30 minutes the 6inch cakes will be closer to 20 minutes the 10inch cakes will be closer to 30. Cool the cakes in the pans on a rack for 10 minutes, then remove the cakes to the rack to cool completely.nFor the American buttercream: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the butter, confectioners sugar, milk, vanilla if using, and salt. Whip the mixture on low speed for a while. When the sugar is incorporated, turn the mixer speed up and whip until the buttercream is smooth and looks right to you. It its too wet, add a bit more confectioners sugar. If its too stiff, add a bit more butter. Be sure to scrape the sides of the bowl once or twice to make sure everything is combined.nUse immediately or store in an airtight container at room temperature for 24 hours, or in the fridge for up to 2 weeks. Rewhip cold buttercream before using it.nFor the royal icing: Using a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip most of the confectioners sugar with the egg whites and lemon juice. Whip until the royal icing holds its shape and is bright white not translucent, 5 to 8 minutes. If it is too soft, add more confectioners sugar. If it is too stiff, add a bit of water, drop by drop. Add a few drops of food coloring and keep whipping until you have the shade you want.nTo store royal icing, scrape it out of the bowl and into a plastic, disposable piping bag, then leave it at room temperature. Dont cut the bag until youre ready to use it, and dont overfill the bagu00bfyou want enough room to tie the back of the bag off to keep the royal icing airtight.nTo assemble the cake: Use a serrated knife to level off the tops of any cakes that may have domed during baking. Place a 10inch cake layer onto a cardboard cake board and spread about 34 cup buttercream in an even layer on top. Top with another 10inch cake layer and repeat until all 10inch layers are stacked. Use the buttercream to spread a thin even crumb coat on the side and top of the cake. Repeat this process with the 6inch layers and place both cakes in the fridge so the frosting sets, about 30 minutes.nRoll 3 pounds fondant into a circle about 14inch thick. Drape over the top of the 10inch cake and use a fondant smoother to adhere and smooth the sides and top. Use a paring knife to make a small x in the top of the cake to remove any air trapped inside as you smooth the fondant. Use a pizza cutter to trim the excess fondant from the bottom of the cake. Repeat this process with the 6inch cake using the remaining 2 pounds fondant.nInto the center of the 10inch cake, insert 5 large wide plastic straws straight down through to the bottom these will support the 6inch cake on top, so make sure the straws are arranged in a circle no bigger than 6inches in diameter. Trim the straws with scissors so they are flush with the top of the cake. Stack the 6inch cake on top of the 10inch cake. Fit a small round tip onto the pastry bag with the royal icing, then pipe a border along the bottom of both cakes. Adhere dragees in a scattered pattern all over the cake using tiny dots of royal icing. Roll a small piece of fondant and cut as many leaves as you like, then adhere to the cake with a tiny dab of water or royal icing. Sprinkle the entire cake with edible glitter., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 8 14 cups allpurpose flour, spooned and leveled, plus more for the pans, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 6 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 15 large eggs, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons orange zest, 3 34 cups milk, Gel food coloring, as desired, 4 sticks 2 cups butter, softened, or more as needed, 6 cups confectioners sugar, or more as needed, 14 cup whole milk, 1 to 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract or any other flavor you want, optional, Pinch kosher salt, 4 cups confectioners sugar, or more as needed, 3 pasteurized extralarge egg whites, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Gel food coloring, as desired, 5 pounds fondant, plus additional for decorating, Dragees, for decorating, Edible glitter, for decorating], title: TwoTiered TieDyed Orange Cake, picturelink: syUNYQFj3Gsq1gPbEmodWmkoj3vr4T2}, 55715: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin pan or two 24cup mini muffin pans with paper liners lightly spray the liners with cooking spray. Soak the prunes in a bowl with 34 cup hot water until softened, about 10 minutes. Pour into a blender and puree until smooth.nWhisk the allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon in a large bowl. In another bowl, whisk the prune puree, brown sugar, eggs, yogurt, vegetable oil and vanilla. Fold the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients until just combined its fine if there are a few lumps.nDivide the batter among the muffin cups, filling each threequarters of the way. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes for standardsize cupcakes, or 12 to 14 minutes for minis. Transfer to a rack and let cool in the pan, 10 minutes, then remove from the pan to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Whisk the egg whites, granulated sugar, cream of tartar and salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water until the sugar dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the bowl from the pan. Transfer the egg white mixture to a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment beat on mediumhigh speed until stiff peaks form, 3 to 5 minutes. Sift in the cocoa powder and add the vanilla and orange zest beat to combine. Spread the frosting on the cupcakes.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 12 cup loosely packed pitted prunes, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup wholewheat flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup lowfat plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large egg whites, 13 cup granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon finely grated orange zest optional], title: Chocolate Cupcakes With Meringue Frosting, picturelink: R.0qPcCDOlMmBclNFRDjMsSouYmR4K}, 55716: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 empty cardboard cereal box or cracker boxnArrange the empty cardboard cereal or cracker box upright on a piece of aluminum foilcovered cardboard you can tape it down to secure it. Tape the top flaps of the box together to form a pitched roof. Frost the whole box with chocolate frosting and then stick on the graham crackers onto the sides and roof of the box. Fill in the cracks by squeezing the frosting through a pastry bag with plain tip you can also use a plastic bag with a small hole cut from the corner. Draw crooked windows with the frosting and board them up with graham cracker scraps. Shingle the roof with candy corns. To add a porch, glue with the frosting a graham cracker horizontally to the side of the house and support it with licorice or candy sticks. For a backyard graveyard, flatten the marshmallows, snip off the side with scissors and use frosting to stand them up and decorate with R.I.P.. Add a crooked walkway of Necco wafers and a Keep Out sign with a wafer written in frosting. Sprinkle crushed chocolate cookies to fill in the yard and decorate house with candies., ingredients: [1 can chocolate frosting, 1 empty cardboard cereal box or cracker box, 1 box chocolate graham crackers, Candies such as black shoestring and twisted black licorice, orange candy corns, orange Tic, 1 bag marshmallows, Tacs, MMs and Necco wafers, 1 box chocolate cookies crushed], title: Haunted Graham Cracker House, picturelink: null}, 55717: {instructions: In a small bowl stir together gremolata ingredients and season with salt., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleafed parsley leaves wash and dry before chopping, 1 teaspoon minced garlic about 1 large clove, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, Freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Gremolata, picturelink: null}, 55718: {instructions: Mix 12 cup salsa, 2 smashed avocados, 2 tablespoons each lime juice and chopped cilantro, and salt to taste. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [], title: Salsamole, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 55719: {instructions: Cook rice according to package directions with salt and water butter, optional. When the rice has cooled a bit, transfer to a large mixing bowl and combine gently with the black beans, which have been rinsed and drained.nChop the red onion and taste to see if its too strong for an uncooked salad. If strong, soak the onion in cold water, spiked with a bit of sugar and vinegar, for 10 minutes.nDrain onion and add to rice mixture, along with the jicama, olives and both bell peppers.nHeat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add ham saute, stirring, 2 to 3 minutes, adding the minced garlic for the last minute of cooking. Add ham mixture to rice.nAdd the remaining 3 tablespoons oil to a small jar. Add vinegar, cumin, chili powder, salt and pepper in small jar with lid. Shake well and drizzle the dressing over the salad.nToss with a fork and taste for salt and pepper. Serve at room temperature for best flavor., ingredients: [3 cups cooked rice 1 cup uncooked, 1 can black beans 15 or 16 ounces, 1 medium red onion, chopped, 1 cup jicama, cut in tiny cubes, 12 cup sliced green or black olives, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup diced green bell pepper, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 34 cup cubed cooked ham, 1 garlic clove, minced, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Ham and Black Bean Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 55720: {instructions: Special equipment: Elastack molding material Copper luster dustnMake the molds: Place the Elastack molding material in a saucepan over medium heat until melted. Use metal rulers to outline the mold that you would like to make. For my centerpiece, I used drama masks, a phantom mask, a souvenir plate and taxi magnets. Place the rulers on a parchment paper lined sheet pan, and place the item to be molded in the center of that space. Pour the melted Elastack over the item to be molded until it is completely covered. Let this set for about 30 minutes until the Elastack hardens.nWhen the molds are complete, gently remove the molded item. Now you are ready to fill the cavity with either white or dark chocolate. I used white chocolate for the taxi, plate, phantom mask and 1 of the drama masks. I used dark chocolate for the other drama mask. Use a ladle or spoon to fill the mold with chocolate. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. When the chocolate sets, carefully remove the chocolate from the mold by peeling away the molding material. Repeat this process with all of the molds you have made.nMake the statue: Use a ladle to fill a mold with white chocolate. When it is full, empty it into the bowl of chocolate. The inside of the mold should be evenly coated with chocolate. Wipe the edge of the mold clean on the side of the bowl and place it upside down on a wire rack placed over a baking sheet. Once the chocolate starts to harden, about 5 minutes, scrape the edge clean with a paring knife. When the chocolate sets, it shrinks or retracts from the sides of the mold. A clean edge will keep it from sticking and cracking as it shrinks. You can place the mold in the refrigerator for several minutes to help the chocolate to harden. Unmold.nIf you want to paint the statue, mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use a yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Use a paintbrush to apply color where you are inspired to do so. I also used the copper luster dust to give the statue a realistic look.nIf you want to paint the plate, use a dry paintbrush to apply the copper luster dust to the face of the plate.nMake the dark chocolate apple outline: Use a food safe rubber tube that is 6feet long and 1 12inches in diameter. Position it on a parchment paper lined flat surface. I used heavy cans of fruits and vegetables to shape the tube into the form of an apple. Place the tempered chocolate in a large pastry bag. Use the bag to fill the tube with chocolate. Prop 1 end up so you can see when the tube is full. When the entire tube is full, seal the ends and allow the chocolate to harden. When the chocolate has set completely, carefully use an Xacto knife to cut through the center of the tube. Carefully peel the tubing from the chocolate.nMake the apple stem: Use the same technique as described above to make the apple stem. My finished stem is about 12 inches long.nI used vegetable oil to glaze my chocolate apple and stem to give it a nice shine. Use any oil and apply it with a pastry brush.nMake a base: Use flexible aluminum strips or very large cake ring to form a base. The base I made was 15inches in diameter. Place it on a parchment paper lined surface. Pour tempered dark chocolate inside the ring to form a 12inchthick layer. When the chocolate has set, remove the ring and peel off the parchment paper.nMake a support pole: Roll a piece of 32inch long piece of parchment paper into a cone that has a bottom diameter of 212 inches and tapers to a point. Tape it closed. This piece will support the mold so make sure it is long enough and thick enough to support the centerpiece you are making. Set the cone on end and fill with dark chocolate. When it is full, invert the cone over the bowl of chocolate allowing the excess chocolate to flow back into the bowl. Spin the cone so the chocolate inside is evenly coated. Let set. When the chocolate has set, repeat this step a few more times. You want the cone to be quite sturdy as the rest of the centerpiece will rest on this cone. Allow the chocolate cone to set until hard. Remove the parchment paper. Use a hot knife to trim the base of the cone so it is flat. Then use the knife to scar the bottom of the cone and the base. You want to make it somewhat textured so it will form a better seal to the base. Use tempered chocolate to glue the pole onto the base. Position it well so you can rest the molded chocolate against it.nMake the theatre tickets: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. If you are using the silkscreen, it will be easier if you cut the ticket after you have transferred the design to it. Melt the dark chocolate over a double boiler. Hold the silkscreen over the chocolate. Use a plastic scraper with a straight edge. Apply about a teaspoon of chocolate to the scraper and gently pull the chocolate across the design. Carefully lift off the silkscreen. It will dry almost immediately. Use the tip of a hot paring knife to cut the ticket with the centered design. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate.nMake the signs and logo decorations: Use an offset spatula to spread a 14inchthick layer of tempered white chocolate over a sheet of acetate. Let the chocolate set slightly. Use a paring knife to cut the shape of the decoration you would like to make. When the chocolate is set, peel off the acetate. If you want to paint the chocolate, mix together a few tablespoons of the cocoa butter with a small amount of powdered food color. It will be easier if you use yogurt machine to store and warm your paints. Use a paintbrush to apply color where you are inspired to do so. I made signs for NYFD and NYPD and logos for The Mets and The New York Yankees.nIf you use an airbrush, simply place a few drops of color in the receptacle of the airbrush and decorate, as you are inspired.nAssemble: Use tempered chocolate and chocolate cold spray to glue the molded pieces and decorations onto the centerpiece., ingredients: [10 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 5 pounds white chocolate, tempered, Cocoa butter, Powdered food coloring, as desired], title: Toast of New York, picturelink: null}, 55721: {instructions: Add 3 tablespoons of the butter to a medium skillet, over medium heat, until melted. Add the leeks and cook until the leeks are broken down and softened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nMelt the remaining butter in large saucepan, over medium heat. When the butter foams, add the potatoes and onions and stir to coat with the butter. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and cover with a lid. Reduce the heat and let cook for 8 minutes without browning. In a separate saucepan, bring the stock to the boil over medium heat. Add the stock to the potato mixture and simmer for 5 minutes. Let the soup cool for about 5 minutes, then add the milk. Carefully transfer the soup to a food processor and pulse until smooth. Pour the soup into serving bowls, then spoon the reserved leeks on top. Sprinkle with chives and parsley and serve., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter, divided, 12 pound fresh leeks, cleaned, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 pounds peeled russet potatoes, 1 onion, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 12 pints lowsodium vegetable stock or chicken stock, 34 cup milk, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped chives, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves], title: Potato Leek Soup, picturelink: null}, 55722: {instructions: In a large heavybottomed pot, pour in enough oil to fill the pot about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nLine a sheet tray with a wire cooling rack. Slice chicken into 2inch pieces. In a large bowl, whisk together eggs, cayenne, salt and black pepper to taste. In a paper bag, shake together salt, pepper, flour and cornstarch. Dip the chicken in batches, first in egg mixture, then in the flour mixture and shake to coat. Set on a wire rack and let sit 10 minutes. While chicken is resting, prepare sauce. In a large straight sided saute pan combine orange zest, orange juice, brown sugar, butter, hot pepper flakes and Worcestershire sauce. Stir, bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer until thickened, 5 to 8 minutes. Carefully place chicken in hot oil and fry until golden and crispy, 5 to 8 minutes. Transfer to the saute pan with the sauce and toss until evenly coated. Remove to a serving platter and serve on Stormy Rice.nIn a medium saucepan, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic and rice and saute 4 minutes, stirring, so that the rice toasts and the garlic cooks. Add the chicken broth to the rice mixture, bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Cover and cook for 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit covered another 5 minutes. Stir in the peanuts, scallions, and salt and pepper, to taste. Rice can be made 1 day ahead, then warmed and combined with other ingredients before serving., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 8 boneless skinless chicken thighs, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 orange, zested, 1 12 cups orange juice, 13 cup dark brown sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons hot pepper flakes, 1 12 tablespoons, Worcestershire sauce, Stormy Rice, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 2 cloves garlic, minced 1 cup white rice, rinsed, 2 cups chicken broth 14 cup slightly crushed peanuts, 2 scallions, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Airman Andersons Chicken, picturelink: null}, 55723: {instructions: 1. Pour vegetable oil into a cast iron or fry pan and heat until oil shimmers. Sprinkle hamburger patty with salt and pepper on both sides and add to hot fry pan.n2. While burger is cooking, add bun, cut side down, to fry pan. Heat until grilled, 2 to 3 minutes, then remove.n3. Cook burger to desired doneness and turn off heat. Lay pepper jack cheese on burger and cover pan until melted.n4. Spread Thousand Island dressing on bottom of bun and layer burger, Vlasicu00ae Bread and Butter Chips and Vlasicu00ae Hot Jalapeu00f1o Slices on top. Add lettuce and top of bun., ingredients: [2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 6 oz. ground beef patty or veggie patty, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 1 hamburger bun, 1 slice pepper jack cheese, Thousand Island dressing, Vlasicu00ae Bread and Butter Chips, Vlasicu00ae Hot Jalapeu00f1o Slices, 1 to 2 leaves of red leaf lettuce], title: Southwestern Pickled Jalapeand241o Burger, picturelink: null}, 55724: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMy favorite thing about this recipe is putting the salad into the oven and lightly wilting it just before serving. A simple touch that makes the flavors more intense and the texture more inviting. Other simple touches that make the difference Taking care that all the greens are thoroughly washed and dried. A mouthful with grit or excess moisture that dilutes the flavors of the dressing can make a great salad less than perfect.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, add the bourbon and the apple slices. Season with salt and black pepper and stir to combine. Set aside.nMake the dressing: In a large bowl, or with a mortar and pestle, lightly crush the pecans until they are in small pieces and season with salt. Add the olive oil and whisk with the nuts to make a pastelike mixture. Stir in the cider vinegar and some black pepper. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve, add the greens to a large bowl and stir in the dressing. Toss to coat the greens with the dressing. Transfer the salad to a platter or individual plates. Put the platter in the oven with the door ajar until the greens wilt ever so slightly, about 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the oven and top with the apple slices. Cooks Note: if there is any excess bourbon, leave it behind in the bowl as you top the salad with the apples. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon bourbon, 3 medium apples McIntosh, if available washed, cheeks removed and cut into 12inch thick slices, 34 cup pecan halves, Kosher salt, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, Freshly cracked black pepper, 2 heads radicchio, cores removed, leaves removed, torn into bitesize pieces and washed and dried, 1 head arugula leaves, washed and dried, 1 head chicory, stems removed, washed and dried, 1 head escarole leaves, torn into bitesize pieces, washed and dried, 2 heads endive, bottoms removed and the leaves halved lengthwise], title: Salad of Winter Greens, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 55725: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the butter and 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan, add the mushrooms, and cook over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes, until they are tender. Add the sherry and continue to saute for a few more minutes, until the sherry is absorbed. Set aside.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add a splash of olive oil and a pinch of salt. Add the pasta and cook for 6 to 8 minutes, until al dente. Drain well.nMeanwhile, melt the truffle butter in a large 4quart saucepan and whisk in the flour. Cook for 2 minutes over low heat, stirring constantly with a whisk. Slowly whisk in the hot milk and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the white sauce is thickened and creamy. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, 1 12 tablespoons salt, the pepper, and nutmeg.nCombine the pasta, sauce, and mushrooms in a large bowl and pour them into a 10 by 13 by 2inch baking dish.nPlace the garlic and parsley in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse until theyre minced. Add the bread crumbs and pulse to combine. Sprinkle the crumbs over the pasta and bake for 35 to 45 minutes, until the sauce is bubbly and the crumbs are golden brown. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Good olive oil, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps sliced 12inch, 12 pound cremini mushrooms, stems removed and caps sliced 12inch, 3 tablespoons cream sherry, Kosher salt, 1 pound pasta, such as cavatappi, 3 ounces white truffle butter recommended: DArtagnan, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart whole milk, scalded, 12 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated 4 cups, 8 ounces extrasharp Cheddar, grated 2 12 to 3 cups, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 12 cups fresh white bread crumbs], title: Mac and Cheese, picturelink: Jnn5.lZ0liYCNwGA7GN6nvOwNjyspQO}, 55726: {instructions: Making the espresso syrup: Into a bowl, pour the hot espresso, sugar, and rum. Stir until dissolved.nMaking the cupcake batter: In the large bowl of a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the eggs with the sugar and rum until thick and pale and tripled in volume, about 8 minutes. In another large bowl, sift together the flour and salt using a wiremesh sieve. Delicately fold onethird of the flour mixture into the egg mixture. Repeat two more times, until all the flour is incorporated into the egg mixture. Delicately fold in the melted butter.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line and butter a 12cup muffin tin.nMaking the cupcakes: Divide the batter equally among the prepared muffin cups. Bake on the center rack until the cupcakes are slightly golden around the edges and a toothpick comes out clean, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool on a rack for 10 minutes.nMaking the icing: In a medium bowl, combine the mascarpone, icing sugar and 3 tablespoons espresso syrup. Beat with a hand mixer until smooth. Set aside.nBrush each cooled cupcake generously with the remaining espresso syrup. Using a pastry bag or butter knife, ice each cupcake with 14 cup icing. Garnish with dark chocolate shavings. Refrigerate for 1 hour, or enjoy right away., ingredients: [12 cup hot espresso, 2 tablespoons raw sugar, 1 tablespoon rum, 6 eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup fine raw sugar or organic sugar, 1 tablespoon rum, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 13 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing, 2 cups mascarpone, at room temperature, 34 cup icing sugar, 2 ounces dark chocolate, shaved], title: Tiramisu Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 55727: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the macaroni and cook until slightly al dente, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside to keep warm.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl until frothy.nAdd the Velveeta, butter and 2 cups of the halfandhalf to the large bowl of eggs. Add the warm macaroni tossing until the cheese has melted and the mixture is smooth. Add the remaining halfandhalf, 3 cups of the sharp yellow Cheddar, the remaining grated cheeses, and salt and pepper, tossing until completely combined in the large bowl.nPour the mixture into 9 by 13inch casserole or baking dishes approximately 3 3quart baking dishes and bake for 30 minutes. Sprinkle with the remaining 1 cup of sharp yellow cheese and bake until golden brown on top, about 30 minutes more.nServe hot., ingredients: [2 pounds elbow macaroni, 12 eggs, 1 cup cubed Velveeta cheese, 12 pound 2 sticks butter, melted, 6 cups halfandhalf, divided, 4 cups grated sharp yellow Cheddar, divided, 2 cups grated extrasharp white Cheddar, 1 12 cups grated mozzarella, 1 cup grated Asiago, 1 cup grated Gruyere, 1 cup grated Monterey Jack, 1 cup grated Muenster, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper], title: Delilahs 7 Cheese Mac and Cheese, picturelink: HCcZjt6HxrSpaMh9qce6J9Nea0dCovO}, 55728: {instructions: On the thickest part of each side of the snappers, cut a 12inchthick incision along its length. Season the snappers inside and out with salt and pepper and tuck 3 tarragon sprigs inside each fishs body cavity.nCut 6 pieces of aluminum foil, each large enough to completely enclose each fish. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nArrange half of the julienned vegetables in beds in the center of each piece of foil and place a fish on top. Drizzle the fish generously with olive oil. Arrange the remaining vegetables on top, then cover with lemon slices and the remaining herbs.nClose the foil around each fish, double pleating the edges together to form airtight packages. Place the packages on a baking sheet and bake them until they have puffed up like balloons, about 15 minutes.nServe each foil package on a dinner plate. Let each guest carefully open the package to eat the fish, easing the fillets off the bone along the top incision and then pulling out the spine and ribs in a single piece., ingredients: [6 whole baby red snappers, 8 to 12 ounces each, cleaned and scaled, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 24 small sprigs fresh tarragon or basil, 1 carrot, cut into thin julienne strips, 1 small leek, thoroughly washed, cut into thin julienne strips, 1 small turnip, cut into thin julienne strips, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 lemons, thinly sliced], title: Red Snapper Cooked en Papillote with Julienned Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 55729: {instructions: Whisk together the oil, honey, lime juice, soy sauce and Sriracha in a medium bowl. Use as a quick marinade for peeled shrimp before grilling., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 14 cup honey, 14 cup lime juice, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup Sriracha], title: Sweet and Spicy Shrimp Marinade, picturelink: 0kO1OtIV0zfML2fsGLisjebMQ0FZU9e}, 55730: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle pork with salt and pepper. Add pork to the skillet and saute until brown, about 3 minutes per side. Remove from heat and transfer the pork to a square baking dish. Add the chicken stock and madeira to the skillet. Place over mediumhigh heat. Boil until reduced by half, scraping up browned bits, about 6 minutes. Pour over the pork.nClean and slice the mushrooms. Heat 2 teaspoons butter in the pork skillet. Add mushrooms to the skillet and saute until softened and brown.nBake pork until tender, about 25 minutes.nTransfer pork chops to serving plates. Place sauce over heat. Add mushrooms and a splash of cream into the sauce and bring to a boil. Stir the fines herbes into the sauce just before serving, reserving some to sprinkle over the pork chops. Spoon sauce over the pork chops. Sprinkle with more fines herbs., ingredients: [2 teaspoons oil, 2 1inch thick pork rib chops, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup madeira, 12 pound assorted wild mushrooms, 2 teaspoons butter, Splash of cream, 2 tablespoons fines herbes mixture of equal parts chopped chives, chervil, parsley and tarragon], title: Pork Chops with Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 55731: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saute pan on high heat, brown Italian sausage and drain grease for later use. Set aside.nMake a 1 to 1 12inch wide by 2inch deep incision into the pork chop and then season with salt and pepper on both sides.nIn a large saute pan on mediumhigh heat saute onions and celery in sausage grease until brown. Mix into pan: stuffing, apples, and chicken stock with wooden spoon. Remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature.nStuff each pork chop with stuffing mixture and then pan sear in hot oil, on each side, for 7 minutes in a large saute pan on medium heat. Place in oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for 15 to 20 minutes. Glaze pork and serve.nIn small mixing bowl, combine all ingredients until completely incorporated. Brush over cooked pork chops., ingredients: [8 ounces hot Italian sausage, without casing, 4 6ounce boneless pork chops, center cut, Salt and cracked black pepper, 12 cup onions, finely diced, 2 tablespoons finely diced celery, 1 16ounce bag stuffing, storebought, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and sliced, 14 cup chicken stock, 14 cup oil, Chipotle Honey Glaze, recipe follows, 6 ounces Dijon mustard, 2 ounces honey, 2 ounces chipotle sauce], title: Stuffed Pork, picturelink: null}, 55732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the grill for indirect heat using hickory and charcoal and heat to 250 degrees F.nPlace the ribs on a clean cutting board and pull off the membrane, the thin fatty skin that lines the underside of the ribs. Trim the ribs of excess fat and meat.nFor the rub: Whisk together 2 tablespoons salt, brown sugar, paprika, chile powder, cumin and pepper. Rub the beef ribs with the seasoning and place on a sheet tray, cover with plastic wrap, and if time, let marinate in the refrigerator for 8 hours or overnight.nFor the glaze: Add the maple syrup, apple juice, brown sugar, vinegar, mustard, chile powder, cayenne, salt and pepper to a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook until syrupy, about 8 minutes, stirring with a wooden spoon on occasion.nRemove the ribs from the refrigerator. Place the ribs meatiersidedown on the grill away from the coals. Cook the beef 3 hours, adding more coals as needed. Turn and cook until the ribs bend and the meat easily separates from the bone using a fork, about 45 minutes more. Brush on the glaze to the ribs and cook for another 5 minutes. Remove and slice into individual ribs., ingredients: [2 slabs BBQ beef ribs, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 14 cup apple juice, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon ancho chile powder, Pinch of cayenne, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: BBQ Beef Ribs, picturelink: MbCepcCLluuPe2og0ipb9BXg0erYTcu}, 55733: {instructions: Trim the tough dark green tops and stem ends of 12 leeks, but keep the bases intact. Halve lengthwise and rinse well. Boil in salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and cool in a bowl of salted ice water, then drain and pat dry. Whisk 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a bowl. Whisk in 13 cup walnut oil and drizzle over the leeks. Top with chopped toasted walnuts and chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: Leeks with Walnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 55734: {instructions: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the potatoes, covered, for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are just tender. While the potatoes are steaming, in a bowl stir together the mint, the parsley, the butter, the sour cream, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the potatoes to the herb mixture and toss them well., ingredients: [3 pounds small red potatoes, quartered lengthwise, 3 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons sour cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed New Potatoes with Mint and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 55735: {instructions: For the filling: Mix the apples with the pie filling ingredients in a bowl and let stand overnight, refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the pie crust: In a large bowl, combine the flour, shortening, salt, and sugar and mix together to a fine consistency, with no lumps of shortening. Then, add the water and knead until the mixture is moist and consistent. Dont over do it.nDivide the dough into 24 pieces. Roll out 2 pieces of the dough so that it is 2 inches larger than the pie pan. Place 1 piece of the dough in a large pie pan. Add the fruit mixture to about 1 to 1 12inches above pie pan. Place the remaining piece of over the filling to make the top crust and crimp around the edges to seal. Cut slits in the top crust for steam to escape during baking. Bake until crusts are golden brown.nRepeat this process 11 more times., ingredients: [50 Gala apples, peeled, cored, and chopped coarsely, 44 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and chopped coarsely, 3 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons apple pie spice, 1 tablespoon ground nutmeg, 4 cups sugar, 12 cup lemon juice, 5 pounds flour, 2 pounds vegetable shortening, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 cups water], title: Apple Pies, picturelink: null}, 55736: {instructions: Put the cereal in a large bowl. Combine the brown sugar, corn syrup, heavy cream and butter in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to medium and whisk until smooth. Continue cooking, whisking occasionally, until the mixture thickens and starts to pull away from the sides of the pan, 5 to 6 minutes it should register 230 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla, nutmeg and salt.nImmediately pour the caramel over the cereal and stir with a rubber spatula until evenly coated. Scoop heaping tablespoonfuls of the cereal mixture onto an ungreased baking sheet. Let cool slightly, then use your fingers to gently form each into a mound or pyramid shape sprinkle with nonpareils. Let cool completely.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [3 cups cornflake cereal, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch of kosher salt, Nonpareils, for decorating], title: NoBake Cereal Haystacks, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 55737: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nToss onions with extravirgin olive oil, thyme, salt and pepper. Combine with anchovies and roast 20 minutes, turning once. Transfer onions to a processor.nProcess the onions with olives and cheese until smooth. Adjust seasonings and transfer mixture to a bowl and garnish with lots of chopped chives. Surround dip with pita chips., ingredients: [2 large, sweet onions, coarsely chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground thyme or poultry seasoning, Salt and pepper, 1 tin flat fillets anchovies, drained and chopped, 12 cup chopped pitted black olives  your favorite variety, 10 ounces garlic and herb cheese recommended: Boursin, 2 5ounce containers, Chopped fresh chopped chives, for garnish, 2 bags store bought pita chips, available on snack aisle, any brand or flavor], title: Pitasaladip, picturelink: fXeZh5XhLT.6iEUud4bKMk.Sv84N5S}, 55738: {instructions: In a medium bowl whisk together olive oil, vinegar and dressing mix.nAdd cherry tomatoes, olives, basil and sliced scallions to bowl. Toss to combine., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon Italian dressing mix recommended: Good Seasons, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in 12, 1 15ounce can pitted black olives, 4 large fresh basil leaves, finely chopped, 2 scallions, cut in 12inch pieces], title: Cherry Tomatoes and Olive Salad, picturelink: NUseiECdYuzJy55cp2NolryAWnysLXO}, 55739: {instructions: In wok, saute eggplant and onion for approximately 4 minutes. Add asparagus and cabbage and cook 4 minutes more. Finally, add tomatoes, yucca, oregano, sage, thyme and salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and simmer 10 to 15 minutes.nHollow out centers of mini loaves. Serve stew inside hollowedout loaves. Garnish with bread from inside the loaves., ingredients: [2 to 3 ounces olive oil, 1 medium to large eggplant, cubed, 1 large onion, diced, 14 pound asparagus, cut into 1inch pieces, 6 leaves Napa cabbage, chopped, 1 basket cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, 12 pound yucca, peeled and cut into 14inch pieces, roasted 400 degrees 20 to 30 minutes, or until brown and tender, Oregano, Sage, Thyme, Salt and pepper to taste, Round miniloaves of bread], title: Wok Stew, picturelink: null}, 55740: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix together cherries, sugar, pecans, cinnamon and nutmeg. Put aside.nWith a melon scooper, core apples to hollow out the middle. Do not go all the way through. Fill each apple core with dry cherry mixture.nPour apple cider into casserole dish and place apples right side up. Place a pat of butter on apple hole filled with mixture. Drizzle maple syrup on top of all the apples. Bake for 50 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup dried cherries, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup chopped pecans, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground nutmeg, 6 Gala apples, rinsed, 12 cup apple cider, 3 tablespoons butter, cut into pats, 12 cup maple syrup], title: Baked Apples, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 55741: {instructions: Combine the flour, sugar, 1 teaspoon rosemary, 14 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a food processor and pulse until just combined. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal.nWhisk the eggs and egg yolk in a small bowl. With the motor running, add the eggs to the food processor and process until the dough just gathers into a ball. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead until soft and pliable. Press the dough into the bottom and about halfway up the side of a 9inch springform pan. Cover and refrigerate the crust until very cold, at least 1 hour or overnight.nSlice the tomatoes and spread them out on 2 baking sheets in a single layer. Sprinkle lightly with salt and set aside until they release some of their juices, about 30 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the fontina and all but 1 tablespoon of the pecorino in a bowl add the remaining 1 teaspoon rosemary.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pat the tomatoes gently with paper towels to absorb the excess moisture. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon panko in the crust, then top with onethird of the tomatoes. Scatter half of the ham over the tomatoes, then half of the cheese mixture. Repeat with the remaining 3 tablespoons panko, another onethird of the tomatoes and the remaining ham and cheese. Top with a final layer of tomatoes and sprinkle with the reserved 1 tablespoon pecorino drizzle with the olive oil.nTransfer the pan to a baking sheet and bake until the crust is golden and the cheese is melted, about 35 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool about 1 hour, then remove the springform ring.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 large eggs, plus 1 egg yolk, 2 12 to 3 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes, 3 cups shredded fontina cheese about 12 ounces, 12 cup grated pecorino romano or parmesan cheese, about 1 ounce, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 13 pound thinly sliced capicola ham, cut into strips, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil], title: TomatoFontina Torte with Rosemary Crust, picturelink: C3P1O7j6tL4tzcQ2iHOGKun4Udu4JiG}, 55742: {instructions: Put the beef in a large mixing bowl, and add all the marinade ingredients. Toss to make sure the beef is well coated. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the tomato sauce and tomato paste until smooth. Stir in the kimchee liquid from the container, the oregano, parsley, garlic, paprika, fennel and red pepper flakes. Transfer the mixture to a saucepan, put over mediumlow heat and simmer to blend flavors. Let simmer for about 20 minutes.nPreheat an indoor grill pan, but if not available, use a large skillet coated with sesame oil instead. Put a sheet of aluminum foil on the heated pan, and grill the beef, onion and mushrooms on the foil. Cook the beef until evenly browned, about 3 minutes on each side.nRoll out the pizza dough on a floured work surface, and transfer to a 17inch baking sheet. Spread the dough with some of the pizza sauce in an even layer. Cut pieces of kimchee with scissors and sprinkle on top. Add some sliced fontina, and top with some meat. Repeat with the other piece of pizza dough. Put the baking sheets in the oven and bake for 15 to 20 minutes.nIn a squeeze bottle mix the hoisin sauce, hot sauce and Korean red pepper paste.nWhile pizzas are still hot, sprinkle each with chopped green onions and drizzle with sauce from the squeeze bottle. Cut into squares and serve with a side of kimchee., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ribeye, sliced paper thin, 2 tablespoons mirin, 1 kiwi, juiced, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup soy sauce, 12 cup cola, 2 tablespoons black sesame oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 stalks green onions, julienned, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup chopped Kimchee, liquid reserved, 1 tablespoon ground oregano, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon ground paprika, 2 pinches fennel seed, 1 pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Sesame oil, 14 onion sliced, 4 fresh mushrooms, sliced, optional, 2 readymade wholewheat pizza crusts, Flour, for rolling pizza dough, 2 packages presliced fontina cheese, 1 stalk green onion, chopped, for garnish, 13 cup hoisin sauce, 13 cup hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, 13 cup Korean red pepper paste recommended: Gochujang], title: Korean BBQ Pizza, picturelink: null}, 55743: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour two 9inch round cake pans.nBeat the egg whites until stiff. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, cream together the butter, oil and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Mix in the egg yolks, vanilla and coconut.nIn a separate bowl, mix the flour, baking soda and baking powder. Alternate adding the buttermilk and dry ingredients to the wet ingredients. Mix until just combined, and then fold in the egg whites.nPour evenly into the prepared pans and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Then turn the cakes out onto cooling racks and allow to cool completely.nFor the frosting: In a medium bowl, combine the cream cheese, butter, vanilla and powdered sugar. Beat until light and fluffy. Stir in the pecans and coconut.nTo assemble: Cut each cake in half lengthwise so you are left with 4 layers. Spread the first layer with frosting and top with blueberries. Repeat the cake, frosting and blueberry layers until you have 4 layers of cake. Arrange more blueberries around the edge of each layer for structure., ingredients: [5 eggs, separated, 1 stick butter, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup buttermilk or 1 cup milk mixed with 1 teaspoon white vinegar, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, 1 stick butter, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 pounds powdered sugar, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 cup sweetened flaked coconut, 1 12 pints or 3 small containers blueberries], title: Billies Italian Cream Cake with Blueberries, picturelink: YzWWBf278cOYCEzrVUVmFZMyry6uUee}, 55744: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the lemon juice, lemon peel, honey, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 14 teaspoon of pepper in a blender. With the machine running, gradually blend in the oil.nToss the lettuce, endive, olives, parsley, and basil in a large bowl with enough dressing to coat. Season the salad with more salt and pepper, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 cup olive oil, 1 head romaine lettuce, coarsely chopped, 4 Belgian endives, thinly sliced crosswise, 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, halved, 1 cup lightly packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 34 cup lightly packed fresh basil leaves, torn into bitesize pieces], title: Italian Greens and Herb Salad, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 55745: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPulse the flour, lard, sugar, salt and 4 tablespoons of the butter in a food processor until it has the consistency of a fine meal. Add the remaining 8 tablespoons butter, and pulse until you have peasized pieces. Sprinkle the vodka and water over the flour, and pulse until the dough just comes together. Evenly divide the dough between 2 pieces of plastic wrap, and gently pat each into a round. Wrap each round tightly and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour and up to overnight., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup lard or vegetable shortening, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup vodka, 3 to 4 tablespoons icecold water], title: Vodka Pie Dough, picturelink: zlRELGQ.K0Ke1qaRtrkbi5GQjqb2T.}, 55746: {instructions: Special equipment: a piping bag fitted with a tipnFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line a cupcake pan with 12 paper liners.nSift together the flour, granulated sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Add 1 cup warm water, the vegetable oil, vanilla and vinegar and mix until combined be sure not to overmix.nDivide the batter among the cupcake liners and bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 16 to 18 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely before frosting.nFor the frosting: In a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, mix the vegan butter and shortening for 7 minutes, scraping down the bowl a couple times. Add half of the confectioners sugar and half of the cookie spread and mix on medium for another minute. Add the remaining confectioners sugar and cookie spread and mix on medium low to fully incorporate. Increase the speed to medium and whip until the mixture is very fluffy, about 2 more minutes. If the frosting looks too thick, add a splash of vanilla extract or soy milk.nFor the ganache: Using a double boiler or in the microwave, heat up the soy milk until it reaches a boil. Pour over the dark chocolate and wait a minute before stirring.nFill a piping bag with frosting and frost the cupcakes. Drizzle some ganache over each cupcake, and sprinkle the cookie crumbs on top., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar, 34 cup vegan butter substitute, 12 cup vegan shortening, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 34 cup European cookie spread, such as Biscoff Spread, Vanilla extract or soy milk, for thinning, optional, 12 cup soy milk, 23 cup chopped vegan dark chocolate most dark chocolate IS vegan, but always double check, Crumbled European shortcrust biscuits, such as Biscoff cookies, for topping], title: Karloff Biscoff Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 55747: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together flour and salt and with a pastry blender or fingertips blend in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, tossing with a fork to incorporate, until mixture begins to form a dough. On a work surface smear dough in 3 or 4 forward motions with heel of hand to slightly develop gluten in flour and make dough easier to work with. Form dough into a ball and flatten to form a disk. Wrap dough in plastic wrap and chill 1 hour. Pastry dough may be made 1 week ahead and chilled., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 sticks 34 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into bits, 6 to 7 tablespoons ice water], title: Butter Pastry Dough, picturelink: null}, 55748: {instructions: Fill a highball glass with ice cubes. Pour amaretto and blue Curacao over ice cubes. Top with chilled white cranberry juice and stir. Serve garnished with mint., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1 part amaretto recommended: Disaronno, 12 part blue Curacao, 1 part white cranberry juice, chilled, Mint sprig, for garnish], title: Big Sur Cooler, picturelink: PZ0lSiUj4B5spfz.eLdSDOF9BK6gVvO}, 55749: {instructions: Make the dough: In a food processor, pulse the flour and salt. Blend in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add enough of the ice water to make a soft but not sticky dough, tossing with a fork. Form the dough into a ball, flatten slightly, and dust with flour. Wrap the dough in waxed paper and chill for at least 1 hour.nRoll the pastry so it will extend about 1 12 inches beyond the sides of a 9 by 9 by 2inch pan. Invert the pan on the pastry and cut around it, leaving a margin of about 12 inch. The amount of pastry used will depend upon whether you prefer a thick or thin crust. Roll the trimmings slightly wider.nMake the filling: In a small saucepan bring the raisins and rum to a simmer. Remove the mixture from the heat and let stand for 15 minutes, or until the raisins have absorbed the rum. In a large bowl combine the sugar, flour, spices, salt, and lemon zest. Add the apples and raisins and toss to coat well. Sprinkle with the lemon juice and mound into the pan. Dot with butter. Place the crust over the apple mixture and moisten the edges to seal the dough. Cut slits or a design on top to allow for the escape of steam, and crimp the edges. Brush with half and half. Bake in a 450 degree preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees and bake 25 to 40 minutes longer, depending on the variety of apples used., ingredients: [2 13 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup cold vegetable shortening, cubed, 12 cup ice water, 13 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons dark rum, 34 cup plus 2 12 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons flour, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, 6 cups Granny Smith apples about 7 apples, peeled, cored, and sliced thin, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon milk or halfandhalf], title: Deep Dish Spiced Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 55750: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the date jam, water, and butter or margarine in a small saucepan. Simmer just long enough to dissolve. Add the ginger.nSpread the olives in a cake pan large enough to fit them in 1 layer. Sprinkle the olives with a few tablespoons of their own juice. Cover with the jam mixture mixture.nBake for about 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar in the jam has caramelized. Serve warm or at room temperature as an accompaniment to a meat meal, ingredients: [23 cup date jam, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon butter or pareve margarine, Dash powdered ginger, 2 cups pitted, goodquality cured green olives about 1 pound], title: Caramelized Green Olives, picturelink: null}, 55751: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChop pretzels and nuts and place in 2 separate bowls. Chop chocolate.nIn a double boiler, melt chocolate until smooth and velvety.nDip strawberries in chocolate and then in pretzels or nuts.nPlace covered strawberries on a 12 sheet tray lined with waxed paper. Allow to set at room temperature and serve, ingredients: [1 cup pretzel rods, 1 cup almonds, 3 4ounce bars semisweet chocolate, melted recommended: Valrhona chocolate, 8 longstemmed strawberries], title: Chocolate Covered Strawberries, picturelink: DQa2d6xURYmYT2pxbjnAA4sZhwHIHm}, 55752: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nArrange the tomato and mozzarella slices on a platter or individual salad plates, overlapping the slices and fanning them out like a deck of cards.nSprinkle with the salt and pepper.nDrizzle with the oil.nGarnish with the basil: Cut it into very thin slices or tear into bits and sprinkle on top or leave the leaves whole and tuck them here and there between the mozzarella and tomato slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large ripe tomatoes, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced 14inch thick, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 fresh basil leaves], title: Paulas Mozzarella and Tomato Salad, picturelink: 4hlRU.YF9YAgeVkdpmUiB2ySODDsEsW}, 55753: {instructions: Set a coffee filter basket, lined with a filter, in a strainer, over a bowl. Pour the cream almost to the top of the filter. Refrigerate for 2 hours. The whey will sink to the bottom passing through the filter leaving a ring of clotted cream. Scrape this down with a rubber spatula and repeat every couple of hours until the mass reaches the consistency of soft cream cheese., ingredients: [2 cups pasteurized not ultrapasteurized cream], title: Clotted Cream, picturelink: null}, 55754: {instructions: Preheat grill to high heat.nCut flank steak into 8ounce portions and lightly tenderize with mallet. Dust with crushed black pepper and kosher salt. Press salt and pepper into steak with the palm of hand. Transfer steaks to a baking dish and place in the refrigerator. Let marinate for 4 to 8 hours.nIn a medium sauce pan over medium heat, add extravirgin olive oil and onions and lightly saute until onions are caramelized. Add garlic and cook until garlic begins to turn brown. Deglaze with wine and balsamic vinegar. Add sugar and let simmer and reduce for 20 to 30 minutes until mixture reduces to 34 cup.nPlace steaks over a hot grill. Move once on first side to mark the steaks, cook for 5 minutes and flip, again only moving once to mark steak, cook for 4 minutes. When desired doneness is achieved, remove steaks from grill and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes.nStrain wine mixture and return to heat to reduce for 5 more minutes or until thick syrup is created. Serve with the steaks., ingredients: [2 pounds flank steak or tritip, cut into 8ounce pieces, 4 tablespoons black peppercorns, lightly cracked, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red onion, minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup Cabernet Sauvignon, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Johnny Garlics Grilled Peppered Steak with Cabernet Balsamic Sauce, picturelink: 8vzP6LvPCGPXkh5RMQAhFJpwKdCOBA.}, 55755: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, stir together the yogurt, halfandhalf, cucumbers, red onion, scallions, salt, and pepper. Transfer the mixture in batches to the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Process until the cucumbers are coarsely pureed and then pour into another bowl. Continue processing the soup until all of it is pureed. Fold in the dill, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, until very cold.nJust before serving, stir in the lemon juice. Serve chilled, garnished with the shrimp, lemon, and fresh dill., ingredients: [2 17ounce containers Greek yogurt, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 3 hothouse cucumbers, unpeeled, seeded and chopped, 34 cup chopped red onion, 9 scallions, white and green parts, chopped, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, 34 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 6 lemons, 34 pound cooked large shrimp, halved, Thin slices of lemon, halved, for garnish, Fresh dill, for garnish], title: Chilled Cucumber Soup with Shrimp, picturelink: CoCZZC5PRevi4s80bQ.aO5zR6DxNola}, 55756: {instructions: For the mayonnaise: Add 12 cup olive oil to a large saute pan over high heat. Add the garlic and fry until just starting to turn golden brown, add the chili peppers to soften them a bit. Add the basil leaves and stand back, the basil will crack and pop. Let the basil get crispy and toss in the orange zest for about 30 seconds. Pour the mixture onto a plate and put in the refrigerator to cool. Meanwhile mix the mayonnaise together with the lemon juice. When the basilchili mixture has cooled, fold it into the mayonnaise Season with gray salt and pepper, to taste, and return mayonnaise to the refrigerator.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Mix together the instant flour, chili powder, salt and pepper.nUsing a shallow baking dish or large plate dredge the shrimp in the flour mixture. Cook the shrimp in 2 batches. Heat 14 cup olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add half the shrimp in a single layer and cook until golden brown on both sides. Repeat with the second half of shrimp. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels. Split the rolls and spread both sides with the angry mayonnaise, divide the lettuce among the rolls, then the tomato slices seasoned with gray salt and pepper, then the fried shrimp. Eat and enjoy., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 serrano chili pepper, thinly sliced, 1 cup basil leaves, torn in smaller pieces, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 tablespoons orange zest, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups instant flour recommended: Wondra, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 tablespoon gray salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 5 12 pound peeled and deveined 16 to 20 count shrimp with the tail removed, 12 soft rolls, 2 head Bibb lettuce, chiffonade, 8 tomatoessliced], title: Shrimp PoBoys with Angry Mayonnaise, picturelink: oJnRqwTYAwwKts8Q0eqBeWYs8LwVlS}, 55757: {instructions: In a large bowl combine hash browns, pancake mix, egg, soup mix, scallions, and rose water. Heat oil on a griddle or large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Drop hash brown mixture, in tablespoonsized portions onto hot pan, and cook until golden brown, turning halfway through. Remove from pan to drain and then serve by placing a dollop of sour cream on top of each pancake. To create an extremely special garnish, roll each salmon strip, starting with large end, and place on its side to create a roseshaped bundle. Place 1 rose salmon strip on each potato pancake amid the sour cream. Sprinkle with scallions., ingredients: [1 package about 2 cups frozen packaged hash browns, 1 tablespoon buttermilk pancake mix, 1 egg, 12 package leekchive soup mix, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon rose water, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Sour cream, for garnish, Presliced smoked salmon strips], title: Salmon Scallion Potato Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 55758: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Sprinkle the pork with salt and pepper. Heat a large, ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil add the pork and cook, turning occasionally, until browned on all sides. Transfer the pork to a cutting board.n2. Return the skillet to medium heat. Add the butter, thyme, parsley, rosemary, and garlic cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the panko and 1 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, until the panko is golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer the toasted breadcrumbs to a piece of wax or parchment paper.n3. Brush the pork with 2 tablespoons of the mustard and roll in the toasted breadcrumbs to coat. Return the coated pork to the skillet. Halve the garlic heads crosswise and add to the skillet. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Transfer the pork and garlic to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes.n4. Meanwhile, place the skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the honey, remaining 13 cup mustard, and 14 cup water and stir until combined. Simmer until the mixture is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Slice the pork and serve with the roasted garlic and the mustard sauce., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless pork loin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 whole heads garlic, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Herb and Garlic Roast Pork Loin with Honey Mustard Sauce, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 55759: {instructions: Place coconut milk and lemon grass in large pan and bring to simmer, do not boil. Reduce heat by 65 to 70 percent and cool. Add remaining ingredients working in slowly and tasting so as not to overseason. Chill and hold. Use heavy cream if sauce breaks.nPlace dry chiles in large stockpot and cover with rice vinegar. Place sugar on top and bring to simmer, allow to cook until chiles are tender. Place chiles in blender and puree. Use liquid as needed for puree. Add ginger oil to 2 quarts of the puree and mix well.nMix and bring to a boil, then leave at room temperature for 2 hours. StrainnBaste raw bass pieces with guajillo chile marinade and set aside. Heat coconut reduction sauce and set aside, keep warm. Brush scallops with blackened galangal powder blend and sear quickly, set aside and keep warm. Heat saute pan with little oil at medium low heat. When oil is hot, add bass, careful not to burn fish. Chile marinade contains a lot of sugar so watch your temperature, keep it low. Blacken tomatoes in 1 tablespoon of neutral oil.nAdd spinach and enoki mushrooms. Cook down until spinach has wilted and sauce is hot. Check on bass and turn when ready. Plate the dish when fish is done.nPlace coconut reduction sauce on large plate to cover completely. Place spinach mushroom mixture in center of plate. Place largest piece of bass on top of spinach. Place scallops on top of bass. Cover scallops with smoked salmon slices salmon is chilled or at room temperature, do not cook. Cover salmon with second piece of bass and use rosemary sprig to hold it all in one place. Add avocado around the outside of fish and garnish with tobiko., ingredients: [1 quart coconut milk, 3 12 stalks lemon grass, trimmed, cleaned and bruised, 1ounce chipotle puree, 4 ounces sugar, 1 cup lime juice, 14 cup rice vinegar, Heavy cream, as needed if sauce breaks, 1 14 pounds dry guajillo chiles, cleaned, 1 to 2 quarts rice vinegar, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 ounces shiracca chili paste Thai chili paste, 1 pint ginger oil, recipe follows, 8 ounces ginger, bruised, 1 cup olive oil, 1 6ounce sea bass cut into 2 thin slices, 2 tablespoons guajillo chile marinade, 14 cup coconut lemon grass reduction sauce, 10 to 20 scallops sliced into 2 thin pieces, 1 teaspoon blackened seasoning, galangal powder blend, Neutral oil, 13 cup currant, stemmed or yellow and red pear tomatoes, 12ounce baby spinach, fresh, 1ounce enoki mushrooms, 1 1ounce thinly sliced smoked salmon, 1 sprig rosemary, 4inches in length, 14 avocado, diced, 1 teaspoon orange tobiko Japanese flying fish roe], title: Sea Bass Napoleon with Galangal Blackened Scallops and Smoked Salmon, Blackened Tomatoes and Coconut Lemon Grass Reduction, picturelink: null}, 55760: {instructions: For the fish stock: Rinse the fish heads and place in a tall 6quart pot with tails, bones, lobster shell, bay leaves, 1 teaspoon sea salt, black peppercorns, and water. Place over high heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to maintain a bare simmer and cook for 25 minutes. Strain, discard solids, and set the stock aside.nTo make the stew: Place 14 cup olive oil in a clean 6quart pot and set over medium heat. When the oil shimmers, add the onions, fennel, and 12 teaspoon sea salt. Saute until semitranslucent, about 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Deglaze the pan with the wine and scrape any bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the reserved fish stock, tomatoes, parsley, orange peel and saffron, if desired. Place over high heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Decrease the heat to maintain a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Increase the heat to high. Add the remaining 14 cup olive oil, the remaining 12 teaspoon sea salt, fish, garlic, and cayenne pepper. Boil rapidly, uncovered, for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove the pot from the heat, add the mussels and lobster, cover, and let stand until the fish is cooked through and the mussels open, 2 to 4 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels.nTo serve: Set the broiler to high. Lightly rub the baguette slices on both sides with the garlic. Place the prepared bread slices on a half sheet pan and broil, 1 inch away from the broiler, for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn the slices over and broil for another 1 to 2 minutes. Top with Rouille, if desired, and serve with fish stew.nCook the bell pepper over a gas burner set to high, turning every few minutes, until the skin blackens and is thoroughly charred. Remove the pepper to a metal mixing bowl, cover with a spare pot lid, and cool for 5 minutes. Remove the blackened skin from the pepper by rubbing with a clean kitchen towel. Pull out the stem and seed cluster and discard along with the skin.nPlace the roasted and skinned pepper, garlic, chile, lemon juice, and salt in the bowl of a minifood processor. Process until smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Stop and scrape down the side of the bowl once or twice. With the food processor running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil until thick. Serve with fish stew., ingredients: [1 pound raw fish heads, bones, tail, and lobster tail shell, 4 whole fresh bay leaves, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 cups water, 12 cup olive oil, divided, 6 ounces onion, coarsely chopped, 3 ounces fennel bulb, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt, divided, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, undrained, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 3inch piece orange peel, optional, 116 teaspoon saffron, 8 ounces firm fish fillets, such as farmed cobia or wild striped bass 1 or 2 types, skin and bones removed, cut into 1inch pieces, at room temperature, 8 ounces flaky fish fillets, such as black cod, wild halibut, or black rockfish 1 or 2 types, skin and bones removed, cut into 1inch pieces, at room temperature, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 8 ounces mussels, cleaned and beards trimmed, at room temperature, 1 large raw lobster tail, shell removed and meat cut into 1inch pieces, at room temperature, 1 baguette, sliced, 1 clove garlic, cut in half, 1 recipe Rouille, recipe follows, optional, 1 large red bell pepper, 3 large cloves garlic, peeled, 1 fresh red chile, stem removed and seeded, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 teaspoon coarse sea salt, 12 cup olive oil], title: Positively, Absolutely, Not Real Bouillabaisse, picturelink: HGM1LrK6fAqL1hpK1oWq8EXfndvfleK}, 55761: {instructions: Gently toss together the chuck and sirloin in a large bowl, making sure not to overwork the mixture.nCombine the dried parsley, fennel seed, granulated garlic and red pepper flakes in a small bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture over the beef along, with the Parmesan, and fold gently to combine. Form the beef into four 34inchthick patties, each about 4 inches in diameter. Sprinkle each generously with salt and a few grinds of black pepper.nPlace the patties in the hot skillet do not press down with a spatula. When the patties are seared and browned on one side, about 3 12 minutes, flip and cook on the other side until browned and the burgers are mediumrare, about 3 12 minutes.nSplit the hamburger buns. Arrange some arugula on the bottom buns and top each with a slice of tomato, a burger patty and a dollop of pesto. Top with the top halves of the rolls Serve with giardiniera.nCopyright 2016 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [12 ounces coarsely ground beef chuck, 12 ounces coarsely ground beef sirloin, 2 teaspoons dried parsley, 1 12 teaspoons lightly crushed fennel seed, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 hamburger buns, for serving, Arugula, sliced tomato, pesto and giardiniera, for serving, Heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat for 5 minutes.], title: Italian Burger, picturelink: null}, 55762: {instructions: Thoroughly combine the eggs with the ginger, chives, mushrooms, sesame oil, soy sauce, nori shreds, salt and pepper in a bowl. Place 1 scallop in the bottom of 8 small teacups and divide the egg mixture among the teacups. Tap the teacups lightly on the counter to remove any air bubbles. Fill a wok halfway with water and bring to a simmer over high heat. Place the teacups in a bamboo steamer, cover the teacups with plastic wrap and put the steamer into the wok, making sure the base does not touch the water. Steam for 8 to 12 minutes. Remove from the steamer and let rest for 3 minutes before removing the plastic wrap. Check that the egg is cooked by putting a toothpick through the center  it should come out clean. Spoon 12 teaspoon of salmon roe onto each steamed egg, sprinkle with chopped chives and serve., ingredients: [10 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon peeled and freshly grated ginger, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Chinese chives, 2 fresh shiitake mushrooms, stalks removed and finely chopped, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons light soy sauce, 2 generous pinches toasted nori seaweed shreds found in Asian markets, Pinch sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 bay scallops, 4 teaspoons salmon roe, for garnish, Finely chopped fresh Chinese chives, for garnish], title: Steamed Egg with Scallops and Caviar, picturelink: null}, 55763: {instructions: Prepare a vegetable juicer or blender if unavailable. Run the pineapple, limes and cucumber through the juicer, letting all the juices combine. Pour the tequila into a cocktail shaker or pitcher, and then add the juices, ice, agave and salt. Shake or stir vigorously until chilled. Line up 4 tall Tom Collins glasses filled with ice, and pour the tequila cooler over. Serve with straws and cucumber slices for garnish., ingredients: [1 cup fresh pineapple cubes, 2 limes, skin removed, 1 seedless European cucumber, peeled, plus cucumber slices for garnish, 4 ounces silver blanco tequila, 1 12 cups ice cubes, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon agave nectar, Pinch kosher salt], title: Cucumber Pineapple Tequila Cooler, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 55764: {instructions: Slice the mozzarella and divide among 4 slices of bread. Top with the remaining 4 slices of bread.nWhisk the eggs with the milk in a small casserole dish and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nAdd the flour to a casserole dish. Dust the sandwiches in the flour, and then dip into the egg mixture.nHeat about 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large nonstick pan. Add the sandwiches to the pan and fry on both sizes until golden and crisp, about 10 minutes. The mozzarella should be completely melted and very stringy when the sandwich is eaten. Slice the sandwiches in half to make 2 triangles., ingredients: [12 ounces mozzarella di bufala, 8 slices soft white bread, crusts removed, 3 large eggs, 12 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Olive oil], title: Mozzarella in Corrozza, picturelink: null}, 55765: {instructions: In a large pitcher combine the wine and sugar and stir until the sugar dissolves. Add the remaining ingredients, except the seltzer, and mix well. Put the pitcher in the refrigerator and let the sangria sit for at least 1 hour or up to 4 hours. Just before serving, stir in the seltzer and ice cubes., ingredients: [1 bottle Spanish white wine, 14 cup super fine sugar, 1 lime, thinly sliced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and thinly sliced, 1 12 cups seedless green grapes, sliced in 12, 1 cup apple juice, 12 bunch fresh mint leaves, Pinch salt, One 12ounce can seltzer water, Ice cubes], title: White Wine Sangria, picturelink: null}, 55766: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the white wine sauce:nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and the garlic and cook until soft, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to high, add the wine, bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half. Add the cream and slowly start whisking in the cold butter, piece by piece and continue to whisk until the sauce is emulsified. Strain into a bowl and stir in the chives. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nFor the shrimp:nWhisk together the oil, paprika, garlic and thyme in a large bowl add the shrimp and toss to coat the shrimp in the mixture. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nHeat the grill to high.nSeason the shrimp with salt and pepper and grill until slightly charred and just cooked through, about 2 12 minutes per side. Put some of the sauce on a large platter, drizzle with Basil Oil and top with the shrimp. Drizzle with more of the sauce garnish with chives and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 shallot, sliced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped to a paste, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 16 extra colossal shrimp 4 to 6 per pound size, peeled and deveined, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Basil Oil, for drizzling], title: Grilled Shrimp Marinated in Paprika, Garlic and Thyme with White Wine Sauce, picturelink: bF664hevzQDRfYJ1dFxeadXGFCBTGW}, 55767: {instructions: Bake cookies as directed on roll or package. Cool completely, about 10 minutes.nSpoon chocolate frosting into 1quart ZiplocR Brand storage bag seal bag. Cut off tiny bottom corner of bag. On each cookie, pipe frosting on outer edge of half of cookie. Arrange candy corn over frosting for feathers.nPipe orange icing onto each cookie to resemble turkey face and feet. Use orange icing to attach baking bits to turkey face for eyes. Pipe black gel on baking bits for centers of eyes., ingredients: [1 roll 16.5 oz PillsburyR refrigerated sugar cookies or 1 package 16 oz Pillsburyu00ae Ready To Bakeu00bf refrigerated sugar cookies 24 cookies, 1 container 16 oz chocolate creamy frosting, Candy corn, Orange decorating icing, Black decorating gel, Miniature candycoated chocolate baking bits], title: Thanksgiving Turkey Cookies, picturelink: null}, 55768: {instructions: Toss the potatoes with the oil, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a microwavesafe 9inch pie dish. Cover completely with a piece of wax paper. Microwave on high at 100 percent power, stirring halfway through, until the potatoes are soft and translucent, 6 minutes in an 1,100watt oven, 9 minutes in a 700watt oven. When removing the wax paper, be careful to avoid the hot steam. Pierce the potatoes in a few places with a paring knife if it doesnt go through easily, microwave again, covered, in 30second increments.nWhisk together the eggs, half and half, scallions, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl. Pour over the potatoes, and stir. Microwave, uncovered, on high at 100 percent power until the edges of the eggs are set, 1 minute in an 1,100watt oven or 2 12 minutes in a 700watt oven. Stir completely to redistribute the morecooked eggs toward the center and the lesscooked eggs near the edges. Microwave, uncovered, until most of the eggs are set, 1 minute in an 1,100watt oven or 1 minute 45 seconds in a 700watt oven. Dot with small pieces of goat cheese, and stir as before. Gently smooth the top of the potatoandegg mixture its OK if the top is slightly uneven, and sprinkle with the chorizo. Cover with a piece of wax paper, and microwave on high at 100 percent power until all the eggs are set and the cheese has melted, 1 minute in an 1,100watt oven or 2 minutes in a 700watt oven. Let sit, covered, for 3 minutes.nGarnish with chopped parsley, and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 medium Yukon gold potatoes 34 pound, peeled and sliced into 18inch half moons, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 large eggs, 14 cup half and half, 2 scallions, greens and whites sliced, 2 ounces fresh goat cheese, 2 ounces Spanish chorizo, paper casings discarded, meat cut into small pieces, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Microwave PotatoandChorizo Scramble, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 55769: {instructions: Carefully make a slice down the middle of each hot dog making sure not to cut it in half. Stuff with cheddar cheese. Wrap bacon around stuffed hot dog. Place on broiler pan and broil for 35 minutes. Flip frank around until bacon is cooked through. Remove from pan and serve in a bun., ingredients: [2 hot dogs, 2 slices bacon, 2 oz cheddar cheese, sliced, hot dog bun], title: Deluxe Dog, picturelink: null}, 55770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare a double boiler or fit a heatproof bowl over a small saucepan of simmering water. In the bowl, combine the egg yolks and 12 cup of sugar, and whisk until frothy. Transfer the bowl immediately to an ice bath, stirring occasionally, until cool.nMeanwhile, in a separate bowl, whip the heavy cream to medium peaks. Fold the whipped cream into the cooled egg yolk mixture and then stir in the cinnamon.nIn a separate mixing bowl, whip the egg whites and amaretto liqueur until soft peaks form and fold that into the egg yolkcream mixture. Pour the mixture into a loaf pan or small baking dish and freeze the mixture until softfrozen, about 4 hours.nWhile the semifreddo freezes, toss berries with the lemon juice and remaining 14 cup of sugar in a small bowl. Lightly mash with a fork to crush some of the berries. To serve, spoon the semifreddo into individual dessert dishes, top with some of the berry mixture and garnish with shaved chocolate., ingredients: [6 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, plus 14 cup, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 4 egg whites, 2 tablespoons amaretto liqueur, 1 12 cups mixed berries blackberries, raspberries and blueberries, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 small block dark chocolate, for garnish], title: Fruit and Cinnamon Semifreddo, picturelink: r9e1nVeFVgyWZOqoCOS5Tsm7VyAADRS}, 55771: {instructions: Mix the flour and yeast in a bowl. Add 1 12 to 2 cups water and mix to form a soft dough. Add the sugar and let rise 4 to 5 hours.nDivide the dough into 12 to 15 pieces.nPreheat the oil in a large pot to 375 degrees F.nRoll each piece of dough lengthwise about 5 inches long and 1inch diameter. Fry the oil until golden. Roll in additional sugar after frying., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 package dry yeast, 1 cup sugar, plus more for rolling, 34 cup vegetable oil], title: Firi Firi Donuts, picturelink: Ks4bsSMvObh1T2QFa82kIs8keTrgYJy}, 55772: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Beat the egg white with 1 tablespoon water in a large bowl until foamy. Add the nuts, sugar, cumin, cayenne, cinnamon and 12 teaspoon salt and mix well. Spread the mixture on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until the nuts are mostly dry but still slightly sticky, about 40 minutes.nRemove the nuts from the oven and stir. Reduce the temperature to 200 degrees F. Return the nuts to the oven and bake until crisp, about 30 more minutes. Stir to loosen the nuts from the baking sheet cool completely on the sheet.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [1 large egg white, 2 cups unsalted pecan halves, 2 cups unsalted roasted cashews, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt], title: SweetandSpicy Pecans, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 55773: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven or stockpot, heat half of the oil. Brown meat in hot oil on all sides. Remove from pan with a slotted spoon. Drain off fat. Add remaining oil to pan, saute onion, bell pepper and garlic for 3 minutes. Stir in cooked beef, kidney beans and liquid, chopped tomatoes, tomato sauce, broth, blackeyed peas, habanero chiles, cilantro, basil, brown sugar, Worcestershire and bay leaf. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, partially covered for 35 to 45 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Stir in corn and salt to taste and cook 5 minutes more. Remove bay leaf. Serve in bowls topped with shredded cheese and pass warm tortillas., ingredients: [3 tablespoons cooking oil, 1 pound lean round steak, cut into bitesized strips turkey can be substituted, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 cup chopped red andor green bell peppers, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 16ounce can kidney beans and liquid, 2 cups chopped tomatoes, 1 16ounce can tomato sauce, low sodium, 1 cup beef broth, 1 11ounce package Friedas Blackeyed Peas, 1 to 2 Friedas Dried Habanero Chiles, reconstituted according to package directions, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons Friedas Fresh Cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoon Friedas Fresh Basil, chopped, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 Friedas Bay Leaf, 1 cup niblet corn, low sodium, Salt to taste, Serve with grated cheddar and warm tortillas.], title: Habanero Chile Chili, picturelink: null}, 55774: {instructions: In a dry, hot skillet, toast chiles over mediumhigh heat until pliable, 3 to 5 minutes turn often to prevent burning. Remove seeds and veins from chiles, and discard. Soak each type of chile separately in enough hot, salted water to cover for about 20 minutes. Drain, and reserve liquid.nGrind marjoram, cumin seeds, oregano, bay leaf, thyme, and cloves in a spice grinder.nIn batches, combine drained chiles, ground herbs, garlic, vinegar, 12 cup soaking liquid, and 2 teaspoons salt in a blender. Transfer to a large bowl. Add chicken, and marinate for at least 1 hour, preferably overnight, refrigerated.nCut 3 16 by 16inch parchmentpaper squares. Place a drumstick, thigh, and an avocado leaf in the center of each square. Bring the 4 corners together, and tie with string. Place in a steamer, and steam over simmering water for 1 hour.nTo serve, remove string, and open parchment paper, folding under slightly. Serve with fresh, warm tortillas., ingredients: [1 tablespoon white vinegar, 3 chicken drumsticks, 3 chicken thighs, 3 fresh avocado leaves, Fresh tortillas, for serving, 6 ancho chiles, 8 guajillo chiles, 4 pasilla chiles, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, plus more for soaking chiles, 18 teaspoon dried marjoram, 116 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 dried bay leaf, 18 teaspoon dried thyme, 8 whole cloves, 4 cloves garlic], title: Mixto de Pollo, picturelink: null}, 55775: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine cornstarch, sherry, gingerroot, sesame oil and salt. Add shrimp, tossing the mixture to coat the shrimp well. Let them marinate, covered and chilled, for 10 minutes.nIn a large sauce pan, bring the cold water to a boil, add the shrimp, discarding the marinade, and return the water to a boil. Boil the shrimp for 1 12 minutes and drain them in a colander.nIn a bowl , whisk together the broth, cornstarch, rice wine, soy sauce, sugar and salt. Set aside.nIn a wok or large skillet, heat peanut oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Add garlic, scallions, bean sprouts, red pepper, bok choy and snow peas. Cook for 2 minutes. Stir in cornstarch broth, cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. Add shrimp and cook 1 more minute, until the vegetables are just softened and the sauce is thickened slightly.nServe over rice or noodles., ingredients: [2 tablespoons corn starch, 2 tablespoons Sherry, 3 slices fresh gingerroot, each the size of a quarter, 1 teaspoon Asian toasted sesame oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 pounds medium shrimp about 45, shelled, leaving the tail and the first joint intact, deveined, and patted dry, 4 cups cold water, 12 cup chicken broth, 2 teaspoons corn starch, 1 12 tablespoons Chinese rice wine, sake or Scotch, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 34 teaspoons sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 scallions, chopped, 12 pound bean sprouts, rinsed, 1 red pepper, sliced into 14inch strips, 1 small bok choy or chinese cabbage, chopped, 1 cup snow peas], title: Stir Fried Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 55776: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut a heavybottomed pot with a lid over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring often, until the fat renders and bacon begins to crisp, about 68 minutes. Add the onion and cook until softened, about 5 minutes more. Stir in the ketchup, tomato puree, brown sugar, vinegar, Worcestershire, salt, pepper, and cayenne and mix well. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Stir in the beans until well coated, cover, and bake in the oven for 1 hour. Remove the lid and continue baking until sauce thickens and the beans begin to brown, about 15 minutes more. Remove from the oven and allow to cool at least 15 minutes before serving.nServe warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 slices bacon, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 34 cup ketchup, 34 cup tomato puree, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper to taste, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 twentyeight ounce cans red beans, drained and rinsed], title: Baked Beans, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 55777: {instructions: For the peach chutney: Combine the peaches, brown sugar, vinegar, pineapples, onions, bell peppers, garlic, cinnamon, red pepper flakes, salt, crystallized ginger and jalapenos in a large saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently, until thickened and jammy, about 45 minutes.nFor the turkey club: Fold the crepe in half to form a halfmoon shape and place on a hot griddle or large skillet over medium heat. Spread 3 tablespoons chutney evenly over the surface and sprinkle with the mozzarella save the remaining chutney for another use. Top with the turkey and bacon and allow to rest on the hot griddle until the cheese is melty and the ingredients warmed. Top with the greens and drizzle with the aioli. Pull up one corner of the crepe and fold over to cover half of the sandwich, then roll over one more time in the same direction to enclose all the ingredients and form a coneshaped sandwich. Press down lightly and allow to rest for another minute or so on the griddle until lightly crisped and warm. Flip and crisp the reverse side. Serve warm.nStir together the mayonnaise and horseradish in a bowl., ingredients: [1 12 pounds peeled chopped peaches, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 1 cup cider vinegar, 2 34 ounces dried pineapple, diced, 23 cup diced yellow onion, 23 cup diced yellow bell pepper, 1 12 teaspoons fresh minced garlic, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon preferably extrafancy Vietnamese, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup diced crystallized ginger, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced, 1 large about 14inch round crepe or flour tortilla, 2 ounces grated mozzarella, 2 12 ounces thinly sliced roast turkey breast, 2 slices good thickcut bacon, cooked and crumbled, 1 large handful mixed greens, 2 tablespoons Horseradish Aioli, recipe follows, 2 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup prepared horseradish], title: Jammin Turkey Club, picturelink: VE2.GWTkrvxqX0Q203zWZz35HiPteFC}, 55778: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nTo make the dough: In a small bowl, combine water, honey, and yeast. Let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. In a large mixing bowl, combine the flours, oregano, crushed red pepper and salt. Add the yeast mixture and stir until a soft dough forms.nTurn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, adding flour as needed if dough is sticky, about 10 minutes. Clean the bowl and coat it with vegetable spray. Form the dough into a ball, put it in the bowl and cover with a kitchen towel. Let rise in a warm place until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, to make the topping: Heat the olive oil and 14 cup wine in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook until softened, adding more wine, if needed, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the spinach and cook until just wilted, about 3 minutes more. Stir in tarragon and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nPunch the dough down and let rest for 10 minutes.nSprinkle a large baking sheet with cornmeal. On a lightly floured surface, stretch the dough into a 12inch circle, rolling the edge over slightly and pinching it together to form a thick rim. Place the dough on the baking sheet.nArrange the tomato slices over the crust and top with the spinach mixture. Scatter the mushrooms and bell pepper over the top, then sprinkle with the cheese and crushed red pepper. Bake until crust is golden brown, about 35 minutes. Sprinkle with garlic salt, cut into wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 package dry yeast, 1 14 cups whole wheat flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading and forming dough, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon salt, Vegetable Spray, for bowl, Cornmeal, for pan, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 to 12 cup white wine, 2 large red onion, chopped, 4 cups packed fresh spinach leaves, washed well, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 fresh tomatoes, sliced, 34 cup chopped mushrooms, 1 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 12 cup grated partskim mozzarella, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 teaspoons garlic salt], title: Janettes Veggie WholeWheat Pizza, picturelink: null}, 55779: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat the milk, butter, and salt over medium heat until scalded. When the butter is melted, add the flour all at once and beat it with a wooden spoon until the mixture comes together and forms a dough. Cook, stirring constantly, over low heat for 2 minutes. The flour will begin to coat the bottom of the pan. Dump the hot mixture into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the eggs and pulse until the eggs are incorporated into the dough and the mixture is thick.nSpoon the mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a large plain round tip. Pipe in mounds 1 12 inches wide and 1inch high onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. You should have about 18 puffs. With a wet finger, lightly press down the swirl at the top of each puff. You can also use 2 spoons to scoop out the mixture and shape the puffs with damp fingers. Bake for 20 minutes, or until lightly browned, then turn off the oven and allow them to sit for another 10 minutes, until they sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Make a small slit in the side of each puff to allow the steam to escape. Set aside to cool.nFor the chocolate sauce, place the cream and chocolate chips in a bowl set over simmering water and stir just until the chocolate melts. Add the honey and coffee and stir until smooth. Set aside.nFor serving, cut each profiterole in half crosswise, fill with a small scoop of ice cream, replace the top, and drizzle with slightly warm chocolate sauce., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 extralarge eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons prepared coffee, Good vanilla ice cream recommended: HaagenDazs, for serving], title: Profiteroles, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 55780: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine tequila, orange liqueur, tangerine juice, lime juice, and ice, all to taste, in a blender and blend until smooth. Line rims of glasses with salt, if desired. Divide margaritas among glasses, and serve. To serve margaritas straight up, combine all ingredients, except salt, in a shaker. Strain into glasses and serve., ingredients: [Tequila, Orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, Freshly squeezed tangerine juice, Freshly squeezed lime juice, Ice cubes, Salt, optional], title: Frozen Tangerine Margaritas, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 55781: {instructions: Stir the hot sauce, Worcestershire and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a small bowl. Add the pecans and toss to coat. Spread the pecans in a single layer on a jellyroll pan.nBake at 250 degrees F for 15 minutes or until the pecans are toasted. Let cool.nHeat the butter in a 6quart saucepot over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until the onions are tender.nAdd the broth, bay leaves, remaining black pepper and potatoes. Heat to a boil. Cover and cook for 10 minutes or until the potatoes are tender.nAdd 1 cup cream and heat through. Discard the bay leaves.nPlace onethird of the broth mixture in an electric blender container or food processor work bowl. Cover and blend until smooth. Repeat with the remaining broth mixture. Return to saucepot and heat through. Season to taste.nPrepare the Chive Chantilly. Serve the soup with Chive Chantilly and sprinkle with the pecans.nTIP: Chive Chantilly: Beat the remaining heavy cream in a medium bowl with an electric mixer on high speed until stiff peaks form. Gently stir in the chives., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Louisianastyle hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup large pecan pieces, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped about 1 cup, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 5 14 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth regular, Natural Goodnessu00bf or Certified Organic, 2 bay leaves, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into cubes about 4 cups, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh chives], title: Sweet Potato and Spiced Pecan Soup with Chive Chantilly, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 55782: {instructions: In a bowl blend flour, pepper, lemon rind and butter until the mixture resembles meal. Add sour cream and the lemon juice and toss the mixture adding 1 teaspoon water if necessary, until it just forms a dough. Gather the dough into a ball and chill it, wrapped in plastic wrap, for 15 minutes. Roll out the dough 116inch thick on a lightly floured surface and with a 2inch round cutter cut out 16 rounds. Bake the rounds, sprinkled with coarse salt, on an ungreased baking sheet in the middle of a preheated oven at 400 degrees for 12 minutes or until they are golden. Transfer the crackers to a rack and let them cool for 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon rind, 2 tablespoons cold butter, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Coarse salt for sprinkling on the crackers], title: Lemon Pepper Crackers, picturelink: null}, 55783: {instructions: Put the blackberries in a bowl, sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the sugar, and twist the rosemary with your hands to release the essential oils and throw it on top. Gently toss the berries to combine and let them sit absorbing the flavor while you make the Muscat jelly.nCombine the Muscat, lemon juice, orange peel, and remaining sugar and in a heavy pot and place over mediumlow heat. Simmer and stir, until little bubbles appear around the pot and the alcohol starts to vaporize about 15 minutes.nSoak the gelatin sheets in cool water for 2 minutes to soften, then remove them and squeeze out the excess water. Remove from the heat and fish out the strips of orange. Add the gelatin sheets into the hot wine and continue to simmer for 1 more minute, stirring to dissolve completely. Let the jelly cool slightly for 5 minutes.n if using powdered gelatin, soak in 2 tablespoons cool water for 3 minutes, then add to hot wine mixture.nFill 4 martini or wine glasses a quarter of the way with blackberries carefully pour the Muscat jelly over the berries to fill the glasses to the top. Chill until thoroughly gelled and set, at least 4 hours or up to overnight. Garnish the Muscat jelly with whipped cream and mint serve it with the remaining Muscat., ingredients: [2 pints fresh blackberries, halved, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, plus more for garnish, 12 750ml bottle Muscat or other sweet dessert wine, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 large strips orange zest, 2 gelatin sheets or 12 14ounce envelope powdered gelatin, Sweetened whipped cream, for serving, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Muscat Jelly With Blackberries, picturelink: null}, 55784: {instructions: Special equipment: a 6 to 7quart slow cooker and a cheesecloth squarenCombine the apple cider, hard cider, calvados, lemon juice and honey in a 6 to 7quart slow cooker. Place the cinnamon, cloves and star anise in a square of cheesecloth, tie the ends together to close and toss in the slow cooker. Heat on high to bring to a simmer. Then turn to the warmhold setting. Serve the cider in a mug with a cinnamon stick., ingredients: [12 gallon apple cider, Two 12ounce bottles hard cider, 1 cup calvados, 1 lemon, juiced, 13 cup honey, 3 cinnamon sticks, plus more for serving, 3 cloves, 1 star anise], title: Hot Mulled Cider, picturelink: MLCxQaueTcbTBKhr5z2vHiKvZWs0Dm}, 55785: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTrim any excess fat from the pork loin, leaving a thinlayer of fat over the top.nEvenly rub the entire pork loin with the Dijon mustard followed by the onion, salt, pepper, and garlic. Make sure to really rub in the spices, and then sprinkle thenrosemary evenly all over the top.nPlace the pork in roasting pan lined with a rack and roast for 20 minutes.nReduce the temperature to 300 degrees F, and continue roasting until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part reads 145 degrees F, about 1 hour more. Transfer the pork to a cutting board, cover loosely with foil, and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice and pork and arrange on a platter garnished with rosemary sprigs., ingredients: [1 4pound boneless pork loin, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped red onion, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped rosemary leaves, plus a few sprigs for garnish, Equipment: roasting pan], title: Rosemary Dijon Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 55786: {instructions: Warm 6 serving plates in the oven at 200 degrees.nSlice the bread into 12 pieces. In a bowl, whisk the eggs until foamy. Add the milk, cream, salt, vanilla and granulated sugar and whisk to blend. Pour into a sheet pan with sides. Arrange the bread slices in the pan in a single layer and let soak. Meanwhile, using a sharp knife, cut the cream cheese into 12 thin slices. Heat a large skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Add about 1 tablespoon of butter and melt until foamy. Working in 2 batches if necessary, arrange the soaked bread slices in the skillet. Cook until lightly brown, about 3 minutes. Lay 2 slices of cream cheese on top then place 16 of the raspberries on top of the cheese. Place another slice of soaked bread on top and press firmly with the back of a spatula. Turn the sandwich over and brown on the other side, about 3 minutes more. Transfer to warmed serving plates.nCoulis: In a large bowl puree defrosted raspberries. Stir in confectioners sugar and lemon juice to taste. Through a fine sieve into a serving bowl, strain raspberries., ingredients: [1 medium loaf about 8 ounces, or 12 mediumthick slices brioche, challah, or other egg bread, 4 eggs, 2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 23 cup heavy cream, 1 pinch salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup granulated sugar, 8 ounces very cold cream cheese, in 1 block, Unsalted butter, 1 cup raspberries, fresh or thawed frozen, 1 package frozen raspberries, defrosted, Confectioners sugar, to taste, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon, or to taste], title: RaspberryStuffed French Toast, picturelink: OXBiBxRklpVPqN1XNgrzfswLIAYhve}, 55787: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSprinkle a clean dry work surface with flour. Roll the dough into a 10 by 14inch rectangle, making sure not to flip the dough over, rotating by 90 degrees as needed. After rolling the dough, apply the egg whites to cover inner section 10 by 3inch. Then add 14 cup mozzarella followed by both hams, another 14 cup cheese and then finish with the pepperoni. To finish stuffing, add the remaining cheese and drizzle with the sauce and herbs.nNext, brush the edges with some of the egg whites. Fold the bottom and top edges over the filling, and then fold the sides over twice, 1 inch at a time, resulting in a 6 by 14inch tube. Brush the outside of the stromboli with the remaining egg whites, place on a sheet pan lined with parchment paper and bake until firm and golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut into 5 to 6 portions and serve., ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 pound prepared pizza dough, 2 egg whites, whipped, 1 12 cups mozzarella, 1 pound tavern ham, sliced thin, 8 ounces capicola ham, sliced thin, 8 ounces pepperoni, sliced thin, 1 cup marinara or tomato sauce, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 10 to 12 fresh basil leaves], title: Ham and Pepperoni Stromboli, picturelink: null}, 55788: {instructions: Place two tall glasses in the freezer to chill.nAdd the ice cream to a food processor and pulse to the consistency of softserve ice cream. Transfer the ice cream to a bowl and return to the freezer while you make the cherry slush.nWash out the food processor bowl and add the cherry drink mix, lime zest, 4 cups ice and 12 cup cold water. Process until smooth, adding more ice or water to adjust for desired consistency for me, the icier the better.nTo assemble the glacier: Remove the glasses from the freezer and fill each halfway with cherry slush. Add 2 scoops of the vanilla ice cream to the center of each glass, pressing down to allow the slush to push up the sides of the glass. Top with more cherry slush and serve immediately. I like to serve these with a spoon and straw., ingredients: [1 12 cups vanilla ice cream, 14 cup powdered cherry drink mix, Zest of 1 lime], title: Cherry Lime Vanilla Glacier, picturelink: 2ioo7AdS0bxG7NbWXI4XdhOpccfmduS}, 55789: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan heat the milk, the vanilla pod over mediumlow heat and bring to a simmer. Do not boil.nFor the caramel: Mix together 1 cup of sugar and 14 cup of water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Heat until the sugar dissolves and continue cooking until the sugar turns golden brown. Do not stir. Remove from heat and add 2 tablespoons of orange juice. Be very careful when you add this because the hot sugar will fly everywhere. Shake the pan to incorporate the orange juice and sugar.nSpray 8 4 to 5ounce ramekin dishes or 1 large flan mold, with cooking spray. Pour the caramel into the dishes, to completely cover the bottom. In a large bowl mix together the remaining 23 cup sugar, the eggs, and a pinch of salt and whisk well. Remove the vanilla pod from the milk and gradually blend the milk into egg and sugar mixture while stirring or whisking constantly. Stir in the heavy cream, then strain the egg mixture through a sieve.nAt this point, add the vanilla bean seeds and pour the mixture into the ramekin dishes over the caramel. Fill a deep casserole dish with water and arrange ramekins in the casserole dish. The water should reach halfway up the dishes. Bake in the preheated 200 degrees F oven until the custard sets, about 1 12 hours. Remove the ramekins from the oven and cool. Refrigerate for 2 to 3 hours before serving.nTo serve: Mix together fresh berries and raspberry sauce in a small bowl. Remove the ramekins from the refrigerator and loosen the edges with a small knife. Put a dessert plate on top of the ramekin dish, and turn upside down, so that the caramel sits on top. Remove ramekin dish. Spoon the berries on top of each creme caramel and garnish with a fresh mint sprig., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped and reserved, 1 cup sugar, plus 23 cup, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons orange juice, Cooking spray, 7 eggs, Pinch salt, 5 tablespoons heavy whipping cream, 1 cup mixed berries, 14 cup prepared raspberry sauce, 8 sprigs mint, for garnish], title: Creme Caramel, picturelink: null}, 55790: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the first 6 ingredients until well blended. Season with cayenne, salt, and pepper to taste. Refrigerate in a covered container. When ready to use, whisk again.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the romaine, baby lettuces, bell peppers, onions, olives, cucumber, tomatoes, cheeses, and Greek Salad Dressing. Toss until blended. Season with salt and pepper. Divide and mound onto 4 chilled salad plates.nIn a medium bowl, toss together the shrimp and Shrimp Dressing. Arrange 8 shrimp halves over and around salad mound. Top with pine nuts and garnish with dill sprigs.n To toast pine nuts, place the nuts in a small skillet in a single layer. Over low heat, toast until lightly golden, stirring often to prevent burning. This takes 3 or 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nIn a 10inch skillet or saute pan, heat the oil. Add the onion and cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Add the vinegar and cook 1 minute longer. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCool the onion and transfer to a covered container. Refrigerate and use as needed.nYield: about 34 cupnIn a medium bowl, whisk together the dill, parsley, thyme, yogurt, garlic, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Slowly whisk in the oil, and when emulsified, season with sugar to taste.nRefrigerate in a covered container. When ready to use, whisk again.nYield: 2 12 cups, ingredients: [12 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons cucumber, peeled, seeded, and finely diced, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill leaves, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, Pinch cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 romaine heart, torn into bitesize pieces, 4 cups mixed baby lettuces, washed and dried, 12 cup each red and yellow bell peppers, cored, seeded, trimmed, and cut into 1inch cubes, 12 cup Caramelized Onions recipe follows, 12 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, 1 small cucumber, peeled, seeded, quartered, cut into 12inch slices, 1 cup yellow pear and Sweet 100 cherry tomatoes, cut in halves, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 cup Greek Salad Dressing, recipe follows, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 16 large shrimp, peeled, deveined, cut in half horizontally, blanched, 14 cup toasted pine nuts , Fresh dill sprigs, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 large red, yellow, or white onion, 34 pound, peeled, trimmed and cut into 34inch dice, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, 1 12 cups extra virgin olive oil, Sugar], title: Greek Shrimp Salad, picturelink: eMD5MXrnkUUMWZcZXalgD3cp2C5Uaie}, 55791: {instructions: Combine 1 12 cups of water, the rice and 12 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer until the rice is tender and most of the water is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat and let rest. Fluff with a fork right before serving.nMeannwhile, quarter the bok choy through the stem ends. Halve the mushroom caps or quarter them if they are large by stacking them and cutting them in batches.nHeat 2 large nonstick skillets with 1 tablespoon oil in each over mediumhigh heat. Divide the bok choy between the two pans, placing it cutside down. Cook, undisturbed, until charred in spots, 2 to 3 minutes. By this time, the leaves will be fairly wilted, and there will be enough room to transfer all of the bok choy into just one skillet to finish cooking. Place the bok choy so that the other cut side faces down. Cook until charred in spots, about 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms, scallion whites, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Continue to cook, stirring, until the bok choy and mushrooms are soft, about 4 minutes if the skillet looks dry add 1 more tablespoon of oil. Stir in the scallion greens, then remove the skillet from the heat. Stir in the soy sauce and vinegar.nWhile the bok choy cooks, pat the fish dry with paper towels and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Wipe out the other skillet and add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Put the salmon into the hot skillet, fleshside down, and cook until golden brown and crisp, about 4 minutes. Flip with a spatula and cook the other side to the desired level of doneness, 2 to 3 minutes more.nDivide the vegetables and rice between 4 plates and top each with a piece of salmon. Drizzle with a little extra soy sauce., ingredients: [34 cup basmati rice, Kosher salt, 4 heads baby bok choy, 14 pound shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 3 to 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 scallions, white parts thinly sliced and the green parts cut in 1inch lengths, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, plus more for drizzling, 12 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, Four 6ounce pieces salmon fillet, skin removed], title: 30Minute PanSeared Salmon with Baby Bok Choy and Shiitake Mushrooms, picturelink: 4QKc7eHijIvsIKtzprNz1N88sy7w0i6}, 55792: {instructions: Combine 1 cup water, the sugar, mint and juniper berries in a medium saucepan bring to a simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool completely, then strain into a large bowl.nAdd the ricotta, sour cream, corn syrup and lemon juice to the bowl and whisk until smooth. Strain the mixture through a finemesh sieve into another large bowl, using a rubber spatula to push the mixture through until only dry curds remain in the sieve. Pour the liquid into an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer to a plastic container, cover and freeze until firm, 2 to 3 hours. Scoop into bowls and garnish with mint.nPhotograph by Jason Varney, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 bunch fresh mint, plus more for garnish, 24 juniper berries, 2 cups fresh ricotta, 1 16ounce container sour cream, 14 cup light corn syrup, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Ricotta Sherbet, picturelink: LqDMKycmAl2.Tlxl0ATLfDXG6hi9vDi}, 55793: {instructions: In a food processor or blender, combine chopped watermelon, sugar, vanilla extract and salt. Stir to combine.nPuree watermelon syrup in blender. Strain into small pitcher and bowl. Refrigerate until needed.nMix watermelon syrup with club soda or seltzer to desired strength for flavored soft drink., ingredients: [8 ounces watermelon, chopped into 1 inch dice, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, Club soda or seltzer], title: Watermelon Flavored Syrup for Soft Drinks, picturelink: null}, 55794: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a deep skillet or Dutch oven with the EVOO, 2 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Add the guanciale and brown until lightly crisp. Add the garlic, bell pepper, cubanelles, onions and fresno peppers, and cook until tender, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the pickled peppers and a big splash of their juice, about 2 tablespoons, and deglaze the pan  hold your head back or youll really clean out your sinuses. Add the tomatoes and crush up a bit, then stir in the passata and basil. Simmer to thicken 30 minutes or so. Add the parsley, season with salt and pepper. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium flame.nTo serve: While the sauce heats, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente. Reserve a ladle of the starchy cooking water and drain. Toss the pasta with the butter and half the sauce. Add a little starchy water if too thick. Serve the pasta in shallow bowls, topped with the remaining sauce and pecorino cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons EVOO, 4 ounces guanciale, speck, pancetta or bacon, 14inch dice, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped or sliced, 2 medium or 1 large red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 cubanelle peppers, seeded and chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 Fresno pepper, seeded and chopped, About 3 tablespoons hot pickled Italian cherry peppers, chopped, plus 2 tablespoons of their pickle juice, One 28 to 32ounce can D.O.P. San Marzano tomatoes, 2 cups passata or tomato puree or tomato sauce, A few fresh leaves basil, torn, A handful of fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bucatini pasta hollow spaghetti, 2 tablespoons butter, Pecorino cheese, to pass at table], title: PickaPepper Pasta Bucatini with Hot and Sweet and Pickled Peppers Sauce, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 55795: {instructions: Boil the pasta until al dente, about 10 minutes.nWhile the water is coming to a boil for the pasta and the pasta itself is cooking, cut the chicken into strips about 2 inches long and 14inch wide. In the bottom of a mixing bowl combine thenscallions, sesame oil, rice vinegar, chili paste and peanut butter. Whisk until smooth and seasonnwith salt and crushed red pepper. Add more of any ingredient to make it taste as you wish.nAdd the chicken. When the pasta is done, drain and rinse it under cold water to stop the cooking process and pat dry. Add the pasta to the bowl, toss the ingredients together and adjust the seasoning.nTransfer the salad to a platter lined with spinach leaves dressed or not as you wish with a vinaigrette or favorite salad dressing. Garnish with cucumbers, peanuts or cilantro., ingredients: [34 pound fettucine, 12 ounces cooked chicken or smoked chicken, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons Oriental sesame oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons Chinese chili paste with garlic, 14 cup chunky peanut butter, Salt, Crushed red pepper, Spinach leaves as a bed for salad, 2 Kirby cucumbers, peeled, seeded and grated for garnish, Chopped peanuts andor cilantro leaves for garnish, optional], title: Chinese Chicken Salad with Pasta, picturelink: null}, 55796: {instructions: To a tall glass, add 1 scoop of vanilla ice cream. Pour the schnapps or syrup over the ice cream. Fill the glass the rest of the way with club soda. Serve with a straw and spoon., ingredients: [1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 2 shots peach schnapps, Club soda or sparkling water, 1 scoop vanilla ice cream, 2 shots peach syrup recommended: Torani, Club soda or sparkling water], title: Just Peachy Floats, picturelink: h8dHRT6SGWMxr6V63rP1FBkc31DdNG}, 55797: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until golden brown and crisp, about 8 minutes drain on paper towels.nWhisk the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, sugar and celery seeds in a large bowl until combined. Slice the apples into matchsticks, then add to the bowl with the dressing along with the celery, carrots, walnuts, raisins, parsley and bacon. Season with salt and pepper and toss.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 2 apples such as Gala or Fuji, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 carrots, shredded, 12 cup walnuts, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Waldorf Slaw with Bacon, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 55798: {instructions: Place the meat in the freezer for 1 hour, so that it will be easier to cut.nSlice the meat with the grain as thin as humanly possible.nMix brine ingredients right in a resealable plastic bag placing the bag inside a large plastic container will make this easier.nPlace meat strips in brine. Move the meat around so the marinade is evenly distributed around it. Seal bag, working out as much air as humanly possible.nLay bag flat in the plastic container and refrigerate for 3 to 6 hours.nRemove meat from the brine and drain on cooling racks. Discard the brine.nWhen the meat is dry place it inside Blohard 3000 and set fan to medium. Leave overnight or for at least 12 hours.nIf you dont find yourself in possession of a Blohard 3000, place strips directly on oven racks.nHeat oven to lowest setting and use a blob of foil as a wedge to hold door ajar.nOvendry overnight or until meat reaches a consistency of your liking.nStore in ziptop bag or jar in a cool dark place for 30 or 40 years or until fuzzy stuff starts to grow on it., ingredients: [2 pounds red meat although you can use elk, bear, venison, wild boar or just about any other critter you can hunt. I stick with beef such as top round steak, flank steak or brisket, 23 cup Worcestershire sauce, 23 cup soy sauce, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon liquid smoke, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Jerky, picturelink: null}, 55799: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F, and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Add the almonds, baking soda, salt and 1 12 cups confectioners sugar to a food processor. Process until finely ground, about 1 minute.nWhisk together the honey, vanilla and egg. Add to the almond mixture and pulse until a stiff dough forms.nRoll tablespoonsized portions of dough into balls, and coat in the remaining cup confectioners sugar. Place at least 3 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets.nBake, rotating halfway through, until cracked and solid to the touch, 18 to 20 minutes. Slide the parchment off the baking sheets and allow the ricciarelli to cool completely before peeling off the paper. Store cookies in a tin or airtight container for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 cups whole almonds, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, at room temperature], title: Ricciarelli, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}}