{56100: {instructions: For the sausages: Preheat a grill on high heat.nIn a medium roasting pan or wide diameter pan, combine the beer, olives, garlic, rosemary and onion wedges. Season with salt and freshly cracked pepper and bring to a simmer. Add the sausages the liquid should come about halfway up the sides of the sausages. If not, add more beer or water until it does. Braise the sausages until cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes.nFor the ribs: Sprinkle the ribs liberally with salt and freshly cracked pepper. Grill over high heat, turning frequently, until cooked through and caramelized on the outside, 15 to 20 minutes total. This is not a low and slow method of cooking ribs its the opposite, high and fast.nRemove the sausages from the braising liquid and grill until there are grill marks on each side, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the ribs and sausages to a large platter. Serve the sausages with the braising liquid on the side if desired., ingredients: [7 to 8 cups Belgian ale or your preferred beer, 5 ounces large black olives, such as Cerignola, 5 cloves garlic, cut into 3 pieces each, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves picked, 1 red onion, cut into thin wedges, Salt and freshly cracked pepper, 12 assorted sausages, such as Italian, Irish banger and andouille, 1 12 racks pork spare ribs, ribs separated, Salt and freshly cracked pepper], title: Rosticciana Spare Ribs and Sausages Braised in Beer and Olives, picturelink: null}, 56101: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a pot and cook for 30 minutes on medium heat., ingredients: [1 can pure pumpkin, 12 sauteed onion, Garlic powder, Pinch cinnamon, 1 can chopped tomato, 1 cup heavy cream, Red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper], title: Pumpkin Soup, picturelink: null}, 56102: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, drain the bacon on paper towels.nFor the rice: In a heavy saucepan or Dutch oven, bring the broth and thyme to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the brown and wild rice. Cover the saucepan and simmer until the rice is tender but still chewy, 30 minutes. Turn off the heat and allow the rice to stand for 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork.nFor the vegetables: In the same skillet used to cook the bacon, heat the butter and oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and season with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally until light golden, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook until softened, about 8 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Cook for 5 minutes.nTransfer the vegetable mixture to the saucepan of cooked rice. Add the hazelnuts and cooked bacon. Toss until all the ingredients are mixed. Transfer to a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces applewoodsmoked bacon, chopped into 12inch pieces, 4 12 cups lowsalt chicken broth, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 14 cups shortgrain brown rice, 1 14 cups wild rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, One 14ounce bag frozen pearl onions, thawed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces 3 large portobello mushrooms, shredded or thinly sliced, 8 ounces Brussels sprouts, trimmed and thinly sliced, 12 cup hazelnuts, toasted, husked, coarsely chopped, optional], title: Christmas Stuffing with Bacon, picturelink: gAlv9AaTuZ0tLQjyf5kTdR8PfabbPLO}, 56103: {instructions: Form sushi cakes either using a rice mold or your hands. Make a small hole in the cake and fill with gari. Reseal hole and let rest for 5 minutes. On a hot grill, mark the cake. Turn over and glaze marked side. Turn again and glaze. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve hot.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl., ingredients: [2 cups cooked flavored sushi rice, 14 cup soyginger glaze, recipe follows, 14 cup gari julienned, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 cup thin soy sauce, Juice and zest of 2 oranges, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced ginger], title: Grilled Sushi Rice with SoyGinger Glaze, picturelink: null}, 56104: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saucepan, melt the butter but dont let it brown. Mix in the sugar and corn syrup and cook, stirring, over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Stir in the eggs. Mix well. Stir in the pecans. Pour into the pie shell and bake for 1 hour or until firm when shaken., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup Karo syrup, 3 eggs, beaten, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 unbaked 9inch pie shell], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 56105: {instructions: Cut the top from 1 of the pineapples and run the knife around body inside, leaving a 14inch border. Push in from every side, cut the center into 4 and pull out each quarter with a fork. Repeat with the second pineapple. Cut the pineapple into small cubes and add the lemon zest, dates, raisins with rum and the pecans. Place in the freezer to chill. Peel and finely slice the banana and add to the thoroughly chilled fruits with the ginger and cherries. Rechill. Place the egg whites in a mixing bowl and beat at medium speed gradually adding sugar until stiff peaks form. Beat the heavy cream until stiff. Carefully blend in the 8 egg yolks and when combined, fold into the egg white mixture.nPour the chilled fruit and grated chocolate into the egg mixture ad spoon as much as possible into the pineapple shells. Cover each with clear plastic and place in the freezer to harden. The remaining cream mixture can be placed in a mold and frozen.nServe when thoroughly chilled., ingredients: [2 ripe pineapples, 3 lemons, zested, finely diced, 12 dates, cut in half, 3 ounces raisins, soaked in 2 ounces light rum for 2 hours, 2 ounces pecans, 1 banana, 1ounce crystallized ginger, sliced, 24 Maraschino cherries, 8 eggs, separated, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 cups heavy cream, 2 ounces dark bitter chocolate, grated], title: Pineapple Ocho Rios, picturelink: null}, 56106: {instructions: Bring a 6quart pot of highly salted water to boil over high heat. Add the shrimp to the boiling water and simmer until they are cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. With a slotted spoon or strainer, transfer the shrimp to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Once cooled, drain, pat dry and reserve.nPuree the creme fraiche, tarragon, scallions, zest and lemon juice in food processor until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and serve with the reserved shrimp.nBYOC: For a little extra depth of flavor, try adding an anchovy fillet to the puree... trust me, its great, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined, leaving tails on, 1 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 2 scallions, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Shrimp with Green Goddess Sauce, picturelink: CUHsYcXsA3Zq9cAwqUeiRgelRtABgjm}, 56107: {instructions: Beat 4 ounces softened cream cheese, a 15ounce can creamed corn, 34 cup thawed frozen corn, 12 cup cornmeal and 12 chopped onion. Stir in 23 cup milk, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 beaten egg, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup shredded cheddar, and salt and pepper. Spread in a buttered 1quart casserole dish and bake 50 minutes at 350 degrees. Let stand 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Corn Pudding, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 56108: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nFor the salmon: Remove the skin and any bones from the salmon and cut into small pieces. Add to a food processor and pulse until finely chopped. Remove and add to a large bowl.nFor the pesto: Put the pistachios, basil, orange juice, Parmesan, olive oil, garlic,hot sauce and a pinch of salt and pepper in a blender or food processor and puree.nFor the burger: Add 12 cup of pesto per pound of salmon and stir in the breadcrumbs until incorporated. Add some more breadcrumbs if the mixture is too moist to hold together. Cook a small piece of the burger mixture and test for taste and consistency.nPortion the burger mixture into 6ounce patties, arrange on a baking sheet and bake for 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and then wrap each burger in phyllo dough. Return the burgers to the oven at the same temperature for 7 more minutes. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [14 to 20 ounces fresh salmon fillets, 2 cups shelled pistachios, toasted for 3 minutes, 2 ounces fresh basil leaves, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, Pinch kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup breadcrumbs, plus more if needed, 6 sheets phyllo dough], title: Luna Sea Burger, picturelink: null}, 56109: {instructions: Dredge the veal cutlets in the flour and season with salt, pepper and fresh sage. In large skillet set over moderately high heat and heat the oil and butter until hot. Add the veal cutlets and cook them for 2 minutes on each side or until just cooked. Transfer the veal to a plate. Add the wine to the skillet and reduce it by half. Add the broth and tomato puree and bring to a simmer. Return the veal cutlets to the pan and simmer for 2 to 3 more minutes, or until veal is heated through. Transfer to a serving platter and garnish with the fresh sage leaves., ingredients: [4 veal cutlets, Flour for dredging, Salt and pepper to taste, 4 fresh sage leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 12 cup dry white wine, 23 cup beef broth, 12 cup sundried tomato puree, Fresh sage leaves for garnish], title: Sauteed Veal Cutlets with SunDried Tomato Puree, picturelink: null}, 56110: {instructions: Polenta:nIn a heavy bottomed saucepan, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add garlic, shallots, rosemary, and red pepper and saute until vegetables are tender. Add all liquid and bring to a boil. Slowly pour in polenta, whisking constantly. Continue to stir for about 3 to 5 minutes and then add Parmesan and parsley and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour onto a halfsheet pan and cool. You can make the polenta the day before and store in refrigerator.nCut cooled polenta into 4 by 4inch squares and then cut each in half to make triangles. When ready to prepare salmon, lightly oil a flat grill or grill pan when hot, place polenta triangles in pan and brown on both sides, in batches as needed.nRagout:nHeat olive oil in a large skillet and add garlic and onions. Saute until golden brown, then add mushrooms and saute until tender. Deglaze with white wine. Reduce until little liquid remains and then stir in 2 tablespoons cold butter. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Keep warm until ready to serve.nSalmon:nHeat a grill or grill pan. Lightly oil the salmon fillets and season with salt and pepper. Place on grill, skin side up, and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Flip over and cook for 3 to 4 more minutes. Remove from grill and serve promptly with a portion of the ragout and 2 polenta triangles per person., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 small red pepper, minced, 3 cups chicken stock, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups polenta, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 cup peeled pearl onions, 2 cups assorted wild mushrooms, 34 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds wild king salmon, cut into 6 to 8ounce pieces, skin on, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 18 teaspoon each kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Alder Roasted Salmon with Rosemary Polenta and Wild MushroomPearl Onion Ragout, picturelink: null}, 56111: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water by 1 inch season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer until tender, about 9 minutes, adding the asparagus during the last 2 minutes of cooking. Drain.nMeanwhile, combine the breadcrumbs and 1 tablespoon tarragon in a shallow dish. Season the pork with 12 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper and the paprika. Spread 1 tablespoon mustard on one side of the chops, then press, mustardside down, into the crumb mixture.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the pork chops, crumbside down, and cook until golden brown and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side.nWhisk the sour cream, vinegar and the remaining 1 tablespoon each mustard and tarragon in a large bowl. Add the potatoes and asparagus, the basil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper toss. Serve with the pork chops.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 pound redskinned potatoes, cut into 12inch pieces, Kosher salt, 1 small bunch asparagus, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 4 boneless centercut pork chops 34 inch thick, 1 14 pounds total, Freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup fatfree sour cream, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 cup torn fresh basil], title: MustardCrusted Pork Chops with AsparagusPotato Salad, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 56112: {instructions: Dissolve yeast and salt in warm water and allow it to proof. The mixture should develop foam at the top which looks like the head of a beer. If it doesnt, the yeast is dead and should be discarded. This process takes about 15 minutes.nSift the flour into a large bowl and gradually mix in the lard with your fingers. Then gradually add the yeast mixture and mix until the flour is moistened. Turn onto a floured board and knead into a cohesive mass. Place into a bowl, cover with a damp kitchen towel and place in a warm place to allow the dough to rise. This will take 30 to 45 minutes.nPunch the dough down, cover with the towel again and let sit in a warm place for another 30 minutes or so to allow to rise again. Note: the dough will not rise as much the second time.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Transfer dough to a floured board and form into 2 or 3 loaves or bars. Place in a greased pan and brush the top of the dough with oil. Bake for 30 to 50 minutes until golden brown. The baked loaves should sound hollow when tapped., ingredients: [1 packet quick acting yeast, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 cups warm water between 110 and 120 degrees F as measured with a candy thermometer, 5 cups allpurpose flour, 6 teaspoons lard or olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, for brushing loaves], title: Boule Shaped Loaves of Bread: Pan De Horno, picturelink: SVdL0xSGBEfHou9XWIoB.CE9PwUpxe}, 56113: {instructions: Heat 1 cup of the milk in a medium saucepan over low heat. Add chocolate, stirring constantly, until melted. When the chocolate has melted, increase heat to medium and add the remainder of the milk while whisking rapidly. Do not allow to boil. Add 1 ounce peppermint schnapps to each of 6 mugs. Pour the hot chocolate mixture into the mugs and top with whipped cream if desired. Add mini candy canes or peppermint sticks to each mug before serving, if desired., ingredients: [1 quart milk skim, 2 percent or whole or halfandhalf, 6 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 9 ounces peppermint schnapps], title: Minted Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 56114: {instructions: Cover the sunflower seeds with at least 14 inch of water and soak, at room temperature in an air tight container, for at least 24 hours. The seeds are ready when they have nearly doubled in size.nDrain the seeds and pulse half about 1 cup with the lemon juice, mustard and 14 teaspoon salt in a food processor until almost smooth, scraping down the bowl as needed.nAdd the remaining seeds, along with the dill, parsley, paprika, celery, shallot, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper to the food processor. Pulse until the mixture resembles tuna salad. Refrigerate in an airtight container for up to 3 days.nFill a whole wheat wrap with lettuce, tomato, avocado and the vegan tuna salad., ingredients: [1 cup raw hulled sunflower seeds, Juice of 12 lemon about 2 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons fresh dill, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons parsley leaves, coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon paprika, 1 stalk celery with leaves, chopped, 1 small shallot, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: whole wheat wraps, lettuce, tomato and avocado], title: Vegan Sunflower Seed Tuna Salad, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 56115: {instructions: Place the peanut oil in a 4 to 5quart Dutch oven and place over mediumhigh heat. Heat oil until it reaches 375 degrees F.nRinse the squid thoroughly and pat dry. Cut the tentacles in half lengthwise and the tubes into 12inch rings. Set aside.nPlace the flour and the cornmeal into a medium mixing bowl and stir to combine. In small handfuls, dredge the squid in the flour and cornmeal mixture and shake off the excess. In batches, gently lower the squid into the hot oil. Cook for 1 minute. The squid will not be browned, but lightly golden in color. Remove the squid and transfer to a cooling rack turned upside down set over a newspaperlined sheet pan. Season with salt and pepper, as desired. Repeat until all of the squid is cooked. Make sure to check the temperature of the oil before each batch to ensure it is 375 degrees F. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 quarts peanut oil, 1 pound squid, tubes and tentacles, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup plain cornmeal, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Dry Fried Calamari, picturelink: iAxLlit37wq5mlWhZ.1LRJLy1ba652}, 56116: {instructions: Combine Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, ketchup, mustard, molasses and horseradish in small bowl. Season, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes.nHeat grill pan or grill on high heat. Brush steak with oil on both sides and season, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Grill, turning once, 8 minutes or until desired doneness. Let stand 5 minutes, then thinly slice.nSpread mayonnaise mixture on rolls. Arrange steak on rolls, then top with lettuce., ingredients: [14 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 2 Tbsp. ketchup, 2 Tbsp. whole grain Dijon mustard, 2 Tbsp. molasses, 2 Tbsp. horseradish, drained, 112 lbs. skirt steak, 2 Tbsp. canola oil, 4 hoagies or rolls, split, 3 cups shredded romaine lettuce leaves], title: Grilled Steak Sandwiches with Steak Sauce Mayonnaise and Romaine, picturelink: null}, 56117: {instructions: Blend all the ingredients until smooth. Pour into a tall glass filled with crushed ice. Garnish with a lime., ingredients: [112 oz. light rum, 1 whole kiwi, skinned and diced, 1 oz. lime juice, 1 oz. pineapple juice, 3 oz. guava juice, Quarter cup freshly chopped guava, Lime wheel], title: Kiwi Kutee, picturelink: I7vswDdsU3gzgdJpnNpVbKtX2S.7eGm}, 56118: {instructions: Combine all ingredients for oatmeal in a small nonstick pot on the stove. Add 34 cup of water and mix well. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and then reduce to a simmer. Cook for about 9 minutes, stirring often, until somewhat thick and creamy. It will thicken more upon chilling. Remove from heat and allow to slightly cool. Transfer to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate until chilled, at least 1 12 hours.nStir oatmeal thoroughly until uniform in texture. Spoon half of the oatmeal into a pint glass, and top with 14 cup of sliced strawberries, 14 cup of yogurt, and half of the banana slices. Repeat with the remaining oatmeal, strawberries, yogurt, and banana.nServe and enjoy, ingredients: [13 cup oldfashioned oats, 34 cup unsweetened vanilla almond milk recommended: Blue Diamond Unsweetened Vanilla Almond Breeze, 1 nocalorie sweetener packet, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract, Dash salt, 12 cup sliced strawberries, 12 cup fatfree vanilla yogurt with about 100 calories per 6ounce serving, 12 banana, sliced], title: Berry Nana Oatmeal Parfait, picturelink: U6cLA41buFe6BmtwuxJk5rEhPgz1aW}, 56119: {instructions: Preheat a fryer with canola oil to 375 degrees F. Soak yucca root chips in hot water for 15 minutes. Remove from the water and pat dry with paper towels. Fry until light brown, about 1 to 1 12 minutes. Season with sea salt. Set aside.nIn a blender, combine mustard, honey, lemon, habanero, egg yolks, and cilantro and puree. With the machine running, add the olive oil slowly. Season with salt. Refrigerate until ready to use.nIn a saucepan heat canola oil to 375 degrees F. Soak the oysters in buttermilk and transfer to the flour to get a light coating and fry for 45 seconds to 1 minute until lightly brown. Transfer oysters to a paper towel to drain. Place oysters on top of yucca root chips, spoon a little habanero sauce on each oyster and sprinkle with mango pico.nMix all ingredients in a bowl and let sit for 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 yucca root, peeled and sliced thin to make chips, Canola oil, for frying, Sea salt, 2 tablespoons mustard, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped habanero pepper, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 12 cup olive oil, 16 oysters, shucked, Buttermilk, for dredging, Flour, for dredging, 1 12 cups Mango Pico, recipe follows, 12 cup diced mango, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 cup diced onion, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 14 teaspoon sea salt], title: Jeffreys Crispy Oyster Nachos, picturelink: null}, 56120: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare 4 8ounce ramekins or a 1 12quart souffle dish by greasing with softened butter and coating with granulated sugar, pour out any excess. The butter and sugar will keep the souffles from sticking to the sides and will allow them to rise evenly. The sugar will also give the souffle a crunchy crust, which is a great contrast to the soft interior.nTo make the fruit puree base, heat the raspberry puree, 34 cup sugar and butter in a saucepan and place over medium heat. Cook for 10 minutes to dissolve the sugar. Remove from heat, cool slightly, then strain to remove the raspberry seeds. Whisk in the egg yolks 1 at a time.nIn a separate clean bowl, beat the egg whites and cream of tartar just until they hold soft peaks. Fold 13 of the beaten whites into the raspberry mixture to lighten it. Then gently fold in the rest. Spoon into the prepared ramekins or souffle dish and place on a cookie sheet. Bake on the middle rack for about 20 minutes. The souffle is done when it has puffed over the rim, the outside is golden and the center giggles slightly. Take care not to over bake. Dust with powdered sugar before serving., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter plus more for greasing, 34 cup granulated sugar plus more for dusting mold, 1 pint pureed raspberries, 4 eggs, separated, Pinch cream of tartar, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Raspberry Souffle, picturelink: null}, 56121: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 2quart baking dish and set aside.nCut or tear the bread into 1inch cubes and spread it evenly on 2 baking sheets. Toast the bread in the oven until completely dry and beginning to crisp and brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl.nMelt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and a few pinches of salt and saute, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add celery, onion, 2 tablespoons butter, and thyme. Once the butter has melted, cook, stirring frequently, until the vegetables have softened, about 5 minutes. Add sage and remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Add chicken broth to skillet and stir to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nTransfer toasted bread cubes to a large bowl. Pour the chicken broth mixture over the bread cubes and toss to combine until the bread cubes absorb the liquid. Pour the mixture into the greased baking dish, and sprinkle with parsley. Bake in the center of the oven until heated through and the top is golden brown, about 40 minutes. Remove the stuffing from the oven and allow to cool about 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1pound loaf sourdough bread, 8 tablespoons butter, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced 12inch thick in both directions, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 to 4 stalks celery with leaves, halved lengthwise and sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, About 10 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped from the stems, 10 to 12 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 3 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves], title: Sourdough Bread Stuffing, picturelink: 6VHIA1j3jl.fWvVSck7WHJrdMzQlc.2}, 56122: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line standardsize cupcake pans with 16 cupcake liners.nIn a medium bowl, melt the margarine in the microwave. Once melted, add in the can sugar, applesauce, soy milk, vanilla and lemon zest. Sift the flour, baking powder and salt into the wet mixture and whisk together until everything is evenly incorporated with few lumps remaining.nFill the liners threequarters full and bake until golden and a toothpick comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Cool completely.nFor the berry filling: In a small bowl, combine the fruit with the cane sugar and lemon zest.nFor the lemon buttercream: In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream together the vegetable shortening and margarine until light and fluffy. Add in the powdered sugar and lemon zest and continue to mix until it is fluffy.nTo assemble: Poke a hole in the center of each cupcake using the end of a wooden spoon or small offset spatula. Fill the hole completely with the fruit filling. Using a large round frosting tip, pipe a generous amount of lemon buttercream., ingredients: [6 ounces vegan margarine, melted, 1 12 cups organic cane sugar, 6 tablespoons applesauce, 6 ounces soy milk, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon zest, 2 14 cups organic, unbleached white flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chopped raspberries, 12 cup chopped strawberries, 2 tablespoons organic cane sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 23 cup organic vegetable shortening, 13 cup vegan margarine, 4 cups powdered sugar, 3 to 4 tablespoons lemon zest], title: Vegan Lemon Cupcakes with Fresh Berry Filling and Lemon Buttercream, picturelink: pcrlTNfkRVc4TpPahGsoJksPItFswc6}, 56123: {instructions: Peel plantains, cut in half widthwise and then cut in half lengthwise.nIn a large pot or deepfryer preheat vegetable oil to 325 degrees F. Add the plantains to the oil and fry for 5 minutes. Remove them and place on a flat surface. Increase heat to 375 degrees F. With a metal flat spatula press down onto the plantains until they are flat, less than 14inch. Using a knife to help scrape the plantain off the spatula, deepfry the plantains again for 3 minutes. Pull them out and season both sides with salt and pepper.nCombine the bread crumbs, cayenne pepper, black pepper, salt, paprika, oregano, thyme, garlic powder, onion powder to create Cajun spice.nDip each piece of steak into 4 ounces melted butter and then into the Cajun spice, covering both sides of the steak.nSpread the remaining melted butter onto a flat top grill or metal skillet, place the steak on top and cook on both sides until medium or preferred degree of doneness. After the steak is done slice it thin against the grain.nCombine the mayonnaise and chipolte sauce to create chipolte mayonnaise.nOnions: In a mixing bowl combine flour, salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, and a pinch of cayenne pepper. Slice the onion very thinly. Place in the flour mixture. Squeeze the slices of onions as you are mixing them with the flour mixture. Shake off the excess flour.nDrop a little bit of onions into 375 degree F oil at a time to prevent them from sticking together. Cook for 1 minute and 30 seconds or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels.nBuild a sandwich by layering 1 fried plantain, about 1 tablespoon chipolte mayonnaise spread coast to coast on bottom plantain, sliced steak, and 13 cup of the shredded cheese. Place under the broiler for a minute or 2 or use the microwave to melt cheese. Then continue layering 12 cup of fried onion, 1 more tablespoon chipolte mayonnaise, spread coast to coast on top plantain, fried plantain. Cut sandwich in half before serving., ingredients: [2 large green plantains about 10 inches long and 2 to 3 inches wide, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup paprika, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 4 6ounce skirt steaks, 6 ounces salted butter, melted, 1 cup Cajun Spice, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon chipolte sauce, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon onion powder, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 large Spanish onion, 2 cups mixed shredded cheese Monterey Jack and Cheddar], title: Boricua Plantain Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 56124: {instructions: Special equipment: four 6inch round castiron gratin pansnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRub the turkey breast with 2 teaspoons of the oil sprinkle both sides with salt and pepper. Place on a baking sheet and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part reads 160 degrees F, about 55 minutes. Remove from the oven and let rest 15 minutes the turkey will continue to cook and the internal temperature should reach 165 degrees F.nPlace the bacon lardons on a baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 20 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a paper towellined plate drain and reserve the fat for another use.nLower the oven temperature to 250 degrees F. Coat the tomatoes with the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the tomatoes cutsides up on a parchment paperlined baking sheet and bake until they start to dehydrate and wrinkle, about 45 minutes.nWhile the tomatoes are cooking, start the Mornay sauce. Add the butter to a medium saucepan and melt over medium heat. Add the milk to a small saucepan and heat over medim heat. When the butter is melted, add the flour and stir continuously so the roux doesnt scorch, about 2 minutes. When the milk starts to simmer, slowly add it to the roux, stirring continuously so lumps dont form. Increase the heat and bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the Cheddar and red peppers and stir until smooth. Remove the sauce from the heat and season with salt and pepper.nYou are now ready to assemble the dish. Heat the broiler. Distribute the bread cubes evenly among four 6inch round castiron gratin pans. Cut the turkey into bitesize pieces, about 12 inch each, and divide evenly among the gratin pans. Spoon the Mornay sauce over the pans, and top each with 10 tomato halves. Sprinkle each pan with the Parmesan and bacon and place under the broiler on the bottom rack of the oven until golden and bubbly, 5 to 10 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bonein turkey breast half about 2 pounds, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces bacon, cut into lardons, 20 grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 cups whole milk, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 14 cup chopped roasted red peppers, 2 slices stale sourdough bread, cut into 1inch cubes a heaping 2 cups total, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Hot Browns with Pimento Cheese Mornay, picturelink: D0AkYMln1YJzOae3i7giYgYt73o8EwG}, 56125: {instructions: Add the ice to the blender pitcher. Combine the Kefir, pineapple, and honey in a bowl and then add to the blender. Blend until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve., ingredients: [16 ounces ice, 12 cup kefir cultured milk product available in specialty health food stores, 34 cup diced pineapple, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Pineapple Mama Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 56126: {instructions: Pick over beans and discard any small stones. Cover them with 2 quarts water and remove any floaters. Soak beans for 4 to 8 hours or until water has penetrated to the core of beans. Drain water, place beans in a 4 quart saucepan and cover with another 2 quarts water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 2 to 4 hours or until beans are quite soft but not falling apart. During the last hour of cooking heat vegetable oil in a saute pan, add onion, garlic and chipolte peppers and saute until onion is translucent. Add vegetables to simmering beans along with salt and pepper to taste. If eating as is, add cilantro., ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, 2 quarts water, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 chipolte peppers in adobo, chopped, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 medium onion, diced, 4 tablespoons salt, or to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro optional], title: Black Beans, picturelink: null}, 56127: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the corn flakes, coconut flakes, butter, granulated sugar and cinnamon on a large baking sheet and bake until golden and crisp, about 8 minutes.nUse a 2inch scoop to scoop 4 balls from each flavor of ice cream. Roll to coat the balls in the corn flake mixture on all sides and freeze for at least 30 minutes and up to overnight.nServe the ice cream with the Fried Sweet Dough and drizzle with chocolate sauce.nHeat the oil in a large Dutch oven or heavy highsided pot to 350 degrees F.nWorking in batches, fry the dough pieces until puffed and golden, about 1 minute. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on a towellined plate.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar and cocoa and sprinkle over the fried dough., ingredients: [10 cups corn flakes, crushed, 1 cup coconut flakes, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, 1 quart strawberry ice cream, 1 quart chocolate ice cream, Fried Sweet Dough, recipe follows, Chocolate sauce, for serving, 2 quarts 8 cups canola oil, 2 sheets prepared croissant dough, cut into 2inch squares, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons cocoa powder], title: Fried Ice Cream with Cereal Crust, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 56128: {instructions: Heat oven to 325 F.nMelt chocolate and butter in a double boiler over simmering water.nStir sugar into chocolate until blended. Add eggs and vanilla. Stir in flour and nuts. Spread into a buttered 13 x 9 baking pan.nBake 3035 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes up with crumbs not batter. Cool in pan., ingredients: [6 ounces SCHARFFEN BERGER 70 Cacao Bittersweet Chocolate, 34 cup butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 cup flour, 1 cup chopped nuts optional], title: John Scharffenbergers Favorite Brownies, picturelink: null}, 56129: {instructions: Place the chicken stock in a heavybottomed pot over high heat. Add the lime peel, lemon peel, ginger root, green chiles, and the cilantro stems and roots. Bring to a boil, turn down to a simmer and cook until reduced to 3 cups. Press occasionally on the solids with a wooden spoon to release flavor. Working with a sharp knife, cut the chicken breasts into broad slices, as thin as possible. Salt lightly, and reserve in refrigerator. When broth is reduced, strain into a measuring cup. Press on the solids in the strainer with a wooden spoon. Place the coconut milk in the soup pot over medium heat. Slowly stir in the reduced broth. Warm rapidly but do not allow to boil otherwise the coconut milk will separate. When the soup is just below the boiling point, add the chicken slices. Remove from heat after 30 seconds or when the chicken is just cooked through. Just before serving, mix together the lime juice and sugar in a small bowl. Blend in the fish sauce. Pour mixture into hot soup, season to taste and garnish soup with a little bit of chopped scallion and cilantro leaves. Yield: 6 firstcourse servings.nOptional step: If your soup has curdled a bit, or if youd like a fluffier texture in the soup, before you add the chicken, place the soup in a blender at high speed for 30 seconds. Then return to pot, add chicken and proceed as before. As an appetizer: Looks lovely served individually in six wide, shallow soup bowls. Great starter for many kinds of meals, not just Thai. As a main course: By doubling the amount of chicken and keeping the same amount of liquid, you convert this soup practically into a stew. The six wide, shallow bowls still work well place a halfcup of steamed white rice to one side in each bowl, then divide the soupstew among the bowls. Serve a tomato salad on the side that has been dressed with lime juice, sugar, fish sauce, and topped with chopped peanuts and minced cilantro. If you can get the Thai ingredients: for the lime and lemon peel, substitute 38 cup Keffir lime leaves, 2 lemon grass stalks chopped, 3 thick slices dried galanga root., ingredients: [6 cups chicken stock, Zest of 3 large limes, Zest of 3 large lemons, 6 heaping tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh ginger root, 3 hot green chiles, halved and seeded preferably jalapeno, 34 cup chopped cilantro stems and roots, washed carefully, 34 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, halffrozen, 3 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Nam Pla, bottled Thai fish sauce, Finely chopped scallion and cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Thai Chicken and Coconut Milk Soup, picturelink: null}, 56130: {instructions: Prepare the grill and let burn down to medium coals or heat gas grill on medium heat.nIn a colander set over another bowl, salt the eggplant and let drain for 30 minutes then rinse and dry.nBrush the eggplant slices with olive oil and season with pepper. Toss the peppers with a little olive oil. Place both on the grill and cook the eggplant until browned on the first side, about 3 minutes. The slices should be browned between the grill marks when ready to turn. Move them away from direct heat and cook on the second side until tender, about 10 minutes total. Cut the grilled slices into 12inch dice.nCook the peppers, turning as necessary, until charred all over. Remove the peppers to a bowl. Cover and let the peppers steam to loosen the skins. When cool enough to handle, peel, seed, and tear into long, thin strips.nDivide the dough into 6 equal balls. Working on a surface free of flour, roll each ball under your palm. As it rolls, it will stick slightly to the surface, creating tension that helps form a tight, round ball. Dust the work surface lightly with flour, pat each ball down lightly, dust the tops with flour, cover with a towel, and let rise for about 15 minutes. With a rolling pin, roll out each ball into a circle 8 or 9 inches in diameter and about 18inch thick.nHave the grill ready at medium heat. Have the 14 cup olive oil, eggplant, peppers, garlic, oregano, red pepper flakes, if using, olives, and cheese in bowls and ready by the side of the grill.nBrush each dough round with about 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Place on the grill, oiled side up, and cook until browned on the underside, about 2 minutes. Turn and, working quickly, brush each round with another 1 teaspoon olive oil. Then scatter each with 16 each of the garlic, oregano, red pepper flakes, if using, eggplant, bell peppers, olives, and cheese. Cover the grill and cook until the rounds are browned on the bottom and the cheese has softened, about 7 minutes. Transfer to plates and top each with an equal amount of the arugula. Spritz lightly with vinegar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 eggplants, about 3 pounds total, sliced 34 inches thick, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing on vegetables, plus about 14 cup, 2 large red or yellow bell peppers, 1 recipe Piadine dough or prepared pizza dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, About 1 cup pitted kalamata olives, About 12 pound buffalo mozzarella cheese or provolone, coarsely shredded, About 3 cups packed arugula, Balsamic vinegar], title: Grilled Eggplant Pizza, picturelink: vYVkmnq3.jYtmGsVDhPOVGCmtMiWfK}, 56131: {instructions: In a large bowl, place ground beef, scallions, 3 tablespoons water and soy sauce together. Mix ingredients until combined. Place small spoonfuls of the filling onto the dumpling wrappers. Using your fingers, wet the edges of the wrappers with beaten egg and pinch and press the edges to seal.nPreheat a large nonstick frying pan.nOnce skillet is hot, carefully place the dumplings into the hot frying pan cook undisturbed for 3 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons of water and cover pan. Reduce heat to medium and cook until water evaporates, about 5 minutesnA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 pound ground chuck, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce recommended: Kikkoman, 3 tablespoons water, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 beaten egg, 1 package pot sticker wraps recommended: Dynasty, GyozaPotsticker wrappers], title: Fried Beef Dumplings, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 56132: {instructions: Season the sea bass with salt and pepper.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, add the canola oil and heat the oil to a slight smoke. Add 1 sprig of fresh thyme to the saute pan and sear the sea bass skin side down for 34 of the cooking time about 7 minutes. This will give the fish a beautiful crisp skin and golden color.nWhile the fish is cooking start the grits. In a 2 quart saucepot add 2 tablespoons of butter and 1 sprig of fresh thyme. When the butter begins to brown, add the mushrooms and saute until golden. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the grits, add the chicken stock, and reduce to a simmer. When the grits begin to thicken finish with heavy cream and 1 tablespoon of butter. Season with salt and pepper, when ready to serve, remove the thyme sprig. Keep the grits warm on a low temperature.nCarefully turn the fish over, to finish the other side. Remove the sea bass and hold in a warm place.nIn the same saute pan, on the same temperature, add the spinach. It will quickly wilt. Finish the spinach with the remaining whole butter and season with salt and pepper.nFor presentation, serve this dish in a large soup bowl. Using a ladle, scoop a small amount of grits into the bottom of each bowl. Layer a small amount of spinach on the grits and finish with the sea bass. Garnish with fresh thyme., ingredients: [4 6ounce center cut fillets Chilean sea bass, Salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons canola oil, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 6 tablespoons whole butter, 2 pints assorted mushrooms shiitake, cremini, portobello, 2 cups instant grits, 1 quart chicken stock, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 pound baby spinach, carefully washed], title: Pan Seared Chilean Sea Bass with Wild Mushroom Grits and Fresh Spinach, picturelink: null}, 56133: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfry thermometer, spider or mesh strainer, latex glovesnMake the nest: Heat the oil to 375 degrees F in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Line an 8inch diameter bowl with plastic wrap leaving some overhang. Line another medium bowl with paper towels. Separate the vermicelli bundles lengthwise into 1inchwide sections. Its okay if some noodles break off, you may still use them. Drop one bunch into the oil the noodles will immediately puff and the oil will bubble vigorously. Cook for 10 to 15 seconds, until the oil stops bubbling and the vermicelli are crisp. Using a spider or mesh strainer, transfer the noodles to the paper towellined bowl and immediately sprinkle with salt, tossing to coat. When the temperature returns to 375 drop another bunch in. Repeat the frying process until all of the vermicelli, including any loose or broken pieces are cooked. Set the fried vermicelli aside.nHeat the chocolate in a small microwavable bowl in the microwave until melted, about 2 minutes, pausing every 30 seconds to stir with a rubber spatula. Remove the paper towels from the bowl of vermicelli and discard. Scrape the melted chocolate into the bowl of vermicelli. Wearing latex gloves, use your hands to toss the vermicelli with the chocolate until the noodles are completely coated and sticky. Gently press the mixture into the bottom and up the sides of the plastic lined bowl leaving the edges uneven and ragged to resemble a birds nest. Chill the nest in the bowl until firm, at least 30 minutes.nMake the cake. Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter two 9inch round cake pans and line the bottoms with circles of parchment paper. Whisk the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt together in a medium bowl and set aside.nBeat the butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and slowly add the sugar, beating until the mixture is light and smooth, about 4 minutes. Turn off the mixer and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the cocoa powder and vanilla and beat on medium, 1 minute more. Reduce the mixer speed to mediumlow and add the eggs, one at a time, beating for 1 minute between each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl.nCombine the milk with 1 14 cups water in a small saucepan, bring just to a boil and remove from the heat.nWith the mixer on low, add the flour mixture, about 14 cup at a time, until it is incorporated. Turn off the mixer, then carefully pour the hot liquid into the batter and combine by hand with a whisk until smooth. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared pans. Lightly tap each pan on the counter to settle the batter.nBake until the cakes begin to pull away from the sides of the pans and the centers spring back when touched lightly, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool the cakes in the pans on a rack for 10 minutes. Run a thin knife or small spatula around the edges of the pan, turn out the cake layers and place on the rack to cool completely.nMake the buttercream: Beat the butter, confectionersu00bf sugar and salt in a large bowl with an electric mixer on medium speed until just combined. Add the vanilla extract and increase the speed to mediumhigh, beating until fluffy and creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat in 2 tablespoons milk and the food coloring, if using, to make a pastel shade. Continue beating until light and spreadable, 2 minutes. If the frosting seems too stiff, add the remaining tablespoon of milk.nTo assemble: Place 1 cake layer rightside up on a cake stand or flat plate and top with 1 cup of frosting. Using a large offset spatula, spread the icing evenly over the layer to the edges. Place the other layer, on top. Evenly spread half of the remaining frosting over the top, leaving a small offcenter mound to place the nest on. Spread the remaining frosting around the sides of the cake in a swirly pattern. Lift the chocolate nest from the bowl by the plasticwrap overhang. Peel off the plastic and discard. Place the nest on the top of the cake on the mound of frosting and fill with candy coated eggs., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 2 ounces dried rice vermicelli noodles see Cooks Note, Kosher salt, Two 3ounce bars semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch Process, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, 14 cup milk, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 cups confectionersu00bf sugar, Pinch fine salt, 2 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, Yellow food coloring, optional, Mini candycoated chocolate eggs, for decorating], title: Chocolate Pastel Easter Cake with a Chocolate Vermicelli Nest, picturelink: LKjkWi5E5x4DiNp7Rqj6vLawgqwjEI2}, 56134: {instructions: Place lobster in large bowl of 96.8 degree water to drown.nBring large pot of water to boil and add 12 allspice berries and bay leaves. Remove claws and legs from lobster. Reserve legs and add claws and tail to water and cover pot. Cook 3 minutes for each pound, about 6 minutes total. Plunge in bowl of ice water when done, to stop cooking. Once cooled, cut lobster in 12 lengthwise and rinse. Remove meat from tail and claws and cut into small pieces and set aside. Rinse tail shell and reserve.nIn small pan, add remaining allspice and 12 of rum. Heat on medium low heat.nPlace lobster legs in blender and crush. Strain allspicerum mixture into blender with legs and puree. Heat 1 tablespoon clarified butter in frying pan on medium heat. Add shallot and garlic. Stir in the tomatoes and season generously with salt and pepper. Strain pureed legs and rum mixture through a fine sieve into tomato mixture and add white wine boil, stirring well. Sieve all this into a clean saucepan and reduce to 38 cup.nPreheat warming oven to 400 degrees. In a small frying pan, melt fresh butter and cook mushrooms. Stir in lime juice. Add shrimp and lobster meat. Push contents of pan to edge, add remaining rum and flame. When flames have died down, stir in sour cream and tomatolobster stock and reduce again. Stir in arrowroot mixture. Place tail shells in the oven to warm on a heatproof platter. Toss watercress with oil and vinegar. Remove shells from the oven and spoon lobster mixture into heated shells and garnish with dressed watercress., ingredients: [1 2 pound, 4 ounce lobster, 30 allspice berries, 2 bay leaves, 4 ounces rum, Clarified butter, 1 shallot, finely sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 ounces tomatoes, roughly sliced, Freshly ground salt, to taste, Freshly ground pepper, to taste, 3 ounces white wine, 2 ounces salted butter, 4 ounces small white mushrooms, 1 lime, juiced, 4 ounces tiny finger shrimp, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon arrowroot, mixed with 1ounce rum, 1 bunch watercress, 1ounce oil, 1ounce white wine vinegar], title: Lobster Miranda Hill, picturelink: null}, 56135: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with two kitchen towels stacked on top of each other and place in the oven. This will keep your cooked pancakes warm.nFor the sauce: Combine the strawberries, 13 cup of the sugar and the salt in a bowl and toss to coat. Let stand for 10 minutes, toss again and mash half the berries with a potato masher or fork set aside. Combine the remaining 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons sugar with 2 tablespoons water in a medium skillet and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Continue cooking and stirring until the syrup turns medium amber in color, about 2 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the strawberry mixture it will bubble up. When the bubbling stops, return the pan to medium heat and continue cooking, stirring often, until the sauce thickens slightly and the caramel is completely dissolved, 2 to 2 12 minutes. Stir in the vanilla and pour sauce into a serving bowl keep warm.nFor the pancakes: Whisk the flour, cocoa powder, cornstarch, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda together in a medium bowl. Whisk the milk, butter, eggs and vanilla together in another bowl. Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stir until just incorporated itu00bfs okay if there are some lumps. Let the batter rest for 5 minutes.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Ladle a 14 cup of the batter into the skillet, spreading it into a 5inch round repeat to make a second pancake. Cook until the pancakes are golden on the bottom and bubbly on top, about 45 seconds. Flip the pancakes and cook until the undersides are golden and batter is cooked through, about 30 seconds more. Transfer the pancakes to the baking sheet in the oven, tucking them between the kitchen towels. Repeat with the remaining batter to make more pancakes.nWhen ready to serve, stack 3 pancakes on each plate, layering 1 12 tablespoons white chocolate between each pancake and on top you should have 4 stacks. Serve with warm Caramel Strawberry Sauce., ingredients: [One 10ounce bag frozen strawberries about 2 cups, thawed, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 13 cup unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 14 cup cornstarch, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 14 cups milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 1 14 cups finely chopped white chocolate about 7 ounces], title: Chocolate Pancakes with Caramel Strawberry Sauce, picturelink: qVLFDXJhhCnkZmIRJa3iimfA.cyWJ6}, 56136: {instructions: Preheat a baking sheet under the broiler. Divide 1 pound refrigerated pizza dough into 4 balls coat with olive oil and season with salt. Roll in 14 cup sesame seeds. Thinly stretch out the dough and broil, two at a time, on the hot baking sheet until golden, 3 minutes per side. Serve with plain Greek yogurt mixed with harissa and olive oil.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: Sesame Flatbread, picturelink: kyWYO8WbGUzeoDgjvZT1Cbzqb94KKc2}, 56137: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, orange juice, light brown sugar, rice wine vinegar, cornstarch, sesame oil and red pepper flakes. Reserve.nSet a wok over mediumhigh heat and coat with 1 tablespoon of the peanut oil. When the oil shimmers, add about half of the chicken thigh pieces. Stirfry until the chicken is fully cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate and repeat the process with the remaining chicken thighs.nAdd enough peanut oil to the hot wok to coat the bottom. Add the ginger, garlic and green onions and stirfry until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the chicken back to the wok along with the broccoli florets and stir to warm through. Pour in the reserved sauce and stir until the sauce is thickened and bubbly, about 45 seconds. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve with rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 12 tablespoon cornstarch, 12 tablespoon sesame oil, 12 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more if desired, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, plus more as needed, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons peeled and chopped fresh ginger, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 green onions, sliced, 4 cups broccoli florets, precooked, Hot cooked rice, for serving], title: Pats Broccoli and Chicken StirFry, picturelink: yO5uOQizJwJ27QtqcsAPOgsIBA9HBc.}, 56138: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nScrub potatoes, pierce the skin with a fork, drizzle with olive oil and salt and place on a sheet pan. Place the sheet pan in the oven and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour until they are easily pierced with a pairing knife. Allow the potatoes to cool slightly then peel the potatoes while they are still hot and press them through a potato ricer. Put the potatoes in a large bowl with salt, nutmeg, baking powder, grated cheese and egg white. Add the flour a little at a time and mix with your hands until the mixture forms a rough dough. Do not overwork the dough. Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface. Gently knead the dough for 1 or 2 minutes until smooth, adding a little bit more flour, if necessary, to keep it from sticking.nBreak off a piece of the dough and roll it back and forth into a rope, about the thickness of your index finger. Cut the rope into 1inch pieces. Gently roll each piece down the prongs of a fork while pressing a small dimple with your finger in the back. The gnocchi should be slightly curved and marked with ridges. This will allow the pillows to hold sauce when served. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 12 hours.nBoil the gnocchi in batches in plenty of salted water. The gnocchi are done about 2 minutes after they float to the surface, remove with a slotted spoon. Reserve about 12 cup cooking water. If not cooking immediately, place the gnocchi in a single layer on a baking pan dusted with flour.nNote: If the gnocchi start to feather and fall apart in boiling water, you need more flour. If the gnocchi dont float after 2 minutes and are hard, you used too much flour.nBlanch peas in hot water and set aside.nPlace 4 strips of prosciutto on a sheet pan and place in a preheated 350 degree F oven. Cook until the bacon is crispy, 8 to 10 minutes.nAdd chopped shallots to a pan over medium high heat with 2 counts of olive oil pan of and gently saute until fragrant and translucent. Dump in the peas and toss gently to coat. Season with a little salt and pepper. Add boiled gnocchi to the pan and gently toss. Add a ladle of gnocchi water to the pan, add 1 tablespoon of butter, sprinkle with Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Serve topped with crispy prosciutto and a scoop of fresh lemon ricotta. Optional: finish with a drizzle of white truffle oilnPlace the ricotta cheese in a mixing bowl and add the lemon zest and juice. Season with salt and serve with the gnocchi.nYield: 4 to 6 servings, ingredients: [2 pounds about 4 russet potatoes, or similar starchywhite variety, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 egg white, 1 to 1 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups frozen peas, thawed, 14 pound prosciutto, 1 large shallot, finely diced, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, Grated Parmesan, 2 cups Lemon Ricotta, recipe follows, 2 cups good quality ricotta cheese, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salt], title: Potato Gnocchi with Peas, Prosciutto and Ricotta, picturelink: ggAjTu62HL2.HLLAkTHpgX52SZNqGC}, 56139: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: waffle cone ironnWhisk the eggs, heavy cream and vanilla extract in a bowl until well combined, about 1 minute. In another bowl, sift the flour, sugar and salt. Stir the dry ingredients into the cream mixture until the batter is smooth.nHeat up a waffle iron and spray it with cooking spray. Pour 14 cup of the batter towards the back of the iron and close the lid. Bake until golden brown, 3 12 minutes, depending on waffle cone maker.nOpen the iron and carefully remove the browned batter with a small offset spatula. Mold as desired. After a few minutes, the waffle cupcone will take its shape. Allow to cool completely., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Cooking spray, to coat the waffle cone iron], title: Waffle Cones, picturelink: null}, 56140: {instructions: Preheat a nonstick griddle or a grill pan to high heat.nCube tuna into bite size pieces and place in a food processor. Pulse the processor to coarsegrind the tuna it should take on the consistency of ground beef or turkey. Transfer tuna to a bowl. Combine ground tuna with garlic, ginger, dark soy sauce, scallions, red bell pepper, sesame oil, seasoning blend and black pepper. Form 4 large patties, 1 12 inches thick. Drizzle patties on both sides with lightincolor oil, such as canola, safflower or peanut oil.nCook tuna burgers 3 minutes on each side for rare, up to 6 minutes each side for well done. Preheat broiler.nIn a medium nonstick skillet over high heat, saute fresh shiitakes for 2 or 3 minutes in 1 tablespoon light oil  1 turn of the pan in a slow stream. Season mushrooms with salt and pepper.nOpen up the rolls and lightly toast them under the broiler. Spread mango chutney on the bottom of each bun. Top with tuna burger, shiitakes, red leaf lettuce. Spread wasabi mustard or sweet hot mustard on bun tops and set them in place. Serve with exotic chips and pickled ginger, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh tuna steak, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 inches fresh ginger root, minced or grated, 3 tablespoons tamari dark soy sauce, 2 scallions, chopped, 12 small red bell pepper, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons sesame oil  eyeball the amount, 2 teaspoons grill seasoning blend recommened: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick or 1 teaspoon black pepper and 12 teaspoon coarse salt  eyeball it, 1 tablespoon lightincolor oil, such as canola, safflower or peanut oil, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, coarsely chopped, Coarse salt, 4 sesame kaiser rolls, split, 1 jar, 8 ounces, mango chutney, 4 leaves red leaf lettuce, 1 jar, 8 ounces, wasabi mustard recommended: Stonewall Kitchen brand  Asian sweethot mustard, available on the condiment aisle as well as in Asian foods section of larger markets, may be substituted, Exotic root vegetable chips recommended: Terra brand, to pass at table, optional, pickled ginger, optional plate garnish], title: Tuna Burgers with Ginger and Soy, picturelink: C2FWllY04WpBLdOZ23ACSHzUNkdNG3O}, 56141: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernFor the fritters: Place twothirds of the black eyed peas, 14 cup of water, the olive oil, salt and pepper in a food processor and blend to a smooth paste. Add the remaining peas and the scallions and pulse 4 or 5 times to break up the peas but not completely puree them. Scoop about a heaping tablespoon of the mixture at a time into your hands and form about 24 balls. The balls do not need to be perfectly roundthey are more authentic if roughly formed. Put the cornmeal in a shallow baking dish. Roll the balls in the cornmeal, leaving them in the baking dish, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nFor the sauce: Heat the peanut oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the habaneros and onions and cook until the onions are soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the tomatoes, salt and black pepper. When the tomatoes start to break down and get soft, put a lid on the pan, lower the heat and simmer for about 10 minutes. Let the sauce cool slightly, and then blend in a food processor until smooth.nPour 2 to 3 inches of peanut oil in a large heavybottomed pan or Dutch oven. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F. Fry the fritters, in 2 or 3 batches, about 4 minutes per batch. Remove to drain on a papertowellined baking sheet. Season lightly with salt and serve with the spicy tomato sauce on the side., ingredients: [Two 15.5ounce cans blackeyed peas, drained, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 scallions, green and white parts, sliced, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 12 habanero, roughly chopped seeds removed if you dont want it too spicy, 12 yellow onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 small tomatoes, roughly chopped about 1 12 cups, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Peanut oil, for frying, Kosher salt], title: BlackEyed Pea Fritters Accara, picturelink: null}, 56142: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMince garlic and mash with salt. In a small bowl stir together garlic paste, rosemary, pepper, and 2 tablespoons oil. Pat lamb chops dry. Reserve 1 tablespoon rosemary for sauce and rub remainder evenly onto chops. Lamb chops can be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Chill reserved rosemary, covered.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nQuarter shallots and tomatoes lengthwise and in a bowl toss with 2 tablespoons oil, thyme, minced garlic, sugar, and salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange tomatoes, cut sides up, in 1 layer in a shallow baking pan with shallots and roast in oven for 30 minutes. Halve and pit olives. While vegetables are roasting, in a 12inch ovenproof skillet, heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking, and sear chops until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side.nReduce temperature to 375 degrees F. Put chops in upper third of oven. Roast vegetables until tender and caramelized, about 20 minutes. Roast chops 10 to 15 minutes for medium rare.nTansfer chops to platter and let rest in a warm place. Add wine to skillet with reserved rosemary and boil, scraping up brown bits, 1 minute. Boil mixture until reduced to about 14 cup. Add broth and boil mixture until reduced to about 34 cup, about 5 minutes.nWhen chops are cooked, pour any meat juices from serving dish into skillet and bring jus to a boil. Cut butter into pieces and add it and the olives to jus. Swirl skillet to incorporate butter and boil until jus is slightly thickened. Season jus with salt and pepper and stir in parsley. Arrange chops on serving dish with tomatoes and shallots. Spoon sauce over all servings., ingredients: [4 garlic cloves, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 5 tablespoons olive oil, 4 1 14inchthick lamb chops 12 to 14 ounces each, frenched, if desired, 8 large shallots, 8 plum tomatoes, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon sugar, 12 cup drained Nicoise olives, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 to 3 tablespoons minced parsley], title: Roasted Lamb Chops with Shallots, Tomatoes, and Olive Jus, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 56143: {instructions: Whisk together the chopped jalapenos, mayonnaise and 1 teaspoon of reserved pickling liquid. Season with salt and set aside.nRinse the calamari under cold running water and lightly pat dry, leaving it slightly damp. Leave the tentacles whole and cut the bodies crosswise into 14inch wide rings.nHeat the oil in a heavy pot over high heat until it registers 375 degrees F on a thermometer.nPlace the panko in a shallow bowl and season with salt and pepper. Dredge a small handful of the squid rings in the panko, tossing to coat well. Shake off any excess and, with a slotted spoon, add the rings to the oil, using the spoon to separate the rings. Cook until golden, 1 to 2 minutes. Using the slotted spoon, transfer the rings to paper towels to drain. Season with salt and pepper. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Serve with the pickled jalapeno dipping sauce.nBYOC: Dont love the heat Try substituting your favorite pickled item for the jalapenos., ingredients: [14 cup chopped pickled jalapenos, liquid reserved, 12 cup mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound cleaned calamari, preferably small, 6 to 7 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs], title: Crispy Calamari with Pickled Jalapeno Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56144: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot salted water to a boil.nCut the stems off the spinach, and soak the leaves in the sink. Wash them thoroughly.nAdd the spinach to the boiling water and cook 1 minute. Remove spinach from the water and plunge in a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking.nDrain the spinach very well, and using a clean tea towel, squeeze out the extra water. Chop the leaves very fine.nPut the cooked spinach in a large bowl, add the ricotta, 3 tablespoons Parmesan, egg yolks, and season with a couple pinches salt and some freshly ground black pepper. Mix well, and make sure that the ricotta crumbles into fine pieces, and mixes properly with the spinach. Shape the mixture into balls about the size of walnuts.nLightly butter a 13 by 9inch casserole dish, lay all the gnocchi in it, and dress it with a few very thin slices butter and a sprinkling of Parmesan. Cook the gnocchi at 350 degrees F for about 20 minutes, and then use the broiler for the last 5 minutes to crisp and brown the top of the spinach balls.nIn a medium skillet, melt the remaining 1 12 tablespoons butter, and saute the sage until it starts to brown. Serve the gnocchi on a warm plate and dress with the sagebutter sauce, and garnish with freshly grated Parmesan., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh spinach about 3 bunches, 1 16ounce container ricotta cheese, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus more for serving, 2 egg yolks, lightly beaten, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the dish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 handfuls fresh sage], title: Spinach and Ricotta Gnocchi, picturelink: null}, 56145: {instructions: For the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a standard muffin pan or cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nMix the coffee extract into the brewed coffee. Set aside and allow to cool slightly.nIn a bowl of a stand mixer, sift together the flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt and mix to combine. Add the butter, vanilla and eggs and beat on medium speed until combined. Add half of the coffee and beat for 20 seconds. Scrape the sides of the bowl and add the remaining coffee. Beat for another 20 seconds until the batter is smooth.nDivide the batter among the cupcake liners, filling them threequarter full. Bake until a tester inserted into the centers comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Set the pan on a rack to cool.nFor the ganache: In a medium saucepan, bring the cream, corn syrup and granulated sugar to a boil over mediumlow heat, whisking until the sugar is dissolved. Remove the pan from the heat and add the chocolate, whisking until the chocolate is melted. Add the coffee extract and whisk until smooth. Add the butter and whisk until smooth. Transfer the ganache to a bowl to cool.nFor the salted caramel coffee frosting: If using the espresso powder, mix the espresso powder and the vanilla together in a small bowl until dissolved and set aside.nUsing a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, whip the butter on mediumhigh speed until creamy. Add the caramel and beat until combined. Reduce the speed to low, add half of the confectioners sugar and mix until incorporated. Add the rest of the confectioners sugar and mix until combined. Add the coffee extract and vanilla or the espresso powder and vanilla mixture and continue to mix at mediumhigh speed until completely incorporated, scraping the sides as necessary. Whip the frosting until fluffy. If necessary, use 1 to 2 tablespoons milk to loosen the frosting.nTo assemble: Cut a small and shallow hole in each cupcake and fill with the ganache. Frost the cupcakes with the salted caramel coffee frosting and sprinkle with a few granules of fleur de sel., ingredients: [2 tablespoons coffee extract or espresso powder, 12 cup hot brewed coffee, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons light corn syrup, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon coffee extract, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons coffee extract or espresso powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 13 cup prepared caramel sauce, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons milk, optional, Fleur de sel, for sprinkling], title: Salted Caramel Mocha Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 56146: {instructions: Combine the salt, garlic powder, cumin, black pepper and cayenne in a plastic gallon bag. Shake until the mixture is well combined. Pat the chicken dry and place in the bag with the spice mixture. Shake the bag, making sure the chicken is well coated. Heat the oil in a 12inch highsided skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the chicken and brown on all sides, about 6 minutes each side. Transfer the chicken to a plate, using tongs. Add the onions, green peppers, red peppers and 12 teaspoon salt to the skillet. Cook the vegetables over moderate heat, stirring, until softened and fragrant, about 7 minutes. Add the rice and garlic and cook until the rice begins to turn gold in color and fragrant, about 1 minute. Meanwhile, combine the stock, tomato sauce and remaining teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Add 1 14 cups water and the stock mixture to the skillet and stir to make sure the rice is covered in liquid. Nestle the chicken in the rice, adding any juices from the plate. Bring the rice to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cover. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, the rice is tender and most of the liquid is absorbed, about 35 minutes. Let the skillet stand covered, about 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon dried cumin, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, One 3 12to4pound chicken, cut into 8 serving pieces and skin removed, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 cups longgrain rice, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 1 12 cups lowsalt chicken stock, 12 cup tomato sauce], title: Arroz con Pollo, picturelink: CaNOkg.1GiVVoX0jPGqCcT9dwne79W2}, 56147: {instructions: Combine all the salad ingredients in a large bowl and dress salad with lemon juice, red wine vinegar, evoo, and a splash of the hot pepper juice, then season with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [5 cups cubed dayold crusty bread, see cooks note, 4 Roma or plum tomatoes, cubed, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 Cubanelle pepper or green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 cup pepperoncini or hot cherry peppers, chopped, 2 roasted red peppers, drained, chopped, 1 cup pitted olives, kalamata or Sicilian green or a combination, 1 tin flat fillets of anchovies, drained and chopped, 1 cup basil leaves, torn, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Splash of liquid from bottled pepperoncini or hot cherry peppers, Coarse salt and black pepper], title: Panzanella with The Works, picturelink: null}, 56148: {instructions: Heat a gas grill or prepare a charcoal grill with hot coals.nCombine the bread crumbs, garlic, olive oil, lemon juice, sundried tomatoes, basil, pine nuts, salt and pepper in a large serving bowl and set aside.nWhen the grill is hot, place the clams in 1 layer on the hot grate and allow the heat to open the clams. Theyll open gradually for about 5 minutes, then popopen wide when theyre done. Using tongs, remove the clams from the grill and place them in the bowl with the bread crumb mixture and toss together. Drizzle with the melted butter, and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 cups coarse bread crumbs, toasted, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 sundried tomato halves in oil, drained and coarsely chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 24 littleneck clams, scrubbed clean, 2 12 tablespoons melted butter], title: Grilled Clams with Basil Breadcrumbs, picturelink: null}, 56149: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine the sugar, lemon juice, corn syrup and water. Bring the pot to a medium high heat. While doing this be careful not to swish the pan around because it could cause the sugar to recrystallize. As the sugarwater mixture boils the water will eventually evaporate and the sugar will begin to turn brown or to caramelize. Pay close attention Things can take a terrible turn for the worse here and there will be no recovery. As the sugar begins to turn a shade of golden, then light brown and then a slight shade of darker brown, remove it from the heat and add the heavy cream. As you do this, it will bubble up like crazy. Be sure to have a pot large enough to accommodate the bubbling up. Getting this on you could cause a very severe burn. Whisk the sugarcream mixture until things settle down and add the butter 2 pats at a time, be sure the pats have completely incorporated before adding more butter.nLet cool and put into jars. Keep for about 10 daysnCall yourself a Superstar, ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 14 cup water, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 sticks butter, cut into pats], title: Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56150: {instructions: Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. Add bacon and cook until crispy, about 4 minutes per side. Once cool enough to handle, crumble or chop and set aside.nIn a large pot, prepare pasta al dente firm according to the instructions on the package. Drain well, return to the pot, and cover to keep warm.nWhile water comes to a boil and while pasta cooks, cut squash into pieces similar to the size of penne, about 2 inches long and 12 inch thick.nSpray a large skillet with a lid with nonstick spray, and bring to medium heat on the stove. Add squash, cover, and cook for 5 minutes, occasionally uncovering to stir.nAdd spinach and tomato to the skillet, recover, and continue to cook for about 1 minute. Remove cover and continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until spinach has wilted, tomatoes are soft, and excess liquid has cooked off, about 3 minutes. If needed, drain any excess liquid. Set aside.nPlace cheese wedges in a microwavesafe bowl and stir to break them up. Add sour cream and cheese slices, breaking cheese slices into pieces as you add them. Microwave for 30 seconds, and then stir thoroughly. Microwave for another 30 seconds, or until cheeses have fully melted. Mix until smooth.nAdd cheese mixture and cooked veggies to the pasta. Toss to coat. Top with bacon. If needed, bring to desired temperature on the stove. If you like, season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve it up, ingredients: [3 slices turkey bacon or centercut bacon, 4 12 ounces about 1 12 cups dry uncooked wholewheat or highfiber penne pasta, 2 large yellow summer squash, 3 cups chopped fresh spinach, 1 large tomato, seeded and chopped, 4 wedges light spreadable Swiss cheese recommended: The Laughing Cow Light, 2 tablespoons fatfree sour cream, 2 slices fatfree Cheddar cheese, Salt and black pepper, optional], title: BLTrific Mac n Cheese, picturelink: JGTGr6e.a6GE7Jmt8ERmXazjwEmOGyK}, 56151: {instructions: Cross cut the green part of the scallion 18inch thick and sweat in 1 teaspoon butter. Mix together with picked crabmeat. Set aside. Put shrimp in very cold bowl of food processor. Process on high speed for 1 minute. Add eggs and process on high speed until mixture is smooth and shiny approximately 2 minutes. Keep shrimp mixture in bowl and put into freezer to rechill. Return bowl to machine and slowly add heavy cream while machine is running. Scrape sides of bowl. Process one more time to make sure the cream is incorporated. Add mustard, hot pepper sauce, Worcestershire to the mousse, then fold into crabmeat and scallions.nTo Cook: Saute 12 cup portions in oil in a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Cook approximately 2 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 bunch scallions, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 pound jumbo lump crabmeat, 14 ounces large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 eggs, 1 pint heavy cream, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Galette de Crabe le BecFin, picturelink: null}, 56152: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the vinegar, lemon juice, parsley, oregano, and garlic in a blender and puree. With the motor running, add the olive oil, blending until the sauce comes together. Add the red pepper flakes, and salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace in an airtight container and refrigerate for up to 1 day.nServe at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 12 lemon, 34 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped, 13 cup olive oil, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes or more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chimichurri, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 56153: {instructions: Mix salt in water until dissolved. Heat the milk, cream and the seawater over low heat until the mixture boils. Add the lemon juice, stir a few times, and when mixture begins to curdle remove from the heat. Let curds rest for a minute or two. Skim the ricotta curds from the whey with a slotted spoon or skimmer and place them in a colander lined with cheesecloth, a wire sieve, or a plastic ricotta basket. Drain for 15 minutes. Serve warm, or at room temperature, with a drizzle of honey., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sea salt, 2 cups water filtered or bottled, if local water is too chlorinated, 2 quarts whole milk, 2 cups heavy cream, Juice of 2 lemons about 13 cup], title: Ricotta Pantesca, picturelink: null}, 56154: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a medium bowl, sieve together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer, fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter, peanut butter, 34 cup of the granulated sugar, and the light brown sugar together, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, until smooth, about 30 seconds. Add the egg and vanilla extract and mix until blended. With the machine running on low speed, gradually add the flour mixture until incorporated.nPut the remaining 14 cup granulated sugar in a small bowl. Form the dough into 14 cupsize balls and roll in the sugar. Arrange 5 balls of dough, evenly apart, on each baking sheet. Using a round 14 teaspoon measure, or the thin end of a wooden spoon, make a hole in the center of each ball of dough, 12 to 34inch deep. Spoon 1 teaspoon of jam into each hole. Bake until the dough has spread and the surface of the cookies are crackled, 11 to 14 minutes. Cool for 5 minutes and then transfer to a wire rack to cool completely, about 20 minutes. Arrange the cookies on a serving dish and serve., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Hersheys, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into 12inch pieces, 34 cup creamy peanut butter, at room temperature, 34 cup, plus 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 packed cup light brown sugar, 1 egg, room temperature, beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup blackberry jam], title: Peanut Butter Cookies with Blackberry Jam, picturelink: 0M2Id30yxKcQo9I3L63TsWriKA9by6W}, 56155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPat the meat dry and sprinkle with salt and pepper, then dredge in flour.nIn batches, brown the meat in the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large Dutch oven. Set the beef aside.nAdd the garlic, celery root and onions to the beef drippings and season with salt and pepper. Cook until softened, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the tomato paste and stir 1 minute, then add the stock, wine, Worcestershire, beef and herb bundle. Cover and cook in the oven until tender, up to 2 hours. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat in a 325 degree F oven until bubbly.nFor the celery gremolata: Combine the parsley, celery, anchovies and lemon juice, and dress with the EVOO. Loosely combine with pecorino cheese.nServe the potted beef in shallow bowls, with the celery gremolata on top. Serve mashed or boiled baby potatoes or crusty bread alongside., ingredients: [3 pounds beef chuck or other stew meat, cut into 2inch cubes, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 14 cup olive or vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 medium celery roots, peeled and cubed, 2 medium onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 cups beef stock, 1 12 cups dry red wine, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, Herb bundle fresh sage, bay and parsley, tied with kitchen string, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 4 ribs organic celery with leafy tops, chopped, 2 anchovy fillets, finely chopped, optional, 1 lemon, juiced, About 3 tablespoons EVOO, Shaved pecorino curls, Mashed or boiled baby potatoes, or crusty bread, for serving], title: Potted Beef and Celery Root with Celery Gremolata, picturelink: Y6EeIznqJ7sgzLMCEWifII1H3L0FU2}, 56156: {instructions: Mix 34 cup ketchup, 14 cup horseradish, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 1 teaspoon celery salt and 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Bloody Mary Ketchup, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 56157: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until they soften, about 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more.nPut half of the onion mixture into a food processor with the black beans, chipotle pepper, 2 tablespoons of the lime juice, cumin, water and salt. Puree until smooth. Set aside.nAdd the corn to the skillet with the remaining onion mixture and cook for about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cilantro leaves.nIn a small bowl mash the avocado with the remaining lime juice. In a medium bowl toss together the tomatoes, scallion and jalapeno, if using. Season tomato mixture with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpread the black bean dip into the bottom of an 8 by 8 glass baking or serving dish. Top with the corn mixture, spreading it out to form a single layer over the beans, repeat with the avocado, then the tomatoes. Top with cheese. Serve with baked chips., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 15.5ounce can black beans, preferably lowsodium, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon minced chipotle pepper in adobo, 4 tablespoons lime juice, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon water, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups corn kernels 10ounce box frozen corn, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 2 ripe avocados, 4 medium tomatoes, seeded and diced about 2 cups, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion, 1 tablespoon finely diced jalapeno pepper, optional, 34 cup shredded extrasharp Cheddar], title: Five Layer Mexican Dip, picturelink: 8NhvEAKgdJ0q1wCC6sSGf4VPkp4h61q}, 56158: {instructions: Put the water and broth, salt, rice and butter in the slow cooker. Cover and cook on HIGH until the rice is soft and soupy, about 6 hours.nWhen ready to serve, remove the lid and stir in the ginger and scallions. Portion the soup into bowls and top with the shredded chicken and cilantro. Serve with chili paste on the side if desired., ingredients: [6 cups water, 4 cups chicken broth, lowsodium canned, or homemade, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, About 4 cups shredded cooked chicken from 1 rotisserie chicken, 2 to 3 tablespoons grated peeled fresh ginger, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 medium bunch fresh cilantro, leaves torn or chopped, Asian chili paste, or sambal oelek, optional], title: Chinesestyle Rice Soup with Chicken and Ginger, picturelink: wLflojNFs6Em6Av58K.tno.8C6yIe8i}, 56159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pitcher, muddle the mint and sugar together to bruise the mint and release its flavor. Add in the crushed pineapple and its juice along with the rum. Top off the spritz with ginger ale, to taste. Stir and serve in glasses filled with ice., ingredients: [1 small bunch mint, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 20ounce can crushed pineapple, 1 cup dark rum, 12 to 1 cup ginger ale, Ice], title: Pineapple Spritz, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 56160: {instructions: Put a baking sheet on the bottom oven rack and preheat to 375 degrees F. Peel 4 pounds Yukon gold potatoes and cut into wedges. Toss with 12 cup olive oil, 6 chopped sage leaves, 2 sprigs sage, 2 teaspoons kosher salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Spread on the hot baking sheet and roast 30 minutes. Stir, then add 8 smashed garlic cloves continue roasting until golden, about 30 minutes. Increase the temperature to 400 degrees F and cook until crisp, 15 more minutes. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Crispy GarlicSage Potatoes, picturelink: lfIuLG8cO0QcoMl4q2r0VtIE8rOcHK}, 56161: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the ingredients in half, add each half to a cocktail shaker and shake to combine. Pour over rocks glasses filled with ice and serve., ingredients: [1 cup cucumber vodka, 1 cup tonic water, 12 cup cucumber juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water heated until sugar dissolves cool, Handful fresh mint leaves, Ice cubes, for serving], title: Cucumber Cocktail, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 56162: {instructions: Sift dry ingredients into a bowl. Add water and mix to a stiff dough. Knead the dough thoroughly on a lightly floured surface. Combine melted ghee and oil into a bowl. Form dough into 4 balls and roll out into 10inch circles. Brush all over with ghee and vegetable oil mixture and fold into a ball again. Cover and allow to stand for 20 minutes. Roll out again into 10inch circles. Heat a cast iron griddle until a drop of water will sputter when dropped on it. Cook for about 1 minute, turn, spread with ghee mixture, keep turning until baked. Remove from griddle and clap with both hands until pliable or burstup. Wrap in a towel to keep warm until all are cooked. Serve at once.nPut the butter in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Melt the butter, stirring from time to time, then increase the heat to bring the butter to a boil for about 1 to 1 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to low. Cook the butter for about 45 minutes or until golden and the milk solids in the bottom of the pan are brown. Rinse a piece of cheesecloth in hot water and wring dry. Fold into 4 layers and line a sieve. Carefully pour the butter through the cheesecloth. The sieved butter ghee can be stored in the refrigerator indefinitely or at room temperature for 2 to 3 months., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, Water, 14 cup ghee, recipe follows, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 pound unsalted butter], title: BussUpShut Burst Up Shirt, picturelink: null}, 56163: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Mix flour and nutmeg in medium bowl. Set aside. Beat butter, shortening, sugar and extracts in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy. Gradually stir in flour mixture until well mixed. Dough should be slightly moist. If dough looks dry, sprinkle with water and work into dough. If dough is sticky, sprinkle with additional flour.n2. Spoon dough by teaspoons and shape into balls. Place on ungreased baking sheets. Gently flatten each ball with palm of hand. Press a cherry piece in the center of each cookie.n3. Bake 20 minutes or until golden. Cool on baking sheets 1 minute. Remove to wire racks cool completely., ingredients: [2 14 cups flour, 14 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Nutmeg, Ground, 34 cup 1 12 sticks butter, softened, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon McCormicku00ae Pure Vanilla Extract, 5 maraschino cherries, each cut into 8 pieces, 1 12 teaspoons McCormicku00ae Pure Almond Extract], title: Almond Shortbread Cookies Mantecaditos, picturelink: ij0BIuyeFP6VF5fSzwqaeDOFQIDhX.}, 56164: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 small balloons and parchment papernCut out eight 8inch circles of parchment paper. Line a baking sheet with the circles. Blow up 8 small balloons.nBring a few inches of water to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Place the chocolate in a heatsafe bowl over the simmering water and stir until the chocolate is melted. Remove the bowl from the heat and let the chocolate cool slightly. Dip a balloon into the chocolate so it covers the bottom and reaches 1 12 to 2 inches up the sides. Immediately place the balloon chocolateside down onto one of the parchment circles. Repeat with the remaining balloons and chocolate. Let cool completely to set up, at least 1 hour. Pop the balloons with a pin and gently peel away any balloon pieces that adhere to the chocolate.nFill the chocolate bowls with the Coconut Easter Grass and decorate with Easter egg candies.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Place a mesh rack on top, if available.nPut the coconut in a shallow bowl. While tossing with a large spoon, add the green and yellow food coloring drop by drop until the desired color is reached. A little more green than yellow makes a pretty grass color. Add a few tablespoons water to moisten the mixture and help disperse the color evenly. If the color is too dark, add additional water, as needed, to dilute to the desired color. Drain the coconut in a sieve or strainer.nSpread the coconut in an even layer on the rack, or directly on the lined baking sheet. Place in the oven until dry, 10 to 15 minutes. The coconut grass can be kept in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days.nNote: Food coloring can be messy and stain your skin. To prevent this, wear latex gloves. You can also tint the coconut in a large resealable plastic bag, shaking it to color the coconut evenly., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, Coconut Easter Grass, recipe follows, Easter egg candies, for decorating, 2 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 1 to 2 teaspoons liquid green food coloring, 12 to 1 teaspoon liquid yellow food coloring], title: Chocolate Easter Bowls, picturelink: Z1wa94iFzexT.dHQ5C7z5tUgD8DdzoO}, 56165: {instructions: For the jalapeno simple syrup: Add the sugar, jalapeno and 1 cup water to a saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. When the sugar is dissolved, remove from the heat and let cool for 1 hour. Remove the jalapeno before using.nFor the mojitos: Divide the mint leaves between two pitchers, and muddle. Squeeze the juice of 1 lime into each pitcher, then add the simple syrup, evenly divided. Fill the pitchers with ice and top off with club soda. Add the rum to one of the pitchers. Stir and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 jalapeno, halved and seeded, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 2 limes, halved, Club soda, for topping, 9 ounces clear rum], title: Spicy Mojitos, picturelink: rrUSB9rLnTXlHECvM2.sINOs8vkOFy}, 56166: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line cupcake pans with 14 or 15 paper liners.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter, granulated sugar, and brown sugar on mediumhigh speed for 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Scrape down the bowl. Lower the speed to medium, add the eggs one at a time, then add the vanilla and mix well. In a separate bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, sour cream, and coffee. In a third bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low, add the buttermilk and flour mixtures alternately in thirds, beginning with the buttermilk and ending with the flour. Dont overmix Fold the batter a few times with a rubber spatula to be sure its mixed.nScoop the batter into the cupcake liners. I use a 2inch ice cream scoop. Bake in the center of the oven for 20 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes, remove from the pans, and allow to cool completely before frosting.nCoconut Frosting:nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the evaporated milk, brown sugar, and egg yolks and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, for about 15 minutes, until slightly thickened. If the mixture looks a bit curdled, beat it vigorously with a whisk. Off the heat, stir in the vanilla extract, almond extract, coconut, almonds, pecans, and salt. Allow to cool for about an hour. Frost the cupcakes with a knife or small metal spatula., ingredients: [1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 2 cups sweetened flaked coconut, 1 cup blanched sliced almonds, toasted, 1 cup chopped pecans, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 23 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk, shaken, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons freshly brewed coffee, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 14 cups light brown sugar, lightly packed, 4 extralarge egg yolks], title: German Chocolate Cupcakes, picturelink: tIMSGgoAj7Vem6F.0.clWd990mrXSyS}, 56167: {instructions: For the truffles: Combine the chocolate, cream and butter in a small heatproof bowl set over simmering water and let melt. When almost melted, remove from heat and stir the mixture until smooth. Stir in your flavoring of choice and refrigerate until thick enough to mound on a spoon, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes.nLine a baking tray with waxed or parchment paper. Scrape the chocolate mixture into a pastry bag fitted with a 3 plain tip. Pipe 8 1inch mounds onto the prepared tray. Place 1 raspberry in the center of each chocolate mound and pipe a little more of the chocolate mixture to enclose completely. Refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes.nFor the cake: Position the rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter or coat with vegetable spray, 8 oversize muffin cups 4inches wide and 2inches deep or 1 14cup custard cups. Line bottoms with rounds of waxed paper.nIn the top of a double boiler or a small heatproof bowl set over simmering water, melt together the chocolate and butter, cool slightly.nMeanwhile in the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle or beaters, beat the eggs, egg yolks and sugar on high speed until tripled in volume, about 5 minutes. Scrape in the chocolate mixture and, on low speed, beat until just combined. Remove the bowl from the mixer and fold in the flour, using a rubber spatula. Spoon a little of the batter into each of the prepared cups, top with 1 truffle, and cover with the remaining batter. Arrange the cups on a baking tray and bake until the edges of the cakes begin to pull away from the sides of the cups, 12 to 13 minutes.nLet stand 10 minutes. Invert onto individual dessert plates and carefully peel off the paper. Serve warm. Spoon softly whipped cream or ice cream next to each cake and, if desired, garnish with a few fresh raspberries. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 3 tablespoons, heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flavoring of your choice orange, almond, or raspberry liqueur, etc., 8 fresh perfect raspberries, optional, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, 5 ounces unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 eggs, at room temperature, 3 egg yolks, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, Whipped Cream, optional, Ice Cream, optional], title: Chocolate Truffle Cake, picturelink: null}, 56168: {instructions: In a small skillet heat butter until golden. Add apples, sugar and spices, 2 tablespoons or so rum or water cover and simmer for 10 minutes or until tender. Uncover and cook until liquid has been absorbed and apples begin to saute again in butter. Remove from heat and cool slightly. To assemble: add half of cookie crumbs in the bottom of a ramekin or dessert bowl or heatproof glass, top with some apples and ice cream, build up another layer or so and garnish with chopped nuts., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 Golden Delicious or Granny Smith Apples, peeled, cored and coarsely chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons brown sugar, Pinch ground cinnamon or allspice, 1 to 2 tablespoons Rum or water, 8 buttery cookies like shortbread, ginger cookies or any cookie which goes well with apple, crumbled, Vanilla or Butter Pecan ice cream, Chopped walnuts or pecans for garnish, optional], title: Hot Topping for Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 56169: {instructions: Up to 3 days ahead, prepare bleu cheese tortas.nPreheat an oven to 350 degrees.nRemove puff pastry from package and cut in 12 crosswise. Working with 12 at a time refrigerate other 12 until ready to use, slightly roll out pastry on a lightly floured board just until about 18inch thick. Scatter half the bleu cheese over the top of the pastry and sprinkle surface with pepper, to taste. Drape a piece of plastic wrap over the pastry, then gently roll over plastic wrap with rolling pin to press cheese into pastry cheese will not cover entire surface just be sure it is evenly distributed.nRemove plastic wrap, cut pastry into 1inch squares or diamonds with a sharp knife and transfer to ungreased baking sheets, placing about 12inch apart. Bake until puffed and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to racks to cool, then continue with remaining pastry, cheese, and pepper. To serve, offer bleu cheese tortas, apricots, and olives in separate containers. Offer sherry to sip alongside, if desired.nThe day of the tapas party, cut apricots in half and discard the pits if using fresh figs, cut figs in half lengthwise. Cut ham slices in half lengthwise. Wrap each apricot half with a piece of ham, winding the meat around the fruit and pressing the ends together so it holds if desired, secure with a toothpick. You will have 2 dozen wrapped apricots. Transfer apricots and olives to airtight portable containers and refrigerate until ready to transport., ingredients: [1 pound frozen puff pastry, thawed according to package directions, Flour, for dusting board, 12 pound crumbled bleu cheese, Freshly ground pepper, 12 ripe apricots if apricots are out of season, use fresh figs, 12 paperthin slices Serrano ham or prosciutto, 12 pound mixed gourmet olives, including drycured Moroccan olives], title: Tapas on the Trail, picturelink: null}, 56170: {instructions: Special equipment: Popsicle sticks ToothpicksnBring a medium pot of water to a boil. Spray a cookie sheet with cooking spray. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the sugar, 12 cup water and corn syrup to a boil. Cook to 250 degrees F, or until the syrup spins a thread when poured from the edge of a cooking spoon. Pour in the candy pieces and continue cooking to 285 degrees F. Remove from the heat and add the food coloring to achieve the desired shade of red.nPut the chopped nuts, coconut and candies in shallow bowls. Set aside. Wash the apples thoroughly. Remove the stems from the apples and insert a popsicle stick into the center of the bottom of each apple.nDip the apples quickly in the candy mixture, twisting as you dip to cover the entire apple. Roll the apples in the assorted toppings, coating the bottom half of each apple. Place on the greased cookie sheet and allow the coating to cool and harden. Remove the popsicle sticks and use an apple slicer or a sharp serrated knife to cut the apples into slices. Place a toothpick in each slice., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, One 2ounce box cinnamon candy, Few drops of red food coloring, Chopped peanuts, Shredded coconut, Assorted candies, 2 firm apples, such as Jonathan or Fuji, 2 firm Granny Smith Apples], title: Red Candy Apple Slices, picturelink: null}, 56171: {instructions: Special equipment: a muddler or a spoonnCombine the sugar with 1 cup water in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat, stirring until the sugar has dissolved. Turn off the heat and add the mint leaves. Muddle with a muddler or the back of a spoon. Allow to cool completely, about 20 minutes. Strain and discard the mint leaves.nAdd the lime juice and 4 cups water to a large pitcher. Pour the simple syrup into the limeade. Stir to combine.nTo serve, pour the limeade into glasses filled with ice. Top with some sparkling water. Garnish each with a lime round and mint sprig., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, plus 4 mint sprigs, for serving, 2 cups storebought pure or freshly squeezed lime juice, Sparkling water, for serving, Lime rounds, for serving], title: Limeade and Mint Soda, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 56172: {instructions: Preheat the oven or smoker to 225 degrees F.nScore the fat cap of the butt, cutting through the fat only and not into the meat. Rub liberally with the seasoning rub. Cook the meat about 8 to 10 hours or until the internal temperature, using an instantread thermometer, reaches 165 degrees F for slicing or 175 degrees F for pulling.nIf you wish to use the meat later, wrap the butt in double foil to retain the juices and refrigerate or freeze. If you are using the meat immediately, remove the bone by twisting it, it should easily come out. Then slice it or use 2 forks to shred the meat apart.nTo serve, use a 4ounce portion of meat on a bun and top with BBQ sauce. For North Carolina style add 2 tablespoons of coleslaw.nSavor and enjoy, ingredients: [1 5 to 7pound Boston pork butt, bone in, 34 cup seasoning rub recommended: Butchs Smack Your Lips Magic Dust], title: Pulled Pork, picturelink: Yb0eEqXM0DugWVoHen38EIgW4oPnmIu}, 56173: {instructions: Stem and slice or coarsely chop the mushroom blend. Heat the extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms to the pan and brown 10 minutes, then add in the garlic, thyme, and sage, stir 2 to 3 minutes, then add the kale and cook until just wilted. Season with salt, pepper, and a few grates of nutmeg. Stir a few minutes more, then add in the Marsala and reduce the liquid by half, another minute or 2. Add the cream to the mushrooms in the pan and reduce heat, let the flavors combine a few minutes and cream thickens. Serve the mushroom dish garnished with a few grates of cheese., ingredients: [1 14 pounds mixed mushrooms, wiped clean recommended: shiitake, porcini, cremini, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced or finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons very thinly sliced fresh sage leaves, 1 bundle black kale, lacinato or dinosaur kale, washed, stripped and shredded or chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, About 12 cup Marsala wine, About 12 to 23 cup cream, Freshly grated pecorino cheese], title: Creamy Mushrooms and Kale, picturelink: null}, 56174: {instructions: Place veal in salted water. Bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. When the outside surface of the meat is sealed, remove. In a small rondeau sweat the vegetables, with the thyme, bay leaf, until the onions are clear but without browning. Add the white wine and reduce by 12. Add the veal with just enough chicken stock to cover the meat. Bring up to a simmer, cover, and place in a preheated 325 degree oven until tender, about 1 to 2 hours. After braising, remove the rolls and allow too fully cool. Next, slice the rolls into hockey puck sized pieces. Bread only 1 side of the veal piece, first place into the flour, then the beaten eggs, and finally the panko bread crumbs. Be sure to bread only one side. Next heat oil in a saute pan until hot, place pieces into the oil, bread crumb side down, and cook until golden brown.nFor the sauce: Sweat the leek and potatoes until the leeks are tender but no brown color. Add the braising liquid and reduce by 13. Add the cream and reduce an additional 14. Blend the sauce and finish with tarragon and tomatoes., ingredients: [2 pounds veal shoulder, trimmed, rolled, and tied into 2 rolls about 2 inches diameter, 2 medium onions, chopped, 3 ribs, celery chopped, 1 parsnip, chopped, 3 thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 14 bottle white wine, Chicken stock, 12 cup flour, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups panko bread crumbs, 1 leek, washed and chopped, 1 potato, peeled and chopped, 12 gallon veal braising liquid, strained and reduced, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 lemon, zested, 2 sprigs fresh tarragon, picked and finely chopped, 12 cup chopped tomatoes], title: Braised Veal Shoulder with Wilted Arugula, picturelink: null}, 56175: {instructions: Special equipment: 8inch round metal cake pan preferably 2 to 3 inches deepnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour 34 cups of sugar into round metal flan mold. Place over medium heat and carefully move the pan frequently, without stirring, until it takes on an amber hue. Off heat, swirl the caramel so that the bottom and sides are lightly covered. The caramel will be very hot. Set aside to cool.nAdd the remaining 12 cup of sugar, almond milk, orange juice, sliced almonds, egg yolks, eggs, vanilla, salt, and zest to a blender and mix on lowest setting until blended.nCarefully pour the custard into prepared mold and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Place the prepared mold in a larger roasting pan. Pour enough hot water into the pan so that it comes halfway up the sides of the mold. Place the pan in the oven and bake for 60 to 75 minutes until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean though it may still appear wobbly.nAllow to cool completely inside the water bath then refrigerate covered at least 4 hours or overnight.nTo unmold the flan, run a thin knife along the side of mold. Gently shake to loosen. Invert a large plate over the flan and quickly invert the mold in one motion. The flan will gently drop onto the plate and the caramel will flow out so allow extra space around the flan., ingredients: [1 14 cups of sugar, divided, 1 12 cups unsweetened plain almond milk, 12 cup orange juice, 12 cup sliced raw almonds, 4 large egg yolks, 2 large whole eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest from 1 large orange], title: AlmondOrange Flan for Passover, picturelink: mLjOnv4.0pmgNlbkszhnGO.CYs3vqaO}, 56176: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl combine cumin, coriander, paprika, cayenne pepper, garlic, salt, pepper and lemon juice. Whisk well. Add olive oil slowly. Add parsley and cilantro. Reserve 14 of charmoula. Add peppers, lemon, tomatoes and olives to remaining charmoula to make a relish. Place swordfish on sheet pan. Rub with salt, pepper and reserved charmoula. Grill swordfish on medium heat until just cooked through. Remove fish from heat and arrange on platter. Top with charmoula relish., ingredients: [4 teaspoons cumin seed, toasted and ground, 2 teaspoons coriander seed, toasted and ground, 2 tablespoons paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced and Sauteed briefly, 1 teaspoons kosher salt, 13 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces fresh lemon juice, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons about 14 bunch chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons about 14 bunch chopped cilantro, 1 grilled red bell pepper, julienne, 1 preserved lemon, pulp removed, fine julienne, 12 cup small cherry tomatoes, halved, 8 oilcured olives, pitted and halved, 8 swordfish steaks], title: Grilled Swordfish with Moroccan Charmoula, picturelink: xlAguHhs3AoiqpaiQeIjYOKphvMxm6}, 56177: {instructions: Over medium heat, heat oil in a saucepan until hot. Add all ingredients, cover and bring to a boil. Uncover, lower heat and allow to simmer for 30 minutes.nPizza Toppings for Red Sauce: Shredded mozzarella Fresh basil Turkey sausage, cooked., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 1 28ounce can tomato puree, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1 teaspoon dried basil, Salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste], title: Pizza Sauce, picturelink: vTroKzFiTesIeJXF1dEb5M1E9sIryYe}, 56178: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nPreheat grill.nHeat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat, add the shallots and garlic, and season. Saute until the vegetables are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the harissa and stir. Cook for 35 minutes. Add the tomatoes and 4 tablespoons of the spice blend, or to taste.nToast the above in a preheated 350 degree oven for five minutes or on the stove over medium heat. Grind the mixture in a spice or coffee grinder.nCoat the salmon.nFinish the Sauce:nWorking in batches, puree the mixture in a food processor, until the liquid is smooth. Set aside until ready to use. Makes enough for at least twelve fillets.nHeat saute pan, add stock and lentils and simmer until liquid almost evaporates. Stir in butter, season and serve.nBring two saute pans to high heat, add the olive oil, and when hot, add salmon fillets, skinside down do not crowd pan. Shake pans to be sure the fillets are not sticking. Add the butter little bits at a time, shaking the pan to incorporate the butter into the oil. Place pan in oven for 45 minutes to roast.nMake the tzatziki: 32 ounces yogurt 2 English cucumbers, peeled, seeded and diced 4 cloves of garlic, minced 2 tablespoons fresh dill, chopped 1 tablespoon fresh mint, chopped 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 1 12 tablespoons fresh lemon juice Salt and pepper to tastenPlace yogurt in cheese cloth, tie the end closed with kitchen string and hang it on a rack, above a bowl, in the refrigerator. Allow to drain for two hours or overnight. Discard the liquid in the bowl, and blend the yogurt with the remaining ingredients.nCombine oil, garlic and salt. Using a pastry brush, coat the bread lightly with the oil and place on grill. Cook to mark bread, turn to mark other side and serve.nTo serve:nMound lentils in center of plate. Place salmon fillet on top, skin side up. Surround with sauce. Present with side dishes of tzatziki and nan bread., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 1 cups shallots, peeled and chopped, 14 cup garlic, peeled and chopped, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon harissa, 2 beefsteak tomatoes or 6 plum, chopped, 12 cup coriander seeds, 14 cup cumin seed, 12 cup fennel seed, 2 tablespoons cloves, 14 cup cardamom, 5 cups blanched lentils, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper, Six 7ounce skinon boneless fillets, Salt, Spice blend for seasoning, Butter 12 teaspoon per fillet and olive oil for sauteing, 12 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Salt, 6 pieces nan bread or other Mediterranean flat bread], title: Crisp Atlantic Salmon on Lentils with Moroccan Spiced Tomato Sauce with Harissa, Served with Tzatziki and Grilled Nan Bread, picturelink: null}, 56179: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to high.nIn a large bowl, mix together the breadcrumbs, milk and 1 tablespoon Marsala. Leave to soak for 5 minutes. Add the chicken, pecorino, egg, parsley, 12 teaspoon of the salt and the pepper. With your hands, gently mix together the ingredients until just combined. Form the mixture into tablespoonsize balls and place on an oiled baking sheet. Broil for 5 minutes, or until the meatballs are beginning to brown and are just barely cooked through. Remove from the oven and set aside.nIn a straightsided skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the mushrooms are brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add the shallots and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt and cook for another 2 minutes. Lower the heat to medium and stir in the flour and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the 13 cup Marsala and stir until the mixture is smooth. Whisk in the chicken broth and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the meatballs to the sauce and simmer for an additional 5 minutes to let the flavors blend. Serve hot, garnished with grated pecorino., ingredients: [14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons milk, room temperature, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon Marsala wine, 1 pound ground white meat chicken, 14 cup grated pecorino, plus extra for serving, 1 large egg, beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 large shallot, minced, 1 12 teaspoons flour, 1 14 cups lowsodium chicken broth], title: Chicken Marsala Meatballs, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 56180: {instructions: Prepare croutons: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a mediumsize bowl, toss bread cubes with remaining crouton ingredients. On a parchmentlined baking sheet, toast croutons until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes.nPrepare Salad: In a large wooden bowl, using a wooden spoon, mash halved garlic cloves to a fine paste. Stir in egg yolks and Dijon mustard. Add anchovies, and grind to a paste. Add lemon juice, and season with salt and pepper. Slowly stir in olive oil until dressing is creamy.nAdd lettuce to bowl, and toss to coat leaves thoroughly with dressing and grated Parmesan. Sprinkle croutons over salad, and serve topped with Parmesan shavings., ingredients: [6 1inch slices ciabatta or another crusty white bread, cut into 34inch cubes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon fresh flatleaf parsley, minced, Coarse salt, 2 cloves garlic, halved, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 4 to 5 anchovies, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 heads romaine lettuce, washed and dried thoroughly, torn into 2inch pieces, Grated Parmesan, plus Parmesan shavings for garnish], title: Caesar Salad 101, picturelink: null}, 56181: {instructions: Pat the turkey cutlets dry and spread seasoned flour on a plate.nIn a small shallow bowl, beat eggs lightly and in another small shallow bowl stir together bread crumbs and Parmesan.nDredge cutlets in flour, shaking off excess, and dip in egg, letting excess drip off. Coat cutlets with bread crumb mixture and put on a waxedpaperlined tray. Chill cutlets 15 minutes.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Saute cutlets 1 12 to 2 minutes on each side, or until golden and just cooked through. Remove the skillet from heat.nTransfer cutlets with a slotted spatula to paper towels to drain briefly and arrange on plates. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 12 pounds turkey cutlets about 14inch thick, Allpurpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper, for dredging, 4 large eggs, 1 12 cups fine fresh bread crumbs, 1 12 cups finely shredded Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil], title: Turkey Cutlets Milanese, picturelink: null}, 56182: {instructions: Combine the rice and chicken broth in a pot over medium heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and cook until the rice is tender and has absorbed all of the liquid, about 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the orange juice, lime juice, oil, 2 tablespoons of the cilantro, the garlic, and sugar season with salt and pepper. Add the tilapia fillets to the marinade, turning to coat. Marinate in the refrigerator for 20 minutes, turning occasionally.nStir together the cooked rice, salsa, beans, pineapple, and remaining 2 tablespoons of the cilantro in a 2 or 3quart baking dish. Remove the tilapia from the marinade, reserve the marinade, and lay the fish fillets over the rice mixture, overlapping if necessary. Pour the reserved marinade over the fish. Shingle the lime slices over the fish. Bake until the fish flakes easily, is opaque, and cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. Garnish with chopped cilantro before serving., ingredients: [1 cup longgrain white rice, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 5 to 7ounce tilapia fillets, rinsed and patted dry, 2 cups jarred or homemade tomato salsa, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 cups diced fresh pineapple, 2 limes, thinly sliced], title: Baked Costa RicanStyle Tilapia with Pineapples, Black Beans and Rice, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 56183: {instructions: For the whoopie pies: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 12by18inch rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper and spray lightly with nonstick cooking spray.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the cake mix, eggs, 1 cup water, vegetable oil, vanilla and salt. Beat on low speed for 30 seconds, then on medium speed for 2 minutes, scraping down the bowl with a spatula occasionally. Pour the batter onto the prepared baking sheet and spread it out evenly with a spatula.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Cut out an equal number of heart shapes with a cookie cutter and set aside while you make the filling.nFor the filling: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese on medium speed until soft, about 1 minute. Add the chocolate, milk and vanilla, and beat to incorporate. Reduce the speed to low and add the powdered sugar and salt. Once the sugar is incorporated, increase the speed to medium and beat until the filling is fluffy, about another minute.nTo assemble the whoopie pies, use a small spatula or spoon to gently spread a generous tablespoon of the filling over the surface of one of the hearts. Top with another heart and gently press down to sandwich. Repeat with the remaining hearts. Dust lightly with powdered sugar, and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, One 18.25ounce box red velvet cake mix, 3 eggs, room temperature, 13 cup vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 8 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 14 cup milk, room temperature, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup powdered sugar, plus 2 tablespoons for dusting, 14 teaspoon fine salt], title: Red Velvet Whoopie Pies with Chocolate Cream Cheese Filling, picturelink: a0NMy4LDGTG6IVg4dLbss2Z9HgjsIGW}, 56184: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a whisk, combine the flour, cornmeal, sugar and baking powder in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, combine the buttermilk, pickled jalapeno juice, pickled and fresh jalapenos, eggs and butter. With a wooden spoon, stir the wet ingredients into the dry until most of the lumps are dissolved. Dont over mix Fold in the grated Cheddar. Line two 2 dozen minicupcake pans with the edible soy paper wrappers or use paper wrappers. No need to spray the pans.nFill the prepared pans with the batter threequarters of the way full using a small ice cream scoop. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, about 9 minutes. Remove the cupcakes from the pans when cool to the touch.nHeat the jalapeno jelly in small pot until melted. Using a pastry brush, glaze the cupcakes with the jalapeno jelly, making sure not to glaze the wrappers. Set aside until assembly.nFor the mousse: In large bowl, beat the cold cream cheese using a hand mixer until smooth. Add the tomato paste, shrimp paste, jalapeno sauce and black pepper to taste. Mix until thoroughly incorporated. Taste and adjust the seasoning. No need to add salt Shrimp paste is salty enough. Place in a pastry bag fitted with a small star tip and chill in the refrigerator until ready for assembly.nFor the tuiles: Heat a large nonstick saute pan sprayed with a thin layer of oil spray on medium heat. With your fingers, lay out in a single layer 1inch diameter circles about 1 tablespoon of the Parmesan. Heat until they bubble and are golden yellow around the edges. Carefully lift out of the pan with a spatula, set off to a silicone baking mat and reserve until ready to garnish.nFor the candied jalapeno: Combine 3 cups of the sugar and 12 cup water in a saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil and cook until the temperature reaches 230 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 3 minutes. Wearing gloves, cut the jalapenos lengthwise into 14inch strips. Place in a medium pot and cover with 4 cups cold water. Heat on high until the water comes to a boil. Allow to boil until the peppers are vibrant green, about 3 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer to the sugar syrup. Simmer until the jalapenos are tender to the bite, blistered and emerald green, about 15 minutes. Remove from the syrup. Cover a baking sheet with the remaining 3 cups sugar and roll the jalapenos until covered in sugar. Allow to dry in the sugar until hard. Set aside for assembly.nFor the shrimp: Thaw, rinse, drain and pat the shrimp dry. Heat a large nonstick saute pan sprayed lightly with oil spray. Add the jalapeno jelly and heat until liquid. Add the shrimp and toss until warmed through and thoroughly glazed. Set aside to cool or they will melt the savory cream cheese mousse. Reserve for assembly.nTo assemble: Pipe the glazed cupcakes with cream cheese tomato shrimp mousse. Top with a cheese tuile, sauteed glazed shrimp and finish with a candied jalapeno. Serve on a small clear plastic plate., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 cups buttermilk, 12 cup pickled jalapeno pepper juice, 4 tablespoons minced pickled jalapeno peppers, 2 tablespoons seeded and minced fresh jalapeno peppers, 3 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup grated extrasharp Cheddar, 24 sheets red colored soy paper, cut to desired width and size, 1 jar at least 6 ounces jalapeno jelly, favorite brand, 12 ounces cream cheese, cold, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon shrimp paste, 1 tablespoon hot jalapeno sauce, Freshly ground pepper, Nonstick oil spray, One 6ounce bag shredded Parmesan, 6 cups sugar, 3 jalapeno peppers, 48 small shrimp, peeled, deveined and precooked, Nonstick oil spray, 3 tablespoons jalapeno jelly], title: Jalapeno Shrimp Popper Cupcakes, picturelink: zC09g99iCxievmMjRWTUrs.ZxVBwdO}, 56185: {instructions: In an electric mixer, with the paddle attachment, cream together butter and sugar until light, Add egg whites, extract and zest and beat until blended well. Combine dry ingredients and add to the mixing bowl on low speed. Mix until almost blended. Remove bowl from mixer and stir gently to finish blending. With a 2 fluid ounce scoop 14 cup, scoop the dough onto a parchmentlined cookie sheet and flatten slightly with damp fingers. Sprinkle tops of cookies with a generous amount of granulated sugar. Bake 18 to19 minutes, until just beginning to brown around the edges. Let cool on cookie sheet 5 minutes, then remove cookies to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [5 ounces butter 1 14 sticks, 3 cups sugar, 1 cup egg whites approimately 6 to 7 large eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 2 large lemons, zested, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 8 ounces yellow cornmeal 12 pound, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, Sugar, for sprinkling], title: LemonCornmeal Cookies, picturelink: null}, 56186: {instructions: Preheat a medium to large skillet over mediumhigh heat, for about 1 minute or until the surface of the pan is hot. Add the oil and heat until rippling on the surface. Pat the chicken breast dry and season with salt and pepper. Place the chicken in the pan and cook until the meat is golden, about 4 minutes. Turn the chicken breasts, lower the heat to medium and add 1 tablespoon of the butter. Cook until firm to the touch or an instantread thermometer registers 160 degrees F, about 4 to 6 minutes more. Transfer the chicken to a plate to rest.nPour off any fat remaining in the skillet. Add the vinegar and deglaze over mediumhigh heat, scraping up any browned bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the cider and the broth. Bring to a boil and cook until it thickens to form a sauce, about 6 minutes. Whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, lemon juice and thyme leaves. Return the chicken to the pan, adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, and serve.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 1 pound, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 34 cup apple cider, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves], title: Chicken with Apple Cider Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56187: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat.nWhisk the eggs with the sugar in a bowl. Add the almond paste, vanilla and salt. Fold in the egg whites and the melted butter. Fold in the flour. Spread on baking sheet and bake for 7 minutes.nWhisk the wine, egg yolks, and sugar in a bowl, and set over a saucepan with gently simmering water. Whisk until the mixture starts to thicken, and then add the bloomed gelatin. Add the gingerbread spice and zest and the melted nougat and chocolate. Add the rum and let cool.nWhen the mixture is cool, fold in the whipped cream and fill mousse in pastry domes, covering the bottom of the dome with a layer of biscuit.nHeat the pear juice, honey, red wine, star anise, cloves, and cinnamon in a saucepan over low heat. Add the pears and poach them in the liquid until tender. Transfer the pears to a board and cut them into slices that can be fanned.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nStir together the flour, baking powder, ginger, nutmeg, cloves, and cinnamon in a bowl. In another bowl, beat the shortening, molasses, sugar, water, egg, and vanilla until smooth. Gradually stir in the dry ingredients, wrap the dough in plastic, and chill in the refrigerator.nDrop balls of dough on a cookie sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [7 ounces eggs, 1 ounce sugar, 10 ounces almond paste, 1 teaspoon vanilla, Pinch salt, 4 ounces egg whites, whipped, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Scant 12 cup 2 ounces flour, 3 tablespoons white wine, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 sheets gelatin, bloomed in water, 1 tablespoon gingerbread spice, Zest of 1 orange, 2 ounces white nougat, melted, 2 ounces white chocolate, melted, 1 tablespoon rum, 1 cup whipped cream, 2 pears, peeled, halved, and cored, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons pear juice, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons red wine, 1 star anise, 2 cloves, 12 stick cinnamon, 6 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup shortening, melted and slightly cooled, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup turbinado sugar, 12 cup water, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Gingerbread Mousse with Red Wine, Glazed Baby Pear, and Warm Gingerbread Cookies, picturelink: null}, 56188: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan over medium heat combine sugar and water. Stir to dissolve sugar. Add rhubarb and allow to simmer for 15 minutes or until tender. Add strawberries and lemon juice and simmer for 10 minutes more. Allow mixture to cool for about 10 minutes.nIn batches, if necessary, puree mixture in blender. Add water if mixture appears too thick. Drizzle over yogurt or ice cream or serve with crumpets and sweetened whipped cream., ingredients: [13 to 12 cup sugar, depending on desired tartness, 13 cup water, 1 pound rhubarb stalks, cleaned and diced, 1 quart strawberries, cleaned, hulled and halved, 12 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Strawberry Rhubarb Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56189: {instructions: Put the clams in a bowl under cold running water. Let the water run over them while you continue.nTrim the green tops from the onion bulbs and thinly slice enough to fill 14 cup, and reserve. Peel the bulbs like you would an onion, leaving some of the root. Halve only the largest bulbs, if any. Scrub the clams.nHeat the butter in a large skillet with a lid over mediumhigh heat until the foam mostly subsides the butter will start to brown, which is ok. Add the bulbs and cook, stirring, until they start to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. If the butter starts to turn dark brown, reduce the heat a bit.nStir in 14 cup water, the mirin and the miso. Add the clams and turn the heat to mediumhigh. Cover the pan and cook, shaking the pan occasionally, until the clams open, 6 to 8 minutes. Stir in most of the reserved sliced greens. Ladle the clams and their broth into 4 bowls, discarding any clams that dont open. Garnish with the rest of the greens over the top and serve with cooked rice., ingredients: [], title: Spring Onions with Clams and Miso, picturelink: null}, 56190: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour 3 9inch cake pans. Cut 3 circles of waxed paper or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt and mix. Add 12 of the flour, then 12 of the sour cream and mix. Repeat with the remaining flour and sour cream. Drizzle in the hot coffee and mix until smooth. The batter will be thin. Pour into the prepared pans and bake until the tops are firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean a few crumbs are okay, about 35 minutes. Halfway through the baking, quickly rotate the pans in the oven to ensure even baking, but otherwise try not to open the oven. Let cool in the pan 10 minutes. Turn out onto wire racks and let cool completely before frosting.nFrosting: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese together until smooth. Drizzle in the melted chocolate and mix. Add the coffee and vanilla and mix. Add the sugar, 1 cup at a time, mixing after each addition. Mix until well blended and fluffy. To frost the cake, use a spatula to cover 2 of the cake layers with frosting. Stack them together. Flip the third cake layer over and rest it on the top to create a very flat top for the cake. Frost on the sides and top. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour 3 9inch cake pans. Cut 3 circles of waxed paper or parchment paper to fit the bottoms of the pans, then press them in.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and eggs and mix until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the vanilla, cocoa, baking soda and salt and mix. Add 12 of the flour, then 12 of the sour cream and mix. Repeat with the remaining flour and sour cream. Drizzle in the hot coffee and mix until smooth. The batter will be thin. Pour into the prepared pans and bake until the tops are firm to the touch and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean a few crumbs are okay, about 35 minutes. Halfway through the baking, quickly rotate the pans in the oven to ensure even baking, but otherwise try not to open the oven. Let cool in the pan 10 minutes. Turn out onto wire racks and let cool completely before frosting.nFrosting: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese together until smooth. Drizzle in the melted chocolate and mix. Add the coffee and vanilla and mix. Add the sugar, 1 cup at a time, mixing after each addition. Mix until well blended and fluffy. To frost the cake, use a spatula to cover 2 of the cake layers with frosting. Stack them together. Flip the third cake layer over and rest it on the top to create a very flat top for the cake. Frost on the sides and top. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 3 cups light brown sugar, packed, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups sifted cake flour, 1 13 cups sour cream, 1 12 cups hot coffee, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 3 cups light brown sugar, packed, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 cups sifted cake flour, 1 13 cups sour cream, 1 12 cups hot coffee, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened at room temperature, 8 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 12 cup cooled coffee, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 6 cups confectioners sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 16 ounces cream cheese, softened at room temperature, 8 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted, 12 cup cooled coffee, 4 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 6 cups confectioners sugar], title: Chocolate Layer Cake, picturelink: null}, 56191: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the quinoa, olives, cilantro, jalapenos and chile de arbol.nIn a separate small bowl, whisk the olive oil and lime juice. Season with salt and pepper, and drizzle over the quinoa mixture. Add the queso fresco, and mix well to evenly incorporate. Check for seasoning and add more salt if needed.nDivide the quinoa mixture evenly among the tomatoes, making sure they are filled to the top. Transfer the stuffed tomatoes to a large serving tray before serving., ingredients: [3 cups cooked red quinoa, 13 cup pitted green olives, halved, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped jalapenos, 1 teaspoon ground chile de arbol, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup crumbled queso fresco, 6 large yellow tomatoes, tops removed, seeded and flesh removed], title: Quinoa Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 56192: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nRemove the outer skin from onions, keeping them whole. Cut onions from the top almost to the bottom without cutting all the way through, making 8 equal wedges. Place onions on baking sheet, spray with cooking spray and season with salt and pepper. Arrange spaghetti squash on the same baking sheet, flesh side up. Spray squash with cooking spray and season with salt and pepper. Roast squash and onions for 25 to 30 minutes, until both are tender and onions are golden brown.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season both sides of pork with salt and pepper. Add pork to hot skillet and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Remove pork from pan and set aside. To the same skillet add mushrooms and garlic and saute 5 minutes, until mushrooms soften and release juice. Add chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Return pork to pan and simmer 5 minutes, until cooked through. Add heavy cream and simmer 1 minute. Using a fork, pull squash from the skin in shreds, making spaghettilike strands. Arrange squash on a platter or plate and top with pork and cream sauce. Top with hazelnuts and parsley. Serve 2 roasted onions alongside, with ranch dip, reserving remaining onions for another meal., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 extralarge yellow onions the biggest ones you can find, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 spaghetti squash, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 boneless pork loin chops, trimmed of fat, 2 cups sliced wild mushrooms any variety, combination, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 cup chopped hazelnuts, 14 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup ranch dip], title: Pork Chops with Mushroom Cream and Hazelnuts, Roasted Blooming Onion with Ranch Dip, Roasted Spaghetti Squash, picturelink: null}, 56193: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch baking dish with cooking spray set aside.nPlace the chicken breasts on a jelly roll pan. Drizzle each breast on both sides with 1 tablespoon olive oil. In a small bowl, mix together the taco seasoning, cumin, oregano and black pepper sprinkle evenly over both sides of the chicken breasts. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes on each side, or until golden brown and cooked through. Remove the pan from the oven and allow to cool for 15 minutes. Shred the chicken and set aside.nMeanwhile, in a medium skillet over medium heat, melt the butter until shimmering, about 2 minutes. Add the onions and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the green chiles and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the cream cheese, ranch seasoning and the shredded chicken. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the cream cheese melts, 3 to 5 minutes.nLay the tortillas flat on a clean dry surface and spoon 2 to 3 tablespoons of the chicken mixture down the center of each. Roll up the tortillas and place them, seamside down, in the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with the Monterey Jack. Pour the picante sauce over the rolled tortillas and cheese. Bake until browned and bubbly, 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons taco seasoning, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 medium onion, chopped, Half of a 4ounce can chopped green chiles, with liquid, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, Half of a .5ounce packet ranch seasoning, such as Hidden Valley Original Ranch Salad Dressing and Seasoning Mix, Eight 8inch flour tortillas, 3 cups shredded Monterey Jack, 1 12 cups picante sauce], title: Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 56194: {instructions: Sprinkle gelatin over the water to soften and let stand for 5 minutes. Over very low heat, warm the mixture in a small saucepan, just until gelatin is dissolved. Do not boil.nIn the work bowl of a food processor, add jam and process to break up the chunks. Add gelatin mixture and process until smooth.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the peanut butter, cream cheese, milk, and vanilla until smooth. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until smooth. Very gently fold in the thawed whipped topping.nTo assemble the pie: Add 13 of the jam mixture to the bottom of the pie crust, spreading with a spatula to smooth. Add half of the peanut butter mixture evenly over top. Top with another 13 of the jam mixture. Add the last half of the peanut butter mixture. Using the back of a spoon, make dips and swirls in the top mixture. Drizzle the remaining jam in and around the swirls in a decorative manner. Add small groups of roasted peanuts to the top, in and around the peanut butter swirls and in the jam. Chill for several hours before serving., ingredients: [One 14ounce envelope unflavored gelatin, 14 cup warm water, One 12ounce jar seedless strawberry jam, 34 cup peanut butter, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, One 8ounce container frozen whipped topping, thawed, 1 prebaked 9 or 10inch pie shell, Roasted peanuts, for garnish], title: P.B.s Peanut Butter and Jelly Pie, picturelink: null}, 56195: {instructions: Place eggs in large saucepan. Cover with cold water. Bring slowly to just under a boil. Then gently cook for 10 minutes. Carefully pour off the hot water and cover the eggs with ice water. Let stand for 15 minutes. Gently crack the eggs and peel under cold running water, starting from the large end. Cut the eggs in half lengthwise with a long thin knife. Remove the yolks and place in a medium bowl. Set the whites aside. Mash the yolks with a fork. Mix in the remaining ingredients, except paprika. If the filling is too thick, add a little more pickle juice or salad dressing. Spoon the filling into the hollowedout whites. Sprinkle with paprika., ingredients: [1 dozen eggs, 23 cup mayonnaisestyle salad dressing or mayonnaise, 12 cup sweet pickle relish, squeezed of excess liquid, 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 to 12 teaspoon white pepper, 6 drops hot pepper sauce, Paprika, for garnish], title: Pollys Deviled Eggs, picturelink: null}, 56196: {instructions: In a saucepan, put the peas and cover with chicken stock or water. Add the onion, bay leaf, and peppercorns. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, and cook, uncovered, until peas are tender but not broken still al dente. Allow to cool in the cooking liquid.nMeanwhile, in a nonstick pan, heat the lardons over medium heat, rendering the fat until lardons are crispy. Set lardons aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the shallots, mustard, and vinegar, and slowly drizzle in the canola oil. Stir in the 14 cup of pecans.nIn large bowl, toss the greens and lardons with half of the dressing. Evenly divide the salad between 4 plates. Place the cooled peas to the bowl and dress with the remaining dressing. Spoon the peas over the greens and sprinkle with the remaining chopped pecans., ingredients: [1 cup black eyed peas, soaked in cold water overnight, Chicken stock or water, to cover, 12 medium white onion, halved, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 pound slab bacon or thick cut cut into 14inch strips or lardons, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup toasted pecan pieces, finely chopped, plus 13 cup, 14 cup pecan oil or other nut oil, 1 pound baby spinach, washed and dried], title: Baby Spinach Salad with Black Eyed Peas, Lardons, and PecanVinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 56197: {instructions: Stir together the yogurt, lemon juice, olive oil, garlic, coriander, cumin, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Pour half of the sauce into a large resealable plastic bag cover and refrigerate the remaining sauce. Add the salmon to the bag and turn to coat with the marinade. Refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes, turning the bag over once.nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh. Remove the salmon from the marinade and blot off excess yogurt with paper towels. Lightly oil the grill and add the salmon cook, turning once, until browned on the outside and opaque in the center, 4 to 6 minutes per side, depending on the thickness. Serve with the reserved yogurt sauce and garnish with the herbs and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 cup plain yogurt, Juice of 1 lemon, plus lemon wedges for garnish, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for the grill, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 6ounce skinless centercut salmon fillets, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro or parsley, for garnish], title: Moroccan Grilled Salmon, picturelink: MxWzl3mUImSU9YZoDOgYrQ5hHV6hmAK}, 56198: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 cups applewood chips, soaked in water overnightnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the chicken: Using kitchen shears, remove the backbone of the chicken and set aside in the refrigerator for another use such as Smoked Chicken Minestrone. Cut the chicken in half, straight through the breastbone. By separating the chicken into two pieces it will ensure that the chicken gets smoked more thoroughly. Sprinkle the chicken pieces with salt, pepper, the granulated garlic and smoked paprika.nPlace 1 deep aluminum roasting pan over the stove top. Line with aluminum foil. Add the soaked wood chips to a large piece of foil, and then fold in the sides to make a pouch. Punch holes in the top of the pouch, set it directly over a gas burner and turn on high. Leave for 2 to 3 minutes, watching carefully. Once it begins to smoke, using tongs, transfer the pouch to the bottom of the lined roasting pan. Set a wire rack over the chips in the lined roasting pan and position it so the wood chips are directly over the burner and continue to smoke. Place the chicken pieces boneside down on the rack. Cover tightly with aluminum foil to seal in the smoke. Put the roasting pan into the oven and smoke until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 45 to 60 minutes. Remove and cool. Shred the smoked chicken breast and set aside 1 12 cups for the cannelloni reserve the rest for another use. Increase the oven to 375 degrees F.nWhile the chicken is smoking, make the creamy roasted red pepper sauce: Bring the oil to medium heat in a large saucepot. Sweat the onions until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and sweat until fragrant, about a minute. Stir in the peppers and tomatoes. Simmer for 5 minutes. Working in 2 cup batches, process the sauce on high in a blender until smooth. Return the sauce to the pot, reduce the heat to low and whisk in the cream. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. If making ahead, cool before refrigerating for up to a week.nFor the cannelloni: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the ricotta, cream cheese, 1 cup of the Parmesan, the egg and nutmeg with a wooden spoon. Fold in the reserved shredded chicken, spinach, tomatoes and some salt and pepper. Spoon the filling into a medium pastry bag fitted with a large open tip. Spread 12 cup of the creamy roasted red pepper sauce evenly on the bottom of a 9 by 13inch gratin dish. Pipe about 2 12 tablespoons of the filling into the cannelloni shells and place them into the gratin dish. Spoon the remaining sauce over the cannelloni. Sprinkle with the panko and remaining Parmesan. Cover and bake until the filling is cooked through, about 30 minutes. Bake uncovered until the top is golden and bubbling, an additional 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and cool on a resting rack. Garnish with Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [One 2 14 to 2 12pound whole chicken, patted dry and set out for 15 minutes, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup chopped yellow onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 ounces chopped roasted red pepper, drained, 4 ounces chopped fireroasted tomatoes, drained, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, Juice of 12 a lemon, One 8ounce box cannelloni shells 12 shells, soaked in warm water for 2 minutes, 1 pound whole milk ricotta cheese, 4 ounces whipped cream cheese, 1 13 cups grated Parmesan, plus more for garnish, 1 large egg, 3 grounds fresh nutmeg, 1 12 ounces chopped spinach leaves about 2 cups, 12 cup chopped fireroasted tomatoes, drained, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup coarsely ground panko breadcrumbs], title: Smoked Chicken Cannelloni, picturelink: Sx9Rymtv6LP7GhoTbx9HV9aJyBj6jy}, 56199: {instructions: Add the heavy cream and sugar to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and whip until it forms soft peaks. Add the brandy and mix in., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy], title: Brandy Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 56200: {instructions: Place stock in a medium saucepan, reserving 14 cup, and bring to a simmer. Meanwhile, place remaining 14 cup stock and the rehydrated ancho chiles in a blender and puree until combined. Add pureed anchos, porcini, and hominy and cook for 10 minutes. Add the chicken and cilantro and cook for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLadle soup into bowls and top with cheese and some fried tortillas.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine chicken bones, onions, celery, and carrots in a large roasting pan toss with oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Roast until the bones and vegetables are a rich golden brown, about 30 to 40 minutes.nTransfer the bones and vegetables to a large stockpot, add 12 cups cold water, and the remaining ingredients and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 4 hours, skimming the scum that rises to the top with a ladle every 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and strain through a mesh strainer into a clean pot. Place back on the stove over high heat and cook until reduced by half. Use immediately or let cool to room temperature, cover, and refrigerate or freeze until ready to use.nHeat oil in a high sided large saute pan until it reaches 350 degrees F. Add the tortillas in 2 batches and cook until just crisp. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt immediately., ingredients: [1 recipe Rich Chicken Stock, recipe follows, 2 ancho chiles, soaked in water to soften, 1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, soaked in water until soft, drained, and chopped, 1 28ounce can hominy, 2 roasted chicken breasts, skin removed and meat shredded, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar, Fried Blue and White Corn Tortillas, for garnish, recipe follows, or store bought tortilla chips, crumbled, 4 pounds chicken bones, chopped, 3 large Spanish onions, quartered skin left on, 12 head celery, coarsely chopped, 2 large carrots, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 14 cup whole peppercorns, Small bunch flatleaf parsley, stems only, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cups peanut oil, 2 blue corn tortillas, julienned, 2 white corn tortillas, julienned, Kosher salt], title: ChickenPosole Soup, picturelink: 89ndpByU4rhFX3RJ4zsZtY3NvfpKcmi}, 56201: {instructions: SET UP: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Oil a 5quart baking dish.nMARINATE THE ZUCCHINI: Thinly slice the zucchini into rounds. Toss with the lemon juice and 12 teaspoon salt and a couple turns of pepper. Layer the zucchini in the prepared dish, slightly overlapping the slices the zucchini should just cover the bottom of the dish.nPREP THE SALMON: Rub the salmon with the lemon zest, 34 teaspoon salt, and a couple turns of pepper. Put the salmon on top of the zucchini, skinside down. Stir together the butter, olives, and thyme and spread over the salmon. Sprinkle the panko over the olives.nCOOK THE SALMON: Bake the salmon until its firm and just cooked through, 25 to 30 minutes. Turn the broiler to high and broil the salmon 2 to 3 inches from the heat until the panko is browned, about 1 minute., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for the dish, 1 medium zucchini, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice about 12 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 2pound centercut salmon fillet preferably wild, with skin, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons finely chopped kalamata olives about 10 olives, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 12 cup panko bread crumbs], title: SlowCooked Salmon with OliveBread Crumb Sprinkle, picturelink: yz51BJr6cF9M4MbBbTFZi1L6uO7SsnG}, 56202: {instructions: For the ganache: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a medium stainless steel or glass bowl, combine the chocolate chips and heavy cream. Set the bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water and stir occasionally until the chocolate has melted and the mixture is smooth, about 6 minutes. Whisk in the cinnamon. Refrigerate the ganache until very firm, about 2 hours. Using a 1ounce cookie scoop or a round tablespoon measure, scoop the ganache into 18 1inch round pieces and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Working quickly, with dry hands, roll the mixture into balls. Put a pop stick into each ball and freeze, stick side up, until firm, about 30 minutes.nAdd the 2 cups of chocolate chips to a medium stainless steel or glass bowl. Set the bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water and stir occasionally until the chocolate has melted, about 4 minutes.nPut the chopped nuts, minichocolate chips and chopped candy bars in 3 small bowls.nDip the pops in the melted chocolate, allowing the excess chocolate to drip off, and then dip into the toppings until coated. Arrange the pops, stick side up, on the baking sheet. Refrigerate for 30 minutes until the chocolate has set. Let the pops stand at room temperature for 15 minutes before serving.nStore the pops, refrigerated, in an airtight container.nCooks Note: If the scooped ganache is too sticky to roll into balls, put the pan in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes to harden., ingredients: [8 ounces 1 12 cups bittersweet 60 percent cacao chocolate chips recommended: Ghiradelli, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups 12 ounces bittersweet 60 percent cacao chocolate chips recommended: Ghiradelli, 1 cup finely chopped nuts, such as pistachios or walnuts, 1 cup minichocolate chips, 3 1.4ounce milk chocolatetoffee candy bars, such as Heath or Skor, finely chopped, Special equipment: 18 4inch wooden pop sticks, a 1ounce cookie scoop], title: Truffle Pops, picturelink: null}, 56203: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil add the pasta and cook until al dente, about 9 minutes. Drain the pasta, reserving about 14 cup cooking water.nMeanwhile, melt 4 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon to make a paste. Cook, stirring, until the paste puffs slightly, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat and gradually whisk in the milk until smooth. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, whisking. Reduce the heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, until the sauce is creamy, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the nutmeg and season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, heat 2 tablespoons butter and the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add half of the mushrooms and cook until soft, about 8 minutes. Season with salt. Push to the side of the pan and repeat with the remaining mushrooms.nReduce the heat under the sauce to low and whisk in both cheeses until smooth. Stir in the mushrooms and pasta and toss, adding the reserved cooking water as needed.nMelt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the breadcrumbs and toast until golden stir in the parsley. Divide the pasta among 8 small bowls. Garnish with the breadcrumb mixture.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound mezzi rigatoni, 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups whole milk, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound wild mushrooms, such as oyster or shiitake, stemmed and sliced, 4 ounces cremini mushrooms,, quartered, 8 ounces taleggio or brie cheese, rind removed, cubed about 1 12 cups, 5 ounces pecorino cheese, grated about 1 12 cups, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Mini Mac and Shrooms, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 56204: {instructions: In a medium saucepan combine the butter, salt, sugar, and water over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Take pan off the heat and stir in the flour. Return the pan to medium heat and stir continuously until mixture forms a ball, about 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the flour mixture to a medium bowl. Using an electric hand mixer on low speed, add eggs, one at a time, incorporating each egg completely before adding the next. Beat until smooth. Add the grated apple and stir to combine. If not frying immediately, cover with plastic wrap and reserve in the refrigerator.nCombine the whipping cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, and cinnamon in anmedium bowl. Whip until medium soft peaks form. Transfer the whipping cream to a serving dish.nMeanwhile, pour enough oil into a large frying pan to reach a depth of 2 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 325 degrees F.nUsing a small icecream scooper or 2 small spoons, carefully drop about a rounded tablespoon of the dough into the hot olive oil. Turn the zeppole once or twice, and cook until golden and puffed up, about 4 minutes. Fry the zeppole in batches so as not to overcrowd the pan. Drain on paper towels. Transfer the zeppole to a serving dish and sprinkle with powdered sugar using a small sieve. Serve with the cinnamon whipped cream alongside for dipping., ingredients: [1 large apple, peeled and grated about 1 12 cups, 14 cup sugar, 1 stick butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup water, 1 cup flour, 4 eggs, 1 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Olive oil for frying], title: Apple Zeppole with Cinnamon Whipped Cream, picturelink: NthkwcOK94jq4EfMHWBg05GUifPvbJ6}, 56205: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Lay out 9 muffin liners in a muffin tin.nWhisk together the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, ginger, nutmeg and salt in a large bowl. Set aside.nIn another large bowl, whisk together the pumpkin puree and brown sugar. For best results, use a stand mixer. Whisk in both of the eggs, one at a time, until all trace of the egg is gone. Slowly, drizzle in the oil on the side of the bowl while whisking.nAdd the dry ingredients, 14 cup at a time, then stir the batter thoroughly, until the flour mixture is half gone. Add the yogurt and stir. Add the remaining flour until all visible signs of flour are gone.nFill a muffin liner about 34 full with the batter. Repeat with the remaining 8 liners.nBake the muffins 10 minutes, then turn down the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until the muffins are browned and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 10 to 15 more minutes.nAllow the muffins to cool for 10 minutes, then remove them to a cooling rack to cool entirely., ingredients: [210 grams 1 12 cups glutenfree allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup pumpkin puree, 34 cup brown sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons wholemilk yogurt], title: GlutenFree Pumpkin Muffins, picturelink: VE2.GWTkrvxqX0Q203zWZz35HiPteFC}, 56206: {instructions: For the Cheddar cream cheesecake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the cream cheese and Cheddar in a mixing bowl until soft. Beat in the sugar and vanilla until fluffy. Mix together the yolks, egg and milk. Add to the mixer on low speed. Add the creme fraiche. Pour into fleximolds with 2.5inch cavities and bake for about 22 minutes. Let cool, then freeze.nFor the pate de fruit: Weigh out 1 pound sugar in a small bowl with the glucose in the center. Mix together the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the pectin in a separate bowl. Bring the bloody mary mix and blood orange puree to a boil. Gradually stir in the sugar and pectin mix. Stir in the sugar and glucose mix in three stages while maintaining a boil. When the temperature reaches 219 degrees F, turn off the heat. Add the citric acid. Pour into desired molds or frames. Cool to set. Cut into 2inch roundsnRemove the cheesecakes from the mold. Top half the cheesecakes with pieces of pate de fruit. Top with the remaining cheesecakes and dust with confectioners sugar. Heat up a metal skewer with a blow torch or over a flame and use it to make grill mark impressions on the sandwiches., ingredients: [1 pound cream cheese, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 egg yolks, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 14 pounds creme fraiche, , 1 pound, plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 ounces glucose, 2 teaspoons pectin, 8 ounces bloody mary mix, 8 ounces blood orange puree, 2 teaspoons citric acid, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Grilled Cheesecake Sandwiches with Bloody Mary Jelly, picturelink: null}, 56207: {instructions: To make Wings: Preheat oven to 500 degrees F.nPat wings dry and toss with oil, ginger, and garlic. Arrange wings, thickskin sides up, in 1 layer in a large shallow baking pan and roast in upper third of oven 25 minutes.nTurn on broiler and broil wings, turning once, until nicely browned and crisp, 10 to 15 minutes.nTo make sauce while wings cook: Whisk together sauce ingredients in a large bowl until blended.nAdd wings to sauce and toss until coated., ingredients: [4 pound chicken wings, halved at joint, tips removed if desired, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 12 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 tablespoons natural peanut butter, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 12 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 14 to 12 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Chicken Wings in Peanut Sauce, picturelink: xE0qdBsqaZS7RP7DPurDJSytI1XDgl2}, 56208: {instructions: Mix 1 cup water with masa harina. Let stand 15 minutes. Bring remaining 1 12 cups water to boil in heavy medium saucepan. Strain masa harina mixture into boiling water. Add chocolate and stir until melted and smooth. Add cinnamon stick. Stir over low heat until mixture thickens or whip to frothy consistency with a molinillo, about 5 minutes. Stir in brown sugar., ingredients: [2 12 cups water, 14 cup masa harina, 2 ounces Mexican chocolate or bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Champurrado, picturelink: null}, 56209: {instructions: On a cookie sheet, sort the black beans, removing any rocks, and wash the beans. Place the beans in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook for about 1 hour. Drain beans and rinse. Return to the saucepan and cover with fresh water and cook another 4 to 5 hours, until tender, adding more water as necessary.nOnce beans are tender, stir in mire poix of onion, carrot, celery, and garlic. Cook until vegetables are tender. Season with salt, pepper and cumin, to taste. Stir in the sherry., ingredients: [2 cups organic dried black beans, 1 cup diced yellow onion, 1 cup diced carrot, 1 cup diced celery, 4 cloves garlic, diced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cumin, 12 cup Sherry], title: Vegetarian Black Bean Soup, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 56210: {instructions: For the capered couscous: Cook couscous according to package directions, adding capers and oregano at beginning of cooking time. Add parsley and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper just before serving.nFor the calamari:nCoat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray and set over mediumhigh heat to preheat. Season both sides of calamari with salt and lemon pepper. Place calamari on hot pan and cook 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. In a small bowl, whisk together honey and rice wine. Brush mixture over both sides of calamari and cook 1 to 2 more minutes per side, until cooked through and opaque.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Add spinach, cover and steam 1 minute, until spinach wilts. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Slice calamari crosswise into rings and serve over wilted spinach. Serve couscous on the side., ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 14 cup drained capers, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cooking spray, 1 pound calamari, whole bodies, Lemon pepper, to taste, 12 cup honey, 1 tablespoon rice wine mirin, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 10ounce package fresh spinach], title: HoneyGlazed Grilled Calamari over Wilted Spinach with Capered Couscous, picturelink: null}, 56211: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the tablespoon each butter and flour to make a paste. Spread some over a cookie sheet and set aside.nCombine egg whites, milk, vanilla, and salt and let sit until room temperature. You can speed the process by slightly warming mixture over a pan of hot water.nAdd melted butter to egg white mixture. Whisk in sugar until evenly blended. Add flour and whisk until smooth.nSpoon 1 12 tablespoons batter per cookie onto prepared cookie sheet. Allow six inches for spreading each sheet will hold 3 cookies. With a spatula, spread each blob of batter out to form a thin 5inch circle, leaving about an inch between cookies. Scatter some almonds over batter.nBake about three to five minutes, until lightly golden all over. Slide a long spatula under each cookie, carefully lift off and immediately place cookie over an inverted coffee cup or custard cup. Cover with a dry cloth and press down to mold into a fluted shell. Repeat with other cookies. Shells will stiffen in 1 to 2 minutes.nRecoat baking sheet and repeat spreading, baking, and molding process until all cookies are baked. Serve immediately or store in airtight tins.nIt takes some practice to get the knack of molding these thin, crisp cookies. They make a delightful bowl for ice cream or sorbets. These cookies can also be cooled curved over a rolling pin for tuiles, or tileshaped cookies., ingredients: [1 tablespoon soft butter and 1 tablespoon flour, for coating pan, 2 egg whites, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 34 cup all purpose flour, sifted, 34 cup sliced almonds], title: Almond Cookie Shells for Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 56212: {instructions: For the dough: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour and butter with your fingers until the butter is just mixed in throughout the flour. Add the chilled water 1 tablespoon at a time and mix it into the flour mixture with your fingers. Use just enough water so that the dough just comes together. Gather the dough into a ball and wrap in parchment paper. Set it aside in the refrigerator or until ready to use.nFor the filling: Cut the acorn squash into thin slices. In a medium skillet over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the sliced squash and 14 cup water, cook until the squash is soft and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Add the heavy cream to the pan halfway through, about 5 minutes into the process.nRemove the squash from the pan and set aside in a bowl to cool. Once the squash has cooled, toss together with the cheese.nMelt 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil in the pan. Add the sliced onion and sugar and cook over low heat about 30 minutes, until the onion has browned and caramelized. After the onion has cooked, divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and let cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature for about 10 minutes. Cut the dough into 6 equal portions. Take each portion and roll it out into a small circle, about 3 inches in diameter. The dough does not have to be rolled out perfectly evenlyu00bfa galette is a rustic, freeform tart.nIn the center of each galette, place a portion of the cooled caramelized onion and squash mixture. Create an edge to the galette by folding the edges of the pastry up towards the center and pressing down gently. Dont cover the filling with the pastry.nPlace the pastries onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake for 25 minutes until the crust is lightly browned. Drizzle a little extra virgin olive oil and kosher salt over each galette.nServe slightly warm with mixed greens., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup chilled butter, cut into small pieces, 3 to 5 tablespoons chilled carbonated water recommended: San Pelligrino, 1 acorn squash, peeled, seeded and halved, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 tablespoons water, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 12 cups grated Gruyere or crumbled Maytag Bleu cheese, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon sugar, Olive oil, for drizzling, Kosher salt, for sprinkling, Mixed greens, for serving], title: Acorn Squash Galette, picturelink: JWjJTPf4FkwjfsBMVqcUIsDeuS5LDV2}, 56213: {instructions: u00a92010 Publix Super Markets, Inc., ingredients: [Salmon BLT:, 2 medium tomatoes, 1 teaspoon fresh dill, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon capers, finely chopped, 8 slices Bakery whole wheat bread, 14 cup light mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon pepper, divided, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 salmon filets about 1 12 lb, 12 slices reducedsodium bacon, 2 cups fresh baby spinach 3 oz, divided, Broiled Grapefruit:, 2 grapefruit, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 2 teaspoons sugar, divided, 2 tablespoons cinnamon sugar, divided], title: Salmon BLT and Broiled Grapefruit, picturelink: l0V6B20CZVzqMpWJsOzXMgLSj3H2i}, 56214: {instructions: Peel and pit the mangoes and cut them into large chunks. Place the mango in a blender with the water, sugar, and a pinch of salt. Blend until smooth. Taste and add more sugar, if necessary.nFill the blender with ice and add the Mango Margarita Mix, tequila, and triple sec. Blend until smooth. Rub the rim of a margarita glass with a lime wedge and dip into Mint Salt to coat rim. Fill glass and enjoyn1 cup fresh mint leavesn1 cup gray salt or coarse sea saltnClean and dry mint and roughly chop. With a mortar and pestle, crush equal parts fresh mint and salt.nYield: about 1 cup salt, ingredients: [1 14 pounds fresh mangoes, 1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, Gray salt, 3 cups ice, 1 12 cups Mango Margarita Mix, 4 ounces tequila, 2 ounces triple sec, Lime wedges, Mint Salt, recipe follows], title: Mango Margarita, picturelink: tYz7oxS7EFneo7JBlkGHjPN0sE3w3Ti}, 56215: {instructions: For the brine:nBring the cold water to a hard boil and remove from the heat. Add the tea bags and steep for 5 minutes. Remove the tea bags and add the sugar stir until dissolved. Add the lemons and kosher salt stir to dissolve. Put in a nonreactive bowl and refrigerate to chill for 8 to 12 hours.nPut the chicken in the brine, cover and refrigerate for 4 to 8 hours. Drain the chicken.nIn a deepfryer or heavybottomed pot, heat enough oil to come halfway up the sides of the pot, to 350 degrees F.nPut the flour into a shallow bowl. Add the cornstarch, black pepper, if using, and House Seasoning. Add the buttermilk and the hot sauce to a second dish. Dredge the chicken in the buttermilk, and then the flour mixture. Carefully add the chicken to the hot oil and fry until golden and fully cooked. Transfer to a serving platter and keep warm until ready to serve.nIn a small bowl add the egg and stir, then add the milk and salt and mix well to combine.nFor the biscone:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd all the dry ingredients into a large bowl. Cut in the cold butter with a fork or pastry blender until the butter is the size of peas and some larger pieces. Gradually add in the cold buttermilk until it is just combined. Stir in the cheese. Do not overwork the dough.nIn the same bowl, pat down dough and dust the top with the remaining 2 tablespoons of flour. Using an ice cream scooper, arrange scoops of the biscone mixture onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Brush the tops with egg wash and bake, turning halfway through, until the tops are golden brown about 18 to 20 minutes.nFor the butter:nIn a small bowl add the butter and scallions. Using a handheld electric mixer, combine until well incorporated.nTo assemble:nSplit the biscones in half and smear with scallion butter. Serve as a sandwich with the chicken breasts.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [1 quart cold water, 2 gallonsize tea bags, 1 cup sugar, 1 lemon, quartered, 13 cup kosher salt, 6 chicken breasts, skinless and boneless, Oil, for deepfryer, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, optional, 1 teaspoon House Seasoning, recipe follows, Buttermilk, for dredging, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons milk, Pinch salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus 2 tablespoons to toss onto dough before baking, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon salt optional for savory scones, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup cold butter, cut in cubes, 1 12 cups cold buttermilk, 12 cup grated sharp white Cheddar, Egg wash, 2 sticks softened butter, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 cup salt, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup garlic powder], title: Sweet TeaBrined Fried Chicken on a Biscone, picturelink: null}, 56216: {instructions: Whisk together the lemon juice and olive oil in a small bowl. Add the capers and parsley and season with black pepper. Preheat grill. Grill the asparagus, braised with olive oil. Toss the asparagus with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Wrap a piece of prosciutto around each spear and place on a platter. Drizzle with lemoncaper vinaigrette and top with the cheese., ingredients: [14 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 medium asparagus spears, tough end removed, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 thin slices prosciutto, 12 thinly shaved pieces of Pecorino Romano cheese], title: Grilled Asparagus Wrapped in Prosciutto with Shaved Pecorino Romano Cheese, picturelink: null}, 56217: {instructions: In a saucepan, bring the milk to a boil with the vanilla bean. Let sit 15 minutes to infuse. Whisk yolks with 1 cup of the sugar then temper with hot milk. Return to the heat and cook gently to thicken. Strain and place over ice water and stir to cool and thicken. Chill.nSimmer 2 quarts of water in a large frying pan but do not boil. Meanwhile, beat the whites until stiff but not dry. Gradually add the remaining 34cup of sugar and continue beating until glossy, about 30 more seconds. Place a large sheet pan next to the water, lined with waxed paper dampened slightly. Using a large star tip or 2 dessert spoons or an ice cream scoop, squeeze out rosettes onto the paper.nUsing a spatula, lift the rosettes off the paper 1 at time and slide them into the simmering water. Poach for 7 minutes on the bottom then turn over for 3 minutes, not allowing them to touch while poaching. Drain on a dish towel. Remove to a sheet pan and chill.nCrystallized Rose Petals: Whisk water and egg white in mediumsized mixing bowl. Dip rose petals into mixture and stick to inside rim of bowl to drain. Dip both sides of drained petals in sugar and place on a sheet pan with parchment paper. Let dry for 4 hours in a warm place.nServe floating islands in a bowl of the vanilla sauce, garnished with rose petals., ingredients: [3 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, 9 yolks, 1 34 cups sugar, 2 quarts water, 6 egg whites, Crystallized rose petals for garnish, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon water, 1 egg white, 16 rose petals from organic or confetti roses, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Floating Islands, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 56218: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, in a deep skillet over medium heat. Add shallots to hot oil and saute them for 2 minutes. Add vinegar and soy and whisk into duck sauce. Reduce heat to low. Add hot sauce to dressing and pile in half the spinach. Turn spinach carefully with tongs. When it wilts down, 2 minutes, add the remaining greens and wilt. Season the warm salad with salt and pepper to your taste. Serve the spinach with toasted sesame seeds sprinkled over top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 1 large shallot, chopped, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, a couple of splashes, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, eyeball it, 14 cup Chinese duck or plum sauce, eyeball it, A few dashes hot sauce, 1 12 pounds triple washed spinach, coarsely chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, available on International foods aisle], title: Glazed Spinach Salad, picturelink: 9rIDgSMmqnlkqMtokWoLq65Shxst6i}, 56219: {instructions: Bring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil, and add asparagus. Cook until bright green and tender, about 4 to 6 minutes. Remove asparagus from water, and transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Remove from ice water, drain, and set aside.nFill a large skillet with water, bring to a boil, and reduce to a gentle simmer. Carefully crack eggs, 1 at a time, into a small bowl, and then slide into simmering water. Poach eggs in simmering water. Using a skimmer, pull the whites over the yolks, until yolks are just set, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove eggs from the water with a skimmer, and transfer to a bowl of ice water to cool and stop cooking.nIn a large saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat Add shallots, and cook until translucent, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add morels, wine, chicken stock, and roasted garlic, if desired. Season, to taste, with salt. Cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove from pan, and reserve.nPlace radicchio leaves in a large, shallow bowl. Arrange prosciutto on top in a decorative pattern.nWhisk balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil together in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with salt, pepper, and sugar. Drizzle vinaigrette over prosciutto.nSprinkle cilantro over top, and cover with baby greens. Arrange asparagus in 5 bunches on greens in a spokelike pattern. Top with chervil.nWhisk together rice wine vinegar and canola oil in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Drizzle vinaigrette over asparagus.nRemove poached eggs, 1 by 1, blotting them on a piece of bread the bread acts as a natural sponge, and place each egg between 2 bunches of asparagus. Discard bread. Top with the morels. Garnish each egg with a sprig of parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Coarse salt, 25 to 30 stalks asparagus, tough ends trimmed, 5 large eggs, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 to 3 shallots, finely chopped, 12 pound morels, well cleaned, 2 tablespoons white wine, 2 tablespoons homemade chicken stock or canned lowsodium chicken broth, skimmed of fat, or water, 1 clove roasted garlic, optional, Salt, 2 washed heads radicchio, 5 slices prosciutto, preferably center cut, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch granulated sugar, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, 5 cups washed baby salad green, 14 cup freshly picked chervil leaves, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 slice bread, 5 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Whole Meal Layered Spring Salad, picturelink: null}, 56220: {instructions: In a skillet, saute the green beans in butter until tendercrisp. Season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Before serving, add the almonds to the skillet and heat through until the almonds are toasted., ingredients: [2 cups green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup almonds, slivered or sliced, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Green Beans, picturelink: 5a7otVO7ETD4WOII7UzHfG33tXWuOom}, 56221: {instructions: Cut strips of refrigerated breadstick dough in half crosswise thread a piece lengthwise onto each skewer. Toast over a flame until golden. Brush with melted butter, then sprinkle with confectioners sugar and cinnamon.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: Sweet Breadsticks, picturelink: XXPX3uqXO0TQPMPLLQFB5J.AzRhMtM6}, 56222: {instructions: Over medium heat saute the shallots in the grapeseed oil for about 5 minutes until the shallots are translucent. Allow to cool completely and then combine with the rest of the ingredients in a food processor and puree to smooth consistency. Strain through a fine mesh strainer and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. If the soup is too thick, add more vegetable stock., ingredients: [12 cup shallots, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 4 cucumbers, halved, seeded, 1 12 cups vegetable stock, 12 cup seedless grapes, halved, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, diced, 5 sprigs mint, roughly chopped, 1 cup buttermilk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chilled Cucumber Apple Soup, picturelink: null}, 56223: {instructions: Boil water for pasta. Cook spaghetti for 4 minutes until al dente while making the sauce.nThe sauce for this recipe is to be cooked quickly over a high flame. First, put olive oil in a pan and brown the garlic. After the garlic has browned, add olives, salt, pepper, oregano, parsley and chicken broth. Stir spaghetti while sauce simmers. Once spaghetti has cooked, drain, return to the pot and stir in some sauce. Put spaghetti on a plate and top with the rest of the sauce. Garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [4 ounces thin spaghetti, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Pitted gaeta olives, Pinch of salt, pepper and oregano, 1 teaspoon chopped parsley, 4 ounces chicken broth, Fresh basil leaves for garnish], title: Spaghetti alla Puttanesca, picturelink: null}, 56224: {instructions: Place the raisins in a small bowl and cover with boiling water. Allow to sit for 5 minutes and then drain.nFit a food processor with the grating blade. Cut the carrots in half and place in the feed tube so they are lying on their sides. Process in batches. Place the grated carrots in a medium bowl, add the lemon juice and toss.nFor the dressing, whisk together the sour cream, mayonnaise, sugar and salt. Pour the dressing over the carrots and add the pineapple and raisins. Toss together and serve., ingredients: [13 cup golden raisins, 1 pound carrots, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup diced fresh pineapple], title: Barefoot Carrot Salad, picturelink: null}, 56225: {instructions: Make ranch dip mix per package directions. Refrigerate.nCook bacon, as desired, in a saute pan on the stove. Set aside on a paper towel.nFire up the charcoal in chimney starter. Recommeded: Kingsford Charcoal with Mesquite Chips.nMix ground turkey and salt and pepper in a bowl. Form turkey meat into 4 equal size patties. Brush both sides with olive oil. This will prevent them from sticking to the grill.nGrill burgers over hot coals for 4 minutes each side.nSlice up the cheese, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and red onion. Grill onions if desired.nTop burgers with Cheddar. Cook until melted. Toast buns. Assemble as follows:nBottom bunnTurkey pattynCheesenBacon 1 strip cut in 12nAvocado 3 slicesnLettuce, tomato, onionnRanch dipnTop bun, ingredients: [1 package of your favorite ranch dip plus ingredients to prepare it We used Simply Organic Ranch Dip mix 12 cup buttermilk and 12 cup mayonnaise, 6 strips thick cut pork bacon, 1 pound ground turkey thighs, Salt and pepper, Olive oil, At least 4 slices sharp Cheddar, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato, Red Onion, 4 wholewheat buns], title: Turkey ABC Burger, picturelink: CynxeWpiTImkKJtTTVo79tmInCNOG.}, 56226: {instructions: Heat a griddle or large skillet over mediumlow heat. Alternatively, you can use a panini press if you have one.nGenerously spread the Dijon on 4 slices of bread. Top each slice with some of the Cheddar, 3 pieces of bacon, some apple and additional Cheddar. Place a slice of the remaining bread on top of each sandwich and spread with the butter. Place a sandwich on the skillet butteredside down and butter the remaining side. Cook until the cheese is slightly melted and the bread is browned. Flip the sandwich and continue to cook until the cheese is thoroughly melted and the sandwich is golden brown. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches., ingredients: [Dijon mustard, Eight 12inch thick slices countrystyle white bread, 12 ounces farmhouse Cheddar, sliced, 12 slices bacon, cooked to desired doneness, 1 green apple, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Grilled Cheese, picturelink: Xqa1Hw7uZ90CtDWYELJTTJaZjrnrvC}, 56227: {instructions: Add to the cooked and cooled white rice the parsley, white onions, lemon juice and olive oil and then blend. After blending these ingredients estimate adding a large tablespoon for each leaf.nLay the destemmed and rinsed grape leaf shiny side down, place portion of rice mixture in the center near the stem end and roll keeping stuffing close to end of leaf. Start folding in the sides and continue to roll keeping ends closed and stuffing secure inside.nLay stem down the end of the roll in a flat pan and continue doing so until each one is side by side close together, keeping them from opening when cooking. You can often place at least 2 layers if making large amounts, but more layering is not recommended. Pour over leaves enough water to reach top layer only and bring to a boil and cook for about 10 to 15 minutes. Add more water only if necessary, so as not to burn the leaves. Water should all be evaporated in this period of time if not, drain remaining water.nRemove from burner and let cool for about 12 hour.nThen transfer in single layers into flat pans and pour over a mixture of lemon and olive oil and place in refrigerator cool and marinate overnight or at least several hours before serving. Can be stored for at least 2 to 3 days in refrigerator.n, ingredients: [2 12 cups al dente white rice, cooked and cooled, 1 large bunch medium washed and finely chopped parsley, 2 large white onions finely chopped, 23 cup lemon juice, freshly squeezed, 13 cup olive oil, Medium jar grape leaves, 14 olive oil, 34 cup lemon juice], title: Stuffed Grape Leaves:, picturelink: null}, 56228: {instructions: Special equipment: a fondue pot, optionalnBring the halfandhalf to a simmer in a fondue pot or small saucepan. Add the chocolate and stir until completely melted. Stir in the raspberry liqueur and vanilla.nIf using a fondue pot, place in on the fondue burner. Otherwise, simply bring the saucepan to the table the chocolate will remain at a dipping consistency for over an hour.nServe with an assortment of dippers such as strawberries, bananas, pound cake, angel food cake, brownie bites and coconut macaroons., ingredients: [1 14 cups halfandhalf, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 tablespoons raspberry liqueur, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, For serving: fresh fruit such as strawberries and bananas, pound cake, angel food cake, brownie bites and coconut macaroons], title: Grown Up Chocolate Fondue, picturelink: null}, 56229: {instructions: Butter each slice of bread on 1 side. Put 4 slices of bread, butter side down, into a large skillet. Top with a slice of cheese and 12 cup deviled ham. Place another slice of bread, butterside up, onto each sandwich. Cover the skillet, put it on medium heat, and cook until the bottoms are nicely browned, about 5 minutes. Turn the sandwiches over and cook until the bottoms are browned, about 3 minutes. Serve while hot.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and blend until smooth. Use as a sandwich filling or spread on crackers for a snack., ingredients: [8 slices white bread, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 slices pepper jack cheese, 2 cups Winning Deviled Ham, recipe follows, 1 pound smoked ham, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup prepared mustard, 12 cup chopped onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 tablespoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, Salt, Pepper], title: Winning Deviled Ham and Cheese Sandwich, picturelink: kTySeCQA.5u8HR1q1l5nvlq.ai7.My}, 56230: {instructions: Add coconut milk and sugar to a saucepan and stir over medium heat until sugar and salt is dissolved. Add the bananas to the pot and cook, stirring often until the bananas are integrated into the mixture. Make a slurry in a separate small bowl by gradually whisking 2 tablespoons water into the cornstarch. Whisk slurry into mixture in pot and allow to reduce and thicken until it is the consistency of yogurt. Transfer to serving dishes and chill., ingredients: [1 quart coconut milk, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 bananas, sliced, 2 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Banana Vanilla Haupia Coconut Pudding Dessert, picturelink: null}, 56231: {instructions: Preheat the broiler and brush a baking sheet with some vegetable oil. Let the ice cream sit at room temperature until soft. Chill a medium stainless steel bowl in the freezer.nScatter 2 cups of the marshmallows on the prepared baking sheet and broil, rotating the pan as needed, until very dark and toasted, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool. Scrape up the marshmallows, transfer them to a cutting board and roughly chop lightly oil the blade of your knife to help keep the marshmallows from sticking. Transfer the soft ice cream to the frozen bowl, add the chopped marshmallows and stir to combine. Transfer the ice cream to a resealable container and freeze until solid, about 3 hours. The ice cream can be made up to a day ahead.nPut the chocolate, corn syrup, vanilla and a pinch of salt in a medium bowl. Heat the cream in a microwavesafe bowl in the microwave until very hot, about 1 minute. Pour over the chocolate and let sit for 2 minutes. Stir until all the chocolate is melted and smooth. Pour into a small baking dish and refrigerate until set, about 25 minutes the chocolate mixture should still be soft and scoopable. The chocolate mixture can be made up to a day ahead.nLay the graham crackers out on a baking sheet in a single layer. Spoon a teaspoon of the chocolate mixture onto each graham cracker and gently spread it out to the edges, being careful not to break the cookies.nLet the ice cream soften slightly at room temperature. Top a graham cracker with about 14 cup of the ice cream. Sandwich with a second graham cracker, chocolateside down, and press some of the remaining untoasted marshmallows into the sides to decorate. Repeat with the remaining graham crackers and immediately freeze until solid, about 1 hour. Once frozen solid, wrap individually and freeze for up to 1 week., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for brushing, 2 12 cups vanilla ice cream, 4 cups mini marshmallows, 3 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 teaspoon light corn syrup, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt, 13 cup heavy cream, 9 graham crackers, split into 18 squares 1 sleeve], title: The Frozen Smore, picturelink: JKNO.CCkAjosRZOnv2ncvmXEENkoRK}, 56232: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Place peppers on a baking sheet and place in the oven. Roast for 20 minutes, turning occasionally, or until skin is charred and blistered. Remove the peppers from the oven and place in a bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let sit for 20 minutes. Peel the peppers and remove the stems and seeds. Place the peppers in a food processor and puree until smooth. Add garlic, goat cheese, lemon juice and sour cream to the peppers and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the mixture from the food processor and mix in the oregano. Refrigerate until ready to use. The night before the game, make the dip and cut up all the vegetables and place in plastic bags. Serve the dip with the vegetables., ingredients: [1 large red pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 ounces creamy goat cheese, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Salt, Pepper, 14 cup fresh oregano, chopped, 1 cup baby carrots, 1 cup button mushrooms, cleaned and cut in half, 1 bunch asparagus, steamed until al dente, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, cleaned, 2 cups cauliflower florets, 2 cups broccoli florets], title: Roasted Red Pepper and Goat Cheese Dip, picturelink: null}, 56233: {instructions: Cream the butter and sugar in a standard mixer equipped with a paddle attachment, just until mixed. Dont fluff up the mixture by incorporating air. The mixture should be smooth, with no lumps of butter. Add the yolks, one at a time, and process to mix just until incorporated, scraping down the bowl once. Add the flour and mix until incorporated. Scrape the bowl and mix for a few more seconds. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill for one hour or up to 3 days. The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months. This recipe will make 2 9inch tarts., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 2 egg yolks, 2 cups flour], title: Pate Sable, picturelink: null}, 56234: {instructions: Put the olive oil and butter into a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetables and toss to coat them well with the fat season with salt and pepper. Add 1 cup chicken stock and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. Add butter and toss until incorporated. To serve, pour vegetables in a large bowl and shower with mixed herbs and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 pound parsnips, peeled, cut into cubes, 1 pound carrots, peeled, cut into cubes, 1 pound turnips, split into halves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cold and cubed, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup mixed chopped fresh herbs, like chervil, parsley and thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Buttered Rooted Vegetables, picturelink: 5OJpnS5qHsJCGxPWwfXX1wPtlxX0R8K}, 56235: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, combine the yogurt, basil, Lemon Simple Syrup, and ice. Blend until smooth and frothy. Pour into frosted glasses and serve immediately.nIn a small saucepan, combine the water, sugar, and lemon zest over medium heat. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved. Take the pan off the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using., ingredients: [1 14 cups plain yogurt, 1 cup packed fresh basil leaves, 1 12 cups Lemon Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup ice, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons lemon zest], title: Sweet Basil Smoothie, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 56236: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nZest 1 lemon set zest aside. Cut the lemon in half and squeeze juice into a large bowl of water, add lemon rinds. Trim artichokes working with 1 at a time, snap off outer tough bottom leaves. Cut off upper third of artichoke. Snip remaining leaf tips with scissors. Trim long stem leaving a flat bottom. Peel stem and place in acidulated water. Gently spread artichoke leaves away from center, revealing choke. Remove choke with a spoon and discard. Place artichoke in acidulated water. Repeat with remaining artichokes.nIn a medium bowl, combine breadcrumbs, Parmigiano and Pecorino cheeses, 4 tablespoons oil, parsley, oregano, and lemon zest. Season with salt and pepper. Remove artichoke stems from water and drain well. Chop finely and stir into breadcrumb mixture.nRemove artichokes from water and drain well. Fill each artichoke with 14 of breadcrumb mixture spread leaves to allow stuffing to sit inside, and mound stuffing on top. Place 12 cup water in bottom of a 9by9inch baking dish. Fit artichokes into baking dish. Drizzle with remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake until heart is soft when pierced with the tip of a knife, 30 to 40 minutes. Remove foil bake until breadcrumbs are golden brown, about 10 minutes more. Cut remaining lemon into wedges and serve on the side., ingredients: [2 lemons, 4 medium artichokes, 3 cups fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 13 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh oregano leaves, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 56237: {instructions: In large bowl or fish bowl, pour ingredients over ice, stir and garnish with grapes and lime wedges. Serve with long straws., ingredients: [13 cup vodka, 13 cup rum, 13 cup gin, 14 cup Triple Sec, 1 12 cups grape juice, 1 12 cups lemon lime soda, 3 cups ice cubes, 1 cup red grapes, 4 lime wedges], title: The Grape Ape Bowla, picturelink: fL7UgjOfZPYLGWh1G5XVuNuAf4dBIBi}, 56238: {instructions: Preheat broiler to medium high.nCut plum tomatoes in 12 lengthwise. Squeeze or scoop out most of the pulp and seeds. Place the tomatoes flesh side up in a heat safe dish and season them with salt and pepper. In a bowl combine the bread crumbs, Parmigiano, thyme, garlic and olive oil. Season mixture with pepper and sprinkle over the tomatoes. Place tomatoes under the broiler for 5 minutes or until golden brown, ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Garlic and Herb Broiled Tomatoes, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 56239: {instructions: For the salad: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Using a sharp knife, cut the squash halves into 1inch cubes, leaving the skin intact. Add to a bowl and toss with 3 generous tablespoons of the olive oil, the thyme and season with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a large baking sheet. Roast the squash until fork tender, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool slightly.nAdd 3 cups water, the lentils, onions, garlic, lemon slices, bay leaf, red pepper flakes and some black pepper to a medium saucepot. Set over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Season with salt. Remove from the heat and drain. Discard the onions, lemons and bay leaf. Put the lentils in a large glass mixing bowl, toss with a scant tablespoon olive oil and set aside.nFor the caramelized onions: Meanwhile, place a large saute pan over high heat and add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once hot, add the sliced onions. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until starting to color, about 30 seconds. Reduce the heat to low. Caramelize, stirring occasionally, about 20 minutes the onions should be tacky and deep golden brown. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nFor the yogurt vinaigrette: In a large glass mixing bowl, whisk the white wine vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, mint, cilantro and scallions together until incorporated. Drizzle in the olive oil and whisk until smooth, about a minute. Add the yogurt and continue whisking until creamy, an additional minute. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate in an airtight container until ready for use, or up to 3 days.nTo serve: When the squash is cool enough to handle, transfer to bowl with the lentils. Drizzle in the yogurt vinaigrette and toss to coat completely. Spoon into a large serving dish and garnish with the caramelized onions., ingredients: [1 large acorn squash, halved and seeded, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups green lentils, 14 cup roughly chopped 18 inch onion, 1 medium clove garlic, smashed, 1 small lemon, sliced, 1 bay leaf, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, cut into 14inch slices, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon sliced scallions, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup Greek yogurt, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Warm Lentil and Acorn Squash Salad with Yogurt Vinaigrette, picturelink: 9nnjBEWSy5namB9dQJphxhyKM1ayie}, 56240: {instructions: Soak the red onion in a small bowl of ice water, 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the kale, 1 tablespoon vinegar and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Toss and rub with your fingers until the kale is dark green and softened, 3 to 5 minutes.nWhisk the mayonnaise, buttermilk, garlic, dill and the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar in a small bowl until smooth season with salt and pepper. Drain the red onion, pat dry and add to the bowl with the kale add the turkey, apple and half of the sunflower seeds. Drizzle with about threequarters of the dressing and toss to coat season with salt and pepper. Top with the remaining dressing, sunflower seeds and the avocado.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 large bunch kale, stems removed, leaves chopped, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup buttermilk, 1 small clove garlic, grated, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12ounce piece smoked deli turkey, chopped, 1 apple, chopped, 14 cup unsalted roasted sunflower seeds, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced], title: KaleTurkey Chopped Salad, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 56241: {instructions: Cut the tops off the pineapples and discard. With a large knife, cut the rind off the pineapples leaving as little pineapple attached as possible. Put the rinds in a pot large enough to hold them comfortably and pour in enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over low to medium heat and cook until the pineapple peel is very tender, about 30 minutes. Add water, if necessary, to keep the rinds submerged.nMeanwhile, put the onions, oregano, peppercorns, garlic, habanero or other chile pepper, vinegar, and salt in a large jar with a tightfitting lid.nStrain the pineapple liquid into the jar. If there is not enough liquid to cover the ingredients, add more water to the pineapple and boil for 20 minutes. Taste and add a little more salt andor a little vinegar, if you think it needs it. You can use it as soon as it cools, but it will get better as it sits., ingredients: [2 ripe pineapples, 12 large Spanish onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon smashed fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 20 garlic cloves, crushed, 6 habanero peppers or chile peppers of choice, stems removed, peppers coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, or as needed, 12 teaspoon salt, or as needed], title: Spicy Pineapple Vinegar  Vinagre, picturelink: null}, 56242: {instructions: TUNA AND CAPER MAYONNAISE:nIn a blender add 2 egg yolks, blend. While the motor is running, slowly add 8 ounces olive oil. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the white wine vinegar, and capers. Pulse quickly. Transfer the mayonnaise to a mixing bowl and add 1 mashed, tuna.nMix together and transfer to a mixing bowl. Refrigerate until needed.nFRIED CALAMARI:nIn a large pot heat oil to 350 degrees. Next, mix together flour, salt and cayenne pepper. Coat the calamari rings in the flour and fry until golden brown, about 30 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Serve hot with the caper mayonnaise., ingredients: [2 egg yolks, 8 ounces extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, Splash white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons rinsed capers, 1 can tuna, mashed, 2 cups vegetable oil, 2 cups all purpose flour, Salt, Cayenne pepper, 1 pound calamari rings], title: Fried Calamari with Tuna and Caper Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 56243: {instructions: Slice loaf in half, place on baking sheet and toast under broiler. Once toasted, rub with split garlic clove. Warm chicken in microwave oven. Once warm, place on bread. Top with sauce, cheese, and a sprinkle of oregano. Return sandwich to oven and broil until cheese bubbles. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 10inch, loaf of French or Italian bread, Tomato sauce, 1 clove garlic, Mozzarella cheese, Leftover chicken, Parmesan, Oregano], title: Chicken Parm Hero, picturelink: null}, 56244: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the shallots, garlic, rosemary, sugar, coriander, salt, and chile flakes. Rub the mixture on the surface of the lamb. Set the lamb in a large glass baking dish cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRinse the lamb and pat it dry. Heat a roasting pan or large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Brown the lamb on both sides.nSet the lamb on a roasting rack in the pan and roast, fat side up, until it reaches an internal temperature of 140 degrees F, about 1 12 hours. Transfer to a platter. Set the pan over medium heat and add the stock, scraping the pan drippings to dissolve them in the broth. Simmer until reduced by half.nServe the lamb with the reduced pan sauce, Tzatziki Sauce, and grilled vegetables such as eggplant, zucchini, and yellow squash tossed with red wine vinegar and olive oil.nStir together all the ingredients in a medium bowl until thoroughly combined.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 shallots, minced to yield about 34 cup, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons cracked coriander seeds, 1 12 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon red chile flakes, 1 6 pound bonein leg of lamb, 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock, Tzatziki Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups plain yogurt, Juice of 2 lemons, 1 cucumber, peeled and diced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced shallots], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Mint and Cucumber Yogurt, picturelink: null}, 56245: {instructions: Preheat oven to directions on the package and bake fries until crisp.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. To one side, add a little extravirgin olive oil and a tablespoon of butter. When butter melts, add the chopped garlic and chopped red onion and cook 5 minutes. Transfer the onions and garlic to a bowl to cool. Return pan to heat.nWring the defrosted spinach dry buy twisting it in a clean kitchen towel over your sink. Separate the spinach as you add it to the bowl with cool onions, garlic and season with 1 teaspoon of oregano. Add in feta crumbles then chicken or turkey, grill seasoning and a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil. Mix and form into 4 patties, 1inch thick. Raise heat on pan to mediumhigh. Add patties and cook 6 inches on each side.nSeason the sliced cucumbers and tomatoes with salt and pepper. Toast rolls, if you prefer.nPlace remaining chopped cucumber, the crushed clove of garlic, yogurt, 1 teaspoon oregano and juice of 12 lemon in a food processor. Add a little salt and process the sauce until smooth. Transfer to a small dish and serve with the fries as a dipping sauce. Rinse out the processor bowl and return to base.nPlace red peppers, parsley and olives in food processor, season with salt and pepper and process until a paste forms. Place cooked burgers on roll bottoms. Top the burgers with sliced cucumber, tomato, reserved red onions, shredded arugula and hot peppers, if using. Slather roll tops with red pepper and olive paste and serve with chips of choice., ingredients: [Hot pepper rings or pepperoncini, optional, 1 package storebought frozen fries, any variety, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, plus some for drizzling, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 cloves garlic, 2 chopped, 1 crushed, 1 red onion, 12 chopped, 12 thinly sliced, 1 box, 10 ounces, frozen spinach, defrosted, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, lightly crushed in the palm, divided, 14 pound feta crumbles, 1 13 pounds ground chicken or ground turkey breast, 1 package, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 13 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced lengthwise, plus 1 small, 2inch piece of cucumber peeled, trimmed and chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced lengthwise, Salt and pepper, 1 12 to 2 cups good quality plain yogurt, look for Greek yogurt, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup arugula, coarsely chopped or shredded, 4 crusty rolls, split, 2 roasted red peppers, drained, 14 cup flatleaf parsley, a generous handful, 14 cup 10 to 12 pitted kalamata olives], title: Chicken or Turkey Spanakopita Burgers and Fries with Yogurt Dip, picturelink: null}, 56246: {instructions: Tear all the chiles into large pieces and toast them in a large dry skillet over medium heat until they change color a bit, about 2 minutes. Add the spices and continue to toast for 2 to 3 minutes until everything is fragrant. Remove from heat and carefully add about 1 cup of hot water to just cover the chiles. Turn the heat to low and simmer for about 15 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Put the quartered tomatoes, sliced onion, and whole garlic cloves onto a roasting tray, spreading out evenly. Drizzle with plenty of olive oil and season well with salt and pepper and sprinkle with cilantro sprigs. Broil until everything is nicely charred, about 10 minutes you want lots of deep rich color so dont be afraid if some of the edges get pretty black.nAdd the chile mixture to a blender and puree. Remove the tomatoonion mixture from the roasting pan and carefully add it to the blender, it will be hot. Blend until smooth you may need to work in 2 batches. Once everything is pureed, pour the mixture back into the pot over low heat adding a little water if the salsa is too thick. Stir in the sugar and lime juice and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer to a large serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 dried ancho chile, stemmed and seeded, 1 dried Anaheim chile, stemmed and seeded, 2 dried chipotle chiles, stemmed and seeded, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 cup hot water, 8 plum tomatoes, quartered, 1 medium Spanish onion, sliced, 3 garlic cloves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sprigs cilantro, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 lime, juiced], title: Salsa Roja, picturelink: yDeYZG4iC8qezVbQPDErlSEgfxh5bi}, 56247: {instructions: Special equipment: Lollipop collar molds Silicone baking matnIf you have lollipop collar molds, lay them on a silicone baking matlined sheet pan, fit them with sticks, and place 1 piece of candy corn in each collar. Or, just lay out the sticks in rows on a silpat mat, leaving 3 inches of space between them and place a piece of candy corn above the stick.nCombine the sugar, corn syrup, and water in a clean, dry small saucepan preferably 1 with a pouring spout fitted with a candy thermometer, and bring to a boil over high heat. Without stirring, cook until the mixture reaches 305 degrees F or hard crack stage on the candy thermometer. While the syrup is cooking, occasionally wash down the sides of the pan with a clean brush dipped in water, to prevent crystallization.nWhen the mixture is done, remove the pot from the heat and dip it into an ice bath for 15 seconds to stop the cooking. Add the extract and food coloring and stir very gently with a wooden skewer so that the color is evenly distributed. To avoid air bubbles in the finished lollipops, stir the mixture gently in both directions, but be careful not to over mix.nPour or carefully spoon the syrup into the molds or just over the sticks and candy corns, if not using collars, to make a quartersized disk. Cool until hard, at least 20 minutes.nLift the suckers off the mat and remove from the molds. Slip plastic bags over the lollipops and gather the bag shut with a plastic spider finger ring. Store in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [6 or 8inch lollipop sticks, as needed, Candy corns, as needed, 2 cups sugar, 23 cup corn syrup, 23 cup water, 14 teaspoon orange or lemon extract, Few drops orange or yellow food coloring, Small plastic bags, as needed, Plastic spider finger rings, as needed], title: Candy Corn Suckers, picturelink: pzb0rKRifLWh9UQz5rV2QS8ptlAt9Hu}, 56248: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil from the sundried tomatoes in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the wine and sundried tomatoes and simmer until the liquid reduces by half, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Drain, reserving 12 cup of cooking liquid. Add the pasta to the tomato mixture and toss to coat, adding some reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Season the pasta, to taste, with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with the goat cheese and parsley and stir. Mound the pasta into bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 10ounce jar sundried tomatoes packed in oil, chopped oil reserved, 1 small onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 14 cup tomato paste, 23 cup dry white wine, 8 ounces angel hair pasta, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces soft fresh goat cheese, coarsely crumbled, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Angel Hair with Sundried Tomatoes and Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 56249: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat your oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nSprinkle flour on a work surface. Roll out pie dough to form a 10inch circle and place on baking sheet. Overlap and alternate the different tomatoes and mozzarella slices in the center of the dough, leaving a 3inch border. Scatter the basil leaves on top. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and red pepper flakes. Fold the uncovered edges of the dough inward over the filling to create a pleated crust. Brush edges and top of pie with olive oil.nPlace in the oven and bake for 35 minutes. Remove from the oven to a cutting board. Slice and serve., ingredients: [Flour, for dusting work surface, One 9inch readymade refrigerated rolled pie crust, 2 large yellow tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 1 red tomato, sliced 14inch thick, 8 ounces mozzarella, sliced, 14 cup chiffonade basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Ginas Summer Tomato Pie, picturelink: BTlpk1yGAM8dh84Rbhkl16UxB4xi9oC}, 56250: {instructions: Rub the salt, pepper and pepper flakes into the ribs and place into a glass baking dish. Pour the vinegar over the ribs and cover with plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight, rotating the ribs in the vinegar twice.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees. Drain the vinegar from the baking dish and roast the ribs for 1 12 hours. Increase oven temperature to 400 degrees. Remove ribs from oven and brush with some barbecue sauce. Return ribs to oven and roast for another 30 minutes or until tender. Serve ribs with extra barbecue sauce., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 slab pork ribs, 3 pounds, 1 12 cups white vinegar], title: Barbecued Pork Ribs, picturelink: null}, 56251: {instructions: Dressing: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the eggs and cook for 5 minutes. Remove the eggs from the water and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the shells and cut each egg in half. Put the yolks into a blender yolks will still be slightly soft. Add the mayonnaise, Worcestershire sauce, steak sauce, hot sauce and vinegar. Pulse until blended. With the machine running, drizzle in the oil and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPut the lettuce and cheese in a wooden salad bowl. Add the dressing and gently toss to coat. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: Save the boiled egg whites to make egg salad, if desired., ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon steak sauce recommended: A1 Sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 teaspoon red wine vinegar, 12 cup corn oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1pound head romaine lettuce, leaves separated and left whole, 14 cup grated Cotija or Parmesan], title: The Original Caesar, picturelink: TJdOeFVB9VaG77URYU8uaQwNDixxij.}, 56252: {instructions: Place 12 2 34inch round, 1 12inch tall steel individual cake rings on a parchment lined sheet pan. Alternatively, you can use 1 large 9inch round, 2 12inch tall metal dessert ring.nCut 12 circles from the chocolate butter sheet cake and put 1 in the bottom of each metal ring. Using a pastry brush, moisten each cake with Raspberry Simple Syrup. Arrange 3 or 4 fresh raspberries inside the rings on top of the cake circles.nMelt the chocolate and 7 ounces of the butter in the top of a double boiler, over gently boiling water upper pan should not touch water. Remove from the double boiler but keep the mixture warm and liquid.nWhip the cream until it comes to soft peaks that hold their shape. Refrigerate until needed.nWhisk the remaining 2 ounces of butter with the eggs, sugar, and raspberry liqueur in a medium bowl. Place over gently boiling water the bowl should not touch water. Cook, whisking constantly, for 5 to 10 minutes, until the mixture reaches 160 degrees F on a thermometer. Immediately remove from the heat and with an electric mixer, whip at high speed for about 5 minutes, until cool to touch.nWhisk the egg mixture into the melted chocolate and butter. Fold in the whipped cream, mixing until no streaks of white remain.nUsing a pastry bag or a large spoon, fill the prepared metal rings with the chocolate mousse, covering the raspberries. With a flat knife, smooth the mousse to make it level with tops of the rings. Cover and refrigerate at least 8 hours, until firm.nTo remove from mold, warm the sides of the rings by wrapping briefly with a hot towel, or use propane torch to heat sides so they release. Wrap a chocolate band around each torte, if desired. You can also decorate by arranging fresh raspberries, chocolate truffles, chocolate shards, or chocolate leaves on top.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nBrush the sides of a 12 by16inch sheet pan with melted butter, and dust lightly with flour, or spray with cooking spray. Line the bottom with a rectangle of parchment or waxed paper.nCream the butter in a bowl, using an electric mixer until it is very light and aerated. Add the egg yolks, a few at a time, stopping to scrape the bowl in between additions. Add the melted chocolate, scraping the bowl again, beating until the chocolate is incorporated.nWhip the egg whites and cream of tartar in a clean bowl, using an electric mixer. When they are frothy, gradually add the sugar, whipping until soft peaks form. Fold the whites into the yolk mixture.nSift the flour onto the batter and gently fold it in. Spread evenly into the prepared pan. Bake 10 to 15 minutes, until the cake is just set and a light crust has formed on the top. Cool.nHeat the sugar and water in a small saucepan, gently swirling the pan until the sugar dissolves. Cook just until the syrup is clear: do not boil. Stir in raspberry sauce and the liqueur, if using.nIn a blender or a food processor, puree the raspberries with the sugar, lemon juice and liqueur. Strain through a fine sieve to remove the seeds. Refrigerate., ingredients: [Chocolate butter sheet cake, recipe follows, Raspberry simple syrup, recipe follows, 1 pint fresh raspberries plus 1 pint fresh raspberries for optional garnish, 10 ounces very bittersweet 70 per cent cocoa liquor chocolate, chopped in 1inch pieces, 7 ounces 14 tablespoons plus 2 ounces 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 14cup fine quality raspberry flavored liqueur, such as Chambord, 5 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 7 eggs separated, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup less 2 tablespoons 7 ounces sugar, 1 cup and 2 tablespoons 4 ounces sifted cake flour, 14 cup sugar, 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons raspberry sauce, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon fine quality raspberryflavored liqueur, optional, 2 cups raspberries fresh or frozen, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons freshsqueezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon raspberryflavored liqueur], title: Chocolate Raspberry Marquess, picturelink: null}, 56253: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHalve the tomatoes and add them to a large zipper bag with the sliced red onion. Add the olive oil, balsamic, parsley, pesto, sugar, garlic and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Seal the bag, getting all the air out. Place into the fridge until ready for dinner.nPlace the iceberg lettuce in a large bowl and pour on the tomatoes. Toss and serve The dressing from the tomatoes becomes the salad dressing., ingredients: [1 pint red grape tomatoes, 1 pint yellow grape tomatoes, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 1 heaping tablespoon jarred pesto, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 clove garlic, pressed, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into chunks], title: QuickMarinated Cherry Tomato Salad, picturelink: 4sF3RS8x4CnMmB5b7KLry9ADQWqBhi}, 56254: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nInto a buttered shallow baking dish place blackberries. Sprinkle with 13 cup sugar.nIn the bowl of a food processor combine flour baking powder and salt. Add butter and pulse to create lumpy mixture. Add cream and pulse until dough forms. Dough will be soft. Spoon dough over blackberries.nMelt remaining 2 tablespoons butter and drizzle over mounds of dough. Sprinkle with remaining 13 cup sugar.nBake about 30 to 40 minutes or until dough and fruit are cooked through and dough is lightly browned.nServe with whipped sweetened cream., ingredients: [2 12 cups blackberries, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, whipped, sweetened], title: Blackberry Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 56255: {instructions: There are 2 ways to cook the eggplants. The first way, on the stovetop, is my favorite because it yields a much smokierflavored babaganoush.nFor the stovetop method: Turn 2 burners up fullthrottle. Place 1 eggplant on each burner and, using a pair of tongs, turn every 5 minutes or so, until the entire surface of eggplant is charred and crispy, about 15 minutes. Dont worry if the eggplant deflates a little. Remove from the burner and place on a plate to cool.nFor the oven method: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Prick the eggplants all over with a fork this keeps the eggplant from exploding in the oven, so dont skip this step. Place on a baking sheet and roast until softened, about 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool.nRegardless of the cooking method you choose, once the eggplant is cool enough to touch with your hands, carefully peel the charred skin off the eggplant. Discard the skin. Move the flesh onto your chopping board, slice off the stem and discard. Using your knife, mince the flesh until almost smooth. Scoop into a bowl.nAdd the lemon juice, tahini, parsley, and a little salt and pepper. Whisk together and taste for seasoning. Feel free to add more lemon juice, more salt and pepper... it will vary depending on the size of your eggplant, and how you like your ganoush Serve with pita chips., ingredients: [2 large eggplants, 1 lemon, juiced, 23 cup tahini sesame seed paste, available in the international aisle at the supermarket, 12 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pita chips, for dipping], title: Middle Eastern FireRoasted Eggplant Dip: Babaganoush, picturelink: OPuqnPPAfVEGv8A7kwJvHGPdYdmxEe}, 56256: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the greens off the beets and slice them into 12inch pieces reserve. Trim and discard the beet stems. Combine the beets, 2 tablespoons of the oil, 1 teaspoon salt, some pepper, 5 of the thyme sprigs and the garlic cloves on a baking sheet. Cover with foil and roast for 30 to 35 minutes, until easily pierced with a paring knife. Set aside to cool completely.nMeanwhile, toast the pistachios in the oven for 5 minutes. Let cool.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan or lidded deep skillet over medium heat. Add the farro and toast for 2 minutesthe color will darken slightly and the farro will acquire a nutty fragrance. Add 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt and the remaining 5 thyme sprigs. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cover and cook for 25 minutes, or until al dente cooked but still firm to the bite. Drain the farro well and pour into a serving bowl.nWhile the farro is still hot, add the beet greens, tossing to allow the heat to wilt the greens. Set aside to cool completely.nWith a paper towel, remove the skins from the beets. Quarter the beets and add them to the bowl with the farro. Fold in the toasted pistachios.nSqueeze the roasted garlic into a small bowl. Mash with a fork and season with salt and pepper. Add the vinegar and then whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Adjust the seasoning as desired.nPour the dressing over the salad and toss gently to combine. Top with the crumbled goat cheese., ingredients: [8 ounces baby red beets with greens, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 sprigs thyme, 2 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 13 cup pistachios, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup Italian pearled farro, rinsed and drained, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled.], title: Farro, Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad, picturelink: CQKaWkMiDWqCmrKXUtzrrU2e.d75Z6K}, 56257: {instructions: In a small saucepan combine potatoes with water to cover and boil until tender, about 10 minutes. Add beans and simmer 2 minutes. Drain mixture well, reserving about 13 cup cooking water, and force through a ricer or food mill back into pan. Stir in 1 tablespoon oil, about 13 garlic paste, salt and pepper, to taste, and enough reserved cooking water to reach desired consistency and keep warm.nIn a shallow dish, dredge lamb medallions in flour, shaking off excess. In a heavy skillet, heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute lamb about 3 minutes on each side for mediumrare meat. Transfer the lamb to a plate and keep warm.nTo the skillet, add shallots and remaining garlic paste, and cook over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Deglaze skillet with wine over high heat, scraping up browned bits, and boil until reduced by about half. Stir in mustard, broth, and cream and simmer until thickened. Stir in parsley.nDivide puree between 4 plates and top with lamb and sauce., ingredients: [2 medium baking potatoes, like russets about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 2 cups drained canned white beans, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, minced and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 8 1inchthick loin lamb chops, boned and tied, Allpurpose flour seasoned with salt and pepper, for dredging, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallot about 4 large, 12 cup dry red wine, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 23 cup chicken or beef broth, 14 cup, plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 2 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves], title: Lamb Medallions with WhiteBean Potato Puree and RedWine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56258: {instructions: Preheat a grill. Butter 2 slices of rye bread. Place the bread, buttered side down, on the grill and cook until bread is toasted. Place corned beef on the grill and top with sauerkraut and swiss cheese. Steam all together on the grill. Then when your bread is good and grilled, assemble together. Serve it with Russian Dressing and deli mustard., ingredients: [2 slices Russian rye bread, Butter, 5 ounces corned beef, 2 12 ounces sauerkraut, 2 slices swiss cheese, Russian Dressing, Deli mustard], title: Mothers Son Rueben, picturelink: null}, 56259: {instructions: Arrange the spinach on salad plates or a large serving platter. Top with the chicken, strawberries, kiwi slices, and cashews.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the dressing ingredients. Pour over the salad and serve., ingredients: [6 cups baby spinach or lettuce leaves, 1 pound cubed cooked chicken, 1 cup hulled and sliced fresh strawberries, 2 kiwis, peeled and cut crosswise into 14inchthick slices, 12 cup salted dryroasted cashews, 12 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons honey mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: ChickenSpinach Salad with Strawberries, Kiwi and Cashews in HoneySesame Dressing, picturelink: null}, 56260: {instructions: Top the French fries with chili, and then add dollops of the Pimento Cheese. Dig innIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add the cheese, mayonnaise, cayenne, garlic powder, onion powder, cream cheese, pimentos and jalapenos if using. Beat on medium speed until combined. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 cups French fries, hot, 1 cup homemade or storebought chili, hot, 34 cup Pimento Cheese, recipe follows, 3 cups shredded extrasharp Cheddar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon onion powder, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Two 4ounce jars diced pimentos, drained, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pimento Cheese Chili Fries, picturelink: null}, 56261: {instructions: Combine the peanuts and honey in a small bowl and season with salt, to taste. Set aside.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the butter, sugar and cinnamon, stirring to combine until the sugar melts, about 3 minutes. Add the bananas and saute until a thick caramel coats the bananas and they begin to soften, about 3 to 5 minutes. Divide the ice cream evenly among serving bowls, spoon honey nuts over the ice cream and top with a light sprinkle of sea salt. Add the rum to the pan with the bananas and carefully ignite with a torch lighter, match, or by gently tipping the pan into the burner flame. Shake the pan until the flames subside. Spoon the bananas over ice cream and peanuts and serve., ingredients: [1 cup roasted unsalted peanuts, 1 cup honey, Sea salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 6 firm bananas, sliced, 6 to 8 scoops good quality vanilla ice cream, 4 tablespoons dark rum recommended: Myerss], title: Flaming Bananas Foster with Vanilla Ice Cream and Honey Sea Salt Peanuts, picturelink: null}, 56262: {instructions: Set a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Generously coat a 12slot muffin tin with nonstick vegetable spray.nInto a large bowl, sift the flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt together three times. In a mixing bowl, beat the butter and sugar together at high speed for 15 seconds, until combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Continue beating until light and fluffy, about 6 minutes more. With the mixer on its lowest setting, beat in a third of the flour mixture. Beat in the buttermilk and vanilla, then another third of the flour. Beat in the coffee and then the remaining flour. Fill the cups of the muffin tin twothirds full and bake for 15 minutes, or until the centers spring back when lightly pressed and a cake tester comes out clean. Set the pan on a rack to cool. With a small knife, carefully carve a 1inchround by 1inchdeep plug out of the bottoms of the cupcakesyoure going to need the plug to refill the hole, so dont chuck it out. Fill with vanilla cream. Cut a 14inch disk off the cake plug and cover the exposed cream. Dunk the cupcakes into the frosting to coat, then place on a rack, frosted side up. Transfer to the refrigerator for 20 minutes to set before serving.nWith an electric mixer, beat together the vegetable shortening and butter until blended. Turn the mixer down to its lowest setting and gradually add the confectioners sugar. Turn the mixer back up and beat a high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. At a drizzle, gradually beat in the vanilla and corn syrup until the filling is the consistency of mayonnaise, about 2 minutes more. Scrape the vanilla cream frosting into a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch plain tip.nPut the chocolate in a small bowl. In a small saucepan, over medium heat, bring the cream just to the simmering point. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and, working from the center out, gently stir with a whisk to melt the chocolate and blend until smooth., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable spray for coating muffin tin, 1 14 cups cake flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder recommended: Dutchprocessed, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup coffee, brewed strong and hot, Vanilla Cream Filling, recipe follows, Ganache Frosting, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup light corn syrup, 5 ounces semisweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 34 cup heavy cream], title: CreamFilled Devils Food Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 56263: {instructions: Strip the zest from the oranges with a vegetable peeler, making sure not to peel away any of the white pith. Cut the zest into 18inch shreds with a sharp knife. Place shredded zest in a small saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a boil over low heat. Drain zest, discard cooking water and place zest in a bowl cover zest with cold water and set aside.nCombine the sugar and the water in a medium saucepan, bring it to a boil and cook the syrup until it thickens slightly about 3 minutes.nWhile the syrup is cooking, peel the oranges to expose the flesh. Lower the heat on the syrup and cook the oranges 1 or 2 they should be submerged in the syrupif not, switch to a smaller saucepan at a time for 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the oranges from the syrup with a slotted spoon and place in a serving bowl.nAdd the shredded zest to the syrup and cook the zest for two minutes, or until the zest is translucent. Remove the zest from the syrup and scatter over the oranges. Chill the oranges and sprinkle with orange liqueur just before serving., ingredients: [8 seedless oranges, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup water, 14 cup orange liqueur, such as Cointreau or Grand Marnier], title: Italian Poached Oranges, picturelink: null}, 56264: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a heavy skillet, add the oil and heat over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, carrot, celery, and garlic. Cook, stirring often until vegetables are soft, about 8 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle.nIn a large bowl combine the sauteed vegetables, ground beef, chorizo, and diced poblano chile.nIn a medium bowl, combine the salt, pepper, cayenne, cumin, and eggs. Add the ketchup and sour cream. Mix well with a fork and pour it on top of the mixed meats. Sprinkle with bread crumbs and mix thoroughly with clean hands.nPut the mixture into a 9 by 13inch loafpan. Bake until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the meatloaf registers 160 degrees F, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the oven and carefully pour off any accumulated pan juices.nMeanwhile, heat a heavy skillet over high heat. Add the whole tomatoes, onion, garlic cloves, and serrano chiles. Cook, turning frequently, until lightly charred on all sides. Peel the garlic cloves. Add all the charred ingredients to a blender. Pulse until chunky, then pour into a small skillet. Stir in the sugar, chipotle chile and mustard. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat. Cook until slightly thickened, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt, to taste.nSlice the meatloaf and arrange on a platter. Spoon the salsaglaze over the meatloaf and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 medium carrot, finely chopped, 1 rib finely chopped celery, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 pound ground beef, 6 ounces soft Mexican chorizo, removed from casing and crumbled, 1 poblano chile, roasted, peeled, and diced, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 eggs, well beaten, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup sour cream or Mexican sour cream, 12 cup dried bread crumbs, 2 medium tomatoes, cored, 14 medium white onion, 2 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 1 to 3 serrano chiles, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, minced, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, Kosher salt], title: Mexican Meatloaf, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 56265: {instructions: Process the ricotta and sugar in a food processor until smooth.nFinely chop the nougat or wrap in a teatowel and smash with a rolling pin until broken into small pieces.nWhip the cream until soft peaks form. Combine the ricotta mixture, nougat, cream and zests in a bowl and mix well. Pour into a 2liter mold that has been rinsed in cold water. Freeze until set. Turn out onto a platter and serve cut into slices with lime slices or fresh seasonal fruits., ingredients: [700 g 1 lb 9 oz ricotta, 300 g 10 12 oz sugar, 300 g 10 12 oz brittle nougat with almonds purchased, 500 ml 2 cups cream, finely grated zest of half a lemon, finely grated zest of 1 lime], title: Lemon Nougat Semifreddo, picturelink: WPQm4B033Ol7xd79T9PwhqgY9.jLNx2}, 56266: {instructions: HEAT butter in a 4quart saucepot. Saute carrot, onion and celery until tender. Remove from heat and blend in flour.nADD curry powder, salt, chicken broth, Worcestershire sauce, peanut butter and evaporated milk. Puree mixture in batches using a blender or food processor.nRETURN soup to pot bring to boil. Simmer until thickened. Stir in fresh parsley. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Garnish with additional parsley., ingredients: [2 tbsps. butter, 34 cup shredded carrots, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 chopped celery, 14 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 tsp. curry powder, 14 tsp. salt, 2 cans 14.5 oz. chicken broth, 2 tsps. Worcestershire sauce, 34 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 1 12 oz. can PETu00ae Evaporated Milk, 1 tbsp. chopped fresh parsley, plus additional for garnish], title: Curried Peanut Soup, picturelink: OQjL2nyfaMvuOEHUqabuIFvXxJobke}, 56267: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill or grill pan and place the lettuce wedges on a platter.nPrepare the vinaigrette by briskly whisking together the Dijon, vinegar, and garlic. Drizzle in the olive oil while whisking to create an emulsion. Add the sugar and blue cheese, and whisk gently to mix. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Lightly oil the tomato slices, and season with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred on the outside and then transfer to the platter with the lettuce wedges. Pour the vinaigrette over the lettuce and tomato and top with bacon and red onion., ingredients: [1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 4 wedges, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons blue cheese, crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pint grape tomatoes, 2 strips bacon, cooked until crispy and crumbled, 14 cup finely diced red onion], title: Wedge Salad with Grilled Grape Tomatoes and Blue Cheese Vinaigrette, picturelink: YJUVKWLMehNM.7m2tAMREpy8P0ms5VG}, 56268: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 250 degrees F.nRemove ham from bag, rinse and drain thoroughly. Place ham, cut side down, in a roasting pan. Using a small paring knife or clean utility knife set to the smallest blade setting, score the ham from bottom to top, spiraling clockwise as you cut. If youre using a paring knife, be careful to only cut through the skin and first few layers of fat. Rotate the ham after each cut so that the scores are no more than 2inches across. Once youve made it all the way around, move the knife to the other hand and repeat, spiraling counter clockwise. The aim is to create a diamond pattern all over the ham. Dont worry too much about precision here.nTent the ham with heavy duty foil, insert a thermometer, and cook for 3 to 4 hours or until the internal temperature at the deepest part of the meat registers 130 degrees F.nRemove and use tongs to pull away the diamonds of skin and any sheets of fat that come off with them.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nDab dry with paper towels, then brush on a liberal coat of mustard, using either a basting brush or a clean paint brush clean as in nevertouched paint. Sprinkle on brown sugar, packing loosely as you go until the ham is coated. Spritz this layer lightly with bourbon, then loosely pack on as much of the crushed cookies as you can.nInsert the thermometer dont use the old hole and return to the oven uncovered. Cook until interior temperature reaches 140 degrees F, approximately 1 hour.nLet the roast rest for 12 hour before carving.nCooks note: A city ham is basically any brined ham thats packed in a plastic bag, held in a refrigerated case and marked ready to cook, partially cooked or ready to serve. Better city hams are also labeled ham in natural juices., ingredients: [1 city style brined ham, hock end, 14 cup brown mustard, 2 cups dark brown sugar, 1ounce bourbon poured into a spritz bottle, 2 cups crushed ginger snap cookies], title: City Ham, picturelink: 9jKIS513y6e1O7wPG8lykpzVJzVOW}, 56269: {instructions: In a shot glass pour Chambourd. Over an inverted teaspoon slowly pour in Baileys. The Baileys should remain on top separated from the Chambourd., ingredients: [12 ounce Chambourd, 12 ounce Baileys Irish Creme], title: Double Cherry Kiss, picturelink: null}, 56270: {instructions: Melt 13 cup butter with 1 tablespoon honey and a pinch of salt. Toss with 12 cups popcorn and 1 cup pecans. Spread on a parchmentlined baking sheet and bake 15 minutes at 325 degrees F, tossing. Cool., ingredients: [], title: Caramel Popcorn, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 56271: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven 425 degrees F.nPlace olives in food processor and grate in garlic, add cream cheese and ricotta cheese. Pulse the cheese and olives into a fairly smooth spread. Transfer to a serving bowl and top with hazelnuts. Toast the bread on a baking sheet 5 to 10 minutes to lightly crisp. Surround the spread with bread, pita crisps and celery., ingredients: [1 cup large olives with pimiento, 1 clove garlic, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 12 cup chopped hazelnuts, toasted, 1 sliced wholegrain baguette, Parmesan pita crisps, storebought, 1 celery heart, cut into sticks], title: Olive and Garlic Soft Cheese Spread with WholeGrain Baguette, picturelink: KGX9bDhPq7LmNT4kQW4q6nqgJvtDSNi}, 56272: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl sift flour, baking soda, and baking powder together. Add remaining ingredients and blend well. Dough should be soft. Roll dough out onto a floured surface until approximately 14inch thick. Cut dough into desired shapes and bake on a slightly greased sheet for 10 to 12 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 12 cup buttermilk, 12 pound 2 sticks butter, softened, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Southern Tea Cakes, picturelink: null}, 56273: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace all the garlic cloves on a piece of aluminum foil and drizzle with olive oil. Wrap the garlic in foil and bake in the oven for 45 minutes. Remove the garlic from the oven, and when cool enough to handle, squeeze the roasted garlic from the skins.nTo make the ravioli, place the white wine, chicken stock, lemon juice, fennel, red onions, and carrots in a medium pan, add salt, and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the artichokes, cover the pot, and simmer until the artichokes are tender.nOnce the artichokes are tender, remove the pot from heat and let the mixture cool. Remove all of the vegetables and mix with the ricotta in a large bowl.nSpread out the pasta sheets onto a working surface. Using a tablespoon, spoon the vegetable mixture onto the pasta leaving approximately 2inches between each ravioli. Top the ravioli with another layer of pasta, and using a 4inch cookie cutter, cut out the shapes, and seal each ravioli.nIn a large pot with boiling water, cook the raviolis for approximately 6 minutes.nTo make the sauce, place the garlic and chicken stock in a pan and simmer until garlic is soft. Add the cream and reduce to a thick sauce consistency. Add the parsley to the sauce and place in a blender until sauce is smooth.nIn a hot skillet, sear each fillet for approximately 1 minute on each side. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, place the raviolis on the center of the plate. Top the ravioli with the seared bass and drizzle the parsley garlic sauce around the plate., ingredients: [4 heads garlic, 2 ounces olive oil, 2 ounces white wine, 6 ounces chicken stock, 2 ounces lemon juice, 1 head fennel, peeled and chopped, 1 red onion, diced, 5 carrots, peeled and diced, 6 artichoke bottoms, cooked and diced small, 8 ounces ricotta, Ravioli pasta, store bought, 2 heads garlic, peeled, 16 ounces chicken stock, 8 ounces heavy cream, 8 sprigs parsley, 4 6ounce sea bass steaks], title: Garlic Ravioli with Parsley Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56274: {instructions: In a large pot, bring salted water to a boil. Add the Brussels sprouts and blanch, about 1 minute until bright green.nIn a saute pan, add butter, caraway seeds and cracked black pepper. Melt butter until browned.nDrain the Brussels sprout leaves and toss into butter mixture to coat. Season with salt and lemon juice and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, cored and leaves removed, 1 gallon salted boiling water, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, Pinch cracked black pepper, Pinch salt, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Brown Butter Sauteed Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: 5d0YwhnQBtvuBvYRp3GJbNOmiL7tW}, 56275: {instructions: Heat the oven to 325 degrees. If using toast, cut a hole in the center about the size of an egg yolk. Butter the bread slice and spread it with cottage cheese. Place it in a small baking dish. Break the egg over the hole in the bread slice. Spoon the buttermilk over the egg. Bake until the white is set and the yolk firm but not solid, about 8 minutes. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 slice whole wheat toast or thin slice toasted bagel, 12 teaspoon unsalted butter, or 1 tablespoon lowfat cottage cheese, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon nonfat or lowfat buttermilk, halfandhalf or cream, Salt and pepper], title: Baked Egg on Toast, picturelink: null}, 56276: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch and 2 tablespoons of the milk, and stir to dissolve cornstarch. In a medium saucepan, heat remaining milk with the lemon peel, vanilla bean and seeds, and cinnamon stick, stirring. Just before milk comes to a boil, turn off the heat, cover pan and set aside.nIn a large, heavy saucepan whisk together the eggs, sugar and reserved cornstarch mixture. Remove lemon peel from the milk, and slowly add the milk and cinnamon stick to the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Place pan over low heat, and cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove the cinnamon stick and discard.nStrain the custard into a large measuring cup or bowl with a pouring spout, then pour the strained custard into 6 ovenproof ramekins. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nJust before serving, heat a flat metal spatula over a hot gas flame. Sprinkle about 1 tablespoon of sugar over each custard, and then touch the surface of the sugar with the hot spatula just long enough to caramelize it. Alternative methods for caramelizing are to place ramekins under a broiler, or use a small blowtorch., ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 quart whole milk, Peel of 1 lemon, left in 1 or 2 pieces, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise and seeds scraped, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, plus extra for caramelizing], title: Crema Catalana, picturelink: null}, 56277: {instructions: Set a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees.nSift flour, baking soda and salt, once then set aside. With an electric mixer set at medium speed, beat butter until soft and light. Add sugar and continue beating until very light, about 5 minutes. Beat in chocolate, then eggs, 1 at a time. Continue beating until light and smooth.nBeat in half the sour cream, then half the flour mixture, scraping bowl and beaters. Repeat with remaining sour cream and flour mixture, scraping again. Combine vanilla and boiling water and gently beat into batter. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for about 45 minutes, until firm and well risen. Cool in pan on rack for 5 minutes, then unmold and cool on a rack. For the frosting, combine all ingredients in bowl of mixer. Whisk to combine then place over a pan of simmering water, gently whisking until mixture is hot and sugar is dissolved. Use electric mixer on medium speed to beat until cooled, but not dry. To finish, cover top and side of cake with frosting, swirling it from the center outward., ingredients: [2 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 2 12 cups dark brown sugar, 3 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, melted and cooled, 3 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup boiling water, 3 large egg whites, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup light corn syrup, Pinch salt, 1 10inch springform pan, buttered and the bottom lined with parchment or waxed paper], title: OldFashioned Devils Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 56278: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: Hickory chips, saturated and charcoal briquettes, saturated.nRibs:nFor the dry rub: Add the salt, paprika, chile powder, garlic powder and brown sugar to a bowl and stir until thoroughly incorporated. Keep the rub in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nFor the ribs: Rinse and dry the ribs. Put them on a clean cutting board and pull off the thin fatty skin that lines the underside of the ribs. Trim the ribs of all excess fat. Reserve 2 tablespoons peach rub 1 for ribs and 1 for sauce, then liberally sprinkle each side with the remaining rub and wrap the ribs in plastic. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours so the flavors can permeate the meat.nFill a grill with the chips and briquettes and preheat them to 250 degrees F. Put the ribs, meatierside down, over indirect heat and cook for 3 hours with the grill cover down. Turn the slabs and cook until the ribs bend easily, about 1 hour. At this point, remove them from the grill. Sprinkle the slabs with 1 tablespoon reserved peach rub and slice it into portions. Cut each slab into individual ribs and coat with Ginas Peach BBQ Sauce. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and shallots and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Season with salt, pepper and peach rub. Stir with a wooden spoon until fragrant. Stir in the ketchup, peach nectar, apple cider vinegar, mustard, Worcestershire and lemon juice. Bring the ingredients to a boil, and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Let cook until thickened, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Adjust the seasonings if necessary, and enjoy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar, 2 3pound slabs pork spare ribs, 2 cups Ginas Peach BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small shallot, diced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon reserved peach dry rub, 2 cups ketchup, 2 cups peach nectar, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Pats Ribs with Peach BBQ Sauce, picturelink: aIYstYFIMxfYpz8E74QHRXmJ29jiL6}, 56279: {instructions: Place 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large pan and cook onions and cabbage over medium high heat just until tender. Remove from heat, drain excess liquid, and reserve.nWhisk the eggs in a bowl and mix in soy sauce, spices, drained cabbage mixture, and bamboo shoots.nUsing a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons vegetable oil and heat. Ladle about 4 ounces of the cabbage mixture into the hot pan, as you would for pancakes, and sprinkle the small shrimp evenly on top of each. Cook for about 3 minutes, or until edges start to brown and when jiggled, it slides in the pan. Flip and cook another 2 to 3 minutes until cooked through. Garnish with scallions., ingredients: [4 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup yellow onion, chopped, 2 cups shredded cabbage, 6 eggs, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup sliced bamboo shoots, 12 cup cooked small salad shrimp, or large dice medium cooked shrimp, 2 tablespoons green onion tops, sliced, for garnish], title: Shrimp Egg Foo Young, picturelink: nY8asMWfETHWQK9L2dxDGFNBQdOKD4u}, 56280: {instructions: Slice eggs in half crosswise. Separate the whites from the yolks. Slice the egg whites into ringlets and set aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the yolks and cold water until the yolks are dissolved. Whisk in the oil, salt, sugar, and mustard until combined well. Add the vinegars.nToss the greens with the dressing. Transfer to a serving bowl. Place scallions around the outside and top with the egg white ringlets., ingredients: [2 eggs, hardboiled, 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons oil, Salt to taste, 1 teaspoon powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon mustard, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons tarragon vinegar, 1 pound mixed greens lettuce, chervil, watercress, etc., 1 cup scallions, sliced on the diagonal], title: Garden Salad, picturelink: null}, 56281: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and mist with cooking spray.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the puff pastry into a 14inch square and cut into four 7inch squares. Brush the center of each with mustard and season with salt and pepper. Place the mushrooms gillside up on the pastry and season with salt and pepper.nToss the breadcrumbs and cheese in a bowl and sprinkle over the mushrooms. Fold in the pastry edges, pleating to fully cover the mushrooms press to seal. Brush both sides of the pastry with the beaten egg. Place seamside down on the baking sheet, make slits in the top and bake until golden and crisp, 25 minutes. Let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, combine the shallot, vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl, then whisk in the olive oil. Toss the dressing with the salad greens and pear. Serve the salad with the mushroom pies.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry half of a 17.3ounce package, thawed, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, 13 cup breadcrumbs, 2 cups shredded cheddar andor muenster cheese, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces mache or other salad greens about 6 cups, 1 pear, thinly sliced], title: Mushroom Pies with Pear Salad, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 56282: {instructions: Insert a sharp knife into the thicker end of each chicken breast half and cut a lengthwise pocket carefully, making it as wide as possible without puncturing the sides. Wrap each stick of Saga Blue in a ham slice, enclosing it, insert the packages in the chicken pockets, and seal each opening well with a wooden pick.nIn a small saucepan bring the Worcestershire sauce and the lemon juice just to a simmer, remove the pan from the heat, and swirl in the butter. Grill the chicken, seasoned with salt and pepper, on an oiled rack set about 6 inches over glowing coals, basting it frequently with the sauce, for 12 minutes on each side. Do not baste the chicken during the last 2 minutes of grilling, and discard any unused sauce.nServe with baby carrots and wild rice timbale, ingredients: [1 whole boneless chicken breast with skin about 1 pound, halved, 2 sticks of Saga Blue each 2 by 12 by 12inch, 2 thin slices of cooked ham each 4 by 4 inches, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces], title: Grilled Chicken Breasts Stuffed with Ham and Saga Blue, picturelink: null}, 56283: {instructions: Cut the bread, with crusts, into 12inch cubes. Spread on a tray to thoroughly dry, 1 to 2 hours, or dry in a 250 degree oven for 30 to 45 minutes.nMix the cucumbers, onion, tomatoes, olives and cheese together in a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and the bread cubes. Toss well, cover and chill 30 minutes. Serve cold on lettucelined plates., ingredients: [1 12 Bolillos, or 14 loaf crusty Italian bread, 6 pickling cucumbers, peeled and cut into 34inch chunks, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 3 Italian Roma tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup green olives, pitted and cut in half, 6 ounces Panela cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, Lettuce leaves for serving], title: Cucumber and Bread Salad, picturelink: null}, 56284: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the shallots in a small baking dish, toss with 1 tablespoon canola oil and the sugar and season with salt and pepper. Roast, turning a few times, until golden brown and caramelized, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool slightly, then thinly slice.nPut the bacon in a large saute pan over medium heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the fat has rendered and the bacon is golden brown and crisp, about 10 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nPour off all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat, then add the remaining 2 tablespoons canola oil to the pan. Return to the stove over medium heat and heat until the oil begins to shimmer. Add the cabbage and Brussels sprouts, season with salt, pepper and the red pepper flakes, and cook until the vegetables are soft and light golden brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and the shallots. Transfer to a platter and top with the crisp bacon.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [6 whole shallots, peeled, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 pound slab bacon, thinly sliced, 12 head green cabbage, finely shredded, 12 pound Brussels sprouts, outer layer removed, thinly sliced, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Splash of red wine vinegar], title: Sauteed Cabbage and Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and Caramelized Shallots, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 56285: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch round springform pan.nIn a food processor, pulse the flour, polenta, sugar, almonds, lemon zest, and salt until well mixed. Add the egg yolks and rum, and process until the mixture looks crumbly, 30 seconds. Add the butter and process just until it starts to look as if it would hold together.nCrumble the mixture evenly into the prepared pan, but do not press it down. Sprinkle the top with the confectioners sugar. Bake in the oven until light golden, 40 to 45 minutes.nRemove the sides of the springform pan, and immediately cut the cookie into serving pieces. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup coarse polenta, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup 14 pound ground almonds, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, Pinch salt, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon rum, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar], title: Almond Polenta Crumb Cookies, picturelink: null}, 56286: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the inside of a 10 by 15 by 2 12inch oval baking dish.nImmerse the peaches in boiling water for 30 seconds, then place them in cold water. Peel the peaches and slice them into thick wedges and place them into a large bowl. Add the orange zest, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, and 2 tablespoons of flour. Toss well. Gently mix in the raspberries. Allow the mixture to sit for 5 minutes. If there is a lot of liquid, add 1 more tablespoon of flour. Pour the peaches into the baking dish and gently smooth the top.nCombine 1 12 cups flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup brown sugar, salt, oatmeal, and the cold, diced butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix on low speed until the butter is peasized and the mixture is crumbly. Sprinkle evenly on top of the peaches and raspberries. Bake for 1 hour, until the top is browned and crisp and the juices are bubbly. Serve immediately, or store in the refrigerator and reheat in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 20 to 30 minutes, until warm., ingredients: [4 to 5 pounds firm, ripe peaches 10 to 12 large peaches, 1 orange, zested, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 12 cups plus 2 to 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 pint raspberries, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup quickcooking oatmeal, 12 pound cold unsalted butter, diced], title: Peach and Raspberry Crisp, picturelink: f6jng2idD3pxMfrqSTNDUPtddv.w2Lq}, 56287: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix garlic, steak seasoning, smoked paprika, chipotle or cumin, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and vinegar. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil. Place meat in shallow dish and coat it evenly in marinade. Let stand 15 minutes.nCut larger potatoes in half, leave very small potatoes whole. Place potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook potatoes 12 to 15 minutes until tender.nHeat a grill pan or outdoor grill to high heat.nCut leek in half lengthwise. Chop into 12inch pieces. Place leeks in big bowl of water and release all the dirt from them with a good swish, separating all the layers. Drain leeks in a colander.nGrill flank steak 6 to 7 minutes on each side.nPut a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil into a hot nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Cook bacon 3 to 5 minutes until it begins to crisp and has rendered most of its fat. Add leeks to the skillet and cook 3 to 5 minutes more until the leeks are tender.nDrain the potatoes and return them to the hot pot. Smash the potatoes with the chicken stock. Add the BLT: bacon, leeks and tomatoes to the potatoes and continue to smash. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper to your taste.nRemove flank steak from grill and let juices redistribute before slicing. Thinly slice meat on an angle, cutting the meat against the grain. Serve sliced flank steak next to BLT potatoes and top potatoes with a dollop of sour cream., ingredients: [3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning blend recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, ground chipotle chili powder or ground cumin, 2 teaspoon hot sauce  eyeball it, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 splashes, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds flank steak, 2 12 pounds small red skin new potatoes, 1 leek, trimmed of tough tops, 4 slices thick cut smoky bacon, chopped, such as applewood smoked bacon, 1 cup chicken broth or stock, 1 vine ripe tomato, seeded and chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 cup sour cream, to pass at table], title: Marinated Grilled Flank Steak with BLT Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: 1vU2xeJFZK9HzOHE2Nus2UyHlae2YLu}, 56288: {instructions: In a blender, puree the mayonnaise, roasted pepper, 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice, and the cayenne pepper. Set aside. In a medium bowl, toss together the crabmeat, avocado, onion, remaining lemon juice, salt, and pepper.nCut the top third off pita breads. Divide crabmeat mixture among pitas, drizzle with red pepper mayonnaise, and tuck some alfalfa sprouts into each sandwich. Tightly wrap in waxed paper and keep chilled up to 1 hour., ingredients: [23 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons diced roasted red bell pepper, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, Pinch ground cayenne pepper, 2 cups lump crabmeat, 1 small avocado, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons grated onion, Salt and ground white pepper, 4 white or wholewheat pita pocketbreads, 1 cup alfalfa sprouts], title: Crab and Avocado Salad in a Pita, picturelink: null}, 56289: {instructions: Directions:nFor AppleCabbage Sauce with Salmon: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSear the salmon in a pan until brown on both sides, transfer to a sheet pan and cook through in the oven.nIn the same pan add the chopped green and red cabbage and let sit on mediumhigh heat for about 45 seconds. Deglaze the pan with the apple juice and lightly toss. Reduce the heat to a mediumlow and add salt and pepper. Let simmer for another 3 minutes to let the liquid reduce and thicken. Add a generous nub of butter and stir until melted.nCreate a bed of cabbage on a plate and place salmon fillet on top. Drizzle the remaining sauce over top of the salmon.nFor Mushroom and Pancetta Sauce with Chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSear the chicken in a pan until brown on both sides, transfer to a sheet pan and cook through in the oven.nIn the same pan over mediumhigh heat, add the pancetta and chopped mushrooms and lightly toss. Deglaze the pan with the chicken stock and again lightly toss. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add salt and pepper. Let simmer for 3 minutes to let the liquid reduce and thicken. Add a generous nub of butter and stir until melted. Place the chicken on a plate, and pour the sauce right on top, making sure to get a nice helping of mushrooms and pancetta.nFor Creamy Mustard Sauce with Steak: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSear the steak in a pan until brown on both sides. Transfer to a sheet pan and cook to the desired temperature in the oven.nIn the same pan over mediumhigh heat, add the grainy mustard. Deglaze the pan with the cream and lightly toss. Reduce heat to a mediumlow and season with salt and pepper. Let simmer for 3 minutes to let the liquid reduce and thicken. Place the steak on a plate, and pour the sauce right on top, garnish with a pinch of chives., ingredients: [Salmon fillet, 2 cups chopped green and red cabbage, 1 cup apple juice, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Butter, Chicken breast, 14 cup chopped pancetta, 1 handful roughly chopped mixed mushrooms use your favorites, 1 cup chicken stock, Butter, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 steak, 2 Tablespoons of grainy mustard, 1 cup cream, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Chives], title: Chucks Saucy Threesome, picturelink: null}, 56290: {instructions: In a bowl, mix together salt, sugar, brown sugar and peppercorns. Spread extrawide aluminum foil a little longer than the length of the fish and top with an equally long layer of plastic wrap. Sprinkle 13 of the rub onto the plastic. Lay 1 side of the fish skin down onto the rub. Sprinkle 13 of the rub onto the flesh of the salmon. Place second side of salmon, flesh down onto the first side. Use the remaining rub to cover the skin on the top piece. Fold plastic over to cover then close edges of foil together and crimp tightly around the fish.nPlace wrapped fish onto a plank or sheet pan and top with another plank or pan. Weigh with a heavy phone book or a brick or two and refrigerate for 12 hours. Flip the fish over and refrigerate another 12 hours. Some juice will leak out during the process so make sure theres a place for the runoff to gather.nUnwrap fish and rinse off the cure with cold water. Pat salmon with paper towels then place in a cool, dry place not the refrigerator until the surface of the fish is dry and mattelike, 1 to 3 hours depending on humidity. A fan may be used to speed the process.nSmoke fish see Note over smoldering hardwood chips or sawdust, keeping the temperature inside the smoker between 150 degrees F and 160 degrees F until the thickest part of the fish registers 150 degrees. Serve immediately or cool to room temperature, wrap tightly and refrigerate for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup kosher salt, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon crushed black peppercorns, 2 large salmon fillets or sides, pin bones removed], title: Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 56291: {instructions: Cook the noodles as the label directs, then drain and toss with 1 tablespoon roasted peanut oil. Meanwhile, whisk the lime juice and 2 teaspoons teriyaki sauce in a small bowl. Combine the jalapeno remove seeds for less heat, ginger and lime zest in a mini food processor and pulse until finely chopped, or finely chop with a knife.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon roasted peanut oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until soft, 5 minutes. Add the ginger mixture and cook, stirring, until toasted, 1 minute. Add the bell peppers and cook, stirring, 3 more minutes. Add the turkey and the remaining 2 teaspoons teriyaki sauce cook, stirring, until the meat is cooked through, about 5 more minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in the lime juice mixture, cashews and herbs. Pile the noodles and turkey mixture in the lettuce leaves. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 ounces thin rice noodles, 2 tablespoons roasted peanut oil or vegetable oil, Juice of 3 limes, plus lime wedges for serving, 4 teaspoons teriyaki sauce, 1 small red or green jalapeno pepper, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled, Finely grated zest of 1 lime, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 2 medium bell peppers 1 red, 1 yellow, thinly sliced, 1 pound ground turkey, 14 cup roasted unsalted cashews, roughly chopped, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro andor mint, 2 romaine lettuce hearts, leaves separated], title: Spicy Turkey Lettuce Cups, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 56292: {instructions: Heat a large saute pan and add oil. When oil starts to lightly smoke, add the pancetta. When pancetta is half crisped, add shallots and onions and lower the heat, carefully cooking so they dont burn.nWhen onions are translucent, add garlic. Cook for 30 seconds, and deglaze with red wine. Add the Marinara Sauce, stock, and basil, then cook until reduction thickens. Add cream, Gorgonzola, and Parmesan, and cook until cheese is incorporated. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Add warm penne rigate and toss. Serve in very warm bowls and top with coarsely grated Parmesan and garnish with thyme sprig.nRoughly chop celery, onion, and carrot. Sweat in olive oil until onion is translucent. Add garlic and cook for 2 minutes, then incorporate the tomatoes, sambol, basil, thyme, and stock. Simmer uncovered for approximately 2 hours until stock reduces and mixture thickens. Blend in a food processor until texture is smooth. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 ounce sliced pancetta, 1 ounce shallots, 1 ounce onions, 12 ounce garlic, 12 cup red wine, 1 cup Marinara Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup vegetable stock, 14 cup chopped basil, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon cream, 12 ounce grated Gorgonzola, 1 ounce grated Parmesan, plus more, for garnish, Salt and pepper, 12 pound penne rigate, cooked, drained, and warm, Thyme sprigs, for garnish, 1 stalk celery, 1 medium onion, 1 carrot, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large garlic cloves, 1 pound Roma tomatoes, 14 teaspoon sambol oelek, 12 cup fresh basil, Pinch fresh thyme, 1 quart vegetable stock, Salt and pepper], title: Penne Rigate with Basil Cream Pomodoro, picturelink: null}, 56293: {instructions: To make the quail with rice:nRinse the rice 2 times in a bowl of cold water and drain. In a large ovenproof pot, combine the rice, sausages, chestnuts, sugar, soy sauce, dried scallops, gingko nuts, ham, dates, wine, and dried shrimp. Add a scant 3 cups of water, put in a steam oven, and cook until cooked through and soft, 30 to 45 minutes. Fold in the edamame. Taste and adjust the sugar, soy sauce, and salt. Let cool and then fold in the scallions. Stuff about 12 cup of the rice mixture into each quail.nTo make the scallion oil:nPut the scallions in a bowl, cover with the oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Puree in a blender and strain through a very finemesh sieve, gently pressing to extract the pulp. Add the ginger, to taste.nTo make the garlic chives:nIn a small skillet heat the oil over medium heat. Saute the garlic chives, seasoning with salt, until slightly caramelized. You can add a bit of water to help cook the chives through before burning, if needed.nTo serve:nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nHeat a large skillet with a little oil. Sear the birds breast side down and then put in the oven until golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Then turn the birds and repeat the process on the other side, cooking until the birds are cooked and the rice is heated through.nServe the whole quail on a bed of chive buds with a few dots of scallion oil to garnish the plate., ingredients: [2 cups short grain glutinous rice, 2 Chinese sausages, cut into rounds, 14 cup roasted, peeled, and diced chestnuts, 3 tablespoons sugar, more if needed, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons dried scallop, reconstituted in water, 2 tablespoons gingko nuts, 2 tablespoons cubed Chinese ham, 1 tablespoon red dates, reconstituted in water, 1 tablespoon shao xing cooking wine, 1 teaspoon dried shrimp, finely chopped, 14 cup edamame peas, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced on the bias scallion greens, 8 4 ounce boneless quail, 1 scallion green, blanched, shocked, and squeezed dry, 13 cup soybean oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon pulverized fresh ginger, or to taste, 1 cup soybean oil, 2 cups garlic chives, cut into 2inch lengths, Salt, Soybean oil], title: Whole Quail with Sticky Rice with Chinese Sausage, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 56294: {instructions: Special equipment: 3 cups wood chips such as oak, hickory, or mesquite CharcoalnThe night before serving, combine the granulated sugar, brown sugar, 2 tablespoons salt, the peppercorns, and lemon zest in a small bowl. Place the salmon fillets skinside down on a large flat ceramic or glass dish. Spread the mixture evenly on top of the salmon. Cover the dish with plastic wrap and refrigerate.nAt least 1 12 hours before you plan to cook the salmon, soak the wood chips in water.nThirty minutes before youu00bfre ready to cook, heat the charcoal. Place a double layer of coals on one side of the grill, light them, and allow them to burn until the coals are gray on the outside. I use a charcoal chimney to light the coals. Sprinkle half the soaked wood chips on the hot coals you will see lots of smoke. On the other side of the grill, place the foil pan and pour in 1 cup water. Place the cooking grate over the coals and the pan.nScrape most of the sugar mixture off the salmon and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon of salt. Place the salmon skinside down on the side of the grill directly over the foil pan. Put the lid on the grill, making sure the top and bottom vents are open. Smoke the salmon for 10 minutes. Add the remaining wood chips directly on the coals and cook for 5 to 10 more minutes, depending on the thickness of the salmon, until its firm to the touch and barely cooked. Dont overcook the salmon or it will be drynTransfer the salmon to a clean platter and immediately cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow to rest for 10 minutes. Remove and discard the skin, if desired, and serve hot, at room temperature, or cold with the Fresh Dill Sauce.nPlace the mayonnaise, sour cream, yogurt, cream cheese, scallions, dill, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon pepper in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Puree for a few seconds, until well mixed. Add the cucumber and puree for another few seconds, until combined. Pour into a container and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop., ingredients: [14 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup dark brown sugar, lightly packed, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest 2 lemons, 2 pounds King salmon fillets, skin on whole or cut in serving pieces, 1 large, flat disposable foil pan, Fresh Dill Sauce, recipe follows, for serving, 12 cup good mayonnaise, such as Hellmanns, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup plain yogurt, such as Stonyfield, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts 4 scallions, 12 cup minced fresh dill, 14 cup minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup seeded, grated hothouse cucumber], title: Hot Smoked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 56295: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until hot. Add the scallion, ginger and garlic and cook the mixture, stirring, 30 seconds. Add the chicken and cook the mixture, stirring, until no longer pink. Add the broccoli and cook, stirring, 1 minute more. Add the broth and bring the liquid to a boil, stirring. Simmer, stirring, until lightly thickened. Season with lemon juice and stir in cilantro. Serve over pasta., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 cup minced scallion, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast, cut into thin slivers, seasoned with 1 teaspoon curry powder, Salt and cayenne pepper, 2 cups broccoli flowerets, 1 cup chicken broth combined with 2 teaspoons cornstarch, Fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro], title: Curried Chicken and Broccoli Topping, picturelink: null}, 56296: {instructions: 1.HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line 13x9inch baking pan with foil, extending foil to the edge of pan. Coat with nostick cooking spray.n2.COMBINE Homemade Cookie Mix and shortening with a fork until evenly moistened. Pat evenly in bottom of prepared pan.n3.BAKE 15 minutes. Whisk sweetened condensed milk, egg, brown sugar and vanilla until blended. Stir in pecans. Spread evenly over partially baked crust.n4.BAKE 25 to 28 minutes or until golden brown and center is set. Cool completely. Cut into 48 bars., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 3 cups Homemade Cookie Mix, 3 tablespoons Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 large egg, 12 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups coarsely chopped pecans], title: Pecan Cookie Bars, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 56297: {instructions: Pulse the scallions, jalapeno, ginger, cilantro and garlic in a food processor until chopped. With the motor running, add the apples, a few pieces at a time, until chopped.nCook the curry powder in a Dutch oven or large pot overmediumhigh heat, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Whisk in the coconut milk until smooth cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the applescallion mixture and 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until thickened, about 5 more minutes.nStir in the chicken broth and lentils. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the lentils are tender and broken down, about 15 minutes. Add the chicken and simmer until cooked through, about 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper top with cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 bunch scallions white and light green parts only, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 2 14inchthick slices peeled ginger, 12 cup cilantro, plus more for topping, 4 cloves garlic, 3 cooking apples such as McIntosh or Fuji, peeled and roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 1 13.5ounce can light coconut milk, Kosher salt, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup red lentils, picked over and rinsed, 12 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 34inch pieces, Freshly ground pepper], title: ChickenLentil Curry Soup, picturelink: FljQAtY4oK885T4jgcu33HWth1l.gu}, 56298: {instructions: Heat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and meat to the pan and brown the meat, breaking it up with the back of a wooden spoon as it cooks. Add chicken stock to the meat. Season the meat with paprika, Worcestershire, salt and pepper. When the liquid comes to a bubble, reduce heat to simmer. Cook meat 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nPile meat into buns or rolls and top with raw finely chopped onions., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 14 pounds ground sirloin, 1 cup chicken stock, eyeball it, 12 a 14ounce can or box, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and pepper, 4 burger buns, spilt, or kaiser rolls, split, 12 yellow skinned onion, finely chopped], title: Loosemeat Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 56299: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan bring 1 cup of water, 34 cup agave syrup, and rosemary to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pan from the heat and cool for 10 minutes. Strain the mixture into a pitcher. Add the lime juice and remaining 2 cups water. Stir and sweeten, to taste, with agave syrup. Serve in glasses filled with ice., ingredients: [3 cups water, 34 cup agave syrup, plus extra, as needed, 1 tablespoon coarsely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice about 8 limes, 12 cup agave syrup or other natural sweetener, Ice], title: BajaStyle Limeade, picturelink: pCFQSP3HNZ53uJvn.wWUjWDHlrXfD0G}, 56300: {instructions: For the kettle corn simple syrup: Mix the kettle corn, sugar and 1 cup water in a saucepan and heat until the sugar dissolves. Strain, and then let cool.nPour the bourbon, butterscotch schnapps and 2 tablespoons of the kettle corn simple syrup into a shaker full of ice and shake well. Mix together equal parts salt and sugar on a shallow plate. Wet the edges of 2 up glasses, and then dip the rims into the salt and sugar mixture. Strain the cocktail and pour into the glasses. Freak out because its awesome., ingredients: [1 cup crushed kettle corn, 1 cup sugar, 3 ounces bourbon, 1 12 ounces butterscotch schnapps, Ice, for chilling, Salt, for dusting the rim, Sugar, for dusting the rim], title: Me So Corny Um, Kettle Cornucopia, picturelink: null}, 56301: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Puree the cilantro, mint, orange juice, lime juice, garlic, jalapeno, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a blender. Transfer 14 cup of the mojo sauce to a large bowl. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper and add to the bowl toss to coat and set aside.nBring 34 cup water, the rice, beans and 12 cup of the remaining mojo sauce to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat reserve the remaining mojo sauce for topping. Cover, reduce the heat to low and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Set aside and cover to keep warm.nRemove the pork chops from the marinade and arrange on a broiler pan or a rack set on a rimmed baking sheet. Add the plantain halves cutside up to the pan. Broil until the pork and plantains are golden and the pork is cooked through, about 7 minutes.nTop the pork with the remaining mojo sauce and cilantro. Serve with the rice, plantains and lime wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [1 cup fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, 12 cup fresh mint, 34 cup orange juice, Juice of 2 limes about 14 cup, plus wedges for serving, 5 cloves garlic, 12 jalapeno pepper, roughly chopped remove seeds for less heat, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 bonein centercut pork chops about 6 ounces each, 12 cup longgrain white rice, 1 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 ripe yellow plantain, halved lengthwise then crosswise through the peel], title: Mojo Pork with Sweet Plantains, picturelink: 82KowQEhXamNQSKChUqGxF3tTUCwGFa}, 56302: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack to the top position and preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Toss together the cauliflower, tomatoes, olive oil, capers, 12 teaspoon salt, a few grinds of pepper and the garlic on a baking sheet. Roast until the cauliflower browns in some spots and is tender, tossing about halfway through, about 20 minutes. Toss with a squeeze of lemon and the parsley. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 small head cauliflower, cut into mediumsize florets about 4 cups, 12 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon drained capers, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 lemon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Roasted Italian Cauliflower, picturelink: ibuqgKBoAYj7a086htYaHYu2M4N3pS}, 56303: {instructions: Prepare a charcoal grill.nCombine the onions, beer, vinegar, salt, mustard seeds, celery seed, bay leaf, and black pepper in a 4quart saucepan, bring to a simmer, and simmer gently over mediumlow heat for 20 minutes.nAdd the bratwurst and simmer gently until cooked through, 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the bratwurst and set aside. Strain the poaching liquid reserving the onions. Let cool. Remove the bay leaf, add crushed red pepper, olive oil, and chopped fresh parsley. Set aside to use as a relish.nPlace the bratwurst on the grill and cook over mediumhigh until charred. Butter the rolls and toast on the grill just before serving., ingredients: [3 cups thinly sliced yellow onions, 1 12ounce bottle amber beer, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 1 fresh bay leaf, A few grinds black pepper, 6 uncooked bratwurst, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons softened butter, 6 potato rolls], title: Bratwurst and Onions in Beer, picturelink: null}, 56304: {instructions: BEAT cream cheese until fluffy in large bowl. Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth. Stir in lemon juice and vanilla.nPOUR into crust chill 4 hours or until set. Top with desired amount of cherry pie filling before serving.nTOPPING VARIATIONSnBLUEBERRY: Omit cherry pie filling. Combine 14 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon cornstarch in medium bowl mix well. Add 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons lemon juice then 2 cup fresh or drypack frozen blueberries, thawed mix well. Bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer 3 minutes or until thick and clear. Cool 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Cool 15 minutes. Spread over pie. Chill thoroughly.nCRANBERRY: Omit cherry pie filling. Combine 13 cups sugar and 1 tablespoon cornstarch in medium saucepan. Add 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons cold water and 2 cups fresh or drypack frozen cranberries mix well. Bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Spread over pie. Chill thoroughly.nFRESH FRUIT: Omit cherry pie filling. Just before serving, arrange welldrained fresh strawberries, banana slices dipped in lemon juice and well drained and blueberries on top of chilled pie. Brush fruit with light corn syrup if desired.nAMBROSIA: Omit cherry pie filling. Combine 12 cup Smuckers Peach or Apricot Preserves, 14 cup flaked coconut, 2 tablespoons orange juice and 2 teaspoons cornstarch in small saucepan cook and stir until thickened. Remove from heat. Arrange fresh orange sections over top of pie top with coconut mixture. Chill thoroughly., ingredients: [1 8 oz. package cream cheese, softened, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 8 or 9inch prepared graham cracker or baked pie crust, 1 21 oz. can cherry pie filling, chilled], title: Cherry Cheese Pie, picturelink: w8IylZhvrSHO22QaFYRa4GT4Lhj3.xi}, 56305: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line cupcake pans with 24 liners.nIn a medium bowl, combine both flours. Using an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Gradually add the granulated sugar and beat until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the flour mixture in three parts, alternating with the milk. Add the vanilla. Scrape down the sides of the bowl to make sure all the ingredients are well blended. Beat until just combined. Do not over beat. Fold in the caraway seeds.nSpoon the batter into the liners, filling the cups twothirds full. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 16 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nCut the tops off the cupcakes and reserve. Place the chopped pastrami on the bottom half of the cupcakes. Drizzle 1 teaspoon Honey Mustard Glaze more or less to taste on the pastrami. Place the cupcake tops on top of the glaze, pressing down gently. Frost the cupcakes with Honey Mustard Buttercream Frosting. Garnish with soft pretzel slivers.nIn a small bowl, combine the powdered sugar, honey and mustard, and mix until smooth.nUsing an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Add the honey mustard and spicy mustard and mix on high for 1 minute, scraping down the sides often. Add the powdered sugar 14 cup at a time, mixing well after each addition., ingredients: [1 12 cups selfrising flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 cups granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup whole milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons caraway seeds, 8 ounces pastrami, chopped, Honey Mustard Glaze, recipe follows, Honey Mustard Frosting, recipe follows, Soft Pretzel, sliced in slivers, for garnish, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 2 sticks 12 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup honey mustard, 1 tablespoon spicy mustard, 2 cups powdered sugar], title: Pastrami Cupcakes, picturelink: Jab.CuZFnLYgurrK1F.en7ca6GXYElq}, 56306: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 11 by 14inch piece styrofoam approximately2 inches thick it doesnt matter what size as long as it is bigenough to accommodate a 10inch diameter circle in the center 21 12inch long wooden skewers 3 each 14inch thick and 1 foot long dowels Glue gun Decorative ribbon optional Glue gun to stick the handles in placenTo make the dough: Place all of the ingredients in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle. Mix until well combined. The dough will be sticky but you will be able to form it into a ball. Use additional flour for your hands and work surface to keep the dough from sticking.nTo prepare the basket weaving structure: This recipe will make enough dough to yield a basket that is about 10 inches in diameter. Use a piece styrofoam as a base. I used an 11 by 14inch rectangular piece, which was about 2 inches thick. Using a pen, draw a 9inch diameter circle in the center of the rectangular styrofoam. Insert 21 wooden skewers in a circle following the pen line of the 9inch diameter circle. Space the skewers somewhat evenly apart. When inserting the skewers, tilt them slightly outward. This will be the outside shape of the basket.nTo make the basket: Roll a piece of dough into a long rope that is at least 20 inches long and about 12inch in diameter. Place the end of this rope inside the basket leaving a 1 12inch long tail resting in what will be the interior of the basket. Weave the rest of the dough in and out of the skewers. This should make one complete layer and may give you enough to continue into the second row. When you are coming to the end of your rope no pun intended and you need to stop, make sure you leave a tail inside the basket. This will help the dough stay in place and avoid any unraveling later on. Roll out another dough rope and start the second layer in a different spot than the first one so the starts and ends are staggered throughout the basket. This will help develop a stable structure to the basket. When you have completed 4 full rows, put it in the oven at 200 degrees F if the oven temperature is higher, the Styrofoam will melt for about 30 minutes. This is just long enough for the dough to dry slightly and will provide a strong base for the weight of additional layers. Remove from the oven and let cool. Repeat the same process adding another 4 layers to the basket. Put it back in the oven for another 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nTo make the decorative braids for the top rim of the basket: Using 3 ropes of raw dough approximately 28 inches long, weave the dough ropes into a long braid. Place the braid on the top rim of the basket, gently pressing it down to make it secure. This is now the final row on the basket.nTo make the bottom of the basket: Make a long rope of dough approximately 12inch in diameter. Tightly coil it starting at the center of the inside of the basket. This will be the bottom of the basket. If the rope you made is not long enough, you can roll out another rope and connect the 2 ropes by squeezing it securely to the end of the already coiled rope. Make the coil disk slightly bigger than the base and push the coil into place so it fits snugly.nTo make the handles for the basket: I used a 14inch thick wooden dowel as a base and wrapped a long rope of raw dough, by spiraling around the dowel from top to bottom. I used 3 pieces of dowel to give my basket handle an artistic shape. The length of the dowels depends on 2 things. How tall the side of your basket is and what you want the handles to look like. Cut dowels to desired size. Lay the raw dough wrapped dowels on the baking sheet and bake along with the rest of the basket. The handles will be attached after all the parts have been baked.nPlace the entire basket and the handles in the oven for the final time. I put mine in the oven for about 1 hour, then turned off the heat and left it in the oven overnight. Remove the basket from the oven it should be cool or room temperature for final assembly.nTo assemble and finish the basket:nMake the caramel for painting the basket: Place the sugar and water in a saucepan and place over mediumhigh heat. Stir only until it is combined. Let the caramel cook until it burns. You will see white smoke and the caramel will be very dark. Remove from the heat. Add a little water and stir. You will need to keep adding small amounts of water until the caramel is a consistency liquid enough to use as paint. Use a pastry brush to apply the caramel to the basket and the handle. Allow it to dry completely before filling the basket with your pastries., ingredients: [7 12 cups unbleached, unbromated flour, 2 cups water, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 cup plus 1 teaspoon vegetable shortening, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup water], title: Dough Basket, picturelink: null}, 56307: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together 34 cup of flour, yeast, sugar, and 23 cup hot water 130 dgrees F. Stir in the oil, 1 14 cups of the remaining flour, and the salt and blend the mixture until it forms a dough. Knead the dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of the remaining 14 cup flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic.nAlternatively, the dough may be made in a food processor. In a food processor combine 34 cup of the flour, yeast, and sugar. With the motor running, add 23 cup hot water 130 degrees F, and turn the motor off. Add the oil, 1 14 cups of the remaining flour, and the salt and process the mixture until it forms a ball, adding more water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if it is too dry, or more flour, 1 tablespoon at time, if it is too wet. Knead the dough by processing it for 15 seconds.nThe dough, prepared by either method, may be used immediately, but for better flavor it is best to let it rise once. Put the dough in an oiled bowl and turn it to coat it with the oil. Let the dough rise, covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place for 30 minutes, or until it is double in bulk, and punch it down. This dough may be used instead of the basic pizza dough., ingredients: [2 to 2 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 14ounce package fast acting yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Quick Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 56308: {instructions: For the chips: Heat the oil in a Dutch oven set over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Drop the tortillas in batches into the oil, being careful not to overcrowd. Fry until golden brown, a couple minutes total. Remove to a papertowellined sheet pan and sprinkle liberally with salt. Repeat for the remaining tortillas.nFor the salsa: Preheat the grill to medium. Use a wire grill brush to loosen any crud or soot from the grate. Wipe the grate down carefully with an oiled towel to remove any loosened crud.nGrill the corn and the tomatillos until they char and blacken on all sides. Remove from the grill and cool.nCut the kernels from the cob and scrape any residual bits of corn off the cob. Scrape any really charred bits of skin off the tomatillos and then cut them into 12inch chunks.nIn a large bowl, combine the corn, tomatillos, scallions, garlic, black beans and jalapenos if using. In a small bowl or measuring cup, combine the vinegar and oil. Pour over the salsa and season with salt. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if needed. Toss in the cilantro and serve., ingredients: [3 cups canola oil, Twelve 6inch corn tortillas, cut into sixths, Kosher salt, 14 cup canola oil, plus more for oiling, 4 ears corn, shucked, 3 tomatillos, papery outer skin removed, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, One 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, optional, 14 to 12 cup white vinegar, Kosher salt, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves roughly chopped], title: Annes Corn Salsa with Tortilla Chips, picturelink: ZTvpzaeB1LSVcjObMsPrWLr3ijmxH3K}, 56309: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the sugar and 13 cup water in a microwavesafe glass measuring cup. Microwave until steaming, 45 seconds to 1 minute. Stir to dissolve the sugar.nStir in the lemon zest and lemon juice, and set aside to cool completely. Strain through a finemesh sieve. The lemon syrup can be made ahead and stored for up to a week in the refrigerator.nTo serve, fill a pint glass with ice. Add the sherry and 5 tablespoons of the lemon syrup. Shake until well chilled, then strain into cordial glasses. Serve cold., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, Grated zest of 2 lemons, 12 cup lemon juice, 12 cup sherry medium to dry, Ice], title: Sherry Lemon Drop, picturelink: RzUghpP7ZlPjmC5bvmA7xSzkKpSivW}, 56310: {instructions: Dough: In a medium bowl, blend the flour, ground nuts, and cinnamon briefly with a wire whisk set aside. In the large bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter at mediumlow speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Beat in the sugar at medium speed until well combined and slightly fluffy, scraping down the sides of the bowl. Lower mixer sped, gradually add the dry ingredients, and mix just until the mixture is thoroughly combined.nDivide the dough in thirds. Roll out each portion of dough between 2 sheets of waxed paper to form a circle 11 inches in diameter and 18 inch thick. Leaving the dough circles between the sheets of waxed paper, stack them on a baking sheet and refrigerate until firm, for at least 2 hours or up to 3 days or freeze, well wrapped, up to 1 month.nAdjust rack to lower third of oven and preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line two large cool baking sheets with parchment paper.nRemove one dough package at a time from refrigerator. Peel off top sheet of waxed paper, replace it loosely on top, and flip the entire package over. Peel off and discard the second sheet of waxed paper. Using a 1 12inch round cutter, cut out circles in the dough. Using the narrow end of a 38inch plain pastry tip such as Ateco 3 as a cutter, cut out three small holes in each circle. Space the cookies 12 inch apart on a baking sheet. Bake for 13 to 15 minutes, or until the cookies are pale golden, no longer appear raw or shiny, and feel slightly firm lightly touch a few. Place baking sheet on wire rack to cool 5 minutes. Lift the cookies from the parchment with a metal spatula to a rack to cool.nRepeat with the other two portions of dough, cutting out holes in only onequarter of these circle in order to sandwich the cookies later. Keep in mind that when there is a mixture of cookies with and without holes, the cookies with holes bake faster. Remove them from the oven with a metal spatula to a wire rack. Return the baking sheet to the oven until the remaining cookies are done.nDecoration: Using a sieve, dust the powdered sugar just over the tops of the cookies with holes.nIn a small saucepan, boil the currant jelly for 2 minutes to evaporate some of its liquid. Cool just until warm. Spoon about 14 teaspoon jelly on each plain circle, bakedbottom side up. Center a sugared circle on top of a jellied bottom, and gently press so the jelly fills in the three holes. Repeat with the remaining cookies.nStack undecorated cookies in an airtight metal contained and store at room temperature up to 10 days. Store decorated cookies in a single layer in a covered foillined cardboard container, such as a cake box, at room temperature up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups unsifted allpurpose flour, 3 counces 12 cup unblanched almonds, finely ground, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 10 ounces 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup unsifted powdered sugar, 1 cup red currant jelly], title: Drei Augen German Shortbread Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: TIJz8swsskuakwWgR.Vi5F7IIEbtplG}, 56311: {instructions: Combine the coffee, sugar, coffee liqueur and vanilla and stir until the sugar dissolves. Pour the mixture into a 9by13inch pan. Place the pan in the freezer for 1 hour, until the mixture starts to become slushy around the edges. Rake the mixture with a dinner fork to break up the crystals and place the pan back in the freezer. Every 30 minutes, rake the mixture, until it is completely frozen and granular throughout. Wrap well and keep frozen for a few hours, until ready to serve.nSpoon the granita into bowls or stemmed glasses, such as martini glasses, and top with a dollop of whipped cream. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups strong, hot brewed coffee, regular or decaf see note, 34 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons coffee liqueur, such as Tia Maria, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Coffee Granita, picturelink: 1YlQBV7alUqL4WBbADk3dm0t9N5gG}, 56312: {instructions: In a large saucepan, heat the achiote oil over medium heat. Add the onions, bell peppers, tomato, chile peppers, garlic, cilantro, bay leaf, salt, and pepper, and stirfry for about 4 minutes. Add the corn and fish stock and cook over medium heat for about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Transfer to a blender process until smooth on high speed. Pour the sauce through a fine strainer into a saucepan, add the evaporated milk, and warm over low heat.nDilute the cornstarch with 1 tablespoon water. Add to the saucepan, mix well, and incorporate the butter with a whisk. Taste for seasoning and and cook for about 5 minutes. Keep warm.nGenerously season both sides of the fish with salt and pepper. In a large nonstick skillet, heat the oil over high heat. When oil is hot, place the fillets in the skillet, skin side down, and cook for 3 minutes, without turning. Flip onto other side and cook for about 2 minutes. Remove from heat to a platter.nSpoon the warm sauce in the center of each dinner plate. Top with a fish portion. Garnish with cilantro sprigs and the toasted and crushed coriander seeds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons achiote oil, 2 tablespoons onions, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons red and green peppers, finely chopped, 1 small tomato, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 2 sweet chile peppers Serrano or Anaheim, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro, plus extra sprigs, for garnish, 1 bay leaf, Salt and pepper, 4 cups fresh corn, cut from cobs, 1 cup fish stock, 12 cup evaporated milk, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon butter, softened, 2 pounds fresh red snapper fillet, cut into 4 pieces, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Lightly toasted and crushed coriander seeds, for garnish], title: Panfried Red Snapper Fillet with Corn Cream Creole Sauce, picturelink: 29RtioDKu9iAjze3S3YbDKpzVTlhM.}, 56313: {instructions: To make the biscuits: In a saute pan, heat the pancetta over mediumhigh heat and cook until crisp, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl, make the biscuits according to the box instructions, using buttermilk instead of the suggested liquid. Gently stir in the pancetta and the cheese.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Spoon the biscuit mixture onto the baking sheet and bake according to box instructions. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.nTo make the Cinnamonsugar Butter: Cut open the vanilla bean lengthwise. Using the back of a knife, scrape along the inside of the vanilla bean to collect the seeds. Scrape vanilla bean seeds into a small bowl. Add sugar and cinnamon and stir to combine. Stir in the butter until well blended. Transfer to a serving bowl.nServe the biscuits on a platter with the Cinnamonsugar Butter alongside., ingredients: [14 pound pancetta, diced, 1 8ounce box store bought biscuit mix, Buttermilk in place of the liquid in the boxed biscuit mix recipe, 14 cup shredded Fontina, 12 vanilla bean, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 stick butter, at room temperature], title: Pancetta Biscuits, picturelink: cRYg0PbhjDX4kY9q2uYmqx8srTcFaa}, 56314: {instructions: Pour 1 gallon of water into a large stockpot, and add sea salt. Add the thyme sprigs and parsley stems, white wine, and lemon juice. Bring the pot to a rolling boil. Place the lobster tails into a steaming tray or colander, on top but not touching the boiling water for about 12 minutes, until the meat loses its opalescence.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Bring to a boil until the milk solids have separated and sunk to the bottom of the pan. Remove out the clarified butter and place in a warm cup until the lobster is done.nServe lobster with lemon wedges, drawn butter in a small bowl, and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 14 cup sea salt, 14 bunch fresh thyme, leaves and sprigs intact, 12 bunch fresh parsley, stems kept for steaming water and leaves finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, plus 1 lemon cut into 6 wedges, 5 lobster tails, 12 pound butter], title: Boiled Lobster, picturelink: null}, 56315: {instructions: Heat grill to high.nHeat oil in heavy large pot on the grates of the grill. Add the onion and cook until soft. Add the garlic, fennel seeds, crushed red pepper and salt and cook for 1 minute.nAdd wine, lemon slices, and 14 cup parsley bring to boil. Add mussels. Cover pot and cook until mussel shells open, stirring once, about 6 minutes discard any mussels that do not open. Using slotted spoon, transfer mussels to large shallow bowl. Boil broth in pot until reduced to 1 cup, about 3 minutes season, to taste, with pepper. Pour broth over mussels. Sprinkle with tomatoes and remaining parsley.nBrush bread on both sides with oil and season with salt. Grill until golden brown on both sides. Serve mussels with bread for dipping., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 Spanish onion, thinly sliced, 4 large garlic cloves, chopped, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon dried crushed red pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 14inchthick lemon slices, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 12 pounds fresh mussels, scrubbed, debearded, 12 cup chopped seeded tomatoes, 8 slices crusty Italian bread, sliced 12inch thick, Olive oil], title: Spicy Mussels with White Wine, picturelink: .misLsA7bJndOvC2ia3dnQXtF8XZKf.}, 56316: {instructions: In a tall stockpot, bring all the ingredients except the salt, pepper and butter to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 30 minutes, or until each vegetable is easily pierced with the tip of a knife.nPass the soup through the medium disc of a food mill. Or skim the vegetables out of the liquid, pulse to a coarse puree in a food processor, and recombine the vegetables and liquid. Season with salt and pepper. The soup can be refrigerated at this point for up to 3 days, or frozen for up to 2 months.nBring the soup to a simmer. Stir in the butter just before serving., ingredients: [1 34 pounds spinach, stemmed and washed well, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, peeled, halved lengthwise, and cut across into slices, 12 medium carrots, peeled and sliced, 2 medium onions, cut into chunks, 10 cups chicken stock or Garlic Broth, recipe follows, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and peeled omit if using Garlic Broth, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Mixed Vegetable Potage, picturelink: null}, 56317: {instructions: In a small nonreactive saucepan, boil down the cider almost to a syrup, about 2 to 3 tablespoons. Cool and reserve.nIf using chicken thighs, coarsely grind the boned chicken and skin or chop coarsely in batches in a food processor. Add the apple cider and the remaining ingredients to the ground chicken in a large bowl or plastic tub and blend thoroughly with your hands. Fry a small patty until done and taste for salt, pepper, and other seasonings.nDivide sausage into 7 or 8 portions each about 12 pound, wrap tightly in plastic wrap or aluminum foil, and refrigerate or freeze for later use. Or, if desired, stuff the sausage into casings., ingredients: [1 cup apple cider, 3 12 pounds boned chicken thighs with skin about 4 12 pounds with bones or 3 12 pounds ground chicken, 3 ounces dried apples, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons dried sage, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 chicken bouillon cube dissolved in 2 tablespoons boiling water, 8 to 10 feet medium sausage casings optional], title: Chicken and Apple Sausage, picturelink: null}, 56318: {instructions: Roasted Garlic Oil:nPlace oil and garlic in a blender and blend until smooth. Strain.nFlatbread:nMix water and yeast in a large bowl and let stand 5 minutes to proof. Gradually pour in 2 cups of the flour and stir to incorporate. Mix for about 1 minute to form a sponge. Let stand, covered, for at least an hour.nPut sponge in the bowl of a stand mixer. Using the dough hook, add the salt and oil, then add the flour, 12 cup at a time, to form a dough. Remove from bowl and knead. Place in a clean oiled bowl and let rise, slowly, about 2 12 hours. Divide dough into 4 balls, if desired, let rise again for 12 hour, and then roll out as desired.nFlatten flatbread dough, gently press into a large rectangle, brush liberally with olive oil, and throw on grill. Grill on both sides until golden brown. Spread 1 side with ricotta, sprinkle with salt and pepper, scatter tomatoes over, drizzle with Roasted Garlic Oil, and garnish with basil and more freshly ground black pepper. Serve immediately.nYield: 4 individual flatbreads or 1 large flatbread, ingredients: [1 recipe Flatbread, recipe below, 1 8ounce container ricotta cheese, drained, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 plum tomatoes, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chiffonade fresh basil, 12 cup olive oil, 6 cloves roasted garlic, 1 12 cups warm water 105 to 110 degrees F, 12 teaspoon active dry yeast, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive or canola oil, plus more for bowl], title: Grilled Flatbread with Ricotta Cheese, Fresh Tomatoes, Oregano and Roasted Garlic Oil, picturelink: null}, 56319: {instructions: Whisk eggs with cheese and chives and season with salt and pepper and a few drops hot sauce. Preheat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add butter or extravirgin olive oil to the pan. Heat butter or oil, then add eggs. Add the optional addition, if desired, at this point. Scramble to desired consistency and serve with a sliced plum tomato per person, seasoned with salt and pepper, alongside the eggs. Pass garlic toast at table: rub hot toast with cracked garlic, then butter as usual., ingredients: [12 eggs, beaten, 4 ounces garlic and herb cheese such as Boursin or Alouette or, cream cheese, cut or crumbled into small pieces, 3 tablespoons chives, chopped  about 12 blades, Salt and black pepper, A few drops hot sauce, 2 tablespoons butter or extravirgin olive oil, 4 plum or Roma tomatoes, sliced lengthwise, Smoked salmon, sliced ham or salami, chopped  optional additions for the eggs, 8 slices white, wheat, soft sliced Italian or whole grain bread, 2 large cloves garlic, cracked away from skin, 4 tablespoons softened salted butter], title: Herb and Egg Scramble with Garlic Toast and Sliced Tomato, picturelink: 9M8CLNh6AS.PayE.EV0qlm1VZC774N2}, 56320: {instructions: Make the gnocchi: Mix the instant potatoes with 1 cup hot water in a bowl using a fork set aside until the potatoes absorb the liquid, 3 minutes. Meanwhile, puree the basil and 14 cup cold water in a blender until smooth. Stir the basil puree, egg, pecorino and 1 tablespoon salt into the potato mixture.nMound 34 cup flour on a surface add the potato mixture and knead together until smooth, gradually adding the remaining 14 cup flour. Divide the dough into 3 portions roll each into a 1inchdiameter log dust with flour, if needed. Cut each log into 12inch pieces place on a parchmentlined baking sheet and refrigerate while making the sauce or freeze up to 1 month.nMake the sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pine nuts fry until toasted, swirling the pan. Transfer the nuts with a slotted spoon to paper towels and season with salt. Add the shallots and garlic to the pan and cook until soft, 3 minutes. Add the wine and bring to a boil. Add the tomatoes, season with salt and pepper and toss cook until the tomatoes are just soft, 2 more minutes.nCook the gnocchi in a large pot of salted boiling water until tender, about 1 minute after they float to the surface. Drain and toss with the sauce. Top with the toasted pine nuts and more basil and pecorino.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 12 cups instant mashed potatoes, 1 cup packed fresh basil, plus more for garnish, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup grated pecorino cheese, plus more for garnish, Kosher salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup pine nuts, Kosher salt, 3 shallots, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 pounds heirloom tomatoes, cut into pieces, Freshly ground pepper], title: Basil Gnocchi, picturelink: .hrjs.mxsVDMNRLCKBKX6LiJbhGQXMS}, 56321: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Generously grease a large rimmed baking sheet with olive oil.nArrange the fillets on the baking sheet in one layer. Drizzle the 2 tablespoons of olive oil over the fish and season with salt and black pepper. Bake until the fish is flaky and just fully cooked through, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, finely grate the zest of 1 lemon and 1 orange into a small bowl and add the parsley, good olive oil, red pepper flakes, a pinch of salt, a few grinds of black pepper, juice of half the lemon and juice of half the orange. Stir gently to combine.nSlice the remaining lemon and orange. Serve the fish topped with the gremolata and citrus slices., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for the pan, Six 3 to 4ounce branzino fillets, bones removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, 2 oranges, 12 cup flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon goodquality extravirgin olive oil, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes], title: Baked Branzino with Citrus Gremolata, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 56322: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch pie plate, rolling pin and pastry brush Cheese graternPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll 12 the short crust pastry to 14inch thickness and cut out a 14inch circle. Line a 9inch pie plate with the pastry, trim away the excess and crimp the edge.nRoll out the rest of the pastry to 14inch thickness. Cut the pastry into 12inch strips. On a piece of parchment paper or waxed paper weave the strips of pastry into a lattice that will cover the top of a 9inch pie plate with 1inch of overhang. Refrigerate the pie shell and lattice for at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, cut the apple quarters into 14inch thick slices. Toss the apples with the sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, nutmeg, and salt. Whisk together the egg yolk and water to make an egg wash. Brush the inside edge of the pastry with the egg wash. Arrange the apples in the pie shell and dab the top with pieces of cold butter. Slide the lattice top over the apples. Press the pastry of the lattice firmly on the crimped edge to seal the 2 together. Brush the lattice with egg wash. Place the pie on a baking sheet and bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes.nSift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Using a cheese grater, grate the butter and shortening into the flour. Combine the mixture with your fingers until it resembles cornmeal. Add the ice cold water and mix with a spoon, pulling the water into the flour until a dough forms.nWith your hands, shape the dough into 2 balls and flatten them into disks. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Store in the refrigerator for up to 4 days and in the freezer for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 12 pounds short crust pastry, recipe follows, 7 cups Royal Gala apples, cored and quartered about 5 apples, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Pinch salt, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces unsalted butter, cold, 8 ounces shortening, cold, 12 cup ice cold water], title: Grandmas Apple Pie, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 56323: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees. Spray a baking sheet with canola oil cooking spray.nHeat the oil in a nonstick skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion, green pepper, and jalapeno and cook until the peppers soften slightly, about 3 minutes. Add the ginger and garlic and cook for one minute more. Set aside to cool slightly.nIn a large mixing bowl combine the pepperscallion mixture with the crab, lime zest, lime juice, cilantro, egg, 12 cup of the Panko, 1 tablespoon of the mayonnaise, and the salt.nPut the remaining 12 cup Panko on a plate. Form the crab mixture into 8 crab cakes and gently roll each in the Panko and place on the prepared baking sheet. Spray the tops of the crab cakes with the canola oil cooking spray to coat lightly.nBake the crab cakes until they are golden brown on the bottom, about 10 minutes. Gently turn them over and cook for 10 minutes on the other side. In the meantime, in a small bowl stir together the yogurt with the remaining 2 tablespoons mayonnaise and the chiligarlic sauce.nTo serve, top each crab cake with about 12 teaspoon of the spicy cream and one cilantro leaf.nExcellent source of: Copper, Phosphorus, Protein, Selenium, Vitamin B6, Vitamin B12, Vitamin C, Vitamin K, ZincnGood source of: Calcium, Folate, Magnesium, Manganese, Niacin, Potassium, Vitamin B6, ingredients: [Canola oil cooking spray, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, green and white parts, 1 medium green bell pepper, finely diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely diced, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger root, 2 cloves of garlic, 1 pound of crab claw meat, picked over, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus 18 whole cilantro leaves, 1 large egg, beaten to mix, 1 cup of Panko breadcrumbs, or regular unseasoned breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons canola mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 cup nonfat, plain Greekstyle thickened yogurt, 1 teaspoon hot chiligarlic sauce, such as Sriracha, plus more to taste], title: Crab Cakes with Spicy Cream, picturelink: l1.ojKb3TC3GO0Dbgi6fbJsa.rErjO}, 56324: {instructions: LowSodium Recipen1. Preheat oven to 225 degrees F.n2. Sprinkle cherry tomatoes with 1 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic and Herb Seasoning Blend.n3. Cook for 30 minutes or until tomatoes are soft.n4. Toss with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Garlic and Herb Seasoning Blend, 2 cups pasta shells, medium size, cooked, 12 cup cherry tomatoes cut in half, 2 Tbsp. extra virgin olive oil, 1 Tbsp. red wine vinegar, 3 oz. low fat ricotta cheese], title: Mediterranean Pasta Shells, picturelink: GNSOYX4AAENEy1YyWycDfedsGcoKSXu}, 56325: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Combine Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Light Mayonnaise, Creamy Dijon Mustard and honey in medium bowl reserve 12 for dipping.n2. Add chicken to remaining mayonnaise mixture stir to coat. Mix corn flakes with Parmesan Cheese, then roll chicken in crumbs.n3. Arrange on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 10 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Serve with reserved honey mustard sauce., ingredients: [6 Tbsp. Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Light Mayonnaise, 1 Tbsp. Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Honey Mustard, 1 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into strips, 112 cups finely crushed corn flakes, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Honey Mustard Chicken Fingers, picturelink: null}, 56326: {instructions: Special equipment: A pizza stonenPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the corn flour onto a baking sheet and roast for 15 minutes.nMix the roasted corn flour, wheat flour, yeast, honey, salt and 12 cup water in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook attachment. Start mixing at low speed for 4 minutes then increase to high speed for 7 minutes. Add the chestnuts and continue mixing for 1 more minute at low speed. Let the dough rest for 1 12 hours in the mixing bowl at room temperature.nTransfer the dough from the mixing bowl to a flat surface and shape into a dough round. Cover the dough and let rise for 1 hour at room temperature. Shape the dough into a round ball and leave covered with a damp cloth on a sheet pan at room temperature for an additional 2 hours. Uncover the dough.nPreheat the oven and a pizza stone, if desired, to 480 degrees F. Bake the dough on the pizza stone or a sheet pan for 25 minutes. Turn the oven off and let the bread stand inside for 10 minutes. The bread should sound hollow when knocked on the bottom. Take the bread out of the oven and enjoy., ingredients: [1 teaspoon corn flour, 34 cup wheat flour, 2 tablespoons fresh yeast, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 14 cup canned chestnuts in syrup], title: Maison Kaysers Chestnut Bread, picturelink: null}, 56327: {instructions: Rinse the turkey giblets and turkey neck. Place in a medium sauce pot and cover with cold water. Over medium low heat, simmer the giblets for 1 hour. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the vermouth in a small saucepan and bring it to a simmer over high heat, then turn off the heat. Add the sultanas to the vermouth and let them soak for 10 minutes.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot of cold water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Once fully cooked, drain and cool on a baking sheet.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, cook the sausage in a large pan over medium heat. Add the celery and onion, cooking until the onions are translucent. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Remove and set aside.nIn a large bowl, toss the savory, thyme, oregano, sage, potato, bread crumbs, and sultanas. Add the sausage mixture, salt and pepper. Spread the dressing in a large glass baking dish. Drizzle the mixture with giblet broth. Cover with foil, and bake for 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [Giblets, reserved from the turkey, 1 cup red vermouth, 1 cup sultanas or raisins, 4 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 pound 10 ounces breakfast sausage, crumbled, 4 stalks celery, diced about 3 cups, 2 small onions, diced about 1 13 cups, 6 cloves garlic, finely minced about 2 tablespoons, 1 bunch savory, leaves chopped, 1 bunch thyme, leaves chopped, 1 bunch oregano, leaves chopped, 2 teaspoons sage, leaves chopped, 4 cups bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato and Sausage Dressing, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 56328: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Add mushroom slices and cook them until softened, about 6 minutes, flipping the slices about halfway through cooking. Remove them from heat and set aside to cool.nSeason chicken cutlets with salt, black pepper, and garlic powder. Lay the cutlets flat, side by side. Spread a cheese wedge over each cutlet and evenly top them with red peppers and basil. Place the mushroom slices horizontally over the basil.nOne at a time, tightly roll the chicken cutlets up from the bottom and around the filling secure with toothpicks. Place the chicken rolls in a baking pan sprayed with nonstick spray, seam sides down.nCover the pan with foil, and bake in the oven for 20 minutes.nCarefully remove the foil and return the pan to the oven, uncovered, to bake until the chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, to make the sauce, combine tomato bisque, sour cream, and Italian seasoning in a microwavesafe bowl. Mix well.nOnce the chicken is fully cooked, cover the sauce and microwave for 1 minute, and then stir well. Remove toothpicks from the chicken rolls, plate them, and evenly cover with the sauce.nGarnish with additional basil leaves and enjoy, ingredients: [1 large portabella mushroom cap, sliced, 2 5ounce raw boneless skinless lean chicken breast cutlets, pounded to 12inch thickness, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 wedges light spreadable Swiss cheese recommended: The Laughing Cow Light, room temperature, 13 cup jarred roasted red peppers, drainedand sliced, 6 large leaves fresh basil, plus more, for garnish, 12 cup creamy tomato soup with 4g fat or less per serving recommended: Amys Chunky Tomato Bisque, 14 cup fatfree sour cream, 18 teaspoon Italian seasoning], title: Chicken Amore, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 56329: {instructions: Place chunked apples, brown sugar, juice or cider, cinnamon and nutmeg in a medium pot over mediumhigh heat and let cook 15 minutes, stirring occasionally and reducing heat to medium when mixture comes to a boil.nPreheat nonstick griddle pan or skillet over medium to medium high heat.nPut the potatoes and onion in a colander. Squeeze liquid out of potatoesonion. Place potatoesonion in a bowl and work quickly to avoid discoloring potatoes. Add egg, salt, baking soda, and nutmeg.nCombine pancake mixture and place bowl near stove. Melt a pat of butter on skillet pan and drop 3 to 4 inch circles of potato mixture onto hot surface. Cook pancakes 3 or 4 minutes on each side and repeat process until pancake mixture is gone.nStir hot, chunky applesauce to break up cooked apples and remove from heat. Layer pancakes with warm apple mixture and serve., ingredients: [4 McIntosh apples, chunked, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 cups all natural apple juice or fresh cider, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, a few pinches, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or a few pinches ground, 3 medium to large Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and shredded with hand grater, 1 medium yellow skinned onion, peeled and grated, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, freshly grated or a few pinches ground, A few tablespoons butter, for frying pancakes], title: The Yukon via Vermont: Yukon Gold Potato Pancakes and Chunky Applesauce, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 56330: {instructions: In sauce pot bring to a boil tomatoes, red wine, capers, olives, red pepper, oregano, and salt. Cook for 15 to 20 minutes. In casserole, place eel with skin side down and pour tomatoes over it. Cover with foil and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes. Garnish with basil leaves., ingredients: [2 pounds eel, filleted and skinned, cut into 4inch pieces, 2 28ounce cans San Marzano tomatoes, 1 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons capers, 12 Gaeta olives, 1 teaspoon red pepper, 1 teaspoon oregano, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 basil leaves], title: Eel Livornese, picturelink: null}, 56331: {instructions: Whisk together the olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl. In a separate medium bowl, place the arugula. Spoon a small amount of the dressing onto the arugula and toss to coat. Spread a bed of arugula on a plate and set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the sliced artichokes, fennel, 12 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon pepper with the remaining dressing. Mix well to coat. Mound the artichoke mixture on top of the arugula. Top with the shaved Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice 1 large lemon, 1 12 cups baby arugula, 5 baby artichokes, trimmed and thinly sliced, 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup shaved Parmesan], title: Artichoke and Fennel Crudo, picturelink: 8j.vb0lzM16n68BTJoHKURlCkag0NyG}, 56332: {instructions: In a large straightsided saute pan over medium heat, add the olive oil, pepper and a pinch of salt. Heat and toast the pepper until the oil is fragrant with the pepper scent, 3 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large pot of boiling, salted water, cook the pasta until al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain in a colander and allow the moisture to evaporate from the pasta for a couple of minutes.nAdd the pasta to the pan with the olive oil, raise the heat to mediumhigh and continuously toss the pasta with tongs to coat with the olive oil and pepper. Remove from the heat, add the lemon zest and cheese, toss and then transfer to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon freshly ground coarse pepper, Salt, 1 pound angel hair pasta, 1 lemon, zested, 3 ounces manchego or Parmesan, finely grated], title: Peppery Pasta, picturelink: 0asPxIkidCQ0M9ZBgk6xmyWqqbvYwtO}, 56333: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nBring 5 quarts of salted water to a boil in a stockpot.nCombine all the ingredients except the penne and butter in a large mixing bowl. Mix well.nDrop the penne into the boiling water and parboil for 4 minutes. Drain well in a colander and add to the ingredients in the mixing bowl, tossing to combine.nDivide the pasta mixture among 6 shallow ceramic gratin dishes 1 12 to 2cup capacity. Dot with the butter and bake until bubbly and brown on top, 7 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup crushed tomatoes in thick tomato puree, 12 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano 1 12 ounces, 12 cup shredded imported Italian fontina 1 12 ounces, 14 cup crumbled Italian Gorgonzola 1 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 14 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced, 6 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 pound imported penne rigate pasta, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter], title: Penne with Five Cheeses, picturelink: null}, 56334: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Cut the tomatoes in half, crosswise. With your index finger poke out the seeds from the cavities. Sprinkle the halves lightly with salt and put the tomato upside down on a rack to drain for 20 minutes or more. Blend all of the remaining ingredients in a mixing bowl. Correct the seasoning. Sprinkle the insides of each tomato half with black pepper, then fill with 1 or 2 spoonfuls of the stuffing. Sprinkle with a few drops of olive oil. Arrange the tomatoes in the oiled baking dish. They can be prepared up to this point several hours ahead. Place the baking dish in the upper third of the preheated oven and bake the tomatoes until tender but still holding their shape, 10 to 15 minutes. The bread crumb filling should be lightly browned., ingredients: [4 firm, ripe medium tomatoes, Salt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 3 tablespoons minced fresh basil, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme or 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 tablespoon oregano, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup dry white bread crumbs], title: Tomatoes Provencale, picturelink: null}, 56335: {instructions: To make the cream puffs: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large saucepan, bring the water, butter, salt, and granulated sugar to a rolling boil over mediumhigh heat. When it boils, immediately take the pan off the heat. Stirring with a wooden spoon, add all the flour at once and stir hard until all the flour is incorporated, 30 to 60 seconds. Return the pan to the heat and cook, stirring, 30 seconds to evaporate some of the moisture.nScrape the mixture into a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix at medium speed. With the mixer running, and working 1 egg at a time, add 3 of the eggs, stopping after each addition to scrape down the sides of the bowl. Mix until the dough is smooth and glossy and the eggs are completely incorporated. The dough should be thick, but should fall slowly and steadily from the beaters when you lift them out of the bowl. If the dough is still clinging to the beaters, add the remaining egg and mix until incorporated.nUsing a pastry bag fitted with a large plain tip, pipe the dough onto the baking sheet, in 2inch diameter rounds or balls. Whisk the remaining egg with 1 12 teaspoons water. Brush the surface of the rounds with the egg wash to knock down the points you may not use all the egg wash. Bake 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until puffed up, and light golden brown, about 20 minutes more. Try not to open the oven door too often during the baking. Let cool on the baking sheet.nTo fill the cream puffs, place a pastry tip on your finger and poke a whole in the bottom of each puff. Whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla until stiff. Pipe whipped cream into each cream puff and chill until ready to serve, no more than 4 hours.nNotes about the recipe: The moisture in the eggs turns to steam and puffs the batter to try to release itself. You can fill them with anything., ingredients: [1 cup water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons granulated sugar, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 to 4 eggs, plus 1 egg for egg wash, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla], title: Cream Puffs, picturelink: null}, 56336: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine carrots and ginger dressing. Mix well to combine., ingredients: [2 cups preshredded carrots, 3 tablespoons storebought ginger dressing], title: CarrotGinger Salad, picturelink: null}, 56337: {instructions: Combine the milk, crab boil seasoning, pepper, salt, and onion in an electric skillet, cover, and bring to a simmer. Add the catfish to the liquid, spooning some of the liquid over the fillets.nReduce the heat to low, around 140 to 145 degrees, cover the skillet, and poach for 6 to 9 minutes., ingredients: [1 12ounce can evaporated milk, 1 teaspoon crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 onion, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 catfish fillets], title: Catfish au Lait, picturelink: null}, 56338: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F with 2 racks set in the middle. Stir together 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon of the oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, thyme, garlic and 14 teaspoon salt together in a 2quart baking dish. Add the beets and stir to coat in the liquid. Cover the baking dish with aluminum foil and bake in the upper rack of the oven until the beets are forktender, about 1 hour, stirring the beets once halfway through the cooking time.nMeanwhile, spread the walnuts on a baking sheet and toast on the lower rack of the oven until slightly darkened in color and fragrant, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool completely. Finely chop 3 of the toasted walnuts and reserve for garnish.nRemove the thyme from the baking dish and discard. Cool the beets and cooking liquid slightly, about 10 minutes. Add the beets, cooking liquid along with the cooked garlic, whole toasted walnuts, lentils, remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to a food processor. Process until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Season with the remaining 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar if desired.nTransfer the dip to a small serving bowl and garnish with the reserved walnuts. Serve with pita chips and vegetables., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 cloves garlic, crushed with the back of a knife, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium red beets about 12 ounces total, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 12 cup walnuts, One 15ounce can organic lowsodium brown or black lentils, drained and rinsed well, Serving suggestions: Dippers such as baked pita chips and sliced cucumbers, bell peppers andor carrots], title: Roasted Beet and Lentil Dip, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 56339: {instructions: For the crust: All ingredients should be cold. Combine all the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Add shortening and butter. Using a pastry blender cut in the shortening and butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Drop by drop, add cold water. Mix in with the fingertips, not with the hands as the palms will warm the dough. Continue mixing water in until the dough begins to hold together without being sticky but not crumbly. Place dough in plastic wrap. Fold over plastic wrap and press down to form a disk. This will make rolling out easier after chilling. Finish wrapping in plastic and place in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour.nLightly spray a deep 9inch pie pan or an 8 12inch fluted flan pan. Roll out dough and place in pie plate. Return to the refrigerator until filling is ready. Makes pastry for a 9inch single crust pie.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nFor the filling: Brush egg wash on the inside of pie crust. Return to refrigerator until filling is ready. Over medium heat, melt butter. Add onions and saute until translucent. Do not brown. Combine eggs, sour cream and flour. Add onion mixture. Season with salt and pepper and pour into chilled pie crust. Top with Parmesan. Bake for 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees F for the last 20 minutes or until center is set., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher or Hawaiian salt, 14 cup cold allvegetable shortening, cut into small pieces, 14 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Cold water, 14 egg yolk and 1 teaspoon water for egg wash, 12 cup unsalted butter, 2 pounds Vidalia onions, thinly sliced, 3 large eggs, beaten, 1 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher or Hawaiian salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan], title: Vidalia Onion Pie, picturelink: null}, 56340: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeparate the yolks from the whites of 3 of the eggs set aside the whites. Add the remaining whole egg to the yolks.nIn a saucepan, whisk together 12 cup sugar, the flour and 12 teaspoon salt. Stir in the whole egg and 3 yolks, and then stir in the milk. Cook uncovered, stirring often, until the mixture thickens, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSpread a thin layer of the pudding in a 1 12quart casserole dish. Arrange a layer of vanilla wafers on top of the pudding. Thinly slice the bananas crosswise, about 18 inch thick, and arrange a layer of banana slices over the wafers. Spread onethird of the remaining pudding over the bananas and continue layering wafers, bananas and pudding, ending with pudding.nTo make the meringue, beat the reserved egg whites with a pinch of salt until they are stiff. Gradually beat in the remaining 14 cup sugar and continue beating until the whites will not slide out of the mixing bowl when it is tilted.nSpread the meringue over the pudding with a spatula, making a few decorative peaks on top, and bake until the meringue is lightly browned, 5 minutes., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon plus a pinch salt, 2 cups whole milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 30 to 40 vanilla wafers, 3 to 4 medium ripe bananas], title: Banana Pudding, picturelink: nvkKD3D3kLst4kdPoa292bQhMzliq}, 56341: {instructions: Press out roasted garlic. Place both fresh and roasted garlic into a food processor and process until finely chopped. Add chickpeas, lemon juice, tahini, habanero powders, cumin, salt and pepper to taste, and a bit of cilantro if desired. Process until chickpeas reach a smooth texture. With processor running, add olive oil in a thin stream until hummus reaches the desired consistency. Taste and add salt to taste.nTo serve, remove to a serving bowl and surround with triangles of pita bread. Drizzle with a bit of olive oil and garnish with chopped cilantro. Add a shake of habanero powder for color, if you darenYou may choose to hold the habanero powders out of the processing and divide the hummus into 2 bowls. Then add half of both of the habanero powders to 1 bowl and serve the other bowl mild., ingredients: [8 cloves roasted garlic, about 12 head, 8 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 15ounce cans chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 4 ounces lemon juice, 4 ounces tahini, 34 teaspoon red savina habanero chile powder, 34 teaspoon smoked chocolate habanero chile powder, Ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cilantro, finely chopped, Olive oil, Pita bread], title: RISA GS KICKBUTT HUMMUS, picturelink: null}, 56342: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crepes: In a medium, bowl, whisk together the chickpea flour, 1 12 cups water, 14 cup of the olive oil, cumin, salt, coriander and pepper. In a 10inch nonstick skillet heat 1 teaspoon of oil over mediumhigh heat. Pour 13 cup of the batter into the pan. Tilt the pan so the batter coats the bottom of the pan. Cook until the underside edges begin to turn golden, about 3 minutes. Using a heatproof silicone spatula, flip the crepe and continue to cook on the other side until golden, 3 minutes. Repeat with the remaining oil and batter to make a total of 8 crepes.nFor the custard: In a 12inch nonstick skillet, cook the pancetta over mediumhigh heat until crispy, about 12 minutes. Remove from the heat. Using a slotted spoon, remove the pancetta and drain on paper towels. In a medium bowl beat the eggs and milk together until smooth. Add the tomatoes, basil, thyme, salt and pepper. In another medium bowl, mix the Cheddar and fontina together.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9by13by2inch glass or ceramic baking dish with cooking spray and set aside.nTo assemble the lasagna, ladle 1 cup of the custard into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Arrange two crepes, sidebyside on top. Sprinkle onequarter of the cheese mixture on top. Sprinkle onequarter of the pancetta over the cheese. Repeat the layers using the remaining crepes, custard, cheese and pancetta. Pour any remaining custard over the lasagna and bake until puffed and golden, 30 to 35 minutes. Cut into squares and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups chickpea flour, 14 cup plus 8 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces finely diced pancetta, 8 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups whole milk, at room temperature, One 7ounce jar sundried tomatoes, drained and coarsely chopped, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded white Cheddar 8 ounces, 2 cups shredded fontina 8 ounces, Vegetable oil cooking spray], title: Breakfast Lasagna, picturelink: jBDEqh15kxDmnOiiUbdof9wVJgG1Ibu}, 56343: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nBrown the franks in a small skillet over medium heat. Lightly toast the buns under the broiler. Put the franks on the buns and spoon on a bunch of chili. Add the cheese all over the top, then heat in the microwave to melt the cheese, 25 to 35 seconds. Or if youre using an ovensafe plate, place it under a low broiler until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. Sprinkle with the onion and dive in.nIn a large, heavy pot, brown the ground beef with the garlic over medium heat until the beef is totally cooked, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain off most of the excess fat, leaving a little behind for moisture and flavor. Add the tomato sauce, tomato paste, chili powder, cumin, oregano, salt and cayenne. Stir together well, cover the pot and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally if the liquid level seems low, add up to 1 cup water to keep it from burning.nAfter an hour, stir in the kidney and pinto beans. In a small bowl, combine the masa harina with 12 cup water and stir together with a fork until its smooth. Pour the masa mixture into the chili. Stir together well, then taste the chili and adjust the seasonings. Simmer the chili for another 10 minutes to thicken, then turn off the heat and let it cool.nFill freezer bags with 2cup portions and freeze them flat for easy stacking or freeze in other freezersafe containers., ingredients: [2 goodquality beef franks, 2 goodquality hot dog buns, 2 cups chili, recipe follows, heated, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 2 tablespoons finely diced onion, 4 pounds ground beef, 6 cloves garlic, minced, Two 8ounce cans tomato sauce, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 14 cup chili powder, or more as desired, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or more as desired, Two 15ounce cans kidney beans, drained and rinsed, Two 15ounce cans pinto beans, drained and rinsed, 12 cup masa harina corn flour or regular cornmeal], title: Chili Dogs, picturelink: null}, 56344: {instructions: Pour the Jagermeister into a 1 ounce shot glass. Pour the beer into a pint glass. Drop the shot into the beer and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 ounce Jagermeister, 10 ounces cold beer], title: The Classic Bomb, picturelink: null}, 56345: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Whisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, wheat germ, salt, lemon zest and thyme in a medium bowl. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, work the butter into the flour mixture until it is in peasize pieces. Gently stir in the buttermilk with a wooden spoon until just moistened. The dough will be loose.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead 3 to 5 times, just until it comes together. Dont overknead or the biscuits will be tough. Roll out to 12 inch thick, then cut out biscuits using a floured 2inchround cutter. Arrange on an ungreased baking sheet. Reroll the scraps and cut out more biscuits. Brush the tops with water and sprinkle lightly with salt and thyme.nBake the biscuits until golden brown, 12 to 15 minutes. Serve warm.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons wheat germ, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, plus more for sprinkling, 4 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 cup buttermilk], title: LemonThyme Biscuits, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 56346: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Cook the onions and garlic, stirring occasionally, until the onions become translucent, about 7 minutes. Do not brown or caramelize the onions. Add the tomato puree. While mixing the puree with the onion mixture, stir in the vinegar. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Fold in the sugar and molasses using a wooden spoon. Stir from the bottom of the saucepan in an upward motion to prevent the sugar from scorching or sticking to the pan. Cook until the sugar and molasses have liquefied, about 10 minutes. Thoroughly mix in the liquid smoke and Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning. Cook, stirring occasionally, about 15 minutes. Add the crushed red pepper if using and the lemon juice. Reduce to a simmer and stir occasionally, about 15 minutes. The sauce is done when the pigment has darkened and bubbles have formed at the surface.nCombine the salt and liquid smoke with a whisk in a large mixing bowl. Blend until there are no clumps. Add the black pepper, sugar, garlic, mustard, onion, paprika, flavor enhancer seasoning and ground red pepper. Whisk until thoroughly blended. Place the seasoning in a 1quart storage container with the lid tightly sealed.nYield: 3 34 cups., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly minced garlic, Two 29ounce cans tomato puree, 2 cups red wine vinegar, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 cup molasses, 12 cup hickory flavored liquid smoke, 5 tablespoons Coyote Bait Hickory Flavored Campfire Seasoning, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper, optional, 2 tablespoons lemon juice concentrate, such as ReaLemon from concentrate, 1 cup table salt, 1 teaspoon hickory flavored liquid smoke, 34 cup ground black pepper, 34 cup granulated sugar, 5 tablespoons granulated garlic, 5 tablespoons powdered mustard, 4 tablespoons granulated onion, 4 tablespoons ground paprika, 1 tablespoon flavor enhancer seasoning, such as Accent, 1 tablespoon ground red pepper], title: Coyote Bait Spicy Flavored BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56347: {instructions: In a food processor, combine flour and salt and pulse for a few seconds. Next add 1 12 tablespoons of the butter and the cream cheese and process for 15 seconds. Then, add the remaining 4 12 tablespoons butter and process for 6 seconds. Finally, add 1 tablespoon ice water and pulse 4 times. Empty the contents of the processor into a plastic bag and knead, so your warm hands dont touch the dough. Form a flat round. Keep the dough in the bag and chill for 45 minutes before rolling out. Place in a pie dish, add your favorite filling and cook accordingly., ingredients: [56 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2.25 ounces regular cream cheese, 1 tablespoon ice water], title: Piecrust, picturelink: null}, 56348: {instructions: For the dressing: Combine the egg yolks, mustard, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, anchovy paste and some salt and pepper in a food processor. With the processor running, slowly add the oil until the dressing is thick and creamy.nFor the salad: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nSprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and dust with the paprika. Brown the chicken on the grill pan on both sides, then transfer the chicken to a baking sheet. Roast in the oven until cooked through, 15 to 18 minutes. Slice the chicken into strips.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Combine the Parmesan and Romano cheese in a bowl. Using a tablespoon, make a few piles of cheese in the skillet. Let the cheese melt, and then flip the crisps. Cook until lightly browned on both sides. Place the cheese crisps on a paper towel.nWipe out the grill pan and heat it over mediumhigh heat. Brush the romaine hearts on both sides with the olive oil. Grill the romaine hearts in batches, turning once, until just charred.nTo serve: Place 2 romaine hearts on each plate side by side, top with a few chicken strips, drizzle with the dressing and garnish with the cheese crisps., ingredients: [2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Juice from 1 lemon, 2 to 3 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup grated Romano cheese, 4 romaine lettuce hearts, sliced in half lengthwise, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad, picturelink: ea4pM4CT4p8KhfNgB6yt.LrINWNJOe}, 56349: {instructions: For the mustard vinaigrette: Add the vinegar, honey, mustard, hot sauce, garlic and lemon juice to a medium mixing bowl. Whisk constantly while slowly adding the vegetable oil. Whisk until fully combined. Taste the vinaigrette and season with salt and black pepper.nFor the sausage and peppers: Bring a medium pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes and sweet potatoes and boil until they are almost cooked, but still raw in the center, about 5 minutes. Drain and cool them completely until ready to grill.nPreheat a chargrill to mediumhigh heatnCombine the potatoes, sausages, oil, grill seasoning and bell peppers in a large bowl. Toss carefully until well coated. Grill the sausages, peppers and potatoes until char marks have formed and everything is completely heated through, about 6 minutes.nRemove and arrange on a platter. Drizzle with some of the mustard vinaigrette. Serve extra vinaigrette on the side.nTo serve, garnish with scallions, parsley and fresh herbs. Serve warm., ingredients: [Mustard Vinaigrette:, 12 cup goodquality light vinegar, 1 tablespoon Florida honey, 1 tablespoon spicy mustard, Several splashes Florida hot sauce, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 cup vegetable oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sausage, Peppers and Sweet Potatoes:, 2 large Florida potatoes, cut into 34inch slices, 2 large Florida sweet potatoes, cut into 34inch slices, 2 pounds spicy smoked cooked sausage, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, 2 Florida bell peppers, sliced, 12 cup scallions, sliced, 14 cup fresh Florida parsley, finely chopped, Assorted fresh herbs, for garnish], title: Grilled Spicy Sausage with Florida Sweet Potatoes and Peppers with Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 56350: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil, then reduce it to a simmer. Add the milk, halfandhalf, sugar, and cinnamon, and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer an additional 30 minutes. Strain and serve hot or cold., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 14 cup milk, 14 cup halfandhalf, 13 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 2 teaspoons whole cloves, 2 teaspoons cardamom seeds, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Yogi Tea, picturelink: null}, 56351: {instructions: Cooks Note: Orange flower water is available at better liquor stores and Middle Eastern markets. Be very careful when adding this to your cocktail as it can easily overwhelm the flavors in this delicious drink.nAdd the gin, halfandhalf, simple syrup, orange flower water, vanilla if using, egg white and lemon and lime juices in a cocktail shaker. Shake vigorously for 3 minutes, or blend with an immersion blender until frothy, about 20 seconds. Pour into an icefilled highball glass, and top with the seltzer water.nFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell. For recipes that call for eggs that are raw or undercooked when the dish is served use shell eggs that have been treated to destroy Salmonella, by pasteurization or another approved method., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, such as Old Tom Gin, 2 ounces halfandhalf, 1 ounce simple syrup, 3 small dashes orange flower water, 2 drops vanilla extract, optional, 1 egg white, Juice of 12 lemon, Juice of 12 lime, Ice, 3 ounces seltzer water], title: Michaels Gin Fizz, picturelink: null}, 56352: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the mustard, garlic, cumin, oregano, allspice, chili powder, brown sugar and oil. Place the turkey breast in a 9 by13inch roasting pan. Spread the mustard mixture over the top and sides of the turkey to form a crust. Add the onions, carrots, and chicken stock to the pan. Roast for 45 minutes. Cover the pan loosely with foil and continue to bake for another 45 minutes or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 175 degrees F. Allow the turkey to rest for 20 minutes before serving.nRemove the vegetables and arrange on a serving platter. Remove the turkey and place on a cutting board. Pour about 12 cup of the pan juices into a small saucepan. Whisk in the flour until smooth. Whisk in the remaining pan juices. Bring the mixture to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes until the mixture thickens. Season the pan juices with salt and pepper and pour into a serving pitcher.nTo serve, slice the turkey into 14inch slices. Arrange the turkey slices on the serving platter with the roasted vegetables and serve with the pan juices., ingredients: [14 cup wholegrain mustard recommended: Maille, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon allspice, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 4 12 to 5pound turkey breast, on the bone, rinsed and patted dry with paper towels, 10 cipollini onions, 3 medium carrots, peeled, and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning], title: Spiced Turkey Breast, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 56353: {instructions: Bring water to light boil, turn off heat add the hibiscus flowers and cinnamon sticks. Cover and steep for 20 minutes.nStrain tea into desired container, add sugar and orange slices and serve over ice. Garnish each glass with a lemon slice.nChef Notes: This tea recipe can easily be doubled for a larger serving. When using herbs in tea making, longer is not better. Heating the herbs for extended time can release unfavorable qualities and bitterness found in herbs. The key is to add MORE herbs to strengthen flavor., ingredients: [48 ounces water, 3 tablespoons hibiscus flowers organically grown, 2 cinnamon sticks, 18 cup sugar, 1 small orange, sliced, Ice, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Hibiscus Tea, picturelink: null}, 56354: {instructions: In a large saute pan, heat oil. Add 1 cup millet and cook, stirring until the millet begins to toast and become brown. Add 2 cups boiling water, cover and simmer 30 minutes or until liquid has been absorbed. Let stand for five minutes then serve with milk, fruit of your choice and brown sugar., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup millet, 2 cups boiling water, Fruit, milk, brown sugar to serve], title: Hot Millet Cereal, picturelink: null}, 56355: {instructions: The fresh, raw duck or goose liver known as foie gras is from specially raised fowl that produce this large and fat liver much different in size than the ordinary ducks liver. Generally sold as grades A, B, or C where Grade A being the best and most expensive. Grade A foie gras is usually free of most blemishes and imperfections and requires the least time to clean of any veins and bile. All three grades will require some hand cleaning with a small paring knife. After the foie gras has been cleaned, it should be cut into 12inch thick slices weighing approximately 2 to 3 ounces each.nBring the vinegar and sugar to a boil. Add the shallots, jalapeno, raisins, garlic, ginger, salt and simmer 5 minutes. Add the peaches and simmer an additional 5 minutes before removing from the heat. Cool for 15 minutes, then serve or transfer to a clean container and refrigerate for up to one week.nSeason the sliced foie gras with salt and pepper just immediately before cooking. . Heat a clean, dry heavy bottomed saute pan until very hot. Place the foie gras in the pan and sear quickly on both sides. Serve on a bed of warm peach relish with sliced baguette croutons., ingredients: [14 cup white vinegar, 14 cup loosely packed light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 14 cup finely chopped red jalapeno pepper, 2 tablespoons raisins, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 firm white or other fresh peaches, blanched to remove the skin, pit removed and sliced, 1 pound fresh duck foie gras, Salt and pepper to taste, 12 slices french baguette bread, brushed with olive oil and toasted in a hot oven], title: Pan Roasted Foie Gras and White Peach Chili Relish, picturelink: null}, 56356: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nButter 2 8ounce ovenproof ramekins, and then dust them with cocoa powder, shaking off any excess.nMelt the chocolate and butter together in a bowl over a pan of gently simmering water. While the chocolate is melting, use an electric whisk or a hand held mixer to beat together the eggs and sugar until pale and thick. Pour the melted chocolate into the egg mixture and gently fold in the flour. Spoon the pudding into the ramekins and bake for 10 minutes.nServe the puddings in either the ramekins or turned out onto serving plates. Dust the puddings with cocoa powder and garnish with a dollop of creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 34 ounces unsalted butter, plus extra for coating ramekins, 1 34 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 1 egg, plus 1 yolk, 1 12 tablespoons caster sugar superfine, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, sifted, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for dusting, Creme fraiche, for garnish], title: Molten Chocolate Puddings, picturelink: null}, 56357: {instructions: Mix 3 chopped tomatoes, 1 diced seeded jalapeno, 1 diced red onion, 1 cup diced pineapple, 4 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 14 teaspoon each ground cumin and ground allspice, a pinch of sugar and salt to taste.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Pineapple Salsa, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 56358: {instructions: In a large skillet over medium high heat, melt the butter. When the foaming subsides, add the julienned carrots, turnips and parsnips and saute for 2 minutes. Add 14 cup water, cover and simmer just for 3 minutes or until the vegetables are just tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large carrots, julienned, 2 medium turnips, julienned, 1 parsnip, julienned, Salt and pepper], title: Vegetable Garnish, picturelink: null}, 56359: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish with nonstick spray. Place squash, cut side down, in prepared dish. Pierce each squash half several times with a toothpick or skewer. Bake until squash is tender, about 45 minutes.nUsing a large spoon, scrape squash into the bowl of a food processor, discarding the skin. Add 1 12 cups broth and the cinnamon and puree until smooth. Add remaining broth if needed. Transfer puree to a heavy large saucepan. Stir over medium heat until heated through. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls and top each with 3 Cheddar Cheese Coins and chives or scallions, if desired.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Drop 1 tablespoon shredded Cheddar onto parchment. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon ground pistachios onto the cheese. Repeat to make 12 coins, leaving approximately 2 inches of space between each. Bake for about 10 minutes or until the cheese just begins to brown. Remove from heat and let cool. Top each soup with 3 Cheddar Cheese Coins just before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 2pound butternut squash, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 12 to 2 cups vegetable broth can be made from bouillon cubes, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Salt and pepper, Cheddar Cheese Coins, recipe follows, Chopped fresh chives or scallions, for garnish, optional, 12 tablespoons shredded sharp Cheddar, 12 tablespoons toasted and ground pistachios], title: Butternut Squash and Cinnamon Soup, picturelink: null}, 56360: {instructions: Combine the Super Green Juice, gin and Simple Syrup in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a cucumber slice.nJuice, in this order, the lemons, apple, romaine, cucumber and greens, following your juicers specific settings for each. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired.nBring the sugar and 1 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. When the sugar is completely dissolved, remove the saucepan from the heat and cool the syrup to room temperature. Refrigerate, covered, for up to 1 month., ingredients: [3 ounces Super Green Juice, recipe follows, 2 ounces gin, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, Cucumber slice, for garnish, 1 to 2 large, juicy lemons, peel and pith removed, 1 medium Granny Smith apple, peeled and cored, 2 romaine leaves, 12 large cucumber, 1 cup loosely packed hearty greens, such as spinach or kale, 1 cup granulated sugar], title: Green Gimlet, picturelink: CilQdpsQJplBtcSkduptZFGnmRjxiK}, 56361: {instructions: Make shallow cuts between the ribs on the bone side with a sharp knife, piercing just the membrane.nMix 1 tablespoon salt, the brown sugar, garlic, thyme, chili powder, 14 teaspoon black pepper and the cayenne in a bowl. Rub the spice mixture evenly over the ribs. Place the ribs on a rack in a roasting pan, loosely cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight.nMeanwhile, combine the cider, ketchup, mustard and Worcestershire sauce in a saucepan over medium heat and simmer until reduced to about 2 cups, about 30 minutes. Cover and set aside.nPreheat a grill to low heat on one side. Cook the ribs boneside down on the cooler side of the grill, covered, until tender, about 2 hours 30 minutes. If using a charcoal grill, add more charcoal as needed to maintain the temperature. Continue to cook, uncovering every 10 minutes to baste with the sauce, until the ribs are glazed, about 40 more minutes. Remove from the grill and cut into pieces.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 racks pork spareribs about 6 pounds, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups apple cider, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce], title: ChiliGlazed Pork Ribs, picturelink: b9tLxn8nRnDxazSPQs6PQqKivPrqy.}, 56362: {instructions: Over medium heat in a medium nonstick skillet, toast seeds until they pop, 1 to 2 minutes. Add butter bits and melt them. Add pumpkin seeds and nuts to the pan and toast, tossing and turning the mixture to heat and toast. Remove to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 teaspoon caraway seed, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup packaged, salted pumpkin seeds, 1 cup walnut halves, 1 cup whole almonds], title: Spiced Cocktail Nuts, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 56363: {instructions: Special equipment: six 5 34by3 14inch mini loaf pansnFor the syrup: In a saucepan set over mediumhigh heat, combine 1 cup water, the brown sugar, cloves, cinnamon, star anise and orange slices. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and cook uncovered for 8 to 10 minutes. Strain with a fine mesh sieve and discard the solids.nFor the bread pudding: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a large bowl, combine the milk, pumpkin, brown sugar, butter, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt, cloves and eggs. In a separate large bowl, combine the bread with all but 14 cup of the syrup. Reserve the remaining 14 cup syrup. Pour the milk mixture over the bread and toss gently. Toss in 34 cup of the cheese, the almonds and raisins, and combine. Distribute the mixture evenly among 6 mini loaf pans and bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes.nWhile the pudding is still warm, pour the remaining 14 cup syrup over the tops of the loaves and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup cheese. Then top each loaf with some crushed cookies for a graveyard dirt effect.nFor the churros: In a medium saucepan, combine the butter, salt and 1 cup water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove from the heat, add the flour all at once and stir quickly with a wooden spoon to combine. Beat in the vanilla and then the eggs, one at a time, mixing well before adding the next. After adding each egg, the mixture will become glossy but will return to the thick consistency of mashed potatoes when combined. Spoon the dough into a pastry bag with a large 38 to 12inch round tip. Lightly spray a cookie sheet with nonstick cooking spray or line with parchment paper. Pipe 4inch rows of the dough with at least 1inch of space between each churro. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick comes out clean, 25 minutes.nPlace the cinnamon sugar in a shallow, square baking dish. Spray the churros lightly with the cooking spray and dip each one into the cinnamon sugar mixture. Roll around to make sure they are well coated.nPlace the melted white chocolate in a piping bag or plastic sandwich bag. Snip off the end and quickly drizzle the chocolate over the churros in a zigzag mummy wrap pattern, and then add candy eyes to the mummies. Place the mummies into the bread pudding graves and place a headstone above them. Enjoy your spooky treats, ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 3 cinnamon sticks, 3 whole star anise, 1 orange, unpeeled and sliced, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, 2 eggs, beaten, 6 cups cubed stale bread, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 14 cup slivered almonds, 14 cup golden raisins, Crushed cinnamon spice cookies, plus 6 whole cookies, such as Biscoff, 12 cup unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 eggs, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup cinnamon sugar blend, 6 ounces melted white chocolate or candy melts, Candy eyes, for garnish], title: Mexican Pumpkin Bread Pudding Graves with Baked Churro Mummies, picturelink: hUg9xLuyBX7k1RraAZazmDMUiYf7dVi}, 56364: {instructions: In a cheeseclothlined sieve set over a bowl, drain yogurt, chilled, for 1 hour. Discard liquid. Wearing rubber gloves, seed and devein jalapenos, reserving 14 teaspoon seeds. Cut chilies into pieces and in a blender puree with reserved chile seeds, coriander, fennel, and cumin seeds, and water until smooth.nIn skillet heat olive oil and cook chile puree, stirring frequently, until liquid evaporates, about 3 minutes, and cool completely.nIn a bowl stir together mint, parsley, and peanuts yogurt, chili puree, lime zest and lime juice. Taste and adjust with salt and pepper, to taste. Dip may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Serve with chips and vegetables., ingredients: [2 cups plain yogurt, 4 fresh jalapeno chilies, 1 12 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 12 cup fresh flatleafed parsley leaves, chopped, 14 cup dryroasted peanuts, chopped, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Potato chips, Assorted raw vegetables, such as: cherry tomatoes, trimmed radishes, cucumber spears, celery sticks], title: Spicy Yogurt Dip with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 56365: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 56366: {instructions: Shake all ingredients in an icefilled mixing glass. Strain into chilled martini glasses. Garnish with orange peels., ingredients: [2 ounces Absolut Mandrin, 34 ounce Campari, 1 ounce freshly squeezed honey tangerine juice, Orange peel strip to garnish], title: Honey Tangerine Martini, picturelink: null}, 56367: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn 10inch Dutch oven over medium heat, heat butter, water and salt until boiling. Remove from heat. Add flour all at once. With a wooden spoon, vigorously stir until mixture forms a ball and leaves the sides of the Dutch oven. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each, until smooth. Cool mixture slightly.nUsing a pastry bag and large tip, drop 3inch circles of choux paste around in a circle in a 12inch shallow Dutch oven with a parchment paper circle on the bottom. Bake 50 to 70 minutes, or until golden, firm and dry. Take off heat and leave in oven for 15 minutes. Cool. Use a timer and rotate lid and pot.nWhile puff ring is cooking, prepare Almond Pastry Cream. Mix sugar, flour, salt and milk together and cooking over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture thickens and boils. Boil 1 minute. In a small bowl beat egg yolks slightly. Temper the egg yolks by beating a small amount of the hot mixture into the eggs. Slowly pour the egg mixture back into the milk mixture, stirring well. Cook over mediumlow heat, stirring constantly until mixture thickens and coats spoon well. Do not boil. Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla and almond extracts and cool. Whip heavy whipping cream to stiff peaks, adding whip cream aid now, and fold into cooled pastry cream.nAfter puff ring cools, with a sharp knife, carefully cut puff ring in half horizontally. With spoon, remove soft interior and discard, leaving hollow ring shell. Fill bottom shell with cream, then place sliced strawberries on the top and then replace the top of the shell. Refrigerate to set up.nPrepare chocolate glaze by melting the chocolate and butter together in a 5inch Dutch oven, stirring constantly. Stir in powdered sugar and milk until smooth. Cool. Spread on top of ring while slightly warm. Refrigerate ring.nTo serve, fill center of ring with fresh chocolatedipped strawberries and serve immediately., ingredients: [34 cup butter, 1 12 cup water, 38 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 6 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups milk, 6 egg yolks, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon Whip Cream Aid available online and at specialty baking supply stores, 1 pint strawberries, 2 squares semisweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 3 tablespoons milk], title: Strawberry Cream Puffs Extraordinaire, picturelink: null}, 56368: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400. Cover the potatoes with water in a pot season with salt, cover and boil until just tender, 2 minutes. Drain.nWhisk the egg yolks, cheese, flour, and pepper to taste in a bowl.nHeat a 10inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over high heat. Add 2 tablespoons olive oil, the onion and chiles and cook until browned, 4 minutes. Add the ham and cook 3 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the potatoes to the skillet and cook until golden, 4 minutes. Add the paprika, parsley and garlic and cook 1 minute. Transfer to the same bowl.nBeat the egg whites, 2 tablespoons water and 12 teaspoon salt with a mixer until soft peaks form. Stir onethird of the whites into the yolk mixture, then gently fold in the rest. Oil the skillet, if dry, and place over mediumlow heat. Add the egg mixture, cover and cook until the top just sets, 4 to 6 minutes. Top with the filling and transfer to the oven, uncovered, until set, 5 to 7 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, Kosher salt, 6 large eggs, at room temperature, separated, 8 ounces manchego or aged provolone cheese, grated 2 cups, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Freshly ground pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more if needed, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 Anaheim chile peppers, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 14 pound boiled ham, cut into small cubes, 1 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Ham and Cheese Pan Souffle, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 56369: {instructions: 1. HEAT oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic. Cook and stir until golden. Add onion and peppers, cooking until tender.n2. ADD shrimp, salt and pepper. Cook shrimp until pink and tender. Serve over cooked linguine. Top with grated Parmesan cheese and parsley., ingredients: [14 cup Criscou00ae Pure Olive Oil, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 large red pepper, cut into strips, 12 pound medium raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 pound linguine, cooked and drained, Parmesan cheese, to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley], title: Shrimp and Sweet Red Pepper Linguine, picturelink: 8xHeRcb9HKljK7ex8ewaSCn.EvNBBwG}, 56370: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the cumin seeds, crushed red pepper and fennel seeds and cook until very aromatic, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the carrots, zucchini, onions, broccoli and celery and saute until the veggies are tender, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes, 8 cups water, chili powder, allpurpose seasoning, onion powder, basil, garlic powder, oregano and black pepper and stir to combine. Stir in the textured vegetable protein, then the beans. Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Taste and adjust seasoning if need. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons whole cumin seeds, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon whole fennel seeds, 3 pounds carrots, chopped, 4 medium zucchini, chopped, 3 large onions, chopped, 1 large bunch broccoli or 2 smaller ones, chopped, 1 bunch celery, chopped, 1 gallon chopped tomatoes packed in juice, 34 cup chili powder, 12 cup allpurpose seasoning, such as Spike, 12 cup onion powder, 13 cup dried basil, 13 cup garlic powder, 13 cup dried oregano, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 4 cups textured vegetable protein, soaked in hot water to reconstitute, then rinsed and drained, 6 cups canned kidney beans, rinsed and drained], title: Veggie Chili, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 56371: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSauerkraut:nAdd the oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Drop in the cabbage and saute for a few minutes until the greens have slightly wilted. Add the remaining ingredients to the pan and cook until the liquid has reduced by half and cabbage is tender but still has a slight crunch. Set aside.nMustard:nWhisk together all of the ingredients in a small bowl and set the sauce aside.nSchnitzel:nSet up a breading station using 3plates or pie dishes. To the first dish, add the flour. In the second dish, combine the eggs with the water and whisk them together. In the third dish, toss the bread crumbs with the paprika, garlic powder, onion powder and healthy pinches of salt and pepper, to taste.nLightly dredged the sausages in the flour, then in the egg wash, and then coat them thoroughly in the bread crumb mixture. Set them aside on a sheet tray.nHeat the canola oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the sausages until brown and crispy, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer them to a paper towellined plate to drain.nSlice open each roll lengthwise and stuff them with the fried sausages. Top the portions with some sauerkraut, drizzle with the mustard and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small head savoy cabbage, shredded, 34 cup German beer, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons German Beer, Pinch salt, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 14 cup water, 1 12 cups plain bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 pound or 6 links smoked bratwurst, butterflied, 2 cups canola oil, 6 pretzel rolls or small grinder rolls], title: Sausage Schnitzel with Quick Sauerkraut, picturelink: CiZryMO1oP2ddiU.nbyX2JgDDSxXK}, 56372: {instructions: If necessary, cut small vegetables in half. Hollow out the vegetables or pieces to make space for stuffing. If using eggplants, sprinkle them with salt and leave to drain for 20 minutes rinse, drain and dry. Blanch other vegetables briefly in boiling salted water to start the softening process and to fix their colors. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Fry the onion and garlic gently in the oil until softened, then allow to cool slightly. Mix the egg with the thyme and bread crumbs and season well with salt and pepper. Add the onion and mix well. Stuff the vegetables with the onion and thyme mixture, not packing the stuffing too tightly. Place in a greased baking tray. Drizzle the butter over the vegetables and sprinkle the cheese. Bake for about 30 minutes or until the smell of the vegetable starts to waft around you and your gastric juices start to flow. Serve hot or warm with a little extra oil and bread., ingredients: [18 small Roma tomatoes, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 eggs, well beaten, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 7 ounces fresh white bread crumbs, 2 ounces butter, melted, 2 ounces Parmesan, freshly grated, Salt and pepper], title: Stuffed Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 56373: {instructions: Season the skate with salt and pepper and dredge in the cornmeal. In a hot nonstick pan add oil and saute skate for about 5 minutes a side until golden brown. Place skate on top of rice noodles. Drizzle with vinaigrette and garnish with pink peppercorns.nIn a saucepot completely melt butter. On low heat, continue heating butter until a brown color is achieved. This will take about 30 minutes. Quickly deep fry capers in this butter which will puff up, sprinkle with salt and strain on paper towel. Do the same thing with the lemon grass, but place into a tall stainless steel container. The butter should still be hot and brown. Add the juice, shallots and Dijon to the lemon grass. With the blender running, slowly pour the hot butter into the mix to make the vinaigrette. Be careful, the butter will foam up. Add salt and pepper and check for seasoning.nIn a large bowl, toss everything together with the vinaigrette. Season and taste., ingredients: [4 6ounce skate wings, 1 cup cornmeal, Salt and black pepper to taste, Canola oil to cook, Rice Noodle and Pea Salad, recipe follows, Lemon Grass Caper Brown Butter Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Pink peppercorns, for garnish, 12 ounces of butter, 14 cup drained capers, 4 stalks minced lemon grass, white part only, 12 cup lemon juice, 2 sliced shallots, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Salt and black pepper to taste, 2 cups rice stick noodles, soaked in hot water, 1 cup blanched snap peas, 1 cup blanched snow peas, 8 Thai basil leaves, chiffonade, 1 cup red bell pepper, julienne, Juice of 1 lime, Brown butter vinaigrette, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Cornmeal Crusted Skate with Rice Noodle and Pea Salad Lemon Grass Caper Brown Butter Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 56374: {instructions: Ganache: Heat the heavy cream in a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan until bubbles begin to form around the edge of the pan. Place the finely chopped chocolate in a mediumsize mixing bowl. Make a ganache by pouring the hot cream over the chocolate and letting it sit for 30 seconds to melt the chocolate, then slowly whisking until smooth and homogenous. Pour it on a clean baking sheet to allow it to cool. As it cools, it begins to set and thicken. Raspberry syrup: Place the sugar and water in a nonreactive 1quart heavybottomed saucepan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. The sugar should completely dissolve. Add the raspberries and allow it to return to a boil. As it boils, whisk thoroughly to break the raspberries and allow them to release their juices. This will cause the syrup to turn red. Remove from the heat. Prepare an ice bath and strain the syrup through a finemesh sieve into a mediumsize bowl placed over the ice bath. Discard the seeds and any pulp. When the syrup is cool, add the framboise liqueur. If added when hot, the alcohol will evaporate. Store the syrup in a squeeze bottle or a bowl covered with plastic wrap until ready to use.nTo bake the Fontaines, place them on a baking sheet and bake until the phyllo wrapping begins to brown, 7 to 10 minutes. While these are baking, you can decorate the plate. You will need 6 phyllo triangles for each serving. Place 3 triangles in a circle in the center of each plate with the tips toward the edge. Place the whipped cream in a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch star tip. Pipe a dollop or rosette of whipped cream between each triangle and top each dollop with a raspberry.nRemove the Fontaines from the oven. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and center each on a plate, on top of the triangles. Stand 3 triangles on end to form a tower over the centered Fontaine. The raspberries will help support the triangles. Serve immediately.nJacques tip: Always store phyllo dough well wrapped in the refrigerator to keep it from drying. If it dries, you will have to throw it away. If the phyllo is frozen, you will not be able to separate the layers. Let it thaw, covered, at room temperature. It comes rolled up and you will want to lay it flat. If you have any slight tears in a layer, you can still use it by gluing it together with butter. If you tear a layer beyond repair, just throw it away.nPrepare the cake: Use a 2inch fluted round cutter to cut 12 small circles from the pound cake. The slices should be about 14 to 12inch thick. Keep the cuts as close together as possible to avoid waste. Line the circles up in rows on a parchment papercovered baking sheet and soak evenly with the raspberry syrup.nTo assemble the Fontaines: When the ganache has cooled to the consistency of toothpaste, scrape it into a pastry bag fitted with a 12inch plain tip and top each cake circle with a layer of ganache. I use a pastry bag because it is a clean, easy way to add the layer of ganache. Place 6 raspberries on top of the ganache layer and press gently to anchor them in the chocolate. Place the baking sheet in the freezer for about 15 minutes to allow the ganache to harden slightly. Lay 1 sheet of the phyllo on your work surface. Keep the remaining phyllo dough covered with a clean kitchen cloth to keep it from drying. Use a pastry brush to brush melted butter over the entire surface of the phyllo sheet. It will be easier if you start by brushing one line of butter lengthwise down the center and then fill in by brushing top to bottom from the center toward each edge. Be sure to brush all the way to the edges, where the phyllo is the driest. Place the powdered sugar in a finemesh sieve and liberally sprinkle the buttered phyllo sheet with it. Cover with a second sheet of phyllo and repeat with the butter and powdered sugar. Use a sharp paring knife to cut the doubled phyllo sheets in half from top to bottom and from left to right. Place one raspberry ganache cake in the center of each section of phyllo. Fold each side of the phyllo over the cake from left to right and tuck under the edges. Lightly brush the top with melted butter and place on a parchment papercovered baking sheet. Repeat these steps using four more phyllo sheets, until all of the cakes are wrapped. At this stage, the Fontaines can be stored in the refrigerator for a few hours or in the freezer for up to 2 weeks if well wrapped in plastic wrap to thaw, place in the refrigerator for one hour before baking.nTo make the phyllo garnish you should have the garnish ready before you bake the Fontaines: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F 200 degrees C. Lay 1 of the remaining sheets of phyllo dough on a parchment papercovered baking sheet. Use a pastry brush to spread about 2 tablespoons of the melted butter over the entire surface of the phyllo sheet, making sure to brush all the way to the edges. Using a finemesh sieve, liberally sprinkle the powdered sugar over the buttered phyllo. Cover with the remaining phyllo sheet and repeat with the butter and sugar. Use a sharp paring knife to cut the doubled phyllo in half lengthwise. Make diagonal cuts from the top to the bottom of each half to create thin elongated triangles 1 12 inches at the base and 4 inches tall. Bake until evenly golden brown, about 5 minutes. Stay at the oven and watch these carefully, because they burn very quickly after they brown. Remove from the oven and let cool on a wire rack. Leave the oven on.nUse a small offset spatula or knife to loosen the triangles from the parchment paper once they have cooled. Be gentle, they are extremely fragile.nTo bake the Fontaines, place them on a baking sheet and bake until the phyllo wrapping begins to brown, 7 to 10 minutes. While these are baking, you can decorate the plate. You will need 6 phyllo triangles for each serving. Place 3 triangles in a circle in the center of each plate with the tips toward the edge. Place the whipped cream in a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch star tip. Pipe a dollop or rosette of whipped cream between each triangle and top each dollop with a raspberry.nRemove the Fontaines from the oven. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and center each on a plate, on top of the triangles. Stand 3 triangles on end to form a tower over the centered Fontaine. The raspberries will help support the triangles. Serve immediately.nIn French, fontaine means fountain. When I created these, I imagined the chocolate oozing when the dessert was cut like water rushes out of a fountain. The combination of raspberries and chocolate is a popular one, the bittersweet chocolate balancing the strong flavor of the raspberries. This dessert is filled with contrasts: warmcold, acidsweet, crunchysmooth. The delicate crisp phyllo dough triangles create an architectural quality, giving the dessert an elegant height.nIt will be easiest if you make the ganache a few hours in advance and let it cool. If you put it in the refrigerator to cool, it will become too hard.nJacques tip: Always store phyllo dough well wrapped in the refrigerator to keep it from drying. If it dries, you will have to throw it away. If the phyllo is frozen, you will not be able to separate the layers. Let it thaw, covered, at room temperature. It comes rolled up and you will want to lay it flat. If you have any slight tears in a layer, you can still use it by gluing it together with butter. If you tear a layer beyond repair, just throw it away., ingredients: [Scant 12 cup heavy cream, 5 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, Pound cake, store bought, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, About 1 13 cups raspberries, 2 tablespoons Framboise liqueur, About 2 cups raspberries, 8 sheets phyllo dough, 34 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 13 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, whipped to stiff peaks, About 23 cup raspberries], title: The Fontaine, picturelink: null}, 56375: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMicrowave the potatoes following your microwaves instructions until the potatoes are tender to the touch, 5 to 6 minutes. Alternatively, bake in a 400 degree F oven until tender , about 45 minutes. Set the potatoes aside to cool until you can handle them. Once cooled, cut the potatoes in half and gently scrape out 1 or 2 tablespoons of flesh, creating a bowl. Place the potato skins fleshside up on a baking sheet. Drizzle the potatoes liberally with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until golden and crispy, about 10 minutes, and set aside.nIn a large heavybottomed skillet over medium heat, add 1 to 2 tablespoons of olive oil and add the Homemade Maple Sausage. Brown the sausage, breaking it up with a wooden spoon or potato masher as it cooks. Once the sausage has started to brown, add in the mushrooms. Saute the mushrooms until they have softened and any liquid they release cooks off, 4 to 5 minutes. Add the peppers and the white and light green parts of the scallion to the pan and cook, stirring occasionally until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, add the butter to a large nonstick skillet and place over mediumlow heat until the butter melts and begins to foam. Gently crack the eggs into the skillet, being sure to crack them as close to the surface of the pan as possible. Sprinkle the eggs with salt and pepper. For sunnyside up eggs with runny yolks, cook the eggs for 3 to 4 minutes.nWhile the egg cooks, stir the Cheddar into the hash and allow it to begin to melt, 1 to 2 minutes.nTo assemble, take a heaping spoonful of the Chive Sour Cream and spoon it over the bottom of the potato skin. Divide the sausage mixture evenly among the crisped potato skins. Top each skin with a sunnyside up egg and top with a dollop of the Chive Sour Cream and a sprinkling of scallion greens.nCooks Note: You can always make this with premade sausage. A potato masher is a great tool to break up sausage and insure a great sear.nIn a large bowl mix the pork, maple syrup, sage, salt, fennel seeds, garlic, onion and red pepper. Cook the sausage however you like  make patties and sear, or crumble and cook in a skillet like hash.nCooks Notes: You can use all different types of meats and spices to make the sausage your ownnMake sure you form the sausage patties in the same size and shape of the bread you are using, that way every bite you take of the sandwich has every component it.nMix sour cream, chive, salt and pepper together in a small bowl. Taste and adjust for seasoning as needed., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Homemade Maple Sausage, recipe follows, 8 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 green bell pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 4 scallions, white and light green parts, reserving dark green tops for garnish, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, 1 cup grated mild Cheddar, Chive Sour Cream, recipe follows, 1 pound ground pork, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped chives, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Stuffed Potato Skin Skillet Hash with Fried Eggs, picturelink: KHC05oOwe7y7ezzwkDqY1Aizgr07HB2}, 56376: {instructions: Beat the eggs, add the cream, salt, cinnamon and vanilla. Submerge the bread slices in the egg mixture for 5 minutes. Lay both sides of the bread in the almonds to coat. Heat the butter in a heavy pan until the foam subsides, then add the slices of bread. Cook over low flame until delicate brown. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, garnish with sliced fruit and serve hot., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup cream, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 slices thick bread, 2 cups coarsely ground almonds, 2 tablespoons butter, Powdered sugar, Sliced seasonal fruit], title: Pain Perdu, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 56377: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: butchers twinenMelt the butter in a saute pan. Add the carrots, celery, onion and leek and cook until soft and starting to caramelize, 25 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, remove the fillets from either side of the fish by first cutting down the backbone and then working from head to tail. I always leave the tail attached to one of the fillets because I like the look of it. Discard the head and bones, or save them for making stock. All of this, of course, you can have done by the fishmonger.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F220 degrees C with a baking sheet on the rack the hot baking sheet will ensure that the skin stays crisp.nWhen the vegetables are ready, pour over the wine and continue cooking until it has evaporated completely and the vegetables are sticky, 5 to 7 minutes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat, stir through the shrimp and thyme, and set aside.nHeat the oil in a nonstick frying pan or the washedout saute pan large enough to accommodate the fish fillets. When sizzling hot, sear the fillets skinside down just long enough to make the skin crisp, about 3 minutes. Remove.nTake the baking sheet from the oven with ovenmitted hands. Drizzle on a little oil. Lay on the fillet with the tail, skinside down. Top with the stuffing. Lay on the second fillet, skinside up. Slide three pieces of string underneath at intervals and tie around the fish. Slip the baking sheet back into the oven and bake until the fish is flaky and tender, no more than 10 minutes.nRemove from the oven, slide the fish onto a serving platter, strings and all, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 to 2 carrots, finely diced, 1 celery rib, finely diced, 1 onion, finely diced, 1 leek, whites finely chopped and rinsed, 1 whole bass, red snapper or halibut about 3 pounds1.4 kg, cleaned, 12 cup125 ml white wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 20 small cooked shrimp about 7 ounces200 g, peeled and chopped, Handful fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil], title: Tied Fish, picturelink: null}, 56378: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Brush the tortilla with 1 tablespoon of the butter, and sprinkle with some salt and pepper. Mix the mayonnaise and mustard together in a small bowl set aside.nPut the hash brown on a baking sheet, spray lightly with cooking spray and bake until browned and crisp, about 15 minutes. During the last 2 minutes of baking, put the buttered tortilla on the baking sheet, and cook until warmed through and pliable. Cut the hash brown into quarters.nMeanwhile, heat a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the corned beef, and cook, breaking it up with a spatula, until browned and crispy, 5 to 7 minutes. Transfer it to a bowl, and set aside.nCrack the egg into a bowl, add 14 teaspoon salt and a grind of pepper and whisk with a fork. Melt the remaining tablespoon butter in the skillet, reduce the heat to low and add the egg. Swirl the pan so the egg forms a thin circle, and cook until just set, about 30 seconds. Roll the egg circle into a log with a spatula, and transfer it to a cutting board.nLay the tortilla flat, and spread with the mayonnaisemustard mixture. Arrange half the corned beef along the lower third. Top with the egg log, the remaining corned beef, the pickles, the hash browns and a squeeze of ketchup. Fold in the sides, and roll the tortilla up from the bottom., ingredients: [One 10inch soft flour tortilla, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, 1 frozen hash brown patty, Cooking spray, 13 cup sliced deli or leftover corned beef, coarsely chopped 1 12 ounces, 1 large egg, 4 to 5 dill pickle chips, Squeeze of ketchup], title: Hangover Corned Beef Hash Wrap, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 56379: {instructions: Pour all the ingredients into a shaker with ice. Shake it vigorously and pour into a chilled martini glass. Serve with a slice of cucumber. This drink is best for hot summer days at the sushi bar or poolside., ingredients: [4 ounces sake recommended: Kaori, 2 ounces triple sec, Splash sour mix, Splash cranberry juice, Splash lime juice, Cucumber slice, for garnish], title: Sen Saketini, picturelink: null}, 56380: {instructions: Saute the hot Italian sausage and drain off all of the fat. Add the sausage, salami, capicolla, tomatoes, onion and red peppers to the saute pan and mix well. Add salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the pasta in boiling water until al dente. Drain and set aside.nIn a large ovensafe dish, combine the pasta, sausage mixture and marinara sauce. Cover and bake for 30 minutes.nPlate and top with fresh Asiago cheese. Serve with garlic bread or Italian butter bread., ingredients: [1 12 pounds bulk hot Italian sausage, Three 1inchthick slices salami, cubed, Three 1inchthick slices capicolla, cubed, 3 tomatoes, diced, 1 onion, chopped, 3 red peppers, chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds trio pasta combination of shells, fusilli and penne rigate, 3 cups marinara sauce, Grated Asiago cheese, for garnish, Garlic bread or Italian butter bread, for serving], title: Nadines  Nas Pasta, picturelink: null}, 56381: {instructions: Add the cognac, butternut puree, Simple Syrup, Cointreau and lime juice to a cocktail shaker, add ice and shake vigorously. Doublestrain into a glass over fresh ice.nGarnish with nutmeg and serve in a martini glass.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 12 ounces cognac, such as Hennessey VSOP, 1 12 ounces butternut squash puree, 12 ounce Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 14 ounce Cointreau, 14 ounce fresh lime juice, Freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: ButternutSquashed Sidecar, picturelink: Sj6aQ50NhhbMaHOkCQPxXzLRmuediOG}, 56382: {instructions: Cook bacon over a medium high heat in a wide saucepan until rendered and crisp. Drain off some of the fat. Add shallots and apple. Cook until slightly caramelized. Add mussels and stir to coat. Deglaze with white wine, apple cider, and vinegar. Reduce slightly. Add cream, thyme, salt, and pepper. Cover and cook until all the mussels are open and the sauce is reduced and slightly thickened. Serve in the pan or transfer to a large, wide bowl. Serve with toasted country bread., ingredients: [4 ounce smoked bacon, cut into 14inch lardons, 2 shallots, peeled and sliced into thin rings, 1 tart apple, peeled and small diced, 1 pound mussels, washed and bearded, 1 ounce dry white wine, 1 ounce apple cider, 12 ounce apple cider vinegar, 2 ounce heavy cream, 1 fresh thyme branch, Kosher or sea salt, Fresh ground black pepper], title: Mussels with Bacon, Shallots, and Apple, picturelink: null}, 56383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd a tablespoon or so of olive oil to a hot pan over mediumhigh heat, throw in the red pepper flakes, garlic and onions and give them a stir. Add the wine or chicken broth, whisking to deglaze the bottom of the pan. Cook until the liquid reduces by half. Add the crushed tomatoes and Italian seasoning and stir to combine. Add a pinch of sugar and some salt and pepper to taste. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes.nLet cool, then portion into 4 freezer bags and freeze., ingredients: [1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small to medium onion, chopped, 12 cup white wine or chicken broth, Two 15ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, Pinch sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Arrabiata Sauce, picturelink: bxt18nzffBKUFmbfiVB.YO5gAEmXKmO}, 56384: {instructions: Whip the egg whites until they form hard peaks, set aside. Whip the egg yolks with the sugar until you reach a pale yellow color. Whip in the mascarpone cheese for 5 minutes.nFold in the egg whites to the mascarpone cream and mix. Pour a layer of mascarpone cream into a large glass bowl or small individual bowls top with a layer of ladyfingers soaked in the espresso coffee. Repeat this operation 2 more times.nFinish with a mascarpone cream layer and sprinkle with the coffee powder., ingredients: [5 fresh eggs, separated, 5 tablespoons sugar, 17 12 ounces mascarpone cheese, 30 ladyfingers, 2 cups espresso coffee, 2 tablespoons coffee powder], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 56385: {instructions: Mix 1 tablespoon lemon zest and the lemon juice in a large bowl. Add 1 cup water and the sugar and whisk to dissolve, then whisk in the buttermilk. Pierce the drumsticks several times with a fork and season with salt and pepper. Toss in the marinade, cover and refrigerate 4 hours, or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Bring the chicken to room temperature. Put the panko, thyme, the remaining 1 tablespoon lemon zest, the cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste in a large resealable plastic bag and shake to mix. Put the mayonnaise in a bowl. Set a rack on a baking sheet and spray with cooking spray.nRemove the drumsticks from the marinade, dip in the mayonnaise, then drop into the bag and shake to coat transfer to the rack.nMist the chicken with cooking spray. Bake until golden, about 35 minutes flip and bake until browned and crisp, 35 to 40 more minutes. Cool completely, then pack in an airtight container.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 tablespoons grated lemon zest, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, 13 cup buttermilk, 12 skinon chicken drumsticks 3 12 to 4 14 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups panko Japanese breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, Oliveoil cooking spray], title: Crunchy Lemonade Drumsticks, picturelink: zzKOtPyweDgTeTwCVTI7YhI1CY2WOq}, 56386: {instructions: For the cake: Place fresh, cold egg whites and cold water in the bowl of a heavyduty mixer. Set aside until they are 60 degrees, or slightly below room temperature.nPour flour, 12 cup granulated sugar and salt into a triple sifter or sieve. Sift onto a sheet of waxed paper set aside. Adjust rack in lower third of oven preheat oven to 325 degrees. Set nearby a dry, ungreased 10inch tube pan. Such a pan allows the batter to cling to the sides and rise to its full height. Place a longnecked bottle or large metal funnel nearby for inverting the baked cake.nWhip egg whites, preferably with a whisk attachment until frothy. Add cream of tartar and whip on medium speed until soft peaks form. Continue whipping and gradually add the 1 cup granulated sugar until whites have thickened and form soft droopy white peaks. Add the vanilla and lemon zest in the final moments of whipping.nSprinkle onequarter of the flour mixture over the whites, and with a rubber spatula, fold into the whites. Repeat this process with the remaining flour mixture, folding in only onequarter of the flour mixture at a time. Gently pour the batter into an ungreased tube pan. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until the top is light golden, the cake feels spongy and springs back when touched, and a wooden toothpick inserted in the middle comes out free of cake. Invert cake onto the neck of a bottle or funnel. Cool completely before removing from pan.nTo remove cake from the pan, slip just the tip of a small metal spatula between the cake and pan. Slowly trace the perimeter to release any cake sticking to the pan. Tilt the cake pan on its side, and gently tap the bottom against the counter to loosen the cake. Rotate the cake pan, tapping as you turn it a few more times, until it appears free. Cover the cake with a rack or cardboard round, and at the same time that you invert the cake onto the work surface, tap it firmly onto the surface. Lift the pan from the cake.nFor the filling: In a 1 12 quart heavybottomed saucepan, whisk briefly to combine the eggs, egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Add the pieces of butter, and place the saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly over the entire bottom. Cook the mixture without boiling until it begins to develop body and thicken. Remove from heat and pour through a stainless steel sieve into a bowl. Cover the surface with plastic wrap, poke a few small slits in the plastic with the tip of a paring blade allowing steam to escape while cooling. Refrigerate curd will thicken.nFor the frosting: In a 3cup saucepan, combine the water and 23 cup sugar. Place over low heat to dissolve the sugar, then increase the heat to medium high and boil, without stirring, until a candy thermometer reads 235 degrees. Wash down any sugar crystals slinging to the sides of the pan with a brush dipped in cold water. Near the end of the boiling time, whip the egg whites with the cream of tartar until soft peaks form. Add the 2 tablespoons sugar, and continue to whip until the whites are stiff but not dry. With the mixer running, pour the syrup onto the whipped whites. Continue to whip on medium speed, about 3 minutes more. Mixture will thicken, cool and form glossy, stiff peaks. Add the vanilla. Cool to room temperature, about 8 to 10 minutes, then frost cake right away.nAssembling the dessert: Cut cake into three layers. Spread the lemon filling equally between the two layers top with remaining layer. Frost top and sides of cake with Italian Meringue Frosting., ingredients: [1 12 cups 11 to 12 large egg whites, 1 tablespoon cold water, 1 cup sifted cake flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 2 large eggs, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons 2 lemons strained lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 ounces 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into 6 pieces, 14 cup water, 23 cup sugar, 13 cup about 3 large egg whites, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Lemon Meringue Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 56387: {instructions: For the glutenfree flour blend: In a large bowl, whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt.nFor the pecan crumble: In a small bowl, stir together the pecans, brown sugar and cinnamon with 2 teaspoons glutenfree flour blend.nFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease a 12cup bundt cake pan with butter or glutenfree cooking spray. In a medium bowl, whisk together the baking powder, baking soda and salt with 1 12 cups glutenfree flour blend.nUsing an electric mixer, in a large bowl, cream together the butter and brown sugar on mediumhigh speed until fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Add the flour mixture and buttermilk to the egg mixture, alternating and beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Transfer half of the batter to the prepared pan and sprinkle half of the pecan crumble mixture on top. Repeat with the remaining batter and pecan crumble mixture. Using a butter knife, swirl the crumble mixture into the batter in a crisscross motion. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack and invert onto a cake plate.nFor the frosting: In a small saucepan, bring the brown sugar, butter and milk to a boil over medium heat. Let boil 1 minute, whisking constantly. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Gradually whisk in the confectioners sugar until combined. Whisk for about 3 minutes to cool slightly pour the frosting over the cooled cake and top immediately with the pecans to decorate., ingredients: [3 cups 435 grams white rice flour, 1 12 cups 187 grams tapioca flour, 34 cup 123 grams potato starch, 1 tablespoon 8 grams xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons 5 grams salt, 12 cup pecans, chopped, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus additional for greasing pan, 2 cups packed light brown sugar, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, Whole pecans, for topping], title: GlutenFree Pecan Pie Bundt Cake with Pecan Crumble and Praline Frosting, picturelink: TRCw8Qm.PiNK6j0oYolsrIJ9LnWAky2}, 56388: {instructions: Lay fillets flat, more attractive side down, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place about 13 cup stuffing on each fillet and roll up from widest end secure with toothpicks. Arrange in a buttered shallow casserole, add wine and water, cover loosely, and bake 20 minutes in a preheated 375 degree oven. Lift rolls to a heated deep platter with a slotted spoon, cover, and keep warm. Strain cooking liquid and reserve. Stirfry red pepper, scallions and celery in butter in a skillet over moderate heat 2 to 3 minutes. Add bread cubes and stirfry until lightly browned. Off heat, add lemon juice and toss lightly to mix. Boil wine, shallots and juices from fish in heavy medium saucepan until mixture is reduced to 12 cup, about 10 minutes. Add cream and boil until liquid is reduced to sauce consistency, about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 flounder fillets, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 2 cups crab stuffing, 12 cup white wine, 14 cup water, Crab stuffing, 1 cup crab meat, cleaned, 2 tablespoons minced red pepper, 2 tablespoons minced green onions, 2 tablespoons celery, 14 cup butter or margarine, 1 12 cups soft white bread cubes, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 14 cups Chardonnay or other dry white wine, 13 cup chopped shallots, 34 cup whipping cream], title: Crab Stuffed Flounder Fillets, picturelink: null}, 56389: {instructions: Cut the crust off the cheesecake. Then use a dinner knife to sculpt each slice into an egg white shape. Top each egg white with an apricot yolk. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [4 slices storebought New Yorkstyle cheesecake, 1 tin apricot halves in syrup Remove from the tin and keep in refrigerator Find the smallest, most symmetrical halves., 4 sprigs parsley], title: DaliSide Up Egg Dessert, picturelink: null}, 56390: {instructions: Make the spiced coffee ice cubes: Combine the espresso, sugar, orange peel, cloves, cinnamon sticks and ginger in a medium bowl until the sugar dissolves. Cool to room temperature, and then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours. Strain the coffee mixture through a finemesh sieve set over a large bowl and discard the solids. Divide the mixture among 2 ice cube trays and freeze until solid, at least 2 hours.nMake the lassi: Add 34 cup orange juice, the yogurt, banana and cocoa powder to a blender and puree until smooth if youd like the lassi to be a bit thinner, blend in the remaining 14 cup orange juice. Add a few spiced ice cubes to the blender and puree. Pour the lassi into glasses and add 2 more spiced ice cubes to each glass. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups hot espresso, 14 cup sugar, 1 strip orange peel, 8 whole cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2inch piece fresh ginger, roughly chopped, 34 cup to 1 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 cup plain nonfat Greek yogurt, 1 ripe banana, peeled and chopped, 2 tablespoons Dutchprocessed cocoa powder], title: Spiced Mocha Lassi, picturelink: RKNIGoLHmicypKenPSU8GT0wcxVI1SW}, 56391: {instructions: Heat a medium nonstick skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and salami. Cook salami until it renders some fat and starts to turn a deep burgundy color, 2 minutes. Add garlic and stir 30 seconds, then add scallions or onions and cook 1 or 2 more minutes. Add tomatoes and cook another minute. Scramble eggs with cheese, a little salt and a generous amount of pepper. Add eggs to pan and scramble it all up together. Serve scrambles with parsley andor basil garnish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan in a slow stream, 14 to 13 pound salami, deli sliced or whole mini, Genoa, dry or sopressata, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 to 3 scallions, chopped, 14 onion may be substituted, 1 plum tomato or 1 vine tomato, seeded and chopped or 3 tablespoons chopped sundried tomato  your preference or, depending on what you have on hand, 8 large eggs, 4 ounces your choice of: Boursin garlic and herb cheese, crumbled, alouette garlic and herb cheese 4 rounded spoonfuls, crumbled feta cheese, crumbled herb goat cheese  again, whatever your preference and whichever you have on hand, Salt and pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish, Chopped or torn basil leaves, for garnish, optional], title: Salami Scrambles, picturelink: null}, 56392: {instructions: To cook the artichokes, prepare a bowl with cold water and 3 sliced lemons to store the artichokes in after they have been peeled to prevent discoloration.nUsing a paring knife, remove the outer leaves and trim off the stem of each artichoke, and place in lemon water until ready to use.nIn a medium size pot, combine the celery, garlic, white wine, juice of 2 lemons, parsley, thyme, chicken stock, and salt and pepper, and bring to a simmer. Add the artichokes and cover them with a dishtowel to submerse the artichokes in the liquid. Cook for approximately 45 minutes, or until fork tender. When finished cooking, remove artichokes from liquid, and let cool to room temperature.nOnce they have cooled, remove any inner leaves and choke that are remaining. Slice the artichoke bottoms into four pieces.nTo bread the artichokes, set up the flour, lightly beaten eggs, and bread crumbs in separate dishes. Dredge the cut artichoke bottoms first in the flour, then in the eggs, and finally in the bread crumbs. Repeat this process until all pieces are breaded. Refrigerate until ready to fry.nTo prepare the dressing, combine the olives and olive juice in a food processor. Process until ground. Add the lemon juice, sherry vinegar, Dijon mustard, and egg yolk, and pulse until all ingredients are mixed together. While pulsing, drizzle in the olive oil to create an emulsion. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo fry the artichoke bottoms, use a heavybottomed saucepot, filled half way up with corn oil. Place over medium high heat and bring oil to 350 degrees F. Use a candy thermometer to determine the temperature. When oil is hot, add the artichokes a few pieces at a time and fry until golden brown. Remove from oil, drain on paper towels, and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, fill a ramekin with the picholine dressing. Line a platter with romaine lettuce, and place the fried artichokes on top. Garnish the platter with lemon wedges and parsley sprigs., ingredients: [5 lemons, 6 large artichokes, 4 celery stalks, chopped, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 1 cup white wine, 4 sprigs parsley, 4 sprigs thyme, 2 quarts chicken stock, Salt and pepper, 2 cups flour, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup picholine olives, 2 ounces olive juice, 2 ounces lemon juice, 2 ounces sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 egg yolk, 1 12 cups extravirgin olive oil, 1 head romaine lettuce, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Fried Artichoke Bottoms with Picholine Olive Dressing, picturelink: null}, 56393: {instructions: Heat the broiler. Put the cherry tomatoes onto baking sheets, drizzle over some olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Broil until the tomatoes burst, about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from oven and allow them to cool a bit. In a large bowl add about 14 cup olive oil, juice of 2 limes, onion, chili, chopped cilantro, cheese, and the tomatoes. Mix carefully to avoid breaking up the tomatoes too much. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper set aside.nHeat the grill or a grill pan to medium. Rub the meat with some olive oil and season it generously with salt and pepper. Grill the tenderloin, browning it on all sides, until it is medium rare, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the meat to a cutting board, cover it with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nSlice the meat thin, place it on a platter, and spoon on the cheesy tomato dressing. Garnish with a drizzle of olive oil and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [4 pints cherry tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 limes, juiced, 12 red onion, sliced thin, 1 serrano chili, sliced thin, 12 bunch freshly chopped cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 12 pound queso fresco or feta cheese, crumbled, 1 4pound beef tenderloin], title: Spicy Grilled Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: null}, 56394: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter an 8by8inch baking pan with the 1 tablespoon butter.nMelt the chocolate with the butter and cream in a double boiler. Once melted, remove from the heat and mix in the marshmallow creme and sugar with a hand mixer. Mix in the eggs, one at a time, and then the vanilla.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt.nFold the dry ingredients into the wet, and pour into the prepared baking pan. Sprinkle the top with the chocolate chips.nBake until the edges just start to pull away from the pan, 30 minutes. Let cool to room temp before slicing., ingredients: [4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, plus 1 tablespoon for greasing pan., 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 heaping cup marshmallow creme, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 14 cup chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Dream Brownies with Marshmallow Creme, picturelink: tc41ifR1vxusqznCSYLd38moW4rEtG}, 56395: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMix together 2 packages muffin mix with 2 eggs, 4 tablespoons melted butter melt in microwave 30 seconds, 1 12 cups milk and frozen corn kernels. Wipe a nonstick skillet with a little extra or vegetable oil and pour in the muffin mix. Use a large skillet, 10 to 12 inch. Choose a pan with oven safe handle or, doublewrap handle with foil to protect it in the oven. Place pan in oven and bake 12 to 15 minutes in center of the oven until light golden in color.nBrown the meat over medium high heat in a second skillet in extra or vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan. Add onions and spices and cook meat 5 minutes more.nRemove cornbread from oven and top with meat, cheese, and veggies. Add pan back to oven and cook 5 minutes more to melt cheese. Garnish with cilantro, optional. Cut into 8 wedges and serve the deep dish pan pizza from the skillet. Pass taco sauce at the table to sprinkle on top., ingredients: [2 boxes corn muffin mix, 8 12 ounces each recommended: Jiffy, 2 eggs, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 1 12 cups milk, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, Extravirgin olive oil or, vegetable oil, for drizzling, 2 tablespoons extravirgin or vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 pound ground beef, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons cayenne sauce, Salt, 2 12 cups 10ounce sack from dairy aisle shredded Cheddar or jack cheese, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 small can, 2 14 ounces sliced chillies or jalapenos, drained, 2 scallions, chopped, 2 small vine ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons drained sliced green olives salad olives, 1 to 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, optional garnish, Mild to medium taco sauce to pass at table, 1 cup], title: Mexican Meatzza: Mexican DeepDish Pan Pizza, picturelink: null}, 56396: {instructions: In a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, brown the ground beef, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain the excess fat. Add the tomato paste, chili powder, cumin, salt, cayenne and 1 cup water and stir to combine. Bring to a boil, lower to a simmer and simmer until thickened, 8 to 10 minutes. Keep warm.nHeat a separate skillet over medium heat. Smear butter on the bottom and place a tortilla in the skillet. Top the tortilla with some of the cheese and a second tortilla and cook until the bottom side is brown and the cheese begins to melt, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook the other side another 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate and keep warm. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and cheese, adding additional butter as needed.nTop each quesadilla with a generous helping of the beef mixture, then top with some lettuce and Pico de Gallo.nChop the tomatoes, jalapenos and onions into very small dice leave the seeds in your jalapenos for a hotter pico, or remove for a milder pico. Next, chop up a nicesize bunch of cilantro. Just remove and discard the long leafless stems before chopping. No need to remove the leaves from the stems completely. Place all of these ingredients together in a bowl and give it a good stir. Squeeze the juice of the lime half into the bowl. Add salt to taste and stir again., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon cumin, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, or more to taste, 12 teaspoon cayenne, Butter, for frying, 8 corn tortillas, 12 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, grated, Shredded lettuce, for serving, Pico de Gallo, recipe follows, 5 plum Roma tomatoes, 3 jalapeno peppers, 12 large or 1 small yellow onion, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, Juice of 12 lime, Kosher salt], title: Taco Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 56397: {instructions: In a deep, heavybased saucepan, pour enough vegetable oil to fill the pan about a third of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 360 degrees F, or until a bread crumb sizzles, and turns golden brown when dropped in it. Caution: Hot oil can be dangerous  do not leave unattended. Add the slices of banana to the pan and, and using a slotted spoon, try to separate the chips from each other as they fry, otherwise they will stick together.nMix together the water, turmeric powder, and salt, in a small bowl. When the banana chips are beginning to become crisp and the edges are golden brown, carefully add the turmericsalt powder to the pan. Take care as the oil will sizzle when the water is added. Stir gently to combine. When the banana chips are golden brown and cooked through, remove them with a slotted spoon, and drain on a tray lined with paper towels.nSprinkle the chile powder, to taste, over the chips, and serve while the chips are hot., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deep frying, Handful small unripe green bananas, peeled and cut into thin slices See Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon water, 14 teaspoon turmeric powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Chile powder, to taste], title: Banana Chips, picturelink: null}, 56398: {instructions: For Prosciutto Chips: Place onion in a saute pan over mediumlow heat. Add the butter and allow onions to caramelize for about 10 to 18 minutes, stirring often.nPlace a 10inch saute pan on medium heat. When the pan is hot, drizzle in the vegetable oil. Cut your prosciutto slices into pieces, the size of a troika chip. Fry until crisp, about 3 to 5 minutes. Drain on a paper towel lined plate.nFor Fried Artichoke Hearts: Place oil in a deep saucepan. Heat to 350 degrees F.nCut the artichoke hearts into quarters. Dust artichoke hearts in your allpurpose flour. Place artichoke heart into your preheated oil and fry until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Drain on a paper towel lined plate.nTo assemble, place a artichoke heart on top of a piece of prosciutto, garnish with a couple pieces of caramelized onion, and serve. See Cooks Note., ingredients: [1 onion, julienne, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 6 thick sliced pieces prosciutto di Parma 18inch thick, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups vegetable oil, 5 artichoke hearts, 1 cup allpurpose flour, White pepper], title: Prosciutto Chips Topped with Fried Artichoke Hearts, picturelink: null}, 56399: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Paperline 24 muffin cups. Cut each square of dough in half. Place one piece of dough in each muffin cup.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes or until cookie has spread to edge of cup.nBeat cream cheese, sweetened condensed milk, eggs and vanilla extract in medium bowl until smooth. Spoon about 3 tablespoons cream cheese mixture over each cookie in cup.nBake for additional 15 to 18 minutes or until set. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Top each with level tablespoon of pie filling. Refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 package 16 ounces NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Ultimates Refrigerated Chocolate Chip Lovers Cookie Dough, 2 packages 8 ounces each cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 can 14 ounces NESTLu00c9u00ae CARNATIONu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 can 21 ounces cherry pie filling], title: Cherry Chocolate Chip and Chunk Cheesecake Cookie Cups, picturelink: Y9BnigMlYUd9Whpcxgq.fEHmE4o6Q7G}}