{5400: {instructions: Whip the cream in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When it starts to thicken, add the sugar, vanilla, and rum. Continue to whip until it forms stiff peaks. Serve cold., ingredients: [1 cup 12 pint cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon dark rum], title: Rum Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 5401: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTrim the woody skin off the broccoli stem and slice the broccoli into nice long trees. In a large saucepan, mix the water, olive oil, garlic, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil over high heat. Add the broccoli and cover to steam. After 3 minutes, turn off the heat, and allow the broccoli to sit for another couple of minutes. Toss to coat and serve., ingredients: [1 head broccoli, 14 cup water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Simple and Satisfying Broccoli, picturelink: i.xxaq8e8vpDD.CweCCTsQkdkvWkUW}, 5402: {instructions: Char the bell peppers under a broiler or over a gas flame, turning occasionally. Place the peppers in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool. Peel off the charred skin and remove the seeds.nMeanwhile, toast the almonds in a pan or in the oven until golden, then let cool.nPlace the roasted bell peppers in a food processor along with the almonds, chicken stock, parsley, lemon and orange zest and juice, the garlic, chile pepper and red onion. Grate the tomato on the large holes of a box grater. Discard the skin and add the tomato pulp to the food processor. Puree until smooth.nMeanwhile, heat the EVOO in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken with paprika, salt and pepper and cook until browned, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Add the sherry to the skillet and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom with a wooden spoon. Stir in the roasted pepper sauce, reduce the heat and simmer, partially covered, until the chicken is cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer the chicken to plates and spoon the sauce over top., ingredients: [2 red bell peppers or 1 red and 1 yellow, 12 cup Marcona almonds or blanched raw almonds, 12 cup chicken stock, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 2 large cloves garlic, crushed, 1 Fresno chile pepper, 12 red onion, coarsely chopped, 1 large heirloom tomato, 2 tablespoons EVOO, 8 bonein chicken thighs, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup dry sherry], title: Chicken in Romanesco Sauce, picturelink: wv9TTb7IfZxniIFqoHqgM3yG97543d.}, 5403: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nGrandmas Gold Cake Preparation:nBeat butter, add sugar, add eggs, vanilla. Beat for 2 minutes. Combine flour, baking powder and salt. Add flour mixture and alternate with milk. Grease and flour cake pan. Line with parchment paper. Pour batter into the pan and bake for 25 to 30 minutes.nCrust Preparation:nProcess the shortbread in a food processor, pulsing until ground. Add sugar, pulse more, add butter and pulse until it looks like wet sand and holds somewhat together. Press into a glass pie pan. Bake at 375 degrees for 15 minutes. Set on stove to cool. Brush lightly with beaten egg whites.nCreme Preparation:nIn a double boiler, place 1 cup of whole milk, 14 cup of halfandhalf, 23 cups sugar and cinnamon sticks. Let heat until boiling and turn down to mediumhigh heat. Separate 6 eggs saving the whites in a separate bowl. Whisk the yolks, cornstarch and the 14 cup additional whole milk until well blended. Using a ladle, scoop out some of the hot milk mixture and temper the eggs whisking it carefully and adding it to the hot milk mixture. Take care to continuously stir with a whisk or it will lump up. When thickened pull off of heat source and add vanilla and butter. Cover and put in freezer to cool for 10 minutes. I use a cake pan linernMeringue Preparation:nIn a saucepan, boil the corn syrup, salt and sugar. Meanwhile, whisk egg whites in a stand mixer until firm peaks form. Take melted sugars off the stove and in a steady stream, add to the whisking egg whites. Keep whisking until glossy. Cover with a towel.nShortbread Preparation:nCream butter, add sugars, blend and add vanilla. Add flours and cornstarch carefully by hand. Set aside and chill. Roll out between 2pieces of parchment, set in a cake pan to bake, mark designs with a fork. Bake in a preheated 325 degree F oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on a rack.nThree Milks:nCombine the evaporated milk, condensed milk, heavy cream and rum.nAssembly:nSpread creme on the pie crust. Add layer of vanilla cake. Poke holes with a fork and brush or spray cake layer with Three Milks mixture saving any that will not absorb into the cake layer. Spread meringue over the top, being sure to seal down to the edge of the crust. Garnish with maraschino cherries, 5 mint leaves and cake crumbs. Plate pie with a cinnamon stick rolled in cinnamon on the side and porcelain bull filled with more milk. Drizzle with Cajeta., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 1 12 cups sugar 1 14 cups for high altitude, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 14 cups sifted cake flour, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 teaspoons baking powder 1 12 cups for high altitude, 1 teaspoon salt 12 teaspoon for high altitude, 23 cup milk, 2 cups homemade Shortbread, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons granulated sugar, 4 tablespoons salted butter, Lightly beaten egg whites, 1 cup whole milk, plus 14 cup whole milk, 14 cup halfandhalf, 23 cups sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 6 eggs, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 tablespoons butter, cubed small, 12 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup corn syrup, 18 teaspoon salt, 14 cup sugar, 2 egg whites, 1 cup salted butter, softened, 14 cup sugar, 12 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup rice flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup evaporated milk, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon rum recommended: Bacardi, Maraschino cherries, Mint leaves, Cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon cinnamon sugar, Cajeta], title: Tarta Tres Leches, picturelink: null}, 5404: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Prepare a cupcake pan with 24 cupcake liners.nCombine the flour, pudding mix, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in a medium bowl. Crack the eggs into a second bowl and add vanilla extract. Measure the milk and halfandhalf into a third bowl. In a 5quart mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter until fluffy. Stop the mixer and scrape down the sides using a spatula. Turn the mixer on first speed, add the sugar, and mix until fluffy. Add the eggs 1 at a time. Scrape down the bowl. Add the sour cream and mayonnaise and incorporate completely. Scrape down the bowl. Add the dry ingredients, alternating with the wet. You will start and end with the dry ingredients. Mix the batter until smooth and no lumps are present. Add the extracts and food coloring gel. Mix well using a spatula until all the color is incorporated completely.nFill the cupcake liners using a 2ounce scoop. Spray the cupcake pan with the cooking spray this is done after the liners are filled. Bake until golden brown and fluffy, 17 minutes. Let the cupcakes cool completely before decorating.nTo assemble: Place a round time 809 into a large piping bag. Fill with Lavender Buttercream and generously pipe onto each cupcake. Garnish each cupcake with 2 rice paper feathers, 1 small fresh lavender petals, and 1 large pearl. Sprinkle with edible glitter.nIn a 5quart mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and shortening together. On first speed, add the sifted powdered sugar to the bowl in 3 parts. Let each part incorporate into the butter mixture before adding the next. After adding all the sugar, put the mixer on the fourth highest speed and mix for 8 to 10 minutes. The buttercream will begin to gain volume and look white and fluffy. Once you bring the buttercream to full volume, add the extracts, liqueur, vodka, and lavender oil and incorporate completely. Add purple food color to desired shade., ingredients: [2 12 cups cake flour, 8 tablespoons vanilla instant pudding mix, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 whole eggs, 2 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 14 cup halfandhalf, 34 cup butter, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 ounces sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 25 drops lavender liquid herbal extract, 14 teaspoon star anise extract, 3 drops purple food color gel, Vegetable oil cooking spray, Lavender Buttercream, recipe follows, 48 rice paper feathers, for garnish see Cooks Note, 24 fresh edible lavender flower petals, for garnish, 24 large candy pearls, for garnish, Edible glitter, 4 pounds butter, softened, 8 ounces high ratio shortening recommended: Sweetex, 8 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 4 tablespoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons lemon extract, 34 teaspoon anise extract, 4 tablespoons cherry liqueur, 1 tablespoons vodka, 20 drops lavender oil recommended: Herb Farm, 3 to 4 drops purple food color gel], title: Lavender Cake, picturelink: .vezD7Kc4mqcTr8YILHbwyYTgnCu}, 5405: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 350F. Grease 13x9inch pan. Break up cookie dough in large bowl. Add pistachios and coconut mix well. Press dough in bottom of greased pan to form crust. 2. Bake at 350F. for 10 to 15 minutes or until edges are light golden brown. 3. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, combine condensed milk, lime juice and egg yolks beat well. 4. Remove partially baked crust from oven. Pour milk mixture over crust. 5. Return to oven bake an additional 22 to 28 minutes or until filling is set. Drizzle melted chips over top of bars. Cool 1 hour. Refrigerate 30 minutes or until bars are chilled. With sharp knife, cut into bars., ingredients: [1 18oz. pkg. Pillsbury Refrigerated White Chocolate Chunk Cookies, 1 cup chopped shelled pistachios, 1 cup coconut, 1 14oz. can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup Key lime juice, lime juice or thawed frozen limeade concentrate, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup white vanilla chips, melted], title: White ChocolateKey Lime Calypso Bars, picturelink: null}, 5406: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium pot, cover with water and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat lower the heat and simmer until forktender, 15 to 20 minutes. Add the cauliflower to the pot and cook until forktender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and let rest until cool enough to handle. Peel off the potato skins use a clean dish towel to rub off the skins and cut into chunks. Combine the potatoes, cauliflower and onions in a medium bowl.nCombine 12 cup water, the vinegar, sugar, caraway, 12 teaspoon salt, the peppercorns and dill in a small pot and bring to a simmer. Strain and pour the hot vinegar mixture over the vegetables, and toss in another 14 teaspoon salt. Cover and refrigerate until cold, tossing occasionally, at least 2 hours up to overnight., ingredients: [1 pound small white potatoes, 2 cups small cauliflower florets about 6 ounces, 12 small white onion, thinly sliced, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, Kosher salt, 6 whole black peppercorns, 5 sprigs fresh dill], title: CauliflowerPotato and Caraway Salad, picturelink: c5ZB5tsx19.Deadsz9zxnFc.lkr..W}, 5407: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat the olive oil. Add the chopped onion and chile peppers and saute for a few minutes.nAdd the plum tomatoes and juices from the can. With the back of a wooden spoon, break up the tomatoes into little chunks. Add the lentils, and season with salt and pepper. Add the water and allow to cook for approximately 15 to 20 minutes, until the soup has thickened., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 15ounce can peeled plum tomatoes, 2 fresh chile peppers, chopped, 19 ounces lentils, drained and rinsed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 cups water], title: Tomato and Lentil Soup, picturelink: null}, 5408: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Roast the hazelnuts until they smell toasty. Remove from oven and let cool for a few minutes. Rub off the skins and cool the nuts another 15 minutes.nIn a food processor grind the nuts with the sugar until finely ground but not pasty. With your hands work in the butter, flour and chocolate together. Add the eggs, one at a time. You just need the egg to hold the dough together you may need only 1.nButter a 13 12 x 5 x 2 12 inch deep meatloaf pan. Spread about 23 of dough in the bottom and up the sides of the pan, spread the jam in the middle and top with more dough. Bake at 375 degrees for 10 minutes, reduce heat to 350 degrees and bake 5 minutes more, then reduce heat to 300 and bake for 1 hour longer or 1 14 hours in all. To test insert a cake tester in dough and it should come out dry. Can be made days ahead of time., ingredients: [12 pound whole hazelnuts, 12 pound granulated sugar, 12 pound sweet butter, 12 pound all purpose flour mixed with 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 pound melted cooked bittersweet chocolate, 1 to 2 eggs, 6 ounces of seedless raspberry jam], title: Hazelnut Linzer Torte, picturelink: null}, 5409: {instructions: In a bowl, mix the soy, garlic, ginger, lemon juice oil, and chile together. Marinate the fish for 30 minutes. In a saucepan on high heat, lightly coat with canola oil and caramelize the onions. Add the guavas and deglaze with sake. Reduce by 50 percent and add juices. Reduce by another 50 percent and transfer to a blender. Blend until smooth and lift with macadamia nut oil. Season and check for flavor.nIn a fryer at 300 degrees, blanch the taro until soft, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towel, unseasoned and set aside. Heat canola in a deep pan to 400 degrees F. Pull fish out of marinade and dredge in rice flour. Fry the fish with the taro until golden brown, about 3 to 5 minutes. Season with pink salt.nOn a large platter, place fish and taro down and serve with sauce in a small bowl. Garnish with guava slices and parsley.nWine: Crisp, tropical Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand Cloudy Bay, Brancott, ingredients: [14 cup naturally brewed soy sauce, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 cup canola oil, 2 serrano chiles, destemmed, minced, 2 to 3 pounds mixed whole fish, evicerated and scaled, 1 large onion, sliced, 5 guavas, peeled, roughly chopped, plus 2 extra, sliced, for garnish, 12 cup sake, 1 cup fresh pineapple juice, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup macadamia nut oil, 1 large taro, cut into large rounds, 14inch thick, 2 cups rice flour, Pink salt and black pepper, 12 cup chopped parsley, Canola oil, to cook], title: Crispy Fish and Taro Chips With Guava Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5410: {instructions: Make the meatballs: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cabbage and season with 14 teaspoon salt cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Transfer the cabbage to a plate to cool. Wipe out the pan, then add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the mushrooms. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to the plate with the cabbage to cool.nLightly beat the eggs and egg white in a large bowl. Add the pork, scallions, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil, sugar and cornstarch. Add the cabbage, mushrooms and a few grinds of pepper and mix with your hands until just combined do not overmix. Dampen your hands and shape the meat mixture into 18 balls about 2 inches each arrange on the prepared baking sheet.nMake the sauce: Mix the hoisin sauce, Sriracha, vinegar, sugar and 1 tablespoon water in a bowl set aside 12 cup for serving. Brush the meatballs with the remaining sauce and sprinkle with the sesame seeds. Bake until cooked through, 18 to 22 minutes. Serve in lettuce leaves with the reserved sauce.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [For the meatballs:, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cups thinly sliced green cabbage about 14 head, Kosher salt, 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, caps thinly sliced, Freshly ground white pepper, 2 large eggs plus 1 egg white, 1 12 pounds ground pork, 4 scallions, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 2inch piece ginger, peeled and finely grated about 1 tablespoon, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, For the sauce:, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 2 teaspoons Sriracha chile sauce, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 3 tablespoons sesame seeds, 1 head Boston lettuce, leaves separated], title: Asian Pork Meatballs, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 5411: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti and cook until al dente, about 7 minutes or according to package instructions. Drain in a colander. Toss with tongs to loosen and separate the strands and place in a large bowl.nButter a large casserole dish. Set aside. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter and combine in a small bowl with the breadcrumbs, 12 cup of the Parmesan and the parsley. Set aside.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter in the nowempty pasta pot. Add the mushrooms and saute until soft and all the liquid in the pan has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and cook until translucent, 3 to 5 minutes more. Add the thyme and nutmeg. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nAdd the flour and stir to combine and coat, about 1 minute. Add the wine, increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Cook until the liquid is reduced, about 1 minute. Add the stock and optional cream and stir to combine. Reduce the heat to simmer and cook until the liquid is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Add the remaining 12 cup of Parmesan and stir until combined. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nPour the mushroom mixture into the bowl with the cooked spaghetti. Add the turkey and peas and stir to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nWhile still hot, pour the mixture into the buttered casserole dish, sprinkle with the reserved breadcrumb mixture and bake until bubbly and the top is golden brown, about 15 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool slightly before slicing. Serve on warmed plates., ingredients: [1 pound thin spaghetti, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the casserole dish, 1 cup fresh, plain or whole wheat panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese 4 ounces, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 pound mushrooms, sliced, 1 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 cups homemade chicken stock or reducedfat lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup heavy cream, optional, 4 cups cooked boneless turkey or chicken meat, shredded into 1inch pieces, 2 cups English peas, defrosted if frozen], title: Turkey Tetrazzini, picturelink: v0S6ygLagEB4tPGJiNN.qtoxNamht6e}, 5412: {instructions: Pat the chicken dry and season with salt. In a casserole set over moderately high heat, warm the oil until it is hot, add the chicken and cook it, turning, until no longer pink. Transfer chicken to a plate. Add the onion to the casserole and cook it, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Add the garlic and gingerroot and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the carrots, bell pepper, mushrooms, and salt to taste, and cook the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes more. Return the chicken to the pan, add the curry paste and cook the mixture, turning and stirring, 1 minute. Add the coconut milk, galanga root powder, lemongrass flakes, cumin, and bay leaf. Bring mixture to a boil, and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. Add the broccoli, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, corn, and salt to taste, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through. Discard bay leaf. Before serving, stir in the lemon juice, cilantro, and mint., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken legs, separated into drumsticks and thighs, skin removed, Salt to taste, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup minced onion, 5 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 tablespoon grated gingerroot, 1 cup sliced carrots, 1 cup 1inch pieces red bell pepper, 1 cup sliced mushrooms, 1 to 2 teaspoons red curry paste, or to taste, 2 14ounce cans light unsweetened coconut milk, 12 teaspoon galanga root powder, 12 teaspoon dried lemongrass flakes, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup broccoli florets, 12 cup canned bamboo shoots, drained, 12 cup canned water chestnuts, drained, 8 ears canned baby corn, drained, Fresh lemon juice, to taste, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro, 14 cup minced fresh mint], title: Thai Chicken Stew, picturelink: null}, 5413: {instructions: Mix together the oil and the sugar. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition. Sift together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, salt and ground ginger. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients. Fold in the apples and the walnuts. Bake in 2 9inch greased and floured cake pans for 1 hour in a preheated 350 degree oven or until center is done. Garnish with confectioners sugar and whipped cream., ingredients: [1 12 cups vegetable oil, 3 cups sugar, 8 eggs, 4 cups flour, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 2 teaspoons nutmeg, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 6 cups Golden Delicious or Granny Smith apples, diced small, 2 cups walnuts, toasted, optional, Confectioners sugar, Whipped cream], title: Apple Spiced Cake, picturelink: BsxG9z2XNunndD6UJ3XLaSrDF1jHgTe}, 5414: {instructions: For the pasta:nPrepare pasta stock by adding 5 cloves garlic, bay leaves, salt, pepper, paprika, smoked paprika, to the water. Bring to a boil and simmer for 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Strain stock and return liquid to the pot. Bring to a boil and add macaroni until done. Strain pasta and toss with dry mustard. Toss in salt, pepper, and olive oil to taste.nGrate all the cheeses, making sure to keep Asiago and Pecorino separate from the Cheddars. Crumble the Gorgonzola cheese. Melt the butter and add the flour through a finemesh sieve. Add cream and creme fraiche. Add dry mustard, Dijon mustard, paprika, smoked paprika, lemon juice, lemon zest, salt, and pepper. Add Gorgonzola and Cheddar cheeses to the sauce, returning to low heat.nAdd the pasta to the cheese sauce and add egg, combine well. Top with grated Asiago and Pecorino. Put in individual crocks and bake until bubbly golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the pesto:nBlend the olive oil, lemon zest, basil, pine nuts, feta, salt and pepper in a blender or food processor to make basil pesto.nIn a saucier, combine the heavy cream, creme fraiche, Dijon mustard, dry mustard, paprika, salt, and pepper. Cook on medium heat until flavors meld and sauce reduces.nCut bread into 8 toastettes. Season with salt, pepper and butter. Put in oven to toast. Remove and drizzle with basil pesto and cream sauce.nServe macaroni and cheese and serve immediately with toastettes., ingredients: [5 cloves chopped garlic, plus 3 cloves whole garlic, 3 bay leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoons paprika, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 3 quarts water, boiling, 1 pound dry elbow macaroni, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, Olive oil, to taste, 1 pound aged sharp Cheddar, 34 cup white Cheddar, 3 ounces Asiago, 3 ounces Pecorino, 3 ounces Gorgonzola, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 13 cup creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 lemon, juiced, 12 lemon, zested, 2 teaspoons finely ground Mediterranean sea salt, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 3 organic eggs, beaten, 1 cup olive oil, 1 lemon, zested, 2 ounces basil leaves, 2 ounces raw pine nuts, 1ounce feta cheese, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 13 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon paprika, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, French bread, cut diagonally, Unsalted butter, as needed], title: Quintessential Mac N Cheese, picturelink: null}, 5415: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F arrange the tortillas in a single layer on an oven rack to warm them.nIn a small wellseasoned castiron or nonstick skillet, heat the oil over mediumlow heat. Sprinkle a few droplets of water into the pan. If they sizzle and evaporate, the skillet is hot enough. Add the bell pepper and onion and saute until soft and fragrant, 8 minutes. Add the mushrooms and the Spice Mix and continue to saute until fragrant and the vegetables are thoroughly warmed through.nAdd the egg whites to the skillet. As they begin to solidify, use a rubber spatula to move them around the pan to mix with the vegetables, so that the liquid parts are exposed to the heat. When all is cooked through, season with salt and pepper.nServe straight from the skillet, spooning the fajita mixture onto the warmed tortillas. Serve with Dominics Salsa or hot sauce if using, and the sour cream if using on the side.nCombine the chili powder, cumin, garlic powder, onion powder, brown sugar, paprika, cayenne, salt, cornmeal and some black pepper in a small bowl and whisk together. Store in a small jar with a tightfitting lid. The spice mix will keep up to 2 months.nCombine the tomatoes, scallions, jalapeno, garlic, cilantro, lime juice and vinegar in a medium serving bowl. Add the salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes, then stir again., ingredients: [Four 8inch flour tortillas, 12 teaspoon olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and sliced into 12inch strips, 1 yellow onion, cut in half, sliced 12inch thick, 1 cup cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 12 teaspoons Fajita Spice Mix, recipe follows, or packaged seasoning mix, 4 egg whites, whisked together, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 1 cup Dominics Salsa, for serving, recipe follows, Hot sauce, for serving, optional, Fatfree sour cream, for serving, optional, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cornmeal, Freshly ground black pepper, 5 to 6 Roma tomatoes, diced, 8 to 10 scallions, whites and light green parts, chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper, seeds removed, finely chopped, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped almost to a paste, 1 cup loosely packed cilantro, chopped, Juice of 1 to 2 limes, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper], title: Breakfast Fajitas, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 5416: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the syrup: Boil 1 cup water, sugar and basil over medium heat in a small saucepan. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool, about 15 minutes. Strain before using.nPlace the syrup, peaches, rum, liqueur and lime juice in a blender. Blend until smooth. Pour into icefilled glasses and garnish with lime wedges and basil sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 packed cups fresh basil leaves, 1 pound frozen peaches, not thawed, 1 cup light rum, 12 cup orange liqueur, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Ice, Lime wedges, Fresh basil sprigs], title: Peach and Basil Frozen Daiquiri, picturelink: .gYCf7PepjdzrKXpsxVAZgQ.C90CnwO}, 5417: {instructions: Heat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic and and saute until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the red pepper flakes and white wine and bring to a simmer. Simmer until the wine reduces by half, about 5 minutes. Add the shrimp and cook just until they are pink, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the fusilli in a large pot of boiling salted water until just tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes.nDrain the fusilli. Add the fusilli and arugula to the skillet. Toss to combine. Season the pasta, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer the pasta to a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 ounces fusilli pasta, 3 cups packed fresh arugula, torn in 12], title: Fusilli with Shrimp and Arugula, picturelink: null}, 5418: {instructions: Indulge yourself on the weekend with Chuck Hughes homemade blueberry pancakes, simple and oh so scrumptiousnSift together the flour, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. With a whisk, add the sour cream and give a good mix together. Add the eggs and mix again. Loosen it up by adding the milk, vanilla extract and butter. Combine until it is smooth and a pancake batterlike consistency.nIn a pan over mediumhigh heat, heat the oil and add 1 ladle of the batter. Before turning it over, add in a good handful of blueberries. Let it go for 3 minutes on each side. Repeat with remaining batter and blueberries.nServe with blueberry and maple syrup., ingredients: [3 12 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 cups sour cream, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup melted butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Fresh blueberries, as needed, Blueberry and maple syrup, for serving], title: Blueberry Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 5419: {instructions: Special equipment: candy thermometer and silicon candy moldnIn a 1quart saucepan, mix together 14 cup water and the sugar. Place over medium heat and be sure to clean the sides of the pan with a pastry brush dipped in water, to avoid causing sugar crystals, which will affect the final caramel.nHeat up the cream either in a small saucepan or in the microwave in a microwavesafe container. Once the caramel turns a light amber color, slowly pour in the hot cream. Add the butter and salt, and stir until the butter melts. Once everything is incorporated, cook until a candy thermometer reads 120 degrees F. Pour the caramel over the white chocolate. The heat of the caramel will melt the chocolate. Pipe the caramel when its hot into silicon molds. Then refrigerate and freeze before you place these on the Hazelnut Chocolate Ganache.nPop the frozen caramel right on top of the Hazelnut Chocolate Ganash coins while theyre still warm. Sprinkle with the crisp pearls. You are now ready to dip into chocolate.nTo finish the bon bons, melt and temper the chocolate. Dip the caramels in the chocolate and let sit until chocolate sets.nIn a small 1quart saucepan, bring the cream to a boil. Meanwhile partially melt the chocolate and when the cream comes to a boil, pour this over the chocolate. Before you start to mix, add the praline and the corn syrup. Gently mix until the mixture is homogenous. Let mixture cool until it thickens it will be easy to pipe out of a disposable pastry bag. Pipe into discs, the size of a quarter., ingredients: [1 14 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 ounces white chocolate, Hazelnut Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, 12 cup chocolate crisp pearls, 16 ounces of bittersweet chocolate, for dipping, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup hazelnut praline peanut butter will work as well, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Chewy Salted Caramel and Hazelnut Ganache Bon Bons, picturelink: null}, 5420: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRecommended Wine: 2001 Pecchenino Origin: Alba, Piedmont Grape: Dolcetto Wine notes: Using white wine for fish and red wine for meat no longer applies. Break with tradition. Italy produces many interesting reds, so for this dish I chose a classic Italian wine made from the dolcetto grape. This lighter bodied red will marry well with my salmon dish which has a rich and silky texture. The delicacy of the herbs in my mustard glaze goes nicely with the fruity nature of the wine. My rule for pairing wine with dishes is to go with what tastes good. Wine Pouring Notes: Do not fill above the curve of the bowl, never more than 12 full, that way you can get a true sense of the wines aroma and a better sense of its bouquet. To get the full experience of the wine, place your nose into the glass and take in the wines beautiful aroma., ingredients: [34 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon dry white wine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, Nonstick olive oil cooking spray, 6 6 to 8ounce salmon fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 lemon wedges, 2 garlic cloves, 34 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves], title: Broiled Salmon with Herb Mustard Glaze, picturelink: vpm2087VyJTRCzMqOGSU2q87j8iCXS2}, 5421: {instructions: In a medium skillet, melt the butter over medium heat and cook the shallots for 4 minutes. Add the wine and vinegar and bring to a simmer. Cook liquid until it starts to thicken. Stir in the heavy cream and simmer for 8 minutes. Stir in the parsley, salt, pepper and scallops. Simmer the scallops for about two minutes or until they are a milky white. Serve over rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup shallot, finely chopped, 2 cups dry white wine, 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, Salt and pepper, 1 pound fresh sea scallops], title: Creamy Scallops with White Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5422: {instructions: Spray a 6quart saucepot with cooking spray. Heat over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Add the chicken to the saucepot. Cook until its browned, stirring often.nStir the broth, cumin and rice in the saucepot. Heat to a boil. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook for 20 minutes.nStir the corn, salsa, cilantro and lime juice in the saucepot. Cook until the rice is tender. Top each serving of soup with Crisp Tortilla Strips.nCrisp Tortilla Strips: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F. Cut 4 corn tortillas into thin strips and place them on a baking sheet. Spray with cooking spray. Bake for 10 minutes or until golden.nCampbells Kitchen Tip: Use a pastry wheel when cutting the tortillas to create a special touch for the soup garnish., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, Crisp Tortilla Strips, 4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch pieces about 1 pound, 3 12 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth Regular, Natural Goodnessu2122 or Certified Organic, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup uncooked regular longgrain white rice, 1 can 11 ounces whole kernel corn with red and green peppers, drained, 1 cup Paceu00ae Chunky Salsa, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice], title: Hearty Chicken Tortilla Soup, picturelink: Hw5w68jy.X6mdxcbwIMSzAyOM54VOZu}, 5423: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, add oil. Once heated add the finely sliced garlic and onions to the pan. Cook over medium heat until soft and slightly brown. Next add the canned crushed tomatoes, salt and pepper and stir. Allow the sauce to come to a simmer and cook for 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the julienned basil., ingredients: [6 ounces good olive oil, not extravirgin, 12 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 1 large or 2 medium Spanish onions, finely diced, 2 28ounce cans imported crushed tomatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon white or black pepper, 1 large handful julienned fresh basil leaves], title: Maroni Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5424: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a saucepan over low heat add the cocoa powder, cinnamon, chili powder and cayenne pepper. Toast until spices begin to release their aromas, about a couple of minutes. Using a small whisk or wooden spoon, slowly incorporate the almond milk. Raise the temperature to mediumhigh and bring to a slow simmer. Stir in the agave nectar and remove from the heat. Rim a mug by dipping into a saucer of water, blotting and dipping into saucer of paprika. Pour in tequila. Add hot cocoa mixture. Stir with a cinnamon stick and serve., ingredients: [1 tbs. unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tsp. cinnamon, Pinch of chili powder, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 34 cup almond milk can substitute Irish Creme, coffeeflavored liqueur or milk, Splash of agave nectar can substitute honey or maple syrup, 1 oz. Silver tequila, Paprika, Cinnamon stick], title: Mexicocoa, picturelink: YWV4.mm2mburp3nS0nB3nFWBE4gX8am}, 5425: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Combine the tomatoes, garlic, basil and 1 cup water in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Season with salt and pepper and simmer until slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nToss the breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons parmesan and the Italian seasoning on a plate season with salt and pepper. Beat the egg in a shallow bowl. Dip the tofu in the egg, then in the crumbs, turning to coat.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the tofu and cook until crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Place the bread cutside up on a broiler pan spread the bottom halves with sauce, then top with tofu, more sauce, the mozzarella and remaining parmesan. Broil until the cheese melts and the bread is toasted, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 12 tablespoon olive oil in the empty skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the spinach, season with salt and pepper and let wilt, about 1 minute. Place on top of the cheese and cover with the bread tops.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 8 fresh basil leaves, torn, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 1 large egg, 1 12ounce package firm tofu, drained and sliced into 8 pieces, 2 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 loaf wholewheat Italian bread, cut into 4 pieces and split in half, 14 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 12 pound baby spinach about 8 cups], title: Tofu Parmesan Subs, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 5426: {instructions: In a pot, combine the water, ginger, and cinnamon and let simmer for 12 hour. Remove from heat and strain the liquid. Stir in the sugar and persimmons. Cool and let sit in the refrigerator overnight. Serve well chilled with a teaspoon of pine nuts floating in each cup., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 12 cup fresh ginger, sliced thin, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup dried persimmons, sliced, 12 cup pine nuts], title: Persimmon Punch Soo Jeung Ga, picturelink: null}, 5427: {instructions: In a large heavy pot like a Dutch oven, heat 2 to 3 inches of oil to 350 degrees F.nThoroughly wash the kale and remove the stems. Tear the leaves up into large bitesize pieces and dry them, either in a salad spinner or on paper towels.nDrop 5 to7 leaves in the hot oil at a time and fry until the kale is crisp and almost transparent, 60 to 90 seconds. Drain on a wire rack set over paper towels and season with kosher salt while hot.nFry the cilantro leaves for a couple of seconds and drain on the same wire rack. Season with a bit more salt. Serve it as a snack or side dish., ingredients: [Canola oil, for deep frying, 1 bunch kale about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves removed], title: Crispy Kale, picturelink: SWUptmKbZcg8hntyubrtdzUgxOMmQRO}, 5428: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and celery cook, stirring, until softened, 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the rice and Cajun seasoning and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to medium high stir in 2 cups water and 34 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer, then reduce the heat to low cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Uncover and set aside.nWrap the tofu in paper towels and set on a plate. Weigh down with a bowl let drain 10 minutes. Cut in half lengthwise, then slice 12 inch thick.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon olive oil, the bell peppers, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until the peppers start browning, 4 minutes transfer to a plate.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and the tofu to the skillet in a single layer. Cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side. Stir in the bell peppers, barbecue sauce and scallions. Stir the parsley into the rice top with the tofu.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 14 cups converted white rice, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, Kosher salt, 1 14ounce package extrafirm tofu, 2 bell peppers 1 red, 1 green, thinly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup barbecue sauce, 2 scallions, chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Barbecue Tofu with Cajun Rice, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 5429: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFirst, fire roast poblano pepper, tomatoes and garlic cloves. Dice garlic, blend tomatoes, peel and slice poblanos and set aside.nTake a Dutch oven or large skillet and add oil. Heat oil and add in the bacon. Stir in ground pork and cook on high heat for 3 to 5 minutes then add in venison. Add salt to taste, white and black pepper, chile powder, chorizo seasoning, oregano and minced garlic and stir well. Add cumin slowly to your liking. Slowly, slowly add cumin, be careful powerful stuff. Cook this all real good and stir constantly. When the meat is cooked, add in onions, bell pepper, Anaheim chilies and celery. Deglaze your pan with a 12 ounces Lone Star Beer. Add your blended tomatoes, 2 cans of crushed tomatoes, poblano peppers, chicken stock, beans and cilantro. Let simmer and get a good taste. If you like it hotter, add Serrano peppers or jalapenos. Thicken with masa harina. Serve in a large bowl with feta cheese and fried corn tortilla strips in center. Accompany with crackers, cornbread and ice cold Lone Star., ingredients: [2 fireroasted poblano pepper, 2 fireroasted tomatoes, pureed, 2 to 3 ounces minced roasted garlic, 4 ounces oil or clarified butter, 3 slices diced bacon, 1 pound ground pork, 5 pounds venison, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon white pepper, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 7 tablespoons chile powder, 6 tablespoons chorizo seasoning, 3 tablespoons oregano, 14 tablespoon cumin, 1 ramekin chopped onions, 2 ramekin diced green bell pepper, 2 ramekin diced red bell pepper, 1 ramekin diced Anaheim chile, 1 ramekin diced celery, 12 ounces Lone Star Beer, 2 16ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 4 12 pints 72 ounces chicken stock, 1 cup cooked kidney beans, 1 cup cooked black beans, 1 cup cooked pinto beans, 1 ramekin chopped cilantro, Masa harina, Feta cheese, for garnish, Blue tortilla strips, cut thin, fried], title: Venison Chile con Carne, picturelink: rXCNFvWrQCd4LJ8fiGLY2RgWl.SDRO.}, 5430: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, bring the vinegar, brown sugar, celery seed, turmeric, ginger, and allspice to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the onion, remove from the heat, and allow to stand for 5 minutes to cool.nMeanwhile, toss the cabbage, cucumber and bell pepper together in a serving bowl.nWhisk the olive oil into the cooled vinegar mixture until combined. Pour the onionturmeric vinaigrette over the vegetables and toss to coat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [14 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon celery seed, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, Pinch of ground allspice, 1 small onion, finely diced, 12 small head cabbage, coarsely chopped, 2 Kirby cucumbers, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 green bell pepper, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Texas Yellow Cold Slaw, picturelink: null}, 5431: {instructions: Pour KAHLu00daAu00ae in a highball glass filled with ice. Add the cola. Stir and enjoy., ingredients: [2 parts KAHLu00daAu00ae, Ice, 3 parts cola], title: KAHLu00daAu00ae and Cola, picturelink: null}, 5432: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Slice 6 12inch thick pieces out of the brioche loaf. Top 3 of the slices with thinly ham and the grated cheese. Place on a baking sheet and cook for approximately 5 minutes or until the cheese is melted and golden brown. Take a glass and cut out the middle of the other 3 slices of brioche. Heat the butter in a medium saute pan until hot and bubbly. Add the hollowed out slices and crack an egg in the middle of each piece. After 1 minute flip the slice over and cook 1 minute. Remove from the pan and place together with the ham and cheese, creating a sandwich. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 loaf brioche, 1 pound French ham, thinly sliced, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs], title: Egg Mchogan, picturelink: null}, 5433: {instructions: Clean the beans, removing all stones or chaff. Rinse them well. In a pot large enough to hold the beans plus water to cover, let them soak, overnight.nIn a mediumsize saucepan, over medium heat, saute the salt pork just until it begins to brown. Add the onions and chiles and continue to cook until soft, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and continue to cook, about 1 to 2 minutes.nDrain the beans and add fresh water to cover them. Add the contents of the saucepan to the pot of beans. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat. Simmer, covered, for 1 12 hours. Add the salt and simmer, uncovered, for about 30 minutes, or until tender. Watch the beans carefully, and stir once or twice to be sure they do not stick to the bottom of the pan.nRemove 1 cup of the beans, place them in a blender, and blend until smooth. Stir them back into the pot along with the sherry. Add freshly ground black pepper, and serve with Saffron Rice.nHeat the oil in a mediumsize saucepan, over a medium heat. Add the rice and onion and stir until the grains are coated with oil and the onion is turning translucent. Do not allow the rice to brown. Stir in the salt and saffron, and slowly pour in the water. Cover tightly, and cook over low heat until all the liquid has been absorbed and the rice is tender, about 20 minutes.nSet aside, covered, for 5 minutes. Before serving, stir well to make sure the saffron is well mixed throughout the rice.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [1 pound dried black beans, 12 cup finely diced salt pork, 1 cup chopped onions, 1 cup chopped poblano chiles, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 to 2 teaspoons sea salt, 3 to 4 tablespoons dry fino sherry, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups longgrain rice, rinsed, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon powdered saffron, 4 23 cups boiling water], title: Sherried Black Beans with Saffron Rice, picturelink: null}, 5434: {instructions: For the crostata: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the pie crust on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Drizzle the oil over the grill pan. Drizzle the peach halves with the balsamic vinegar, then grill flatside down until softened and grillmarked, 3 to 4 minutes. Slice the peaches into wedges and arrange in a circle over the crust, leaving a 2inch border. Fold the dough border over the filling to form an 8inch round. Pleat the edge of the pastry and pinch to seal any cracks in the dough.nCombine the sugar and 2 tablespoons water in a small saucepan and cook without stirring until it has become a deep amber color, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and slowly whisk in the butter, lemon juice and salt. Immediately pour the caramel over the peach slices.nBake the crostata until golden, 20 to 25 minutes.nFor the thyme whipped cream: Meanwhile, combine the heavy cream, sugar, vanilla and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer. Whip until the cream has soft peaks, about 2 minutes. Gently fold in the thyme.nLet the crostata cool for 15 minutes to let the caramel settle, then cut into wedges and serve with a dollop of thyme whipped cream., ingredients: [One 9inchround unrollandbake refrigerated pie crust, thawed, 1 teaspoon olive oil, for the grill pan, 1 pound fresh peaches, peeled, pitted and halved about 2 large or one 10ounce bag frozen peaches, thawed, 1 teaspoon white balsamic vinegar, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice from 12 small lemon, Pinch fine sea salt, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme], title: Grilled Peach and Caramel Crostata, picturelink: G2.XXACzNMlrjdP.QM7JxQwbU0yVda}, 5435: {instructions: Preheat a deep fryer to 350 degrees F.nAdd the potatoes to the oil and deepfry until the potatoes are cooked through and golden brown. Drain on a paper towel lined plate.nHeat the clarified butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Saute the shrimp until they are pink, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and continue to cook until tender. Add garlic, black pepper, and potatoes and saute for 2 minutes. Drain off the excess butter, add the peas, and cook until the peas are heated through., ingredients: [2 baking potatoes, like russets, peeled and cut into 12inch squares, 12 cup clarified butter, 4 dozen shrimp, peeled, 2 cups sliced mushrooms, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 15ounce can early peas], title: Shrimp Clemencea, picturelink: null}, 5436: {instructions: For the corncakes, whisk together eggs, buttermilk and melted butter in a medium mixing bowl. Stir in corn kernels. Sift together cornmeal, flour, sugar, salt, and baking powder. Add the dry ingredients to the buttermilkcorn mixture and stir until just combined. Let stand for 20 minutes in a cool place.nFor the maple butter: blend the softened butter with 12 cup maple syrup in a small bowl and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F. In a 10inch nonstick skillet, brown the bacon strips. Drain them on paper towels and transfer to a cookie sheet. Sprinkle the apple slices with cinnamon and salt to taste. Sear them in bacon renderings until golden brown and place them on the sheet pan with the bacon. Wipe out your skillet and return to medium heat. Add just enough butter to coat the bottom of the skillet and ladle 14 cup corn batter. Let cook until the edges of the pancake start to brown and bubbles appear on the surface, about 2 minutes. Flip, cook another 2 minutes, then transfer to the cookie sheet with the apples and the bacon. Repeat until you have a dozen corncakes.nPlace the cookie sheet and your serving plates in the oven until everything is warm, about 4 minutes. On each plate, place 1 corn cake, top that with 2 strips of bacon, another corn cake, 2 slices of apple and another corn cake. Top with maple butter and drizzle the plate with some of the warmed maple syrup. Garnish with a sprig of mint, powdered sugar and a few fresh berries if you desire., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 1 12 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 1 cup fresh sweet corn kernels, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 pound softened butter, 12 cup dark amber maple syrup, 8 strips thickcut smoked bacon, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and sliced, Ground cinnamon to taste, Salt, 12 cup dark amber maple syrup, warmed, 14 cup melted butter, Mint, confectioners sugar and blueberries for garnish, if desired], title: Corn Cake Breakfast Stacks with Maple Butter, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 5437: {instructions: Make crepe batter by placing flour into a bowl. Make a well in the center and add egg, yolk and salt. Combine slowly with milk to form a smooth batter. Allow to stand 4 hours. Melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a crepe pan. Place a small ladleful of batter into the pan and roll it around until it covers the pan base. Cook until waxy bubbles appear on the surface then turn the crepe over with a palette knife. Finish cooking and remove to a plate. Continue until 8 crepes are made.nPoach celery for 5 minutes in boiling salted water. Place clarified butter into a casserole dish on top of the stove. Add the carrot and onion and fry until golden. Add the chicken, cover and allow to steam 10 minutes. Add cold water to cover, bring to a boil, and simmer for 1 14 hours. Remove chicken and cut into small pieces and reduce chicken stock to 2 12 cups. Strain.nTo make the sauce, melt the butter in a pan and add the flour. Stir to form a roux and whisk in the milk to form a thick sauce. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add the wine and simmer 10 minutes. Add the chicken stock and simmer 5 minutes longer. Add poached celery to the chicken flesh and then combine with 2 cups of the sauce. Add 3 tablespoons of cheese to remaining sauce. Lay crepes onto an ovenproof dish. Place a heaping tablespoon of the celery and chicken mixture in the center of each crepe. Fold and turn over. Coat with cheese sauce. Sprinkle with the remaining cheese and place under the broiler to brown about 5 minutes. Serve sprinkled with cayenne pepper and garnished with finely chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 whole egg plus 1 egg yolk, Salt, 1 14 cups milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cups celery, finely chopped, Clarified butter, 1 carrot, roughly chopped, 1 onion, roughly chopped, 3 12 pounds chicken or bowling fowl, 12 cup butter, 1 cup flour, 2 12 cups milk, Salt, pepper and nutmeg, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 12 cups reduced chicken stock, 4 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, Cayenne pepper, Parsley, finely chopped for garnish], title: Crepes Antonin Careme, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 5438: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrown bacon in a medium skillet over medium high heat. Remove bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Add extravirgin olive oil to the pan, 1 turn. Add shallots to the pan and saute 1 to 2 minutes. Add Brussels sprouts and coat in oil. Season with salt and pepper. Cook Brussels sprouts 2 to 3 minutes to begin to soften, then add broth. Bring broth to a bubble, cover and reduce heat to medium low. Cook 10 minutes, until tender. Transfer sprouts to a serving dish with a slotted spoon and top with cooked bacon bits., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 12 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed, small sprouts left whole, larger sprouts halved, Salt and pepper, to your taste, 1 cup chicken broth], title: Brussels Sprouts with Bacon, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 5439: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over medium heat then add chorizo.nWhile chorizo is rendering and browning, peel onion. Place meat in a mixing bowl. Grate a few tablespoons of onion directly over the meat. Quarter the remainder of the onion and thinly slice.nAdd potatoes and onions to the chorizo. Season the hash browns with salt and pepper and fresh thyme. Once the potatoes are lightly browned, 7 to 8 minutes, flip them and press them down with a spatula to crisp them, continue to cook 7 to 8 minutes more.nTo the sirloin, add parsley, smoked paprika, garlic, salt and pepper. Mix the burgers to combine and form 4 large patties. Create an indentation in each burger using the heal of your hand to counter the burger at the center that happens to burgers as they cook  your burgers will be nice and flat for topping if you use this tricknHeat the remaining extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the burgers to the skillet and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side for medium rare burgers and up to 6 to 7 minutes on each side for well done. Melt manchego cheese, 2 thin slices on each burger, the last 2 minutes they are in the pan. Tent the skillet with loose foil to trap enough heat to melt the cheese.nPlace pequillo peppers in food processor and add hot sauce, salt and pepper. Process the peppers into a smooth paste.nTo assemble, place burgers on bun bottoms and top with sliced red onion, cucumber and tomato. Slather the bun tops with pepper paste and set into place. Serve crispy hash browns with chorizo along side., ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 12 pound chorizo, chopped, 1 onion, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 4 to 5 cups frozen shredded hash brown potatoes, 12 of a 26ounce bag, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and chopped, 2 teaspoons smoked sweet paprika, Handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated, Salt and pepper, 8 thin slices manchego cheese, 8 piquillo peppers, drained or 3 roasted red peppers, 1 to 2 teaspoons hot sauce, to taste, 12 red onion, thinly sliced into rings, 14 seedless cucumber, very thinly sliced on an angle, 1 large vineripe tomato, sliced, 4 crusty rolls, split and toasted], title: Spanish Burgers with Manchego and Chorizo Hash Browns, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 5440: {instructions: Saute the onions and garlic in the vegetable oil in a medium pot until golden. Add the vinegar, thyme, rosemary, sage, salt, allspice, cayenne pepper, black pepper and cranberry sauce. Simmer until the cranberries and the chutney begin to thicken, about 20 minutes. Add water during cooking, as necessary, if the mixture becomes too thick., ingredients: [1 cup chopped Spanish onions, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 14 teaspoons vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon fresh rosemary, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 12 teaspoon salt, 13 teaspoon ground allspice, 13 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Pinch black pepper, Two 16ounce cans whole cranberry sauce], title: Cranberry Chutney, picturelink: null}, 5441: {instructions: Melt butter in sauce pan and cook diced peppers over medium heat for 4 minutes. Stir in corn and water. Cover and cook for 68 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and serve, ingredients: [2 tablespoons butte r, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 12 green bell pepper, dice, 2 cups frozen corn, 14 cup water, Salt, Pepper], title: Confetti Corn, picturelink: YZ71IihwwmANZt61UnhXO9S0CIMqxJ.}, 5442: {instructions: For the grits: Bring the milk and stock just to a simmer in a heavy saucepan. Meanwhile, cover the grits with water in a large bowl and whisk vigorously. Let stand 30 seconds, then skim off any chaff that has floated to surface with a finemesh sieve. Drain the grits well in a finemesh sieve and whisk into the simmering milk mixture.nReduce the heat to low and simmer the grits, partially covered, stirring often with a heatproof rubber spatula, until tender and thickened to the consistency of loose oatmeal, about 1 hour stir more towards the end of cooking to avoid scorching. Season with the salt and pepper. If the grits become too thick before they are tender and creamy, thin with milk or cream. Stir in the cream and butter. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nFor the shrimp: Heat the oil in a saute pan over medium heat and render the country ham until crispy and lightly browned. Add the onions and cook for another minute. Turn the heat to high, add the shrimp and saute quickly, giving color to the shrimp. Season with the steak seasoning, salt and pepper. Pour in the beer and let burn off until reduced by half, 30 to 45 seconds. Add the veal stock and tomatoes and cook for another minute.nAs soon as the shrimp are cooked, remove from the heat immediately to keep from overcooking and stir in the butter to richen the broth.nPlace a large dollop of grits in the center of a plate and top with the shrimp and everything in the pan. Top with the green onions., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup yellow stoneground grits, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon ground black pepper, 18 cup heavy cream, 1 ounce unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 12 ounces country ham, julienned, 2 ounces julienned red onions, 8 shrimp, 1 teaspoon Montreal steak seasoning, Small pinch salt, Small pinch ground black pepper, 2 ounces beer cheap draft, 2 ounces rich veal stock, 1 ounce fresh cherry tomatoes, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Big pinch chopped green onions], title: Shrimp N Grits, picturelink: null}, 5443: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the vinegar and brown sugar in a small saucepan over high heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is completely dissolved and mixture reduces slightly, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the honey and mustard and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nBrush the pork racks on both sides with canola oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the soy sauce, 4 cups of water and the ginger and bring to a boil. Pour the mixture into the bottom of a roasting pan, fitted with a rack, and arrange the ribs on the rack. Wrap the pan with foil and roast until the ribs are tender, about 1 12 hours.nRemove the ribs from the oven and transfer to baking sheets lined with foil or parchment paper. Turn on the broiler and let heat for 3 to 5 minutes. Brush the ribs heavily on the top side with some of the glaze, put under the broiler and broil until golden brown and a crust has formed. Remove from the oven to a cutting board and brush with more of the glaze. Let rest 10 minutes before slicing. Arrange the ribs on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 13 cup clover honey, 3 heaping tablespoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 racks St. Louis StyleCountry Style pork ribs 12 ribs each, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup soy sauce, 4 cups water, 2 to 3inch piece ginger, skin on and sliced], title: HoneyMustard Glazed Ribs in Oven and Broiler, picturelink: kZTuIvqVLbbTm4RIhZlNqhnSM3NnjNi}, 5444: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees and grease a Dutch Oven. Cream sugar and butter in large bowl. Add in eggs one at a time. Add seasonings. Mix baking soda into the buttermilk. Alternate adding flour, buttermilk and raisins into mix. Bake for 2 12 to 3 hours in covered Dutch Oven. Cake is finished when knife inserted into middle comes out clean., ingredients: [2 12 cups of buttermilk, 2 cups of sugar, 5 cups of flour, 2 sticks of butter, 5 eggs, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 teaspoon allspice, 2 teaspoons baking soda, Dash of salt, 1 16ounce box of brown raisins, 1 16ounce box of golden raisins, 12 cup whiskey, optional], title: Irish Raisin Cake, picturelink: null}, 5445: {instructions: One day before roasting: In a plastic container large enough to hold the ham, stir the water with the salt and brown sugar until dissolved. Add the spices. Score ham in a diamond pattern through the skin and fat, taking care not to cut into the meat. Add ham to brine, weight it with a plate to keep it submerged, and refrigerate for at least 4 but no more than 8 hours. Drain, rinse, pat the ham dry, and refrigerate.nOne hour before roasting, remove the ham from the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. For the rub: Pulse the olive oil, mustard, parsley, sage, garlic, red pepper, salt, and black pepper in a food processor to make a paste. Rub it all over ham. In a large roasting pan, toss the onion wedges with 1 cup of the apple cider, and set the ham on top. Roast the ham for 30 minutes, reduce the oven temperature 325 degrees F, and roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 165 degrees F, about 4 hours. After the first hour, loosely wrap aluminum foil around the bone to keep it from burning.nMeanwhile, for the glaze: Boil, then simmer, the remaining apple cider in a saucepan, skimming as needed, until syrupy and reduced to about 2 cups, about 1 12 hours.nDuring the last 1 12 hours of cooking the ham, brush it with the glaze every 30 minutes. Transfer the cooked ham to an ovenproof platter and let it rest in the turnedoff oven for 30 minutes. Loosely cover the onions in a bowl, and put them in the oven as well. Strain the pan juices into a saucepan, skim off any excess fat, and bring to a boil. Make a paste with the flour and butter and whisk a bit at a time into the juices. Boil until thick. Carve the ham and serve with the onions and sauce.nCopyright u00a9 2003 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [8 quarts water, 2 cups kosher salt, 1 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 4 whole cloves, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 8 to 10pound shank end fresh ham, bonein and skinon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 1 heaping cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 9 large cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 large Spanish onions, trimmed and cut into 1inch wedges, 1 gallon apple cider, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened], title: Roasted Fresh Ham with Cider Glaze, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 5446: {instructions: In each glass, pour 1 tablespoon of strawberry syrup. Pour in 2 tablespoons gin and stir. Add 2 scoops ice cream and top with soda. Garnish with a strawberry.nIn a small saucepan, combine all ingredients and bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to a simmer over medium heat until strawberries breakdown and syrup thickens, about 20 minutes. Strain mixture, return to the saucepan, and reduce for 10 more minutes over medium heat, until syrup is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons homemade Strawberry Syrup, recipe follows, 1 cup gin liqueur recommended: Pimms No. 1, 12 liter lemonlime soda, 8 scoops strawberry ice cream, 4 strawberries, for garnish, 1 pound strawberries, hulled, 12 cup water, 12 cup sugar], title: Strawberry Fields Ice Cream Float, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 5447: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Add 13 cup water, cover and continue cooking until the onions are golden brown, about 15 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer the onions to a bowl and wipe out the skillet.nDivide the meat into 6 loose balls, then gently flatten into thin patties. Heat the skillet over high heat. Add the patties to the hot skillet, smash them flat with a spatula and season with salt and pepper. Cook, flipping once, until well done, about 3 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, toast the buns under the broiler. Put the patties on the bottom buns and top each with 14 cup sauteed onions. Smear 2 tablespoons butter on the cut side of each top bun, then put on top of the burgers. Slice in half and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [1 stick plus 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 onions, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound ground beef sirloin, 6 soft hamburger buns, split], title: Butter Burgers, picturelink: PSK1LUqdfR.43q.7mnri4xxV3bNinYq}, 5448: {instructions: Combine the sugar, cream, cocoa and butter in a small saucepot over medium heat and cook, stirring, until the butter melts and everything is combined, a few minutes.nTransfer to a mason jar and store in the refrigerator. It will harden as it cools so when ready to use, simply reheat in a saucepan over mediumlow heat., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups dark cocoa powder, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter], title: Hot Fudge Sauce, picturelink: 9PtJVGJJdEbdldTzq6jSOIW4ZqsBu6}, 5449: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide half of the cheese equally among 6 bread slices. Top with the basil leaves then the remaining cheese. Cover with the remaining bread slices, pressing gently, to form 6 sandwiches.nWhisk the eggs, salt and pepper in a large bowl until well blended and frothy. Place the flour in a medium bowl. Add enough oil to a heavy large frying pan to come 12inch up the sides of the pan. Heat the oil over medium heat. Dredge the sandwiches in the flour to coat lightly, then dredge them in the egg mixture to coat completely and place in the hot oil. Cook until the cheese melts and the sandwiches are golden, about 3 minutes per side. Cut the sandwiches into triangles. Transfer the sandwiches to a platter and serve with the pesto., ingredients: [1 12 pounds thinly sliced smoked mozzarella, 12 slices wholewheat bread, 18 fresh large basil leaves, 8 large eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for deep frying, 2 cups about allpurpose flour, 1 cup purchased pesto], title: Mozzarella in Carrozza, picturelink: urpkgZtITZKxpPBcjiqS7iZRphK9J.}, 5450: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, combine the coconut milk, brown sugar, soy sauce, garlic, cumin, orange zest, and salt and pepper, to taste. Pour half of the marinade into a large resealable bag. Reserve 2 tablespoons of the remaining half of the marinade for the Online Round 2 recipe Sweet and Spicy Chicken Wraps. Reserve the rest of the marinade, for the dipping sauce, in a small bowl. Cut each chicken thigh into 6 strips and add to the bag with the marinade. Put the bag into a bowl, in case of leakage, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or overnight.nMeanwhile, if you are using wooden skewers, soak them in water for at least 30 minutes.nDipping sauce, whisk the peanut butter and hot sauce into the reserved dipping sauce marinade. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over medium heat. Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Thread 4 pieces of chicken onto each skewer. Put them onto an oiled grill and cook until slightly charred and cooked through. Reserve 4 skewers for the Online Round 2 recipe Sweet and Spicy Chicken Wraps.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over medium high heat. Make the couscous according to package directions and set aside.nCut the pepper into quarters and remove the core and the seeds. Slice the zucchini and onion into 14inch thick slices. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the vegetables until they are slightly charred and have softened a bit, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove them from the grill and cut them into small pieces. Gently stir the chopped vegetables into the couscous, cover, and keep warm. Reserve 1 cup for the Online Round 2 recipe Sweet and Spicy Chicken Wraps.nArrange the skewers on a serving platter and serve with the dipping sauce and the couscous., ingredients: [1 14ounce can unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 orange, zested, reserve remainder for Grilled Fruit Skewer recipe, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, about 8 thighs, 12 10inch skewers, 12 cup peanut butter, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, or to taste, Canola oil, for brushing, 1 10ounce package couscous, 1 green bell pepper, 1 medium zucchini, 1 medium red onion], title: Chicken Satay with Grilled Vegetable Couscous, picturelink: 5W6aNJc7pJl4O9PdrTpUKqisiXXq8i.}, 5451: {instructions: Rub the rims of 2 martini glasses with a lime wedge, then dip the rims in a dish of course salt. Refrigerate the glasses if desired.nIn a shaker, combine the lime juice, tequila, and orange liqueur. Add ice and shake 10 to 15 seconds, then strain into the prepared glasses., ingredients: [Lime wedges, Coarse salt, 14 cup fresh lime juice, about 1 large lime, 14 cup silver 100 percent agave tequila, 14 cup orange liqueur, 12 cup coarsely cracked ice cubes], title: Topoftheline Margarita, picturelink: kSB6evJu32Ih6Fpx5R.8GSaSmLKuGlG}, 5452: {instructions: Rinse chipotles. Wearing rubber gloves, separately seed and mince chipotles and jalapenos. Mince onion and garlic. Peel, seed, and chop tomatoes. Rinse and drain chickpeas, and in a large bowl stir together all ingredients except additional lime juice.nChill the salad, covered, at least 2 hours and up to 1 day. Season salad with salt and add additional lime juice. Serve salad at cool room temperature., ingredients: [2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, 3 fresh jalapeno chiles, 1 medium onion, 2 garlic cloves, 3 medium vineripened tomatoes, 4 cups drained canned chickpeas 2 19ounce cans, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh lime juice plus additional to taste, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: MexicanStyle ChickPea Salad, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 5453: {instructions: Special equipment: two 9inchround cake pansnMake the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter two 9inchround cake pans and line the bottoms with parchment paper butter the parchment and dust with flour, tapping out the excess. Pulse 2 cups flour, the baking powder, salt and almonds in a food processor until the nuts are finely ground into a powder, 2 to 3 minutes. Whisk the egg whites, milk, and vanilla and almond extracts in a medium bowl until combined.nBeat 1 stick butter and the granulated sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture in 3 additions, alternating with the milk mixture, beginning and ending with the flour, until just combined.nDivide the batter between the prepared pans and smooth the tops. Bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer to racks and let cool in the pans. The cakes can be frozen, wrapped in plastic wrap, for up to 2 weeks. Unwrap and thaw at room temperature.nMake the frosting: Microwave the white chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl in 20second intervals, stirring, until melted set aside. Beat the cream cheese, butter, confectioners sugar and vanilla in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until smooth and creamy, about 4 minutes. Gently fold in the melted white chocolate with a rubber spatula. The frosting can be refrigerated, covered, for up to 2 days. Beat with a mixer to soften just before frosting the cake.nAssemble the cake: Loosen the edges of the cakes with a knife, then invert 1 layer onto a platter and peel off the parchment. Spread 1 to 1 12 cups frosting on top. Remove the other layer from the pan, peel off the parchment and carefully place on top of the first layer. Cover the top and sides of the cake with a thin layer of frosting this is the crumb coat it doesnt have to be perfect. Chill 15 minutes, then cover with the remaining frosting and decorate with nonpareils.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pans, 2 cups cake flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup blanched almonds, 5 large egg whites, 1 cup whole milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons almond extract, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, White nonpareils or sprinkles, for topping optional, 8 ounces white chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup confectioners sugar], title: Almond Layer Cake With White Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 5454: {instructions: Cut challah bread in 1inch thick slices. Allow to sit out for awhile to dry out.nHeat griddle to 350 degrees F and lightly brush with a butter soaked piece of paper towel.nCombine eggs, heavy cream, orange zest and juice, cinnamon and ground nutmeg in a shallow wide dish. Dip the slices of bread into the egg mixture allowing it to soak in on both sides. Transfer to each piece to the hot griddle and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 3 minutes per side. Try to flip only once.nServe with Orange Bourbon Butter.nCream the butter in a mixer. Add the bourbon and orange zest and mix well. Leave at room temperature and serve with the French toast., ingredients: [1 loaf challah Bread, Melted butter, to oil griddle, 6 eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon fresh ground nutmeg, Orange Bourbon Butter, recipe follows, 1 pound unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons orange flavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 3 tablespoons orange zest], title: French Toast, picturelink: 30ufBGJMQUx82B3PxrATRHJ41NyZ5Ca}, 5455: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add anchovy paste, stir it in then add shrimp and shake pan 1 minute. Add 2 teaspoons of lemon zest, garlic, pepper and Worcestershire. Cook shrimp 2 minutes more then add juice of 1 lemon to skillet and turn off heat. Sprinkle the cooked shrimp with some chopped egg. Serve 2 shrimp per person., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon anchovy paste, 8 jumbo shrimp, 6 to 8 count, peeled deveined, tails in tact, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 large cloves garlic, chopped or grated, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 hard boiled eggs, finely chopped], title: Caesars Scampi, picturelink: fl5wrj4hb9c8QbYq9oWCYbn3qpquAqK}, 5456: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 10inch round cake pan. For the cake: Melt the chocolate and butter in a double boiler or in a bowl or smaller saucepan placed over a saucepan of boiling water. Set aside to cool. Beat the egg yolks until light and fluffy. Slowly add the sugar and continue beating until mixture is pale yellow. Fold in the melted chocolate. Sift the flour over the chocolate mixture until it just disappears. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until soft peaks form. Fold egg whites into the chocolate mixture in 2 parts. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and tap on the counter to remove air bubbles. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean see Cooks Note. For the ganache: Place the chopped chocolate in a mixing bowl. Place the cream in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the hot cream to the chocolate and stir until all lumps are gone. Let the ganache stand until it reaches room temperature, then pour it over the cooled cake and spread with a spatula., ingredients: [7 12 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 11 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, separated, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup whole wheat pastry flour, 6 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 34 cup heavy cream], title: Decadent Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 5457: {instructions: Melt 2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter with 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon cayenne. Pour this mixture over 2 cups walnuts, tossing to coat them. Bake the nuts on a cookie sheet at 350 degrees for 10 minutes, ingredients: [2 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons dried rosemary, crumbled, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 cups walnuts], title: Rosemary Walnuts, picturelink: null}, 5458: {instructions: Chuck Hughes golden popcorn rock shrimp served with spicy honey are the perfect game day appetizer.nFor the spicy honey: In a saucepan, on medium heat, bring the honey, garlic, peppercorn, chili flakes, smoked paprika, and salt to a boil and let simmer for 2 minutes. Let cool, strain and transfer to a squeezable bottle. Keep aside.nFor the popcorn shrimp: Preheat the deepfat fryer to 360 degrees F.nIn a bowl, mix together the cornstarch, flour, salt and pepper. Place the eggs in a bowl add the shrimp and coat. Remove the shrimp, letting the excess egg drip back into the bowl, then add the shrimp to the cornstarch mixture. Gently add to the fryer, turning until golden. Drain on paper towels and season with salt and pepper.nServe immediately after frying and drizzle with the spicy honey and garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup honey, 1 clove garlic, mashed, 1 tablespoon peppercorn, 1 tablespoon chili flakes, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Sea salt, Oil for deepfrying, 2 cups of cornstarch Recommended: Maizena, 12 cup flour, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 pounds of rock shrimp, Lemon wedges], title: Popcorn Rock Shrimp with Spicy Honey, picturelink: null}, 5459: {instructions: Special equipment: A pasta rolling machine, a pastry cutter, a food processor and spray bottle.nFor the ravioli: Sift the flour and salt into a mound on a clean work surface. Hollow out a well in the center of the flour. Combine the eggs and olive oil in the hollow.Whisk the eggs with a fork, slowly drawing in some of the flour. Slowly draw in more flour, using your hands until a ball forms. Knead the dough for 10 minutes, adding flour so that the dough is smooth and elastic, not sticky or wet. Place the pasta dough in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let rest for 30 minutes at room temperature.nIn a small skillet, over medium heat melt the butter and saute the onions until tender. Combine the onions with the Taleggio, ricotta and Parmesan cheeses. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nRoll 14 of the pasta through a pasta rolling machine starting at the widest setting and working down to the narrowest setting, rolling the pasta through twice at each setting to work the dough. Lay the rolled pasta flat and trim the edges with a pastry cutter or knife.nPlace 1 tablespoon of filling at 2inch intervals along the length of the pasta, 12inch from the edge. Spritz the pasta with water and fold in 2, lengthwise, over the filling. Press down on the pasta all around the mounds of filling to ensure a good seal. Cut the pasta into squares with the filling in the middle. Repeat with the rest of the pasta and filling. Cover the ravioli and set aside until ready to cook. Any remaining unrolled pasta can be stored, double wrapped, in refrigerator for 3 days or in the freezer for up to 1month.nFor the sauce: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the peppers on a baking sheet and bake for 25 minutes. Place the hot peppers in a large bowl and cover with plastic wrap to steam. Peel the peppers and remove the stem and seeds. In a small skillet over medium heat, melt the butter and olive oil and saute the garlic for 15 seconds. Add the anchovies, reduce the heat to low and cook for 1 minute.nIn a food processor, puree the roasted peppers, anchovy mixture, lemon juice and salt until smooth. Place in a pot and warm over medium heat.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Drop the ravioli into the boiling water and cook for 2 minutes. Drain ravioli and toss with warm sauce. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon finely chopped onion, 1 cup Taleggio, 1 cup ricotta, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 red peppers, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 6 anchovy fillets, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 112 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves], title: Cheese Ravioli with Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 5460: {instructions: Melt butter in skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add onions to hot pan and begin caramelizing, stirring occasionally. After 4 minutes or so, add apples to the onions and continue to cook until onions are golden brown, about 6 more minutes. Remove from heat when done.nWhile onions and apples are cooking, blend together in a large bowl the ground beef, salt, pepper, thyme, Dijon, egg, and bread crumbs. Be sure ingredients are well incorporated, but dont over work. Form mixture into 4 goodsized patties. hint: If you create a concave burger, with the center thinner than the edges, when it cooks the burger wont swell up to look like a meatball, but will remain flat and pattylikenHeat grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace burgers on grill and cook about 10 minutes per side, or until cooked through. As burgers are finishing after the first flip, spread mayonnaise on both cut sides of each split roll. Place rolls on grill, mayonnaise side down, to toast for about 1 minute, or until golden.nPlace each burger on the bottom half of a toasted roll. Top with about 14 cup of blue cheese, then with a generous scoop of the caramelized onion and apple mixture. Cover with the roll and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 Vidalia onions, sliced, 2 Granny Smith apples, diced, 2 pounds 80 percent lean ground beef, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 egg, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 4 large crusty rolls, split, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 cup blue cheese], title: Autumn Harvest Burger with Caramelized Onion and Apple, picturelink: null}, 5461: {instructions: Toast the macadamia nuts in the oven for about 5 to 10 minutes until they are toasted blonde, watch them carefully as they burn quickly. Once they are toasted blonde, let them cool down and grind them.nCut 7 scallops into 2 horizontal pieces. Brush them lightly with macadamia nut oil and press them into the ground macadamia nuts to coat completely. Arrange them on a baking sheet and set aside.nRemove the greens from the fennel and reserve for garnish or another use. Slice the bulb thinly and put the pieces in a small frying pan with the macadamia nut oil, water, salt, pepper, and star anise. Bring to a simmer and cover for 15 to 20 minutes, simmering slowly until it is the consistency of a compote. Set aside. Heat on high in the oven for 10 minutes before using.nPut the sheet with the scallops in the oven only for 2 minutes just to stiffen the scallops and cook through. Place the fennel confit in the center of the plate and arrange the 3 12 roasted scallops in the shape of a fan. Garnish with the fennel greens., ingredients: [2 cups macadamia nuts, 7 scallops, 3 tablespoons macadamia nut oil, 1 bulb fennel, 1 tablespoons water, Salt and pepper, 1 piece star anise], title: Scallops Sauteed in Macadamia Nut Oil with a Macadamia Nut Crust, picturelink: null}, 5462: {instructions: Cook rice according to package directions.nMeanwhile, using a fork, pull chicken meat from bone in shreds. Transfer chicken to a medium saucepan. Add chick peas, tomatoes, sour cream, curry powder, and cumin and mix well. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Simmer 5 minutes to heat through. Remove from heat and stir in cilantro. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Serve chicken curry over rice. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [2 cups quickcooking white or brown rice, 2 roasted chicken breast halves, 1 15ounce can chick peas, drained, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, 12 cup lowfat sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus 12 cup, for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Curry with Chick Peas and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 5463: {instructions: Butter an 8inchsquare baking pan. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, stir together brown sugar, oil, and egg until smooth. Mix in nuts and vanilla. In a small bowl, mix together the ground popcorn, baking powder, and salt. Add popcorn mixture to the batter, stirring well. Spread evenly in the buttered pan. Bake for 20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cut into squares while warm., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 1 cup brown sugar, packed, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 egg, 14 cup chopped nuts, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup popped popcorn, finely ground and kernels discarded, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Bourbon Street Butterscotch Brownies, picturelink: dUZbb5FHQu422zeUVvoYjOIVJmfT2ta}, 5464: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCream the butter and sugar until fluffy. In a separate bowl, mix the flour and cornstarch. Slowly add the flour mixture to the butter and sugar, and mix until blended. Roll out the dough to 1inch thickness. Bake for 30 minutes or until lightly brown. Remove the oven and sprinkle with sugar on top while still warm. Cut into lengths, approximately 1 by 3inches. Can be stored in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 cups butter, softened, 1 23 cups sugar, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups cornstarch, Sugar, for sprinkling], title: Ashleys Scottish Shortbread, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 5465: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine cranberry juice, seltzer, white wine, and lime slices. Serve over ice and garnish with reserved lime slices and mint sprigs., ingredients: [1 part cranberry juice, 1 part seltzer water, 1 part white wine, 2 limes, sliced, reserve 4 slices for garnish, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Cranberry Fizzle, picturelink: jRr.GWSDQH5bdssKdUwHo.rnUGLaxVG}, 5466: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously butter a 9inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom.nWhisk the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter, peanut butter and both sugars in a separate bowl with a mixer until smooth. Beat in the egg and vanilla. Add the flour mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until combined.nPress half of the dough into the prepared tart pan. Spread the jam over the dough, leaving a 12 inch border around the edge. Drop about half of the remaining dough over the jam by the tablespoonful lightly press the rest of the dough into the pan around the edge to form a crust. Bake until golden, 45 to 50 minutes.nTransfer the pan to a rack and let cool. Remove the ring and transfer the tart to a plate.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for the pan, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup peanut butter creamy or crunchy, 12 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup strawberry jam], title: StrawberryPeanut Butter Tart, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 5467: {instructions: For the sauce: Heat a medium Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add 3 tablespoons of the olive oil and then the onion, garlic, carrot, celery and pepper flakes. Cook, stirring often, until the carrots are beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Add 12 teaspoon salt and the tomato puree rinse out each bottle of puree with 13 cup water and add that to the pot as well. Add the Parmesan rind and basil sprigs and stir to combine. Bring the sauce to a simmer, then reduce the heat to mediumlow simmer for 40 minutes.nRemove and discard the Parmesan rind, onion, celery, garlic and basil sprigs. Stir in 1 teaspoon salt and the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil. Add the ricotta and whisk to combine. Set aside.nFor the meatballs: In a medium bowl, soak the bread in the milk and egg for 3 minutes, tearing apart the bread with your fingers. Add the Parmesan, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, and ground beef. Mix gently with your hands just until combined.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Add enough oil to come 1 inch up the side of the pan. When the oil is hot, use a 1tablespoon scoop to scoop and roll little meatballs. Working in several batches to avoid crowding the pan, add the meatballs to the hot oil and cook until evenly browned, about 3 minutes per side. Remove with a slotted spoon and transfer to a papertowellined tray to drain.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the parcooked ziti with 3 or 4 cups of the sauce. Toss well to coat.nTo assemble the dish: Cover the bottom of a 9by13inch baking pan with 1 cup of the sauce. Next, layer half of the cooked ziti, followed by more sauce. Dot with threequarters of the meatballs and all of the eggs, and sprinkle with half of the mozzarella and 12 cup of the Parmesan. Top with the remaining half of the pasta and then the remaining meatballs and mozzarella. Finish with the remaining sauce and 12 cup Parmesan.nBake until lightly browned on top and bubbling around the edges, 30 minutes. Let sit for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium red onion, peeled and cut in half, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 carrot, peeled and grated, 1 stalk celery, cut in half, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Two 24.5ounce bottles tomato puree, such as Mutti, One 4inch Parmesan rind, 5 sprigs fresh basil, 1 cup ricotta, at room temperature, 1 cup torn stale Tuscan bread, without crust about 2 small slices, 12 cup milk, at room temperature, 1 egg, at room temperature, beaten, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 pound ground sirloin, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 pound ziti rigate, cooked in salted boiling water for 5 minutes, 2 hardboiled eggs, quartered, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, torn into 1inch pieces, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Ziti Stufati, picturelink: Ad2x5E5do4eJZ39YfUA0MSuh9uAY0vG}, 5468: {instructions: In a cold, heavy 6 to 8quart stewing pot, fry bacon over lowmedium heat until fat is rendered, and then discard bacon slice.nSaute onions in the bacon fat for a few minutes, do not allow the onions to brown. If bacon does not provide enough fat, add a little olive oil to prevent the onions from sticking. When onions become glossy, add the beef, sauteing with the onions for about 10 minutes, covered, until the meat is browned.nMeanwhile, chop and crush the garlic with the caraway seeds add to meat and onions. Remove pot from heat. Stir in paprika rapidly with a wooden spoon. Immediately after paprika is absorbed, add the warm water. The water should just cover the meat, leaving room for potatoes.nAdd beef bouillon cubes. Cover pot and cook over low heat for about 1 hour.nWhile stew is braising, prepare the tomatoes by cutting into 1inch pieces. Core green peppers and cut into strips. After 1 hour of braising, add the tomatoes and green pepper. Add a little more water, if necessary and a little more salt if you need it. Simmer slowly for another 30 minutes.nPeel potatoes and cut into bitesized cubes and set aside in a bowl of water. Add potatoes, and cook another 30 minutes until the potatoes are fork tender and the goulash is done.nOnce goulash is finished, dissolve sour cream and a little of the goulash sauce in a cup. Add to goulash, it should give a creamy consistency. Serve goulash with spaetzle and Cucumber Salad on the side, adding an extra dollop of sour cream to each plate.nPeel and slice cucumbers very thinly. The side of a metal grater with the wide slots works best here, or you can use a mandoline. Place cucumbers in a flat dish and sprinkle throughout with salt, making sure that all the slices are salted. Leave to rest for 30 minutes. The salt will draw the moisture out of the cucumbers. Cut the onion into paperthin slices and place in a container. Once the cucumbers have released water, use your hands to squeeze out the excess water and add to the onions. The cucumbers are supposed to be limp, but still crisp.nIn a measuring cup mix vinegar, water, sugar and paprika to create a vinaigrette. Pour over the cucumbers and onions and marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 12 hours.nServe with a sprinkle of dill and a little dollop of sour cream if desired., ingredients: [1 strip bacon, 2 onions, medium dice, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 12 pounds stewing beef, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 garlic clove, Pinch caraway seeds, 2 tablespoons good quality sweet paprika see Cooks Note, 2 cups warm water, 2 cubes beef bouillon, 2 whole canned tomatoes, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, 4 or 5 potatoes, 2 tablespoons sour cream, plus more for plating, 1 pound prepared spaetzle, as an accompaniment, Cucumber Salad, as an accompaniment, recipe follows, 2 cucumbers, Seasoned salt, 12 onion, 12 cup white vinegar, 14 cup water, 2 teaspoons sugar, 18 teaspoon sweet paprika, Pinch dill, dried or fresh optional, Dollop sour cream optional], title: Hungarian Goulash, picturelink: null}, 5469: {instructions: For the polenta: Bring the stock to a simmer in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, and then reduce the heat to medium. Next, add the cornmeal and cook with a stirring motion until thickened, 12 to 15 minutes. Next, reduce the heat to low, add the butter, parsley and thyme and finish cooking until the cream has been absorbed, 3 to 4 minutes. The polenta should be semitight and creamy liquid levels will vary with the moistness of the cornmeal.nFor the sauce: In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring the veal stock to a simmer. Then add the cream and garlic. Reduce the heat to medium and allow further simmering for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and hold for plating.nFor the scallops: Add the oil to a large saute pan over high heat and bring to verge of smoking. During this process, place paper towels down on a flat counter, and then place the scallops on the towels and pat dry.nMix the salt and pepper together. Once the pan is hot, sprinkle both sides of the scallops with the salt and pepper mixture. Then add to pan and sear the first side, about 2 minutes. Reduce the heat and flip to sear the second side for a final 1 to 1 12 minutes. Once cooked, remove the scallops from the pan and serve atop the polenta. Finish with the demiglace sauce and garnish with chives, ingredients: [1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, 14 cup good veal stock, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 12 large scallops, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, Fresh chives, for serving], title: Seared Scallops, Polenta, DemiGlace, picturelink: KC4syAppSyYr26RnqoDKxe.YkXxzCs6}, 5470: {instructions: Combine one 12ounce bag cranberries, the segments from 6 clementines, 12 cup each orange juice and cranberry juice, 34 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick and 1 star anise pod in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer 20 minutes. Add 1 cup dried cranberries and simmer 15 more minutes, or until thickened.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [], title: CranberryClementine Sauce, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 5471: {instructions: In a mixing glass add the ice, mint, limes, ginger and simple syrup. Muddle. Pour into an icefilled cocktail shaker and add the rum and canton ginger liqueur. Shake and pour over the rocks in a tall glass. Garnish with a peach and ginger slice, and a sprig of mint., ingredients: [Ice, 2 sprigs fresh mint, plus extra for garnish, 3 lime slices, 2 slices ginger, plus extra for garnish, 34ounce simple syrup equal amounts sugar and water, heated until sugar dissolves cool, 1 12 ounces peach flavored rum recommended: Bacardi, 34ounce Canton ginger liqueur, Peach slice, for garnish], title: Georgias Delight, picturelink: null}, 5472: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nZesty Basil Butter:nCombine the butter, lemon juice, garlic, salt, pepper, and basil in a medium saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring until the butter melts. Cover and keep warm over low heat.nHeat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Season the fish with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook the fish for 3 minutes then turn and cook until just opaque, about 3 to 4 minutes more. Transfer the fillets to individual plates.nSpoon the warm basil butter over the fish and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, plus additional for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus additional for seasoning, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 6 to 8ounce mahi mahi fillets], title: Seared Mahi Mahi with Zesty Basil Butter, picturelink: SOEy6VnyTQAl9ta3H01zk.sj6qbQAgC}, 5473: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 F degrees.nSlice croissants horizontally and place all 4 on a baking sheet.nFill a mediumsized frying pan halfway with water. Over medium heat, bring water to a simmer. Add white vinegar to water. Do not let water boil. Working with 1 egg at a time, crack egg into a small bowl and slide into simmering water. Simmer eggs 3 to 5 minutes, or until whites are cooked and yolk is still soft. Transfer eggs with slotted spoon onto a plate.nTIP: Eggs can be precooked and refrigerated to this point. Reheat by sliding egg into simmering water for 1 minute at time of service.nIn a small saucepan, add hollandaise packet to the milk. Add the chives and tarragon. Heat thoroughly over low heat, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Set aside.nSeparate croissant halves and place together forming a circle, cutside up. Top each half with a slice of prosciutto and a poached egg. Spoon hollandaise sauce over the top of the egg. Garnish with tarragon leaves., ingredients: [4 6ounce prepackaged Frenchstyle croissants, not frozen, toasted or warmed in the oven, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 6 large eggs, 1 package dry hollandaise sauce mix, 1 14 cups milk, 1 tablespoon fresh chives, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon leaves, finely chopped, 4 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced, Fresh tarragon leaves, for garnish], title: Eggs Benedict, picturelink: null}, 5474: {instructions: Clean the leeks: cut off the green top parts and slice them lengthwise, separate each leaf and rinse thoroughly under cold water. Dry the leeks well and then roughly chop them.nUsing a wooden spoon, saute the leeks in a large skillet with about 3 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat, for about 10 minutes, stirring often. Remove from the heat once completely softened and the leeks begin to turn a golden blonde.nWhile the leeks are cooking, start the meatballs:nIn a large bowl, mix together the ground meat, shallot or onion, chopped parsley, 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, grated Parmesan, and egg yolk. Season the mixture lightly with salt and freshly ground pepper.nPour the bread crumbs in a pasta bowl and roll in the meatballs as you are preparing them. Set the meat aside on a large plate, do not make a pile use 2 plates, if necessary.nReturn the pan with the leeks to a mediumhigh heat, add the meatballs and saute gently flipping them once or twice.nOnce they are browned, lower the heat and add the broth a few tablespoons at a time. Season with a light sprinkle of salt and some ground pepper, lower the heat to mediumlow and cook for about 25 minutes, always making sure that the sauce does not dry up.nThis dish makes Debi very happy, she says that this sauce is probably the closest thing that I prepare that actually deserves to be called gravy, ingredients: [2 leeks, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound lean ground turkey, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 12 handful fresh parsley, leaves picked and finely chopped, 1 cup, plus 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 egg yolk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 34 cup warm chicken or vegetable broth], title: Turkey Meatballs on a Bed of Leeks, picturelink: null}, 5475: {instructions: Combine milk, sugar, and lemon thyme in a saucepan. Bring the milk to a simmer over medium heat, whisking occasionally, until the sugar dissolves. Remove the pan from the heat, cover it and allow the milk to steep for at least 30 minutes.nReturn the milk to the stove and once again bring it to a simmer over medium heat. Meanwhile, in a large bowl beat the eggs. Once the milk reaches a simmer, temper the eggs by gradually whisking 12 cup of the hot milk into the yolks. Repeat, until half the milk has been added to the yolks. Whisk in the remaining milk then quickly pour the ice cream base through a fine strainer into a bowl set over ice.nChill the ice cream base thoroughly then add the pink peppercorns. Process the ice cream in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. When the ice cream is thick, but not yet fully frozen, fold in the creme fraiche, then continue to process the ice cream. Spoon the ice cream into containers and freeze until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 quart milk, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 bunch fresh lemon thyme, 12 egg yolks, 14 cup whole pink peppercorns, 1 cup creme fraiche], title: Creme Fraiche Ice Cream with Pink Peppercorns and Lemon Thyme, picturelink: null}, 5476: {instructions: Heat oil over mediumhigh flame and saute garlic and onion until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer about 5 minutes. Let cool to room temperature and puree in blender or food processor for 30 seconds.nAdd basil, salt and pepper and blend for another 30 seconds. Add yogurt and pulse to mix. Keep chilled until ready to serve. When serving, add a couple of tablespoons of diced tomato on top of each bowl of soup. Season tomato with salt and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 clove garlic, sliced, 12 onion, small dice, 4 cups vegetable stock, or water, 12 cup basil leaves, Salt and pepper, 2 cups yogurt, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, cut small dice], title: Summer Yogurt Soup with Tomato and Basil, picturelink: oBHRbypQEpqhq84v1gnxUxE6Yhw.cm}, 5477: {instructions: Special equipment: 24 paper cupcake liners Cupcake pans 2 sheet pans Wax paper Microwavesafe bowln1. Preheat oven to 350u00b0F.n2. Line the cupcake pans with the paper cupcake liners.n3. Prepare the cake mix according to the package instructions. Pour the cake mix into the lined cupcake pans, and bake for approximately 1821 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely.n4. While the cupcakes are baking, prepare the butterfly wings. Line the two sheet pans with wax paper. Transfer 1 cup of vanilla frosting to a microwavesafe bowl heat in the microwave for 1015 seconds, stirring occasionally, until the texture of slightly whipped cream. Dip the pretzels in the warmed vanilla frosting until theyre almost covered. Dab off any excess frosting, and then sprinkle with the pink decorating sugar before the icing sets. Transfer to the lined sheet pans set aside and let cool completely.n5. Tint 1 can of vanilla frosting green spread it on top of the cooled cupcakes. Refrigerate until the frosting is set.n6. Using the photo as your guide, decorate the cupcakes as follows:n7. Cover the top with green MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies on the outside edge of each cupcake.n8. Press the small tips of the pretzels on top of the cupcakes for wings.n9. Place one MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Chocolate Candies for the head.n10. Arrange a line of samecolor MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Chocolate Candies for the body.n11. Cut the licorice laces and place them as antennae., ingredients: [1 box 18.25 oz. yellow cake mix, 3 cups prepared vanilla frosting, 48 pieces thin pretzels twists, u00bc cup pink decorating sugar, 1u00bd cups MMSu00ae Brand Chocolate Candies, u00bc cup MMSu00ae Brand Peanut Chocolate Candies, 3 strands licorice laces, Green food coloring], title: Fluttering Cupcakes, picturelink: hy294XA5ZxC9Cnh61uTMipzgtT4TK}, 5478: {instructions: In a large Dutch oven, melt 4 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. Brown the chicken pieces until nicely colored and cooked through. Remove chicken to a large bowl and set aside.nUsing the same Dutch oven, stir in the flour. This will create a roux. Stir in the onions and peppers. Add the chicken stock to deglaze the pan and stir in the heavy cream. Lower heat and cook until the mixture thickens, about 5 minutes. Once the sauce has thickened, add the chili powder, coriander, cumin, cayenne, black pepper and the salt. Stir and cook for a few minutes. Add the cannellini beans, chiles and the chicken and simmer for another 6 to 8 minutes. At the very end, mix in the sour cream. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with Cheddar and parsley., ingredients: [1 stick butter, divided, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed into 12inch pieces, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large onion, chopped, 14 cup red pepper, diced, 14 cup green pepper, diced, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 14.5ounce cans cannellini beans, drained, 2 4ounce cans mild green chiles, 12 cup sour cream, 1 12 cups grated Cheddar, for garnish, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Chunky Chicken Chili, picturelink: null}, 5479: {instructions: Add the chipotles, 12 cup olive oil and the lime juice to a food processor or blender and season with salt and black pepper, to taste. Pulse until it becomes a thick puree. Coat the flank steak with the chipotle mixture and let it marinate for 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill to high heat.nAdd the jalapenos, cilantro, red peppers, red onion, peanuts, orange juice, soy sauce, sugar and remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to a large bowl. Toss the ingredients well to combine. Season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste, and set the bowl aside.nWhen the flank steak has finished marinating, put it on the preheated grill and grill each side for 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let it rest for about 8 to 10 minutes. Slice the steak thinly against the grain, and begin assembling your salad immediately.nPut the meslun greens on each serving plate and spoon some of the jalapeno mixture over the greens. Top with the sliced flank steak, serve and enjoy., ingredients: [4 chipotle chilies, stemmed, 12 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons divided, 2 limes, juiced, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 1 12 to 2pound flank steak, 2 jalapenos, seeded and thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, seeded and cut into strips, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup finely chopped dry roasted peanuts, 2 oranges, juiced, 14 cup soy sauce, Pinch sugar, 6 to 8 cups mesclun greens, washed and dried], title: Big Daddy Spicy Beef Salad, picturelink: E8Hdb0hhoWqFBBIjmoRdYaVDfXwOqWe}, 5480: {instructions: Cover a large table with a shower curtain. To make the monsters body, arrange vegetables and other foods on the large table to resemble a skeleton. For arms and legs, use zucchini sliced lengthwise. Use the turnip cut in halves for kneecaps. Use toothpicks to pin a celery rib cage together. Secure dried apricot toes to celery feet. Attach corn kernel fingernails to sliced hot dog fingers. Just below the rib cage, pile cooked ramen noodles as small intestines and veins, and pile rope licorice for the large intestines. Place prepared JellO gelatin as the guts, water chestnuts as gallstones and a chunk of ham for the heart. Cover the cauliflower with some prepared JellO gelatin for the brain and use 2 canned mushroom caps for the eyes. When the skeleton is in place, cover with another shower curtain. Cut slits in the curtain so the children can reach in and touch the organs without being able to see them through the shower curtain. The children can guess what the organs are., ingredients: [2 zucchini, 1 turnip, 2 celery stalks, 10 pieces dried apricots, 10 corn kernels, 2 uncooked hot dogs, 1 bag cooked ramen noodles, 1 bag rope licorice, 1 package of prepared JellO gelatin, 5 to 8 water chestnuts, 1 chunk ham, 1 whole cauliflower, 2 canned mushroom caps, 2 old darkcolored shower curtains], title: Monster Operation, picturelink: null}, 5481: {instructions: Soak the herring in the milk for at least 12 hours or up to 24 to draw out a lot of the excess salt. Drain the herring, rinse, and pat dry. Cut off the fins and fillet the herring, leaving the skin on. Cut the fillets crosswise into 2inch strips.nIn a saucepan, combine the water, sugar, vinegar, allspice, mustard seeds, caraway seeds, and peppercorns. Bring the mixture to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove from the heat and cool the pickling mixture completely.nArrange the herring fillets, onion, carrots, dill, bay leaves, and horseradish in a glass dish or funky Mason jar. Pour the cooled pickling mixture into the jar so that all the ingredients are completely covered with the liquid. Cover and refrigerate overnight or up to 2 days before serving., ingredients: [3 to 4 whole salted herrings, 2 cups milk, 1 12 cups water, 1 cup white sugar, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 2 teaspoons yellow mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons whole white peppercorns, 1 small red onion, sliced in rings, 2 carrots, cut in thin slices, 2 handfuls fresh dill, 2 bay leaves, 2inch piece fresh horseradish, cut in big slices], title: Pickled Herring, picturelink: null}, 5482: {instructions: 1. Peel the ginger and cut into 14inchthick disks.n2. In a deep saucepan large enough to hold the pear halves in a single layer, combine the ginger, sugar, and 12 cup of the water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Cook the syrup until it turns a medium amber brown. Remove the pan from heat and carefully add the remaining 2 12 cups water. Stir until the caramel is completely dissolved. Add the vanilla bean to the syrup.n3. Peel the pears, leaving the stems intact. Cut the pears in half lengthwise. Use a melon baller to remove the central core. Draw the melon baller from the core to the top of the pear, removing the interior stem, up to the top of the pear. Add the pears to the caramel syrup.n4. Simmer and cook the pears, uncovered, until they are tender but not mushy when pierced with a sharp knife, 15 to 20 minutes the length of poaching time depends on the ripeness of the fruit. Stir in the pear brandy, if using.n5. Remove the pan from heat and let the pears cool to room temperature in the poaching liquid. The pears can be served immediately, or covered and refrigerated in the poaching liquid for up to 2 days.n6. To serve, drain the pears and place each pear half on a dessert plate. Place a scoop of vanilla ice cream alongside or on top of the poached pear. Drizzle with chocolate or caramel sauce. Sprinkle with the pistachios and serve immediately., ingredients: [2inch piece fresh ginger, 1 cup sugar, 3 cups warm water, 1 vanilla bean, halved lengthwise, 4 firm, barely ripe Bosc pears, 1 or 2 tablespoons Poire William or other pear brandy optional, 1 12 pints vanilla ice cream, Chocolate sauce or caramel sauce for serving, 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios for garnish], title: Caramel Pears Belle Helene, picturelink: null}, 5483: {instructions: Put the split mung dal, turmeric, water and salt into a pot large enough to hold them and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer about 40 minutes. The dal should become somewhat soft and porridgelike. Set aside.nPlace the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, fenugreek seeds, peppercorns and chilies in a dry saute pan and toast them until they become quite fragrant. After allowing the spices to cool, grind them in a spice or coffee grinder until fine.nPlace the oil in a saute pan and add the garlic and shallots. Cook over high heat until softened and just beginning to brown. Add the coconut milk and bring to a boil. Add the ground spices and cook for 1 minute. Add the mixture to the cooked dal and simmer for about 10 minutes over low heat. Taste for seasoning, adding more salt if needed.nServe with rice and celery leaves.nPut the split mung dal, turmeric, water and salt into a pot large enough to hold them and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer about 40 minutes. The dal should become somewhat soft and porridgelike. Set aside.nPlace the coriander seeds, cumin seeds, fenugreek seeds, peppercorns and chilies in a dry saute pan and toast them until they become quite fragrant. After allowing the spices to cool, grind them in a spice or coffee grinder until fine.nPlace the oil in a saute pan and add the garlic and shallots. Cook over high heat until softened and just beginning to brown. Add the coconut milk and bring to a boil. Add the ground spices and cook for 1 minute. Add the mixture to the cooked dal and simmer for about 10 minutes over low heat. Taste for seasoning, adding more salt if needed.nServe with rice and celery leaves., ingredients: [1 cup split mung dal, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 5 cups water, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 3 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 5 dried red chilies, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 cup coconut milk, Cooked basmati rice, for serving, Celery leaves, for serving, 1 cup split mung dal, 2 teaspoons turmeric, 5 cups water, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 3 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 5 dried red chilies, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 cup coconut milk, Cooked basmati rice, for serving, Celery leaves, for serving], title: My Dal, picturelink: r6WFXhOKw85.Nyf27.KKnJQLKZ6K}, 5484: {instructions: In a steamer set over boiling water steam the radishes, covered, for 5 minutes, or until they are just tender. In a large skillet melt the butter over moderately low heat, add the radishes, the lemon juice, the dill, and salt and pepper to taste, and heat the mixture, stirring, until the radishes are heated through., ingredients: [1 pound radishes, trimmed and sliced thin about 4 cups, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 4 teaspoons finely chopped fresh dill], title: Steamed Radishes with Lemon Dill Butter, picturelink: null}, 5485: {instructions: Preheat an outdoor grill to medium heat.nBrush the pork tenderloins with oil. Season generously with salt and pepper.nUse a clean cloth or rolled paper towels soaked with oil to season the grill. Grill the tenderloins, turning as necessary to mark them well on all sides. Use a basting brush to coat the tenderloins with sauce. Turn the tenderloins about every 2 minutes and reapply sauce to ensure even caramelization. Cook until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center registers 145 degrees F for medium doneness to 160 degrees F for well done.nRemove the tenderloins to a wire rack or plate to rest. Rest in a warm place for at least 5 to 7 minutes. Bring leftover sauce to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Slice and serve with sauce for dipping or drizzling.nCoat the whole red onions with canola oil and roast until inside layers are very soft, about 1 hour. Peel the onions and discard outer layers if blackened. Place in blender with prickly pear cactus puree and blend at high speed until completely smooth. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat 1 tablespoon of butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Saute minced onions until lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add coriander, cumin, pepper flakes, serrano, garlic, and lime zest. Cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes.nAdd Worcestershire, tequila, cider vinegar and lime juice. Cook over mediumhigh heat until reduced by half.nStir in onioncactus fruit puree, water and salt, to taste, and bring to a simmer.nRemove from heat and swirl in the remaining butter. The sauce may be blended to achieve a smoother consistency or left as it is., ingredients: [2 pork tenderloins, trimmed about 1 12 to 2 pounds total, Canola or peanut oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups Prickly Pear Tequila BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 3 medium red onions, 2 whole, 1 minced, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 34 cup frozen prickly pear cactus puree, thawed, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon coriander seed, freshly toasted and ground, 1 12 teaspoons cumin seed, freshly toasted and ground, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 serrano chiles, ribs and seeds removed, minced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 12 cup white Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup tequila, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 34 cup water, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Pork Tenderloin with Prickly Pear Tequila BBQ Sauce, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 5486: {instructions: Heat about 1inch of oil in heavybottomed saucepan over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 340 degrees F. Line a large plate with paper towels.nPeel the plantains and discard the skins. Slice into 14inch thick pieces. Fry the plantains in oil, turning occasionally, until a golden brown color, about 2 to 4 minutes. The longer the plantains fry the sweeter they are. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Sprinkle the plantains with a little salt.nPut the sugar and cinnamon in a brown bag, drop the warm plantains into the bag, and shake to coat evenly. Serve with rum whipped cream or ice cream, if desired.nWhip the cream just until soft peaks form. Add the rum and whip again, taking care not to over whip your cream. Serve now or refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for shallow frying, 2 firmripe plantains about 1 pound, Kosher salt, 1 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Rum Whipped Cream, recipe follows, or ice cream, 34 cups heavy cream, chilled, 1 tablespoon dark rum], title: Sweet Fried Plantains, picturelink: null}, 5487: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix together the ricotta, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla using a rubber spatula. Set aside or refrigerate until ready to use.nPreheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush the slices of bread on both sides with the olive oil. Grill the bread until golden brown, toasted and crunchy on the outside, about 2 minutes per side. Top each slice with a good amount of the ricotta mixture and spread evenly. Grate the chocolate over the top of the bread, fully coating each slice. Serve with a fork and knife., ingredients: [1 cup fresh ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Four 12inchthick slices rustic bread, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 ounces dark chocolate about 70percent], title: Chocolate Ricotta Toast, picturelink: eriDkF6ngV6Fy3C8iR2Juzam44oPkO}, 5488: {instructions: Pound the beef cutlets 14inch thin. Add the cheese, parsley and garlic to a small bowl and toss. Divide evenly over each cutlet. Roll up each cutlet and tie with butchers twine to secure and to make a roll. Sprinkle each roll with salt and pepper.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large, heavybottomed Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the beef rolls and the cubed beef and brown on all sides. Remove to a plate once browned. Add a touch more olive oil to the pan and add the carrots and onions and saute until tender. Add the wine and simmer for a minute or so, and then scrape up the browned bits on the bottom of the pan. Stir in the passata and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer, add the beef back into the pot and cover with a lid. Cook on low until thick and the meat begins to fall apart, flipping the rolls occasionally, 2 12 to 3 hours. If too dry, add a half cup of water if too loose, remove the lid to finish thickening.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the orecchiette, cook until al dente and drain.nRemove the bay leaves and discard from the sauce. Carefully remove the braciole to a cutting board and cut off the butchers twine. Slice the beef rolls into rounds. Add the pasta to the sauce and toss all together. Serve on a large platter and top with the braciole rounds and sprinkle with lots of pecorino cheese., ingredients: [6 beef cutlets beef top round sliced thin into cutlets, 12 cup grated pecorino, plus more for serving, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, 5 ounces beef stew meat, cubed, such as chuck, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 1 cup red wine, One and a half 24ounce jars passata di pomodoro tomato puree, 5 bay leaves, 1 pound orecchiette pasta], title: Orecchiette al Ragu di Braciole Pasta with Beef Ragu and Braciole, picturelink: null}, 5489: {instructions: Pat the lamb dry, arrange it, boned side up, on a work surface, and season it with salt and pepper. Rub with 2 tablespoons of oil. Spread the lamb evenly with the olivecheesetomato mixture, leaving a 1inch border around the edges. Beginning with a short side, roll it up jelly roll fashion, and tie it tightly with kitchen string. The rolled and tied roast may look ungainly, but it will improve in appearance when cooked.nTransfer the lamb to a roasting pan and rub it all over with the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil, 1 teaspoon rosemary and salt and pepper to taste. Roast the lamb in the middle of a preheated 325 degree oven for 30 minutes, scatter the onion around it in the pan, and roast the lamb for 1 to 1 14 hours more a total of 20 minutes per pound of boneless meat  or until a meat thermometer registers 140 degrees for medium rare. Transfer the lamb to a cutting board and let it stand for 20 minutes.nWhile the lamb is standing, skim the fat from the pan drippings and set the roasting pan over moderately high heat. Add the wine, deglaze the pan, scraping up the brown bits, and boil the mixture until it is reduced by half. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a saucepan, add the broth, the remaining 12 teaspoon rosemary, the water, and any juices on the cutting board. Boil the mixture until it is reduced to about 2 cups. Stir the cornstarch mixture, add it to the wine mixture, whisking, and simmer the sauce for 2 minutes. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and keep it warm.nDiscard the lamb strings. Slice and arrange on a heated platter. Surround with quinoa timbales and clusters of the carrots. Strain the sauce into a heated sauceboat and serve with the lamb, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, sliced thin lengthwise, 12 cup cured black olives, chopped, 14 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 12 cup sundried tomatoes, packed in oil, chopped, 45 pound boneless leg of lamb, 1 12 teaspoons crumbled dried rosemary, 1 onion sliced, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 12 cups beef broth, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 2 tablespoons cold water, Spiced quinoa timbales, Honey glazed baby carrots], title: Boneless Leg of Lamb with Grecian Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 5490: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nArrange the cubed bread on baking sheets lined with parchment paper and toast in the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until very dry  but not burnt Set aside in a very large bowl to cool.nRaise the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over a mediumhigh flame melt the butter and add the oil. Add the onions and celery and toss to coat, sweating the veggies for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the apples and toss to coat, saute for 4 to 5 minutes until the onions and celery are almost limp. Add the cooked apples and veggies to the dried bread and season with sage, basil, salt, pepper and fresh parsley. Toss the mixture with your fingers to incorporate well.nIn the same pan you fried the veggies in mix up the turkey broth and heat along with the white wine, or cider, until it just barely simmers. Pour the liquid into the breadveggie mixture and toss with 2 wooden spoons. Scrape the dressing into 1 large, or 2 smaller flat casserole dishes, 9 by 13 by 2inch, that have been sprayed with nonstick. Season each casserole with a little more salt and pepper. Sprinkle the chopped pecans evenly over both casseroles and cover with foil. Bake for 15 minutes, covered, then remove the foil and bake an additional 10 minutes to brown the top. Serve with mashed potatoes and sliced turkey., ingredients: [2 loaves fresh, or day old, French bread, cut into 12inch chunks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 cup white onions, peeled and chopped into 12inch chunks, 2 cup celery, strings removed and cut into 12inch chunks, 2 cup peeled Granny Smith apples, cut into 12inch chunks, 2 tablespoons rubbed sage, 1 tablespoon dried basil, Salt and pepper, 1 cup chopped or torn flatleaf Italian parsley, 2 cup lowsodium turkey broth, from paste, 1 cup white wine or hard cider, 2 sweet lemons, zested and juiced, 34 cup chopped raw pecans, optional], title: Petes Chunky Apple Pecan Dressing for Turkey or Pork, picturelink: null}, 5491: {instructions: Mix all ingredients except snacks or chips in medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate 1 hour to blend flavors.nServe with snacks or chips., ingredients: [2 large ripe avocados, pitted, peeled and mashed, 2 medium tomatoes, finely chopped 1 12 cups, 2 medium jalapeno chiles, seeded, finely chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped 12 cup, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime or lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, Dash pepper, Buglesu00ae snacks or tortilla chips, if desired], title: Classic Guacamole, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 5492: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chickens, onions, carrots, celery, parsnips, parsley, thyme, dill, garlic, and seasonings in a 16 to 20quart stockpot. Add 7 quarts of water and bring to a boil. Simmer, uncovered, for 4 hours. Strain the entire contents of the pot through a colander and discard the solids. Chill the stock overnight. The next day, remove the surface fat. Use immediately or pack in containers and freeze for up to 3 months., ingredients: [3 5pound roasting chickens, 3 large yellow onions, unpeeled and quartered, 6 carrots, unpeeled and halved, 4 stalks celery with leaves, cut into thirds, 4 parsnips, unpeeled and cut in half, optional, 20 sprigs fresh parsley, 15 sprigs fresh thyme, 20 sprigs fresh dill, 1 head garlic, unpeeled and cut in 12 crosswise, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 5493: {instructions: Death by Chocolate:nIn a large bowl, whip the heavy cream with the powdered sugar until aerated, just before soft peaks have started to form. Gently fold in the creme fraiche.nIn a large trifle bowl, place a thick layer of the Chocolate Pudding, top with a layer of the whipped cream mixture and then sprinkle on half of the cookies and half of the toffee candy. Repeat the process, finishing with the cookies and candy. Cover with plastic wrap. Chill for 2 hours and serve.nChocolate Pudding:nWhisk the egg yolks and sugar together in a medium bowl. Add the cream and salt and whisk until combined. Mix the cocoa and flour together, and then whisk the wet ingredients into the dry.nPlace the mixture in a heavy saucepan over medium heat and stir continuously until the mixture comes to a simmer. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and chocolate until melted. Let cool., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 batches Chocolate Pudding recipe follows, 3 cups crumbled chocolate wafer cookies, Four 1.4ounce chocolatecovered English toffee bars, such as Heath, chopped, 4 egg yolks, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 stick unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips], title: Dads Death by Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 5494: {instructions: In 2 microwavesafe bowls, warm the sauces for 12 seconds or the package directions for warming. Add the cayenne and cinnamon to the chocolate sauce and stir well. Add the lemon zest and stir well to evenly combine.nDivide the fruits between 2 plates and serve with the sauces., ingredients: [A wide variety of seasonal fruits will work well in this dish., 12 cup store bought chocolate sauce, 12 cup store bought caramel sauce, 12 pinch cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon zest, 1 12 cups sliced apples, 1 12 cups sliced pears, 1 12 cups sliced figs, 1 12 cups sliced bananas, 1 12 cups strawberries], title: Fresh Fruit Place with Dark Chocolate and Caramel Sauces, picturelink: null}, 5495: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the shells according to the package directions. Let cool while you make the filling.nHeat a skillet over medium heat and add the butter. When the butter is melted, add the shallots and garlic, and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper, to taste. When the mushrooms have released their liquid, add the wine and thyme and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes.nCut the Brie into 15 small pieces. Divide the mushroom mixture among the phyllo shells. Top each with a piece of the cheese. Return the shells to the oven and bake until the cheese has melted, about 5 minutes. Transfer the bites to a serving platter. Garnish with chives and serve warm., ingredients: [1 package mini phyllo shells recommended: Athens Brand, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 shallot, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 4 ounces mixed oyster mushrooms, sliced, 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and sliced, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 12 cup Merlot recommended: BV Coastal Merlot, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 14 pound Brie, 4 chives, sliced for garnish], title: Brie and Merlot Mushrooms Bites, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 5496: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring 2 cups of water to a boil. Add the tea bags, peppercorns and cloves and let steep for 5 minutes. Strain into 2 large mugs. Top with the milk and pumpkin pie spice. Garnish with the cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [2 black tea bags, 8 black peppercorns, 4 cloves, 12 cup milk, Generous pinch pumpkin pie spice, 2 cinnamon sticks, for garnish], title: Sunnys Chai Tea, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 5497: {instructions: Heat a castiron skillet over medium heat. Top 1 piece of bread with 14 cup grated Cheddar, kimchi, the remaining 14 cup grated Cheddar, and then the other slice of bread. Spread 1 tablespoon mayonnaise over the top slice, then add to the skillet mayonnaiseside down and cook for 3 minutes, pressing slightly to flatten. Spread the remaining 1 tablespoon mayonnaise on the top slice of bread, flip, and cook until golden, another 3 minutes. Quarter the sandwich and serve., ingredients: [2 pieces white bread, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup kimchi, drained and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise], title: Kimchi Grilled Cheese Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 5498: {instructions: In a blender combine mayonnaise, cilantro, parsley, garlic, jalapenos, lime juice and Worcestershire and blend until smooth. Serve with chicken or meat., ingredients: [1 cup bottled mayonnaise, 12 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup flat leaf parsley leaves, 2 cloves whole garlic, coarsely chopped, 3 whole pickled jalapenos, stems removed, 2 teaspoons lime juice, Dash of Worcestershire sauce], title: Spicy Pepper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5499: {instructions: Place onions in a baking dish. Add honey, seasoning and butter. Bake in 450 degree oven for about 1 hour., ingredients: [15 small onions, peeled, 5 ounces honey, 4 tablespoons butter or margarine, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper], title: Glazed Onions, picturelink: null}, 5500: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees.nIn a saute pan over medium heat, heat the bacon fat. Add onions and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until caramelized. Add celery and cook for 5 minutes more. Add sherry, stir and reduce by half. Add the dill, celery salt and pepper, and combine well. Add crackers and stir to combine. Remove mixture from the heat and cool.nBrush skin of fish with olive oil. Season small bluefish filets with salt and pepper. Place 14 cup of the stuffing into center of each filet. Foldroll tail over to encircle stuffing. Hold stuffed filets closed with tooth pick in center.nPlace filets in buttered baking dish, skin side down. Drizzle any remaining oil over top. Roast in oven for 16 minutes or until center is cooked to 145 degrees.nServe with drawn butter., ingredients: [14 cup warm bacon fat, 1 small onion, diced about 12 cup, 1 cup washed and finely diced celery, 12 cup dry sherry, 14 cup chopped dill, 1 12 teaspoons celery salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 cups unsalted chowder crackers, finely crumbled, 2 pounds small blue fish filets, about 4 to 5 filets, 3 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Cracker Crumb Blue Fish Filets, picturelink: null}, 5501: {instructions: Toast 12 cup broken spaghetti in a pot over mediumhigh heat with 2 tablespoons butter. Stir in 1 cup rice add 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup water, 2 garlic cloves and 1 teaspoon salt. Boil 3 minutes, then stir, cover and simmer 15 minutes. Let sit 5 minutes fluff with a fork and smash the garlic. Stir in some butter and cilantro.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: RicePasta Pilaf, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 5502: {instructions: Put the oil and 3 popcorn kernels in a 6quart saucepan. Cover and cook over mediumhigh heat until the kernels pop. Add the remaining kernels, cover, and remove from the heat for 30 seconds. Return the pan to the heat within a minute you should hear the kernels start to pop. Cook, gently shaking the pan occasionally, until the popping sound slows down, about 2 minutes. Towards the end of popping, lift up the lid slightly to let out the steam to help keep the popcorn crisp. Wait 5 seconds and pour the popcorn into a large paper bag.nMelt the butter in the popcorn saucepan and drizzle it over the popcorn. Shake the bag, then add the gorgonzola powder, salt, pepper and hickory smoke powder. Shake the bag once more to coat all the kernels., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 23 cup popcorn kernels, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons Gorgonzola powder See Cooks Note, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 18 teaspoon hickory smoke powder See Cooks Note], title: Hickory and Gorgonzola Popcorn, picturelink: 9pUQTDcJzP7IBYp.ZRCU.GIswkWtvm}, 5503: {instructions: Cut each chicken thigh into three equal pieces. Place in a large bowl with the ginger, twothirds of the oil, and salt and pepper. Cover and marinate for about 6 hours in the refrigerator.nHeat a large, heavybased frying pan and pour in the remaining oil. Fry until the meat is colored, about 2 minutes, then drain away the excess oil.nAdd the fish sauce, cover the pan with a lid, and steam until the sauce has dissolved, about 1 minute.nNow add the prepared caramel to the pan and cook until the caramel has thickened and coated the chicken in a rich golden color, about 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTo serve, arrange the chicken pieces on a serving platter and garnish with watercress., ingredients: [12 meaty chicken thighs, boned and trimmed with skins still on, 7 oz fresh ginger, peeled and finely shredded, 3 12 fl oz sunflower oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 fl oz caramel see Note, 4 large watercress sprigs, for garnish], title: Caramelized Ginger Chicken, picturelink: null}, 5504: {instructions: In a rocks glass filled with ice, add the vanilla vodka, orange liqueur, and creme de cacao.nAdd a splash of lemonlime soda and fill the rest of the glass with sweet and sour mix. Stir using either a decorative stirrer or spoon., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 1ounce vanilla vodka, 13 ounce orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 13 ounce creme de cacao, Splash lemonlime soda, Sweet and sour mix], title: Trainwreck, picturelink: 5pnWYGMxlf9UrhVh5PeaBchxi6.3HBS}, 5505: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and add to the pot. Cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 8 minutes. Add the curry powder and half of the garlic. Cook, stirring, until the garlic softens slightly, about 1 minute.nStir the chickpeas and their liquid into the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low cover and cook until the chicken is tender, about 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, puree the remaining garlic, the cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the lime juice and vinegar in a mini food processor or blender until a paste forms. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the cilantro paste cook until dark green, about 1 minute. Transfer to a medium bowl and add the coleslaw mix season with salt and toss to coat.nTop each serving of the chicken curry with the slaw mixture, some hot pepper sauce and cilantro. Serve with the naan.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 14 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 tablespoons Madras curry powder, 5 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 15ounce cans chickpeas do not drain, 1 cup fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, Juice of 12 lime, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 4 cups shredded coleslaw mix, Caribbean hot pepper sauce, for serving, 2 pieces naan bread, warmed and cut into wedges], title: Caribbean Curried Chicken and Chickpeas, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 5506: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a medium skillet over medium heat and cook the peppers until soft, about 5 minutes set aside and keep warm.nSplit the English muffin and brush the cut sides with some of the remaining olive oil. Toast lightly under the broiler and keep warm.nBring 2inches of water to a boil in a large skillet and add the vinegar. Reduce the water to a simmer and gently break the eggs into the water. Cook until the whites are set and feel firm, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile, put the toasted English muffins on a plate and top them with the ham. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon and place them onto the ham. Add the cooked peppers and sprinkle over the Parmesan. Now thats a Poached Egg, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 yellow bell pepper, thinly sliced, 12 red bell pepper, thinly sliced, 1 English muffin, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 3 large eggs, 2 slices cooked ham, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Poached Eggs, picturelink: null}, 5507: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice the baguette diagonally into 14inch slices. You should have 20 to 25 slices. Place the slices in 1 layer on a baking sheet. Brush each slice with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nBake the toasts for 15 to 20 minutes or until they are crisp and browned. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 baguette, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Toasted Baguette, picturelink: null}, 5508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Pulse the wafers and pine nuts in a food processor until well ground up. Add the butter and blend until evenly mixed. Set aside 14 cup of crumbs press the rest evenly into a 9by13 baking pan. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool.nIn a medium bowl, thoroughly whisk together the tequila, lime juice, egg yolks and condensed milk.nIn another medium bowl, beat the egg whites and sugar with an electric mixer until they hold soft peaks. Gently fold the egg whites into the tequila mixture. Spread the filling evenly over the crust and bake for 25 minutes cool. Sprinkle the reserved crumbs on top. Chill in the fridge for 2 hours or overnight before cutting. Drizzle with agave nectar, if desired.nPhotograph by James Baigrie, ingredients: [1 12ounce box vanilla wafers, 12 cup pine nuts, 34 cup unsalted butter 1 12 sticks, melted, 13 cup tequila, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 5 large egg yolks, plus 2 egg whites, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 tablespoon sugar, Agave nectar or honey, for drizzling optional], title: Tequila Bars, picturelink: gbuYIlA2SoNn4Cfokkk0dX.VAGnyYZm}, 5509: {instructions: In a saucepan combine sugar with 1 12 cups water bring just to a boil over medium heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Remove pan from heat, leave to cool, then refrigerate until cold. Stir in lemon juice and zest. Pour lemon syrup into a square metal cake pan and place in freezer. Freeze 2 hours in all, removing pan from freezer every 30 minutes, stirring and scraping with a metal fork until ice crystals break up. After 2 hours, granita will resemble snow. Scrape into 4 dessert goblets and serve with a spoon and a straw if desired., ingredients: [6 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon finelygrated lemon zest], title: Lemon Granita, picturelink: null}, 5510: {instructions: Cut off stem ends of tomatoes and roast them in a castiron skillet over high heat until their skins blacken. Transfer to a blender or food processor. Dry skillet and return to high heat. Add dried chiles and roast them, stirring, until they begin to release their aroma, about 3 minutes. Transfer chiles to a bowl and pour water over. Leave to soften and rehydrate, 10 to 15 minutes. Add softened chiles to tomatoes. Taste chile water if it is not bitter, add 1 cup to food processor and reserve remaining water separately, or use plain water. Wipe out skillet, heat olive oil over high heat, add onion and saute over medium heat until browned, about 10 minutes. Transfer onions to food processor along with chipotle pepper with its sauce, garlic, cumin, oregano and salt to taste. Puree to a fine paste, stopping once or twice to scrape down sides of workbowl with a rubber spatula. If needed, add a little more water to processor.nIn a large skillet heat vegetable oil until just smoking, add chile puree and heat until sizzling. Fry sauce, stirring continuously, 3 to 5 minutes. If sauce becomes too thick, thin it with a little more chile water.nServe warm with tamales or grilled meats. Or cool and refrigerate for up to 1 week., ingredients: [12 pound plum tomatoes 4 to 6, 10 dried New Mexico red chiles, 2 dried ancho chiles, 10 dried cascabel chiles, 4 cups water, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 canned chipotle pepper in adobo, 1 garlic clove, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons oregano, 1 to 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Red Chile Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5511: {instructions: Wash the clams thoroughly and remove any blemishes. They should have no odor. Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium heat and cook garlic and onion until translucent. Add the wine, parsley, and mint, and let cook for a couple of minutes to combine the flavors. Add the clams and clam juice and cover the pan for about 10 minutes until the clams open. Discard any clams that do not open and remove clams to serving bowls. Season the juices in the pan with salt and pepper to make a sauce. Pour the sauce and melted butter over the clams., ingredients: [6 dozen fresh clams littlenecks or middlenecks, your choice, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 4 cloves chopped garlic, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 cup white wine, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 cups clam juice or water, Salt and pepper, 12 cup 1 stick melted butter], title: Steamed Clams with Fresh Mint, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 5512: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, until fragrant, 30 seconds. Add the ground beef, seasoning mix, salt and pepper, and cook, stirring and breaking up any clumps, until brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the ketchup, tomato paste and Worcestershire sauce and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add 34 cup water and simmer, stirring occasionally, until most of the water has evaporated, about 4 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nUnroll the tubes of crescent dough but do not separate along the perforations. Pinch the seams of two of the triangles together to make a rectangle and then cut that rectangle off from the rest of the roll at the seam. Repeat with the remaining dough.nLay the rectangles of dough out on a work surface and cut each in half to make 2 squares. You will have 16 squares. Put 1 rounded tablespoon of the sloppy joe filling in the center of each. Mound a rounded 12 teaspoon of Cheddar on top of the beef there will be cheese leftover. Gather the edges of the dough up over the filing to make a little pouch and pinch to seal each edge. Arrange the pouches on a parchmentline baking sheet and mound a little cheese on top of each.nBake the pouches until the dough is golden brown and cooked through, about 20 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 pound lean ground beef, 2 teaspoons sloppy joe or chili seasoning mix, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Two 8ounce tubes crescent roll dough, unseparated, About 12 cup shredded sharp Cheddar], title: Sloppy Joe Pockets, picturelink: H9eQssvxaOqxYE7Ms6sec4ifwjdV2Wq}, 5513: {instructions: Thinly slice the tomatoes and lay them on a paper towel. Sprinkle with salt and let sit to release any water, about 15 minutes. Pat dry.nLay out 4 slices of the bread on a work surface. Layer each with 2 slices of cheese, making sure that they cover to the edges. Follow with 2 slices of tomato and then 1 more slice of cheese. Close the sandwiches with the remaining bread. Thinly and evenly spread the butter on both sides of the bread using about 1 12 tablespoons of the butter for each sandwich.nPlace 2 sandwiches into a nonstick medium skillet over medium heat. Cover the skillet with a lid and cook until the bread is evenly golden brown, about 2 minutes. Flip, cover again and cook until the bread is golden brown and the cheese is visibly melted, about 2 minutes more. Repeat with the remaining sandwiches., ingredients: [1 large or 2 medium heirloom or beefsteak tomatoes, Kosher salt, Eight 13 to 12inchthick slices Pullman bread, 12 slices sharp Cheddar or American cheese, 6 tablespoons cultured butter, softened], title: Grilled Tomato and Cheese, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 5514: {instructions: Boil the chicken for 25 minutes or until cooked. Set aside.nIn a blender combine the tomatoes, chipotle sauce, garlic, cumin, pepper, salt and add 9 ounces of water and blend for a few seconds.nIn a saucepan add the vegetable oil and onions and cook for 3 minutes or until the onions turn golden.nAdd the chipotle mixture and the chicken to the saucepan with the onions and cook over medium heat 15 minutes., ingredients: [32 ounces boneless chicken thighs, 3 tomatoes, diced, 2 ounces canned chipotle sauce, 14 tablespoon chopped garlic, 14 tablespoon ground cumin, 14 tablespoon ground black pepper, 14 tablespoon salt, 9 ounces water, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, diced], title: Pollo Guisado, picturelink: null}, 5515: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix the peanut butter, salt and powdered sugar until firm. Slowly melt the chocolate chips in a double boiler over hot, not boiling, water. You may also melt them in a microwave oven set on high for 2 minutes, stirring halfway through the heating time. Grease the muffin tin cups and spoon some chocolate into each cup, filling halfway. With a spoon, draw the chocolate up the edges of each cup until all sides are coated. Cool in the refrigerator until firm. Spread about a teaspoon of peanut butter onto the chocolate in each cup, leaving room for the final chocolate layer. Pour some chocolate onto the top of each candy and spread it to the edges. Let sit at room temperature, or covered in the refrigerator. Turn out of the pan when firm., ingredients: [1 cup peanut butter, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup powdered sugar, One 12ounce package Hersheys milk chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups, picturelink: null}, 5516: {instructions: In a fine sieve rinse rice under cold running water and drain. In a small heavy saucepan bring 2 cups water to a boil and stir in rice. Simmer rice, uncovered, until just tender and grains are barely open, about 40 minutes. Drain rice in sieve and rinse under cold running water. Drain rice well and transfer to a bowl. Rice may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring rice to room temperature before proceeding.nLightly beat egg and stir into rice with chives and salt and pepper to taste.nIn a large nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking. Drop heaping teaspoons rice mixture into skillet without crowding and cook, flattening griddlecakes slightly with a spatula griddlecakes should be about 1 12 to 2 inches in diameter, until golden brown, about 1 12 minutes on each side. Transfer griddlecakes as cooked to paper towels to drain and season with salt and pepper. Make more giddlecakes in same manner with remaining rice mixture and oil.nCool griddlecakes slightly and top with sour cream and caviar. Garnish griddlecakes with chives., ingredients: [12 cup wild rice, 2 cups water, 1 large egg, 13 cup chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup sour cream, 2 ounces caviar preferably golden whitefish, Whole fresh chives], title: Crisp Wild Rice Griddlecakes with Golden Caviar and Sour Cream, picturelink: null}, 5517: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Combine ricotta cheese, 112 cups mozzarella cheese, basil, egg and black pepper set aside.nToss hot rigatoni with Sauce in large bowl. Stir in ricotta mixture. Turn into 11 x 7inch baking dish, then sprinkle with remaining 12 cup mozzarella cheese, bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese. Bake covered 25 minutes. Remove cover and bake an additional 5 minutes or until bread crumbs are golden brown and cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 cup ricotta cheese, 2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese about 8 oz., 14 cup thinly sliced fresh basil leaves, 1 egg, slightly beaten, 18 tsp. ground black pepper, 8 ounces rigatoni or large tube pasta, cooked and drained, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Four Cheese Rosa Sauce, 2 Tbsp. Italian seasoned dry bread crumbs, 2 Tbsp. grated Parmesan cheese], title: OvenBaked Four Cheese Rigatoni Rosa, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 5518: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a 12cup cupcake pan with 2inch baking cupsnAdd all ingredients to a stand mixer starting with the dry cornbread. Start mixing on the slowest speed until the mixture reaches a semiliquid consistency about 3 to 5 minutes. Increase mixing speed to medium and continue mixing until the mixture reaches a uniform liquid consistency note: some corn kernels will remain visible. The pancake batter cornbread mixture is now ready for baking. Fill baking cups 23 full. We use an ice cream scooper for measuring and to help extract the corn kernels.nBake for 25 minutes in a preheated oven or until outer edge of muffin is golden brown. The muffins can be baked a couple of minutes longer to increase the golden brown color to cover the entire top of the muffin. Enjoy with your favorite BBQ sauce or as is, butter is rarely requested, ingredients: [2 14 cups cornbread mix recommend: Krusteaz HomeStyle Cornbread Mix, 2 eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 12 cup sugar, 34 cup creamed corn recommend: Del Monte], title: Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 5519: {instructions: Place the honey, vinegar, and water in a pot large enough to hold the goose, submerged. Bring the liquid to the boil and add the raw goose to the pot. Return to the boil, reduce the heat and cook the goose at a strong simmer for 20 minutes to render some of the grease as well as begin to tenderize the normally chewy bird. Remove the goose from the liquid and allow to cool at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes, or until cool enough to handle.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees. Prick the goose skin all around the carcass. Season the cavity with half of the salt and pepper, add the herbs, onion and garlic. Truss the legs and season the outside of the goose with the remaining salt and pepper and the olive oil.nPreheat a heavy roasting pan for 10 minutes. Place the goose, breast side down, on a rack in the roasting pan and roast in the oven, skimming the fat and reserving it for another use, for 1 hour and 30 minutes. Turn the goose breast side up and roast, basting it with pan juices and skimming the fat, for 1 hour and 30 minutes to 2 hours more, or until the juices run clear when the fleshy part of the thigh is pricked with a fork and a meat thermometer inserted in the fleshy part of the thigh registers 165 degrees.nTransfer the goose to a platter, remove the trussing string, and keep the goose warm, covered loosely with foil. Skim off all but 14 cup of fat from the pan juices, add the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring, until it has browned slightly. Add the stock in a stream, whisking, and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and strain the gravy into a heated sauceboat., ingredients: [1 cup honey, 1 cup white vinegar, Enough water to cover the goose, One 10 to 12 pound fresh goose, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 tablespoons dried rosemary, 4 cloves garlic, 1 small onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup flour, 3 cups chicken stock], title: Roast Goose, picturelink: null}, 5520: {instructions: Soak the beans overnight in water in a large bowl.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSaute the onions and pork over medium heat in a cast iron Dutch oven until the onions are tender, abut 10 minutes. Add the drained beans, pork, chicken stock, cayenne, molasses, ketchup, brown sugar, and salt and pepper to taste and bring to a boil.nCover the casserole and transfer to the oven. Bake to 3 12 to 4 hours, until the beans are tender.nServe topped with a sprinkle of brown sugar., ingredients: [1 pound dried navy, pinto or pink beans, 2 large onions, diced, 12 ounces smoked pork or ham steak, chopped, 3 cups chicken stock, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup dark molasses, 14 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, plus more as needed, Salt and pepper], title: Old West Baked Beans, picturelink: null}, 5521: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cheese topping: Mix the Parmesan, mozzarella, garlic, lemon juice, lemon zest and parsley in a bowl and reserve for later use.nFor the finishing butter: Place the butter, lemon juice, hot sauce, Worcestershire, chopped garlic, granulated garlic and 12 cup water into a small pot on the stove. Slowly melt and whisk ingredients until incorporated.nFor the oysters: Preheat the grill until it is very hot, about 400 degrees F.nTop each oyster with a liberal amount of the cheese mixture. Carefully place the oysters on the grill and close. Cook until the cheese is melted and the oysters are starting to get some color, about 10 minutes.nRemove the oysters from the grill with tongs and place them onto a cookie sheet or a heatproof surface.nArrange 6 oysters per plate or leave on the large platter. Ladle some melted garlic butter over the oysters.nServe with grilled bread to soak up the juices and butter, ingredients: [2 cups grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 bunch Italian parsley, chopped, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup hot sauce, such as the Louisiana brand, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 24 oysters, shucked on the half shell, 1 loaf Italian bread, sliced and charred on the grill], title: CharGrilled Oysters, picturelink: ls4Ei1EDLi0wvraCCekis8D7loCi2e}, 5522: {instructions: Preheated oven 425 degrees.nCombine the eggs, milk and butter, beat until smooth.nCombine the flour, cornmeal, seasonings, chili and cumin and stir to combine well.nPour the liquid ingredients in and quickly stir to combine and eliminate all lumps.nPour the batter into the muffin tins filling 3 quarters full.nPlace the popovers into the oven and bake for 35 minutes at the end of the roasts cooking time and during the rest period, turning the oven up to the desired temperature after you have removed the roast from the oven. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 cup all purpose flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, 3 tablespoons chipotle chili paste, 1 tablespoon toasted and ground cumin seed], title: Chipotle Chili Popovers, picturelink: null}, 5523: {instructions: For the fish: In a large skillet at very high heat, melt butter and oil together. When the butter starts to brown, add the fish flesh side down, open face. Cook for 1 12 minutes on each side and then remove to a plate. Keep warm. For the sauce: In a medium saucepan at high heat melt butter until brown, add shallots and garlic cook for 30 seconds, then add lemon and wine.nFinally add herbs and season with salt and pepper.nPour sauce equally over the trout and serve., ingredients: [4 8ounce brook trout, gutted, boned, seasoned with salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons butter, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, peeled and minced, 1 clove garlic, peeled and minced, 12 fresh lemon, peeled, segmented, flesh minced, 14 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon chopped chervil, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, 2 teaspoons chopped thyme], title: Sauteed Open Faced Trout, picturelink: null}, 5524: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Dinner Party Recipes, picturelink: null}, 5525: {instructions: In a large bowl wash rice in several changes of cold water until the water runs clear and drain it in a fine sieve.nIn a large heavy saucepan heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking, add the cinnamon stick, the cloves, and the cardamom pods, if using, and fry the spices, stirring, for 30 seconds, or until the cloves are puffed slightly. Add rice and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute, or until the rice is opaque. Add 2 14 cups water and the salt, bring the mixture to a boil, and cook the rice, covered, over low heat for 15 minutes.nWhile the rice is cooking, in a heatproof bowl set over a small pan of simmering water heat the saffron for 3 to 4 minutes, or until it is brittle. Add milk, heat the mixture, stirring occasionally, until it is hot, and remove the pan from the heat. Drizzle the saffron mixture over the rice and continue to cook the rice, covered, for 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and let the rice stand, covered, for 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups longgrain rice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, 7 whole cloves, 5 cardamom pods, if desired, 2 12 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads, 2 tablespoons milk], title: Spiced Saffron Rice, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 5526: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Espresso Nightcap: Combine the milk, heavy cream, espresso, and amaretto liqueur, in a medium saucepan. Place over low heat, stirring constantly until hot but not boiling, about 3 to 5 minutes.nFor the Vanilla Cream: In a large mixing bowl, beat the cream until thick Add the powdered sugar and vanilla. Continue to beat until cream holds soft peaks.nTo serve: Pour the Espresso Nightcap into 4 8ounce mugs. Dollop with the Vanilla Whipped Cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 14 cups espresso, 1 cup amaretto liqueur, 12 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Espresso Nightcap with Vanilla Whipped Cream, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 5527: {instructions: For the ribs: Position an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with aluminum foil.nRemove the silver skin on the backside of the ribs and discard. Place the racks of ribs on the prepared baking sheet, meatyside up. If the racks of ribs are too long for your baking sheet, arrange on 2 lined baking sheets, cutting the racks in half as necessary.nFor the dry rub: In a small bowl, mix together the sugar, chili powder, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, cayenne, cumin, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Sprinkle the rub generously on top of the ribs, saving just enough for a light rub on the underside. Tightly cover the entire baking sheet with another sheet of foil and bake until the meat falls easily off the bone when you pierce it with a fork, 2 12 hours.nFor the beerbq sauce: Meanwhile combine the ketchup, beer, honey, Worcestershire, sugar, mustard, garlic powder and onion powder in a medium bowl and set aside.nRemove the ribs from the oven and let rest for 15 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat a grill for cooking at mediumhigh heat. Using a pastry brush, brush a medium layer of beerbq sauce on the meaty side of the ribs. Gently place the racks of ribs, meatyside down, on the grill and cook until there is a nice char on the meat, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from grill and let rest for another 5 minutes. Slice and serve with your favorite sides, ingredients: [2 14 pounds baby back ribs about 2 racks, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 12 tablespoon garlic powder, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 13 cup ketchup, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon stout beer, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon dark brown sugar, 12 teaspoon yellow mustard, Pinch garlic powder, Pinch onion powder], title: BeerBQ Ribs for Two, picturelink: e1.FP0BSlrACfr5eHvsyW6AtTVonb52}, 5528: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 2 bricksnPrepare a grill for high heat. Wrap 2 bricks with foil.nRemove the backbone of the chicken with kitchen shears. Place the chicken skinside up and flatten the breastbone by pressing down hard with your hands or a castiron pan. Brush the chicken all over with oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nPlace the chicken on the grill skinside down. Place the prepared bricks on top to keep the chicken flat. Cook, covered, for 30 minutes. Flip the chicken and cook, covered, until an instantread thermometer registers 165 degrees in the thickest part of the thigh, 15 to 30 minutes more., ingredients: [One 3 to 4pound whole chicken, innards removed, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Butterflied Chicken, picturelink: FIVAWPBDlsujkoACOZkEAN7T1Er9RC}, 5529: {instructions: In a nonreactive saucepan, coated with the canola oil over mediumhigh heat, saute the jalapenos, garlic, shallots, green papaya, and lemongrass until the shallots are soft, about three minutes. Add the mussels, tomatoes, wine, fish sauce, lime juice, butter, cilantro, and Thai basil. Allow the mixture to simmer covered, until all the mussels have opened, about 4 to 5 minutes.nImmediately pour the mussels with broth into a large bowl and garnish with the scallion greens. Beverage: Gewurtztraminer, ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 to 2 each, red and green jalapenos, sliced into thin rings, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 12 cup shallots, thinly sliced, 1 cup green papaya, julienned, 2 tablespoons lemongrass, finely chopped, 1 pound mussels cleaned and debearded, 1 cup red and yellow cherry tomatoes equal parts, sliced in half, 1 12 cups white wine, 14 cup fish sauce, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup cilantro, leaves only, 12 cup Thai basil, leaves only, 5 scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish], title: Spicy Thai Mussels with Green Papaya, picturelink: null}, 5530: {instructions: Rinse the steak under cold running water and pat dry with paper towels. With a sharp knife, make several small cuts in the meat, without cutting all the way through. Press a sliver of garlic into each cut. If you have any garlic left over, set it aside.nIn a shallow, nonreactive pan, mix together the olive oil, rosemary, salt, pepper, and any leftover slivers of garlic.nPlace the steak in the olive oil marinade and turn to coat. Let sit at room temperature for about 12 hour.nMeanwhile, prepare a charcoal fire or preheat a gas grill for direct grilling over high heat. Remove the steaks from the pan, discard the marinade, and place the steaks on the grill. A thicker steak such as the porterhouse will take at least 10 minutes per side to reach mediumrare 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer and a thinner steak such as the Tbone will take as little as 7 minutes per side.nRemove the steak from the grill and place it on a cutting board. Cover the meat with a piece of aluminum foil to keep it warm, and allow the meat to rest for 5 minutes before slicing it against the grain., ingredients: [2 porterhouse steaks, each about 1 pound or 4 Tbone steaks, each about 12 ounces and 1inch thick, or other cut of your choice, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and cut into slivers, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary leaves, or 1 tablespoon dried rosemary, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Steaks As Big As our Head, picturelink: null}, 5531: {instructions: Mix 1 tablespoon minced kalamata olives and 1 stick softened butter in a small bowl sprinkle with sea salt. Serve with sugar snap peas, baby carrots and halved radishes for dipping.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Crudites With Olive Butter, picturelink: sD7rJ3S21zet2i9V8PpbPAa1.Ih6xPS}, 5532: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace the pizza dough on the grill. Let cook for 1 minute, and then flip with tongs. Move to a cooler spot on the grill about medium heat. Brush with the olive oil and top with the corn, tomatoes and mozzarella. Cover the grill and cook until the cheese melts and the dough is crisp, about 4 minutes. Top with the scallions and basil., ingredients: [8 ounces prepared pizza dough, formed into a circle, Olive oil, for brushing, 1 ear of corn, kernels cut from the cob, 14 cup grape tomatoes, sliced in half, Fresh mozzarella slices, for topping, 1 tablespoon very thinly sliced scallions white ends, 2 fresh basil leaves, torn into pieces], title: Corn and Tomato Pizza, picturelink: Ri9fVa7UobXQbLGXTZIrFA7uGNUEmi}, 5533: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, cook the butter, sugar and corn syrup together over medium heat, stirring occasionally with a large wooden spoon. Once the butter is melted, remove from the heat and add the almonds, flour, cream, espresso powder, vanilla and salt. Mix well, and allow to cool at room temperature for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats. Because Florentines spread so much, you will only be able to bake a few cookies at a time, so the pans will be used multiple times.nUsing a small cookie scoop or 2 tablespoons, spoon 6 mounds of dough on each sheet, spaced evenly. Bake until golden amber, 10 to 12 minutes.nAllow the Florentines to cool on the cookie sheets for 3 minutes, then remove them using a thin spatula. To make bowls, place them on top of inverted glasses, and press down gently to mold. For taco shells, drape over a rolling pin. For cigars, gently wrap around the handle of a wooden spoon. For sandwiches, lay them flat on a cutting board or countertop. Cookies will hold their shapes after theyve cooled completely. Continue baking cookies in batches. It is not necessary to cool the baking sheets completely in between.nCookies can be stored in an airtight container for 2 weeks, or stored in the freezer for 3 months., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 34 cups sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 4 cups slivered almonds, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Espresso Florentines, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 5534: {instructions: Mellow the harsh taste of the raw onion by soaking it in cold water for about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the lemon zest, juice, salt, and pepper in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in the olive oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream to make a smooth, slightly thick vinaigrette. Add the radishes, celery, cucumber, tomato, herbs and greens. Drain the onion and add to the salad. Add the tuna and toss again, keeping the tuna in nice even pieces.nDivide between two plates and serve.nCopyright u00a9 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved, ingredients: [14 red onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 medium radishes, thinly sliced, 1 rib celery, chopped, 12 kirby cucumber with skin, chopped, 1 medium ripe tomato, diced, 14 cup chopped fresh herbs, such as fresh flatleaf parsley, dill, andor basil, 3 cups mesclun salad greens, 1 6ounce can waterpacked tuna, drained], title: Garden Tuna Salad, picturelink: null}, 5535: {instructions: Cut cucumber crosswise into very thin slices preferably using a manual slicer. In a bowl whisk together remaining ingredients until sugar is dissolved and add cucumber, tossing to coat. Marinate cucumbers, covered and chilled, stirring occasionally, 4 hours., ingredients: [1 English cucumber, 12 cup whitewine vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Pickled Cucumbers, picturelink: null}, 5536: {instructions: Lay each collard leaf, underside up, on a flat surface. Locate the thickest part of the stem and use a small, sharp knife to just shave the top off for even thickness this makes rolling the leaves up easier.nFill a large wide skillet or pan with about 14 inch of water. Arrange a few leaves at a time, overlapping, in a circle on the bottom of the pan and sprinkle lightly with salt. Repeat with the remaining leaves.nPut the skillet over mediumhigh heat and as soon as steam appears, lower the heat to medium, cover and steam until the collards are green, tender and pliable, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and use tongs to transfer the leaves to a baking sheet to cool completely.nLay out 2 large leaves and slightly overlap or 3 leaves if they are smaller. If desired, add a few splashes of hot sauce to the mayonnaise. Spread the center of the leaves with 12 tablespoon of the mayonnaise, and then top with a slice of cheese followed by three slices of red pepper. Top with another collard leaf, and then with two slices of the ham or 14 cup of the chicken. Fold in the sides of the leaves and tightly roll up like a burrito. Cut in half and enjoy, or refrigerate whole for a few hours before serving.n6th Ingredient: A few splashes of green hot sauce on the mayo., ingredients: [1 large bunch collard greens, large and medium leaves separated, stems removed up to the leaves about 20 leaves, Kosher salt, A few splashes of green hot sauce, optional, 2 12 to 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 5 to 6 slices sharp Cheddar, 15 to 18 slices jarred roasted red peppers each about 1 inch thick and 2 inches long, 10 to 12 slices smoked deli ham, or 1 14 to 1 12 cups rotisserie chicken], title: Ham and Pimento Cheese Collard Wraps, picturelink: pbaUq18FuN6QPGxowNB32gRqdyeGW}, 5537: {instructions: Make the dough: In a medium bowl, sprinkle the yeast over 12 cup warm water about 110 degrees F and gently shake the bowl to help the yeast mix with the water. Set aside until dissolved, about 10 minutes.nIn the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the bread flour with the shallots, fresh dill, dill seeds, fennel seeds, sesame seeds, honey, molasses, wheat germ, salt and pepper. Mix on mediumlow speed to blend. Mix in the cottage cheese and egg.nAdd the yeast mixture and mix to incorporate. Transfer the dough to a greased bowl. Cover with a towel and put in a warm place until doubled in volume, 1 hour 30 minutes to 2 hours.nGrease an 8inch loaf pan with butter. Gently push the air out of the dough. Put the dough squarely in the pan and cover it with the towel again. Leave in a warm place to rise for 1 hour. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nBake the bread: Lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake the loaf until a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean or the internal temperature of the bread reaches 200 degrees F, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and unmold. Let the bread rest on a rack for at least 30 minutes before cutting. Or, if youre like me, tear off the end and nibble on it immediately as you wait for the rest of the loaf to cool The crust is addictive.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 3 cups bread flour, 2 medium shallots, very thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 teaspoons dill seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon blackstrap molasses, 1 tablespoon wheat germ, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup 4 percent cottage cheese, 1 large egg, Butter, for greasing the bowl and pan], title: Tasty Dill Bread, picturelink: Eq1H9bOFILQiY70K3pQ.4MykghMEHpO}, 5538: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the thin white membrane off of the boneside of the ribs. Mix together the brown sugar, dry mustard, cayenne, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Massage the rub into the ribs and let sit for 1 hour or up to overnight.nIf cooking on the grill, place the ribs meatside down next to mediumhot coals that are about 225 degrees F. The indirect heat will cook them slower, making them tender. Allow to cook for 1 hour. Turn ribs every half hour and baste with the Kansas City Barbeque Sauce. Cook until the ribs are tender, about 3 to 4 hours.nIf cooking indoors, place in a roasting pan with a rack. Slather the ribs with the Kansas City Barbeque Sauce and tent a piece of aluminum foil over them. In a preheated 350 degrees F. oven, place the ribs, basting with the sauce every 30 minutes and removing the foil for the last 30 minutes and cooking until fork tender, about 2 12 to 3 hours.nIn a small sauce pot on mediumhigh heat, heat the oil and add the onion, cooking until translucent.nAdd the remaining ingredients in a large bowl and mix together. Add to sauce pan and let simmer for 30 to 45 minutes. Use to baste the pork spare ribs.n3 cups, ingredients: [2 slabs pork spare ribs, 3 pounds each, Kansas City Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups brown sugar, 12 cup dry mustard, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 about 23 cupsmall onion, finely diced, 3 cups water, 1 cup 2 6ounce cans tomato paste, 12 cup brown sugar, 23 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup molasses, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Kansas City Style Pork Ribs, picturelink: fI2K4NcugFVHqjEFs8T8JTHyL3uaEW}, 5539: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWarm the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat until nearly smoking.nKeep your lid handy. Add the mustard seeds and the cumin seeds they should start enthusiastically popping upon contact with the oil, so cover the pot until the spluttering subsides, about 30 seconds.nAdd the onions and saute until soft and just starting to brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger, and saute until the garlic is soft, about 2 minutes longer.nAdd the turmeric, garam masala and paprika. Stir and cook about 30 seconds. Then add the vinegar standing back so you dont inhale the fumes and cook 1 minute more.nAdd the tomatoes, molasses, 12 teaspoon of salt and lots of freshly ground black pepper. Stir, bring to a boil, then cook at a generous simmer about 10 minutes until thickened. You can puree it if you like. Set it aside to cool and then jar. Store in the refrigerator.nCombine the cinnamon sticks, cloves, green cardamom seeds, black cardamom seeds, if using, in a spice grinder or coffee grinder and grind until fine. Store the spice mix in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola or grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 1inch thumb ginger, peeled and minced, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon storebought or homemade garam masala, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 14 12ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons molasses, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional], title: Ketchup Chutney, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 5540: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sweet lime yogurt: Mix together the yogurt, sweetened condensed milk and lime zest and juice in a medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nFor the fruit cocktail: Add the lime zest and juice to a pitcher with the sugar and 1 cup water. Stir until the sugar dissolvesu00bfyoull know this has happened when the liquid turns from cloudy to clear.nAdd the mango, papaya, grapes, maraschino cherries, pineapple and melon to a large bowl. Gently mix the fruit with some of the lime syrup, adding more until it is as sweet as you would like it. The lime syrup will keep for 1 month refrigerated.nServe with the sweet lime yogurt., ingredients: [2 cups plain Greek yogurt, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, Zest of 12 lime plus juice of 1 lime, Zest and juice of 2 large limes, 1 cup sugar, 1 mango, peeled and cut into cubes, 1 papaya, peeled, seeded and cut into cubes, 1 small bunch green grapes, cut in half, 1 small jar maraschino cherries, drained and cut in half, 12 pineapple, peeled and cut into chunks, 12 honeydew melon, peeled, seeded and cut into chunks], title: Mexican Fruit Cocktail with Sweet Lime Yogurt, picturelink: H1Ix3Qkp.eU23xhoTOpUHhi7.Pu8ca}, 5541: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly oil a large baking sheet.nIn a large skillet, heat the oil over high heat. Add the lamb loins and cook, turning occasionally, until seared on all sides. Transfer to a platter and refrigerate until completely cooled.nBrush each lamb loin with the mustard. Combine the thyme, tarragon, and parsley on a plate, and roll each loin in the herbs to coat.nDivide the dough in half. According to the directions in the Salt Crust Dough recipe, roll out each portion as thinly as possible. Wrap each loin completely with dough.nPlace on the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 10 minutes for rare meat, or longer, if desired. Remove from the oven and let stand for 10 minutes. Using a hammer or the back of a heavy knife, crack the crust, brushing off any clinging crust with a clean kitchen towel. Carve the lamb crosswise into thin slices, season with the pepper, and serve immediately on warmed plates., ingredients: [Freshly ground pepper, to taste, Olive oil, for brushing baking sheet, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 14ounce boneless, trimmed lamb loins, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Salt Crust Dough about 12 recipe], title: Loin of Lamb in Salt Crust, picturelink: null}, 5542: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and cook until nearly translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the Greek Seasoning, oregano and tomatoes, and season with sea salt. Simmer until the sauce thickens slightly, about 15 minutes. Stir in the parsley and shrimp.nTransfer the shrimp mixture to a small baking dish. Top with the feta. Bake until the shrimp are cooked through, about 25 minutes. Add more Greek Seasoning and sea salt if desired. Garnish with the olives. Serve hot, with the crusty bread for dipping.nCombine the oregano, parsley, garlic powder, onion powder, rosemary, pepper and sea salt., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 white onion, chopped, 12 teaspoon Greek Seasoning, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 5 medium tomatoes, blanched, peeled and chopped, Sea salt, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 8 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 5 ounces Greek feta cheese, crumbled, 14 cup kalamata olives, Thickcrusted bread, for serving, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried parsley, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon sea salt], title: Sizzling Shrimp Santorini, picturelink: null}, 5543: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 1cup ramekins Round cutter Serrated bread knifenThe day before you plan to serve the pudding, butter 8 1cup ramekins and line them with plastic wrap. Cut the crusts off the bread and, using a round cutter the size of the interior of the bottom of the ramekin, cut out 16 bread disks. Lay 8 of them in the bottoms of the ramekins. Cut the rest of the bread in strips and line the walls of the ramekins. Reserve the remaining 8 disks.nSprinkle the gelatin over the cold water and let it soak to sponge for 5 minutes. In a saucepan, carefully combine the apple juice concentrate and all the berries. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook until the strawberries begin to soften, about 1 minute. Immediately turn off the heat. Add the sponged gelatin to the berries mixture and stir to combine.nDivide evenly by spooning the berries and their juice into the breadlined ramekins. Cover with remaining bread disks. Place the ramekins on a sheet pan and cover them with plastic wrap. Place a second sheet pan on top of them and place a weight on it, like a 12 gallon juice can and chill overnight. The bread should become completely soaked with berry juice by the next day. These will keep for 2 days at this point.nWhen ready to serve, whip the cream with an electric mixer at high speed until it forms soft peaks. Remove the puddings from the refrigerator and remove the plastic wrap on top. Carefully turn the pudding out onto dessert plates tugging on the plastic wrap lining if needed. Serve with whipped cream on top., ingredients: [10 to 15 thin slices whole wheat bread, crusts removed, 2 teaspoons powdered gelatin, 14 cup cold water, 1 cup thawed frozen pure no sugar added apple juice concentrate, 3 cups raspberries, 3 cups red currants substitute blackberries or more of the other berries, 4 cups strawberries, hulled, 1 cup frozen cranberries, 2 cups blueberries, 2 cups cold heavy cream optional], title: Individual Summer Puddings, picturelink: Qbbx2aK3QqagRy9mrVirxjMEf4F7TBm}, 5544: {instructions: Cook pasta in large pot of lightly salted boiling water until al dente, firm but tender, about 12 minutes. Add the green beans to the boiling water for the last 6 minutes of cooking beans should be crisptender and not limp.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sweet red pepper, onion and garlic saute for 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the shrimp saute 2 minutes. Add the wine, salt, black pepper and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring, until the shrimp are opaque, about 1 to 2 minutes more. Be careful not to overcook the shrimp.nWhisk together the chicken broth and cornstarch in a small bowl until well blended and smooth. Stir the cornstarch mixture into the skillet. Bring to boiling cook for 1 minute. Stir in the parsley.nDrain the pasta and green beans in a colander turn the pasta into a large bowl. Add the shrimp mixture toss until well combined. Sprinkle with the grated Parmesan. Serve immediately., ingredients: [34 pound fettuccine pasta, 12 pound green beans, trimmed and halved crosswise, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large sweet red pepper, halved, cored, seeded and cut lengthwise into thin strips, 1 small onion, cut lengthwise in 12 and thinly sliced crosswise, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds mediumsize shrimp, shelled and deveined, 23 cup dry white wine, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Skillet Shrimp Scampi with Fettuccine, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 5545: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and mushrooms and saute until golden brown. Season with salt, to taste.nMeanwhile, in a mediumsized bowl, combine the orange juice, lime juice and chili powder. Add juices to the mushroom mixture along with the chicken stock. Simmer until liquid is reduced by twothirds. Stir in the honey and keep warm over low heat.nHeat a grill or grill pan to medium.nRub the zucchini slices with the cumin and season with salt. Grill the zucchini, marking both sides, but keeping the slices still firm. Remove to a cutting board. Chop the zucchini into 1inch pieces and arrange on a large platter. Top with the mushroom mixture and sprinkle with cilantro and goat cheese., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds yellow onions, sliced, 5 pounds white button mushrooms, cut into quarters, Salt, 2 cups orange juice, 1 cup lime juice, 13 cup red chili powder, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup honey, 4 pounds green zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 3 pieces, 4 pounds yellow zucchini, sliced lengthwise into 3 pieces, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 8 ounces fresh goat cheese], title: MAIN CHALLENGE: Red Chili Citrus Mushrooms with Grilled Zucchini, picturelink: oabe6bvcmcph2.AhKOBtkhzKdfMpLsi}, 5546: {instructions: Special equipment: a spice grindernFor the ceviche: Add 8 cups water to a small stockpot with half of the lime juice and 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil and add the shrimp, then cover with a lid and turn off the heat. Poach the shrimp until just cooked through, about 2 minutes. Drain and cool slightly. Cut each shrimp in half lengthwise.nIn a large mixing bowl add the remaining lime juice, the tomatoes, cilantro, oil, agave, tomatillos, garlic, shallots, avocados and 1 teaspoon salt, and stir together. Fold in the shrimp, then cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 2 hours.nFor the chips: Set two racks in the middle of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F. Place the lime zest on a microwavesafe plate and microwave on high heat in 1minute intervals until completely dried out, stopping to stir after each interval. Reserve for a later use.nStack the tortillas and cut into sixths. Divide the cut tortillas between two large baking sheets and spray evenly with the cooking spray. Bake until crispy, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, place the dried lime zest, garlic powder, paprika and salt in a spice grinder and blend to a fine powder.nSpray the chips once more with the cooking spray then sprinkle all over with the spice powder.nFor the beans and chorizo: Put the black beans and bay leaf in a medium saucepan, and fill with cold water to cover by 1 inch. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, partially covered, until the beans are tender, 30 to 40 minutes. Drain the beans and discard the bay leaf.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saute pan set over mediumhigh heat and add the chorizo. Cook until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the chorizo to a bowl. To the pan, add the onions, red bell peppers, yellow bell peppers and 1 teaspoon salt, and cook until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Stir in the cumin, ancho powder and chipotle powder, and cook until the spices are lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Stir in the chorizo, beans and stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook until the stock reduces by half and the mixture thickens, 6 to 8 minutes. Season with more salt if needed.nFor the cheese sauce: Heat the oil in a large saucepan set over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions, and saute until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Stir in the stock, cauliflower, squash and 1 teaspoon salt to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, covered, until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nPlace the mixture in a blender and carefully blend until completely smooth. Transfer the sauce back to the saucepan and set over low heat. Add the Cheddar, Monterey Jack, Oaxaca and chiles, and stir until the cheese melts. Taste the sauce and add more salt if needed.nFor the chile and cilantro sauce: Preheat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Grill the garlic, Anaheim chiles and poblanos on all sides until deeply charred, about 15 minutes. Remove the skins from the garlic, and set aside. Place the peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Steam the peppers for at least 5 minutes, then peel the skin away from the flesh of the peppers. Halve the peppers and remove the seeds.nIn the pitcher of a blender, add the peppers, garlic, cilantro, sour cream, yogurt, scallions, agave, salt, lime juice and zest. Blend until smooth.nFor the nachos: Divide the chips between 8 small plates or bowls, and then top with 14 cup of the black bean and chorizo mixture, 14 cup of the cheese sauce, 13 cup of the shrimp ceviche and a drizzle of the creamy chile and cilantro sauce about 1 tablespoon. Top each with 1 tablespoon of the queso fresco, a sprinkle of the cilantro leaves and several jalapenos to serve., ingredients: [Juice of 4 limes, Kosher salt, 1 pound jumbo 2125 shrimp, peeled and deveined, 3 cups heirloom cherry tomatoes, quartered, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves and soft stems, roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons light agave, 3 medium tomatillos, husks removed and chopped about 1 12 cups, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 2 small shallots, finely chopped about 14 cup, 1 avocado, peeled and diced about 1 cup, Zest of 4 limes about 4 tablespoons, Eighteen 6inch corn tortillas, Extravirgin olive oil cooking spray, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup dried black beans, soaked overnight in cold water and drained, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 ounces fresh pork chorizo, 1 large yellow onion, chopped about 1 12 cups, 1 medium red bell pepper, chopped about 1 cup, 1 medium yellow bell pepper, chopped about 1 cup, Kosher salt, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 1 large yellow onion, coarsely chopped about 1 12 cups, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock or vegetable stock, 12 medium head cauliflower, cut in to large chunks, about 1 pound or 3 cups, 14 small kabocha squash, peeled and cut in to 1inch chunks about 1 pound or 2 12 cups, Kosher salt, 6 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded about 3 cups, 6 ounces Monterey Jack cheese, shredded about 3 cups, 2 ounces Oaxaca cheese, Two 4ounce cans chopped green chiles, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, in the skin, 1 Anaheim chile, 1 poblano chile, 12 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro leaves and soft stems, 13 cup reducedfat sour cream, 13 cup 0percent Greek yogurt, 14 cup sliced scallions, 1 teaspoon light agave, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Zest and juice of 2 limes, 12 cup crumbled queso fresco cheese, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 cup sliced pickled jalapeu00f1os], title: Beache Ceviche, picturelink: wfDa5sMfYubiq.ogDIquAyZmUVxJicK}, 5547: {instructions: In a large bowl add the eggplant and milk. Let soak about 30 minutes, then strain and set aside. Whisk the eggs together in a medium glass bowl and place cornmeal on a flat sheet tray. Toss the drained eggplant into the egg until evenly coated. Remove with a slotted spoon and allow any excess to drip back into the bowl. Drop the eggplant into the cornmeal and toss to coat well. Remove from the cornmeal, place in a shallow bowl and refrigerate until needed.nMix the 13 cup olive oil, rice wine vinegar, and mustard in a small bowl and season with salt and peppernIn a large bowl, toss all the salad ingredients together including the torn mint and drizzle with the dressing.nHeat the oil in a deepfryer or a large saute pan, to 350 degrees F. In batches, if necessary, fry the eggplant until crispy and golden brown. Remove from fryer with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Place salad in serving plates and top each serving with eggplant., ingredients: [2 large eggplants peeled and sliced, 1 pint milk for soaking eggplant in, 4 eggs, 1 pound yellow cornmeal, 13 cup olive oil, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large head romaine lettuce, roughly torn, 1 ripe avocado diced, 1 ripe mango diced, 4 tomatoes diced, 1 English cucumber peeled and diced, 2 red onions thinly sliced, 1 red pepper cut into strips, 2 tablespoons torn mint leaves, 1 pint canola oil, for frying], title: Eggplant Salad, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 5548: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large skillet, heat the vegetable oil and brown the chorizo over medium heat until cooked through, about 8 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, scoop out the chorizo, and move to a papertowellined plate. Set aside.nIn between two pieces of bread, layer the cheese, chorizo, olives, jalapenos and then another layer of cheese. Add some butter to the griddle over mediumlow heat, and place the sandwich on the griddle. Add more butter to the top of the bread and cover with a metal bowl until golden on the outside and gooey in the middle, 5 minutes per side. Open the sandwich and place a few tortilla chips inside, then close again.nCut into quarters, serve with a side of Honey Chipotle Crema, and be prepared to never eat conventional nachos again.nMix the sour cream, cilantro, honey, chipotle pepper, lime juice and some salt and pepper together, and set aside., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound ground fresh Mexican chorizo, 8 slices good quality white bread, such as Arnold Country White Sliced, 8 ounces shredded Chihuahua cheese, 12 cup sliced black olives, 14 cup pickled jalapenos, sliced, 4 tablespoons salted butter, softened, Restaurantstyle tortilla chips, such as Donkey corn tortilla chips, Honey Chipotle Crema, recipe follows, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon honey or agave, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo, minced, 12 lime, juiced, Kosher salt and pepper], title: Nacho Abuelitos Grilled Cheese, picturelink: nQlsbhfTGxoRjw9rVU6t8WTGjCnnCAW}, 5549: {instructions: For the syrup: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and water over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer until the sugar has dissolved, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes.nFor the tea: In a medium saucepan, bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the tea bags and lemon slices. Let the mixture cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Remove the tea bags and discard.nPour the syrup and tea mixture into an icefilled pitcher. Pour into glasses and add a splash of sparkling water. Garnish with lemon slices and serve., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 5 cups water, 5 Earl Grey tea bags, 4 dried or fresh lemon slices, plus extra for garnish see Cooks Note, Ice, Sparkling water], title: Earl Grey Iced Tea, picturelink: aim3tSaQ2qyAl200KG2KSNx0LVb4QVS}, 5550: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix strawberries with 3 tablespoons sugar and refrigerate while juices develop, at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, remaining 2 tablespoons sugar, and salt in a medium bowl. Add heavy cream and mix until just combined. Place mixture in an ungreased 8inch square pan and bake until golden, 18 to 20 minutes.nRemove shortcake from pan and place on a rack to cool slightly. Cut into 6 pieces and split each piece in half horizontally.nSpoon some of the strawberries with their juice onto each shortcake bottom. Top with a generous dollop of whipped cream and then the shortcake top. Spoon more strawberries over the top and serve.nUsing a mixer, beat the heavy cream, sugar, vanilla, and lemon zest until soft peaks form, about 1 12 to 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds strawberries, stemmed and quartered, 5 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 tablespoons sugar, 34 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 12 cups heavy cream, chilled, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: npJeroe9MlQwfSjPnYrMlvWSHbxcrBS}, 5551: {instructions: Place the hazelnuts on a baking sheet in a preheated 350degree oven for 10 minutes. When they are lightly toasted, remove from the oven and immediately rub them vigorously in a heavy, dry kitchen towel to remove the skins. Set aside to cool.nPlace the new potatoes, the minced shallots, and the chicken stock in a 2 quart sauce pot. Add 1 teaspoon of salt, and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer and cover with a tightfitting lid. Cook for 20 minutes, or until the potatoes are done, but firm. The tip of a knife should penetrate them with a slight resistance.nMeanwhile, cut off the head and tail of the trout. Using tweezers, remove any pin bones you may find in the trout. Separate the trout into 2 fillets each by cutting down the back of the trout. Season with salt and pepper, and dredge the trout fillets in the flour.nAdd the green beans to the potato pot, cover and place on mediumhigh heat for 5 minutes.nPreheat a 12inch skillet over medium heat. Add the olive oil and 2 tablespoons of butter. Saute the trout fillets, skin side down, until golden brown. Turn the fillets and cook 1 more minute. Remove from the pan, and repeat until all the trout are cooked. Place all the fillets a baking sheet in the oven to keep warm. Add the contents of the potato pot to the trout pan. Add the hazelnuts, bring to a boil, and stir in the lemon juice and butter.nTo serve, divide the potato mixture onto 4 plates, and place 2 fillets, skin side up, crisscrossed on each plate. Spoon the remaining hazelnut sauce over each portion, and serve immediately., ingredients: [13 cup hazelnuts, 12 mediumsized red new potatoes, 2 shallots, minced, 2 cups chicken stock, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 whole trout, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 pound haricots verts, ends removed, 2 tablespoons butter, 14 cup olive oil, 2 lemons, juiced], title: Rocky Mountain Trout with Hazelnuts and Haricots Verts, picturelink: null}, 5552: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRoll out the dough on a lightly floured surface to 12inch thickness. Using a floured 2inch cookie cutter, cut out doughnut rounds. Using a floured 1inch cookie cutter, cut out a hole in the center of each doughnut. Gather the dough scraps and reroll. Cut out more doughnuts.nWhisk the sugar and cinnamon in a medium bowl to blend. Set the cinnamonsugar aside.nPour equal parts of vegetable oil and olive oil into a large frying pan to reach a depth of 2 inches. Heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 375 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the doughnuts until they puff but are still pale, about 45 seconds per side. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the doughnuts to paper towels to drain. Cool slightly. While the doughnuts are still warm, generously coat each 2 times with the cinnamonsugar. Serve warm.nAlternately, cool the fried doughnuts to room temperature. Stir 3 ounces of milk chocolate and 14 cup of whipping cream in a heavy small saucepan over mediumlow heat until the chocolate melts. Set aside until the chocolate sauce comes to room temperature but does not set. Dip 1 side of each doughnut into the chocolate mixture. Sprinkle with finely chopped toasted almonds or crushed espresso beans and set aside until the chocolate is set., ingredients: [1 pound prepared pizza dough, 34 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Olive oil, for deepfrying], title: Italian Doughnuts, picturelink: walsAmskr1vfO7wj3DpeQvto41m7zim}, 5553: {instructions: Cut fat and skin into 1inch wide strips and a few inches long. Place the fat in a hot pan and sprinkle with salt. Add the water and skim the foam that rises to the top. Boil until the water is completely evaporated.nStrain the goose fat and reheat the pan to a medium high heat. Stir fry the fat strips for about 10 minutes, until golden brown. Remove and strain on paper towels., ingredients: [Skin and fat from goose, 2 cups water], title: Goose Crackling, picturelink: null}, 5554: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLay 2 sheets 24 inches long of heavy duty foil down in a cross pattern then lay the collard greens on the foil in the cross pattern. Douse the pork with olive oil to coat then add 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika and 1 tablespoon pimenton paprika, liquid smoke, and salt and pepper. Place pork in mound over collards then pull the leaves over the top of the pork and wrap the package securely. Place on a sheet pan and put into the oven. Bake for 2 12 hours. Remove from oven, open package to allow steam to escape and reserve.nHeat more oil and butter in a medium ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook 1 minute then add chorizo and onion. Cook until softened 7 to 10 minutes. Then add piquillo peppers, sweet paprika, remaining 1 tablespoon smoky paprika, saffron, and oregano, cook 1 minute. Then add green chiles, tomatoes and stock. Bring to a boil and simmer 5 minutes. Add thyme and beans and cook 5 more minutes. Add cooked pork with broth from foil pack, cook 5 more minutes. Turn off heat and add chopped parsley., ingredients: [4 large leaves collard greens, One 2 12pound pork butt, cut into 1 12 to 2inch cubes, Extravirgin olive oil, plus more to saute vegetables, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 1 tablespoon pimenton smoky paprika, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon liquid smoke, Salt and black pepper, Unsalted butter, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, diced finely, 3 to 4 ounces finely diced Spanish chorizo sausage, 2 onions, diced, Piquillo peppers or 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon saffron, 1 tablespoon crushed oregano, 2 small cans diced green chiles, One 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 tablespoon finely chopped thyme leaves, 2 cups cooked cranberry beans or other favorite beans, 2 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, Shredded cheese for garnish], title: Spanish Influenced Chili with Collard Wrapped Pork, Chorizo and Sweet and Smoky Paprikas, picturelink: null}, 5555: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter a 13 by 9 by 4 baking dish and add a thin layer of besciamella bechamel sauce. Cover with a layer of lasagna noodles, and then another thin layer of besciamella. Gently spread about 4 tablespoons pesto across the surface, and then top with about 2 tablespoons Parmesan. Repeat until you finish layering the lasagne. Top with a final layer of noodles and spread a final very thin layer besciamella, pesto, Parmesan cheese and a little butter to help the cheese crispup when cooked in the oven.nCook the lasagne for about 30 minutes. Serve dressed with some Parmesan and a drop of extravirgin olive oil.nFresh Pesto: Combine the basil leaves, pine nuts, garlic, and olive oil in a mortar and pestle and pound until paste forms. Add the Parmesan cheese, Pecorino cheese, salt and pepper and stir until smooth.nKeep the pesto in the refrigerator until youre ready to use it.nMix the pasta and the pesto...serve garnished with some grated Parmesan just a touch, fresh ground pepper and a sprinkle of olive oil.nBesciamella: Melt the 12 cup butter in a pan over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon. Cooks Note: This is an important moment, as you have to slowly toast the flour without burning it. This will help you lose the floury taste.nWarm up the milk and gradually ladle into the pot with the butterflour mixture, whisking constantly while bringing the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Season the sauce with freshly grated nutmeg, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [Pesto, recipe follows, Besciamella, recipe follows, Butter, for baking dish, plus more for topping, 1 12 9ounce boxes no boil lasagna noodles, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 4 cups fresh basil leaves, about 4 ounces, 13 cup pine nuts, 3 cloves garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for sprinkling, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan Cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Pecorino Sardo or Romano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 cup butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 12 cups whole milk, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pesto Lasagne, picturelink: null}, 5556: {instructions: Before cooking the rice, rinse several times in running water until the water runs clear. Drain in a colander for about 1 hour. Cook on the stovetop or in an electric rice cooker according to package directions.nIn a small saucepan over low heat, combine vinegar, sugar and salt. Stir gently to dissolve salt and sugar. Cool to room temperature.nWhile the rice is still warm, transfer to a large nonreactive bowl. Gradually drizzle the vinegar mixture over the rice, fanning the rice as you go. Use a rice paddle to mix gently without mashing the grains. Keep the rice covered with a damp cloth at room temperature until ready to make sushi. Do not refrigerate., ingredients: [3 cups shortgrain white rice, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Sushi Rice, picturelink: iUIbFrvH5xElQ3MTGJkAI2kiiuZNxOu}, 5557: {instructions: Line a dish with paper towels and set aside. Whisk the cornmeal, flour, basil, salt, cayenne, and pepper in a bowl.nBeat the eggs in another bowl.nHeat 14inch vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat until hot but not smoking.nWorking in small batches, toss the zucchini coins in the eggs, then coat in the cornmeal mixture to cover completely. Carefully drop the zucchini into the oil, and fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side or until crisp. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and place on the prepared plate. Season with salt, cool slightly and serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [12 cup cornmeal, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus for seasoning, 14 teaspoon cayenne, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, slightly beaten, Vegetable oil, for shallow frying, 2 small zucchini, sliced into 18 to 14inch thick coins], title: Fried Zucchini Coins, picturelink: 4yVku3elv5UBDnvale6eM6DTowUlexy}, 5558: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfryer and twelve 10inch bamboo skewersnFor the dipping sauce: Puree the honey, chipotles and adobo sauce in a blender or with a stick blender. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mix the chipotle honey with the Dijon. Set aside.nFor the kettle corn dog: Add vegetable oil about 8 cups to a deepfryer and preheat to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Stir in the eggs and milk. Gently fold in the kettle corn. You will have about 5 cups batter.nPat the hot dogs dry and then insert a bamboo skewer lengthwise through each one roll in flour to coat.nDip a hot dog in batter, turning to coat completely. Allow excess batter drip off before lowering the battered hot dog into the hot oil. Immediately repeat with 2 hot dogs. Fry until deep golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes, turning to cook evenly. Repeat with the remaining hot dogs, working in batches of three.nTransfer the corn dogs to a papertowellined baking sheet to drain, turning the corn dogs to blot oil.nServe the corn dogs with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [Chipotle Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce:, 2 cups honey, 5 to 6 chipotles in adobo, plus 2 tablespoons adobo sauce, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 cup Dijon mustard, Kettle Corn Dog:, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 23 cups yellow cornmeal, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the hot dogs, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups whole milk, 2 cups crumbled kettle corn, 12 hot dogs], title: Kettle Corn Dog with Chipotle Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5559: {instructions: Cover bulghur wheat with cold water by 1 inch above the grain. Soak for 30 minutes. When plump and tender, drain the grains, squeezing out as much water as you can with your hands. Set the grains in a double layer of cheesecloth and squeeze out even more water.nCombine the bulghur wheat with chick peas, parsley, mint and scallions and tomatoes. In a small bowl combine lemon zest with olive oil and juice season well with salt and pepper and stir into salad. Add more olive oil or lemon juice and serve immediately., ingredients: [34 cup medium grain bulghur wheat, 16 ounce can chick peas, washed, drained and chopped roughly, 2 cups net finely chopped washed curly parsley, 12 cup net finely chopped washed mint leaves, 1 bunch scallions, green and white parts, finely sliced, 4 ripe plum tomatoes or 2 medium regular tomatoes, seeded and diced, Grated lemon zest of 1 lemon, 2 to 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice or to taste, 13 to 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, Boston lettuce leaves to present, Sliced cured black olives for garnish], title: Tabbouleh and Chick Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 5560: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a teaspoon or grapefruit spoon, remove the seeds from the tomatoes. Place the tomato halves, cut side down, on paper towels to drain, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl, mix together 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Using clean hands, gently toss the drained tomato halves in the oil mixture until coated. Marinate the tomatoes for 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl mix together the bread crumbs and Gorgonzola cheese.nPlace the marinated tomato halves, cut side up, on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Fill each tomato half with the bread crumb filling. Drizzle with the remaining olive oil. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until slightly softened and the underside of the tomatoes are brown.nArrange the cooked tomatoes on a serving platter. Sprinkle with the chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 Roma tomatoes, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup plain bread crumbs, 34 cup finely crumbled Gorgonzola or grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Roasted Tomatoes with Garlic, Gorgonzola and Herbs, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 5561: {instructions: Mix: Sift 3 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon each baking soda and salt, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons cinnamon and 14 teaspoon each ground cloves and allspice into a bowl. In another bowl, mix 6 tablespoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon melted shortening, 23 cup light brown sugar and 34 cup molasses beat in 1 egg with a mixer. Beat in the flour mixture in two additions. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic and pat to 12 inch thick. Chill 2 hours.nCut: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured surface, roll out each piece of dough to 14 inch thick, dusting with flour, if needed. Cut into 3to5inch gingerbread men and arrange 1 inch apart on parchment paperlined baking sheets. Brush off excess flour and chill 15 minutes.nBake: Bake until the cookies are golden around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack and cool, then decorate with Royal Icing.nRoyal Icing: Sift 2 tablespoons meringue powder found in the baking aisle or at crafts stores and 1 pound confectioners sugar into a large bowl. Beat in 6 tablespoons water with a mixer until glossy with soft peaks. Tint with food coloring, if desired.nTo Draw: Transfer the icing to a resealable plastic bag snip the tip of one corner. For dots, hold the bag at a 90 degree angle. For outlines, hold it at a 45 degree angle. Pipe onto the cooled cookies.nTo Fill: Draw an outline with the icing, then thin the icing with milk or water until its the consistency of glue and spread inside the outline with a paintbrush.nMix: Sift 3 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon each baking soda and salt, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 2 teaspoons cinnamon and 14 teaspoon each ground cloves and allspice into a bowl. In another bowl, mix 6 tablespoons melted butter, 1 tablespoon melted shortening, 23 cup light brown sugar and 34 cup molasses beat in 1 egg with a mixer. Beat in the flour mixture in two additions. Divide the dough in half, wrap in plastic and pat to 12 inch thick. Chill 2 hours.nCut: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. On a floured surface, roll out each piece of dough to 14 inch thick, dusting with flour, if needed. Cut into 3to5inch gingerbread men and arrange 1 inch apart on parchment paperlined baking sheets. Brush off excess flour and chill 15 minutes.nBake: Bake until the cookies are golden around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes. Transfer to a rack and cool, then decorate with Royal Icing.nRoyal Icing: Sift 2 tablespoons meringue powder found in the baking aisle or at crafts stores and 1 pound confectioners sugar into a large bowl. Beat in 6 tablespoons water with a mixer until glossy with soft peaks. Tint with food coloring, if desired.nTo Draw: Transfer the icing to a resealable plastic bag snip the tip of one corner. For dots, hold the bag at a 90 degree angle. For outlines, hold it at a 45 degree angle. Pipe onto the cooled cookies.nTo Fill: Draw an outline with the icing, then thin the icing with milk or water until its the consistency of glue and spread inside the outline with a paintbrush., ingredients: [], title: Perfect Gingerbread Men, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 5562: {instructions: For the hen: Put the hen in a 1 gallon resealable plastic bag with the water, honey, and salt. Seal the bag and move around vigorously for 1 to 2 minutes to distribute the honey and dissolve the salt. Set the bag in a leakproof container and refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor the pastry: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour and salt in a small mixing bowl and set aside. Combine the milk, water, and lard in a 3quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat and bring to a boil, approximately 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, add the flour all at once, and stir with a wooden spoon until combined and the mixture begins to form into a ball of dough.nPlace the dough onto a floured work surface and knead until cooled, approximately 5 minutes. Divide the dough in half, and divide one of the pieces in half again. Set aside.nFor the egg wash: Combine the egg and water in a small bowl. Set aside.nTo build the pot pie: Remove the hen from the brine and pat dry. Use kitchen shears to cut away the skin from the breast of the hen. Place the dried fruit into the cavity of the hen and tie the legs with butchers twine. Place the hen in the center of a piece of parchment and trace an oval approximately 12inch larger than the hen, approximately 8 12 inches long by 6 12 inches wide. Remove the hen from the parchment and turn the paper over to avoid getting pencil on the dough.nRoll the two quarters of dough into ovals according to the template this is the base and the top of the pot pie. Place one of the ovals in the center of the parchment. Set the other oval aside. Roll the remaining half of dough into a 12inch thick and 4inch wide strip of dough that will go around the oval piece and surround the hen. Brush around the edge of the base pastry with egg wash. Place the thyme sprigs on the base, then top with the hen. Place the 4inch wide strip of dough around the hen, forming a wall around the hen. Press the ends together. Press down to seal this to the base pastry. Sprinkle the hen with the allspice, black pepper, cumin, and paprika. Brush the top of the wall with egg wash. Place the remaining oval of pastry on top of the hen and crimp, attaching the top to the wall. Patch any holes with excess dough. Brush the entire pastry with egg wash. Bake until the hen reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees F, about1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and rest 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 Cornish game hen, thawed and giblets removed, 1 quart water, 12 cup honey, 3 12 ounces kosher salt, 6 ounces mixed dried fruit, such as prunes, apricots, mission figs, candied ginger, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon paprika, 20 ounces allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading and rolling, 2 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 5 ounces 2 percent milk, 5 ounces water, 7 12 ounces lard, 1 large egg yolk, beaten, 1 tablespoon water], title: Medieval Game Hen Pot Pie, picturelink: null}, 5563: {instructions: Preheat the broiler to medium. Bring a large pot of water to a boil.nCombine the marinara sauce and balsamic vinegar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a shallow dish, combine the breadcrumbs, half the Parmesan, half the parsley and some salt and pepper. Put the beaten egg whites in a separate shallow dish. Coat the chicken tenders in the egg whites first, then dredge in the breadcrumb mixture.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook according to the package instructions.nHeat the oil in a large ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook, turning once, until golden, about 3 minutes per side. Pour the tomato sauce over the chicken, scatter the mozzarella and remaining Parmesan evenly over top and broil until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 2 minutes.nDrain the pasta. Serve with the chicken and garnish with the remaining parsley., ingredients: [One 24ounce jar goodquality marinara sauce, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten, 1 12 pounds chicken tenders, 12 ounces wholewheat angel hair pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup shredded fresh mozzarella], title: Lighter Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: Unb0DTwQ.GDADR5nqfV7YxzJJgxsJdu}, 5564: {instructions: Cut the codfish into 1inch pieces. Drizzle 2 tablespoons of oil over codfish. Season with salt, pepper, thyme, and tarragon. Cover, place in refrigerator, and marinate for 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove herbs from the codfish. Warm a skillet with a little olive oil and add the codfish. Next, add the shallots and cook until tender. Place the cooked codfish in the bowl of a food processor and using short pulses, mix lightly. Add the cooked potatoes and pulse lightly. Add the remaining olive oil and pulse lightly. Adjust the seasoning with salt, pepper, minced garlic, and cayenne pepper.nPlace the baguette slices on a cookie sheet and brush them with olive oil mixed with a touch of minced garlic. Bake them until light golden brown.nStir all ingredients together., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh boned codfish, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 sprig thyme, 1 sprig tarragon, 2 shallots, peeled and minced, 1 pound boiled cooked potatoes, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Cayenne pepper, 1 French baguette, sliced in 12inch slices, Tomato Olive Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 3 ounces freshsqueezed tomato juice, 12 ounce pitted and chopped black Nicoise olives, 12 ounce olive oil, 2 basil leaves, chiffonade, Salt and pepper, Balsamic vinegar, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded and diced], title: Brandade of Fresh Codfish with Crouton and a TomatoOlive Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 5565: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large skillet with straight sides. Add the bell peppers and garlic. Saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the ground beef to the vegetables. Stir and cook about 8 minutes, until the meat is no longer pink and fully cooked.nAdd tomato sauce, tomato paste, barbecue sauce, Worcestershire, and hot sauce into the skillet. Stir. Simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Serve on hamburger bun with extra sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds lean ground beef, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 4 hamburger buns, split, Barbecue sauce, for topping], title: Spensers Sloppy Joes, picturelink: lKD0BIbeeFM4cyDmtORHDR7uvnYARHe}, 5566: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nSeason the ribs with salt and pepper. Dust with the flour. Heat the oil in a large braising pan or ovenproof casserole over mediumhigh heat. Add the bacon and cook until most of the fat is rendered, then remove and set aside.nAdd as many ribs as can fit in a single layer to the pan. You will need to cook them in batches. Sear the ribs on both sides until well browned, then remove from the pan and set aside. Repeat with the remaining ribs. Discard all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan.nLower the heat to medium, add the carrots and onions, season with salt and pepper, and saute until the vegetables begin to brown, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and tomato and paste and cook for 4 more minutes, scraping the browned bits off of the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Add the red wine and brandy and reduce by 12, about 6 minutes.nReturn the ribs and bacon to the pot. Add the remaining ingredients except the apricots and parsley and bring to a boil. The liquid should come 13 of the way up the ribs, if it does not, add some water. As soon as the liquid comes to a boil, turn off the heat an cover the ribs tightly with foil, pressing the foil down into the pan, then place a lid on the pan.nBraise the ribs in the oven for 2 hours, turning them every 30 minutes so they cook evenly. Add water as necessary to keep the braising juice 13 of the way up the ribs.nAfter 2 hours, add the apricots and cook for an additional 30 minutes. The meat should be almost falling off the bones if it is not, keep cooking until it does. Transfer the short ribs to a large platter. Spoon the vegetables, olives, and apricots over them. Keep warm.nStrain the braising juices into a clear glass container and siphon or skim off the fat. The braising juices may already be the consistency of a sauce. If not, return them to the pan and boil for a few minutes to thicken. If you prefer an absolutely smooth sauce, strain out any remaining pieces of vegetable. Taste, season with salt and pepper, and add the parsley. Pour the sauce over the ribs and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 beef short ribs 6 ounces each or beef flanken, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unbleached allpurpose flour, for dusting, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 ounces smoked bacon, cut into 1 by 14inch lardons, 2 medium carrots, peeled and chopped into 12inch dice, 1 medium onion, chopped into 12inch dice, 16 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 cups dry red wine, 12 cup brandy, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 2 cinnamon sticks, 5 whole cloves, 2 cups canned, lowsodium chicken broth, 18 dried apricot halves, 13 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Braised Short Ribs of Beef with Red Wine, Apricots, and Black Olives, picturelink: null}, 5567: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, bring the beer, water, shrimp boil seasoning, salt, peppercorns and the juiced lemon halves to a boil over medium heat. Allow mixture to boil covered for 10 minutes. In the meantime, melt butter in a small saucepan and add the lemon juice. Add the shrimp to the pot of boiling beer, cover, and turn off heat. Check shrimp after 3 minutes for a pink color throughout. Using a slotted spoon, remove the shrimp and transfer to serving bowls.nAdd 12 cup of the beer boiling liquid to the butter and simmer for 2 minutes, then transfer to small serving bowls. Serve the warm shrimp with the butter dipping sauce on the side, and dont forget the empty bowls for the shrimp shells. EnjoynServing Suggestion: I love a great loaf of French bread with this to sop up the yummy sauce, ingredients: [3 12ounce bottles lager beer, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon shrimp boil seasoning or Creole seasoning mix, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 lemon, juiced, halves reserved, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, head and shell left on, rinsed well], title: Beer Shrimp Boil, picturelink: jvfbDqw9dNElbKUoEAhcc.FEaHTlju}, 5568: {instructions: Combine the butter, honey, cinnamon, and salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons good honey, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Cinnamon Honey Butter, picturelink: null}, 5569: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the sugar in a food processor and process until it is finely ground. Divide the sugar in half. Combine one half with the flour, leavening agent and salt and place in a sifter.nCombine the egg whites, 13 cup room temperature water, cream of tartar and vanilla. Place in the bowl of the standing mixer. Start on slow for 2 minutes, and then increase the speed to medium. Slowly add the remaining sugar to the egg whites and continue to mix.nOnce the egg whites are at medium peaks, remove the bowl from the mixer and sift over the flour mixture a little at a time as you fold it together. When completely combined, transfer to a 10inch ungreased angel food cake pan. Transfer to the oven and bake for 35 minutes.nRemove from the oven and invert while still in the pan. Let cool for at least an hour upside down.nInsert a knife around the edges and remove from the pan. Serve., ingredients: [1 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup cake flour, 2 teaspoons Lievito Pane Degli Angeli Italian brand of leavening agent plus flavoring for baked goods, Pinch salt, 12 egg whites, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Italian Angel Food Cake, picturelink: tQtjCPDfZkIlvkCG85nIJ8ONUX1M4xK}, 5570: {instructions: Place the oats in a medium bowl. Add the boiling water, mix, and let stand 20 minutes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9inch cake pan, round or square. In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until smooth. Add both sugars and mix until smooth and fluffy. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix just until combined. Add the rolled oats and mix just until combined.nIn another bowl, mix the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt. Working in 3 batches, add the dry ingredients to the butteroat mixture, mixing until just combined after each addition. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake until a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out dry and almost clean a few crumbs are okay, 40 to 50 minutes.nWhen the cake comes out of the oven, preheat the broiler to high. Spread the coconut topping evenly over the cake and broil until golden brown, about 2 minutes, watching carefully to make sure it does not burn. Let cool at least 10 minutes before serving.nIn a medium bowl, mix the butter, sugar, and cream. Add the nuts and coconut and mix just until combined., ingredients: [1 cup rolled oats not instant, 1 14 cups boiling water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon salt, Topping, recipe follows, 10 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 23 cup light brown sugar, packed, 14 cup heavy cream, 23 cup chopped walnuts or pecans, 1 cup packed shredded or flaked sweetened coconut], title: Walnut Oatmeal Cake with Coconut, picturelink: zBbXVET96UlELHhg1eCiJKnsPCSauy}, 5571: {instructions: Pound the chicken to even thickness. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour. Reserve flour. In a large skillet, heat 3 tablespoons butter, add chicken and brown on both sides. Transfer to heated platter. Add shallots to skillet and saute briefly. Add wine. Cook until nearly evaporated. Add reserved flour, stir, and cook 3 minutes. Sprinkle with tarragon and add chicken broth. Return chicken to pan and simmer 10 minutes. Transfer to heated platter and keep hot. Add 1 tablespoon each butter and cream to pan, heat and pour over chicken., ingredients: [2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, halved, 2 tablespoons flour, 14 cup butter, 14 cup shallots, chopped, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon, 34 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon heavy cream], title: Chicken Tarragon, picturelink: null}, 5572: {instructions: Rinse the clams well, then soak in fresh water for 30 minutes. Layer all ingredients in a seaweed wrap in this order: clams, potatoes, and onions next to each other on the bottom, then lobsters on top of them, then corn as the highest layer. Wrap very tightly with a double layer of foil making sure there are no holes in foil essentially making a pressure cooker. Cover the foil pack with additional seaweed. Light a wood fire. Cook over fire for 30 minutes. Carefully open the foil wrap and take out the corn and lobsters so you can reach the potatoes and clams. Separate onto individual serving dishes. Serve with your favorite Garden Salad, Cornbread, and Blueberry Cake.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the egg whites set aside. Mix the egg yolks with sugar, shortening, vanilla, and salt. In a separate bowl mix the 9 cups of flour and the baking powder. Mix the flour mixture with the egg mixture, slowly adding the milk. Fold in the egg whites. Flour the blueberries and then fold them into the cake batter. Butter and flour 2 12 by 18 by 1inch baking pan. Pour the blueberry cake batter into the pans and bake for 40 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out dry and the cake springs back when touched firmly., ingredients: [12 bushel clams, Seaweed, for wrapping, 35 whole potatoes of similar size, 10 onions, whole, 35 fresh lobsters, elastic removed from claws, 35 ears corn, husks on, Garden Salad, Cornbread, recipe follows, Blueberry Cake, recipe follows, 6 cups allpurpose flour, 6 cups cornmeal, 1 cup sugar, 7 tablespoons baking powder, 6 eggs, 6 cups milk, 1 12 cups vegetable oil, 12 eggs, separated, 6 cups sugar, 3 cups shortening, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon salt, 9 cups flour, plus additional for flouring blueberries and cake pan, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 cups milk, 6 cups blueberries, Butter, for greasing pan], title: Maine Lobsterbake, picturelink: null}, 5573: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Coat a 9 x 13inch baking pan with cooking spray.nMelt the chocolate and butter in a double boiler or heatproof bowl set over a pot of barely simmering water, stirring occasionally.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa, salt, and baking soda.nIn a large bowl whisk the eggs and sugar until smooth. Add the yogurt, oil and vanilla and whisk to combine. Add the chocolatebutter mixture and whisk until blended. Add the flour mixture and mix until just moistened.nTransfer the mixture to the prepared pan and sprinkle with nuts if using. Bake for 2025 minutes, until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs. Cool completely in the pan on a wire rack. Cut into 24 squares., ingredients: [8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup whole grain pastry flour, 14 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 4 large eggs, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup plain lowfat yogurt, 14 cup canola oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 34 cup chopped walnuts optional], title: Dark Chocolate Brownies, picturelink: vh6Sk.YNmkdlslmdjqbHVR0pGCRmTOG}, 5574: {instructions: Chuck Hughes makes this melt for breakfast or lunch: creamy, earthy and cheesy, you cant go wrongnFor the mushrooms: In a saucepan on medium heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add onions and mushrooms and saute for 5 minutes, or until slightly brown. Add garlic and continue cooking for 1 minute. Add veal stock and simmer for another 5 minutes until liquid has reduced. Remove from heat and add parsley. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the bechamel sauce: Meanwhile, in a saucepan melt the butter over medium heat. Add flour and mix with a wooden spoon. Continue to cook for 2 minutes. Whisk in the milk and continue cooking until it thickens, about 2 minutes. Add Gruyere cheese and keep at a medium low heat until it is completely incorporated. Set aside.nFor the melt: Butter each piece of bread on one side. Spoon the mushroom mixture onto the unbuttered side of the bread, top with cheesy bechamel sauce and cover with another slice of bread. Place in a frying pan on medium heat and cook for about 2 minutes on each side.nFor serving: Remove, cut in half and add a spoonful of remaining mushroom mixture on top. Garnish with more grated cheese as desired and serve., ingredients: [1 loaf of bread, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 10 cipollini onions, quartered, 1 pound mixed mushrooms, sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup veal stock, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup grated Gruyere cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cheezy Mushroom Melt, picturelink: null}, 5575: {instructions: To prepare the tart dough, in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and confectioners sugar until combined, about 1 minute. Add the cocoa and beat until incorporated. Add the egg yolk and vanilla and beat until smooth. Sift in the flour and beat on low speed until just combined. Scrape the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form it into a disk. Wrap and chill until firm, about 1 hour, or up to 3 days.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll the tart dough 316inch thick. Using a 2 12inch round cutter, cut out 24 rounds of dough and press them into minimuffin tins or 2 dozen 2inch tart pans, trimming away any excess dough prick the dough all over with a fork. Chill the tart shells for 20 minutes.nLine the tart shells with foil and fill with dried beans, rice, or pie weights. Bake for 15 minutes. Remove foil and weights and bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer or until the pastry looks dry and set. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Remove cooled shells from tart pans and transfer to a plate.nTo prepare the filling, place the water in a large saucepan. Add the sugar and corn syrup and cook the mixture over mediumhigh heat, swirling the pan occasionally, until you have a dark amber caramel, about 10 minutes. Carefully whisk in the butter, cream, and creme fraiche the mixture will hiss and bubble up so stand back, whisking until smooth. The caramel can be made up to 5 days ahead and refrigerated. Divide the caramel among the tart shells while still warm or reheat the caramel in the microwave or over low heat until it is pourable and let sit until the caramel is set, at least 20 minutes.nTo make the glaze, in a saucepan, bring the cream to a boil. Place the chocolate in a bowl. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate, add a pinch of sea salt, and let sit for 2 minutes, then whisk until smooth. Pour some of the glaze over each of the tarts while it is still warm. Let the glaze set at room temperature for at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, at room temperature, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 large egg yolk, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup water, 2 cups sugar, 14 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 12 ounces extrabittersweet chocolate, chopped, A pinch fine sea salt, such as fleur de sel], title: Chocolate Caramel Tarts, picturelink: null}, 5576: {instructions: Heat outdoor grill or cast iron grill pan. Gently brush off any dirt from caps. In a small bowl whisk together the oil and vinegar and season with salt  pepper. Brush caps with vinegar  oil mixture and place on grill. Cook for 2 minutes per side or until mushroom is tender. Brush occasionally with vinegar and oil. Drizzle remaining vinegar and oil over arugula. Shave parmesan into greens and toss. Slice grilled portobellos and arrange on top of arugula, ingredients: [2 portobellos, stems removed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch arugula, rinsed and dried, Parmesan shavings], title: Grilled Portobellos with Arugula, picturelink: null}, 5577: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly coat a 12cup nonstick muffin pan with nonstick cooking spray.n2. Mist a large nonstick skillet with more nonstick cooking spray and put over medium heat. Add the turkey bacon and cook turning frequently until crisp, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and coarsely chop.n3. In the same skillet, heat the oil. Add the mushrooms, shallot, and season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook until shallots are soft and the mushrooms are dry and lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the baby spinach and nutmeg until the spinach is just wilted, but still bright green, 2 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly.n4. Meanwhile, whisk the eggs, egg whites, milk, and salt and pepper until well combined. Stir in the cheese. Divide the egg mixture evenly between the muffin tins, filling them about halfway. Top evenly with the mushroom and spinach mixture and then the chopped bacon.n5. Bake until the quiches are well risen, golden brown and set, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool in the pan 5 minutes and then transfer to a wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature with greens., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 strips 3 ounces turkey bacon, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 10 ounces white mushrooms, coarsely chopped, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups baby spinach, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 4 large eggs, 4 egg large whites, 14 cup skim milk, 13 cup 1 12 ounces grated Fontina cheese, Mixed greens for serving], title: Mini Spinach and Mushroom Quiche, picturelink: sg2Ox.FnWv3mU9Rml3m84MYRW9QpTG}, 5578: {instructions: Special equipment: A cookie sheet or jelly roll pan covered with parchment or foil two 9inch round cake pansnFor the tart crust, roll the dough to a rough 12inch disk and transfer it to the cookie sheet. Pierce the dough all over with a fork and place a plate or pattern on to and cut it to a perfect 11inch circle. Butter the bottom of one of the cake pans and center it on the disk of dough. Chill one hour.nWhile the dough is chilling, cook the apricots. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees and set a rack in the middle level. Thickly butter the other pan and sprinkle it with the brown sugar. Arrange the apricot halves, skin side down in the pan, alternating a dried apricot with every two fresh apricot halves. Sprinkle with the remaining butter and then the lemon juice. Bake the apricots about 40 minutes, until they are well cooked through. Cool on a rack.nTo bake the tart crust, lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees and place the cookie sheet and dough, still covered by the cake pan into the oven. Bake for 15 minutes, then remove the cake pan. Continue baking about 15 to 20 minutes more, until deep golden and crisp, piercing the dough with a fork if it bubbles up. Cool the crust in the pan on a rack.nTo assemble the tart, reheat the apricots for a few seconds over low heat to make sure they are not stuck to the pan. Invert the tart crust to a cardboard and slide the crust over the top of the pan the apricots are in. Cover the crust with the cardboard or a platter and invert the apricots onto the crust. Remove the pan and rearrange the apricots if necessary. Serve tepid with some whipped cream., ingredients: [12 batch Quickest Puff Pastry, 2 pounds fresh apricots, rinsed, halved and pitted, 1 cup dried apricots, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons granulated brown sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Roasted Apricot Tart, picturelink: null}, 5579: {instructions: For the nests: Heat about 4 inches of vegetable oil to 340 degrees F in a 4quart saucepan. Use a saucepan that is taller than it is wide. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nWhile the oil is heating, halve and rinse the leeks. Slice them thinly and put in a medium bowl. Peel the potatoes and use a mandoline to julienne them. To julienne without a mandoline, slice the potatoes about 18 inch thick, stack the slices, and slice 18inch thick. Toss the potatoes, butter, flour, salt and pepper with the leeks.nScoop about 1 cup of the potato mixture into a birds next frying basket and immerse in the hot oil until set and golden brown. Transfer to the paper towels and repeat with the remaining mixture.nFor the lobster salad: Combine the mayonnaise, mustard, lemon zest and juice, cayenne pepper, chives and tarragon in a large bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Gently fold in lobster, fennel and celery. Taste and season with more salt and pepper, if necessarynTo serve, place a potato and leek nest in the centers of 4 plates. Mound a small bunch of frisee in the middle of the nests, and then top with some the lobster salad. Garnish with chives and caviar.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 large leeks, white parts only, 2 large russet potatoes, about 1 pound, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Juice and finely grated zest of 1 lemon, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup chopped chives, plus more for garnish, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped tarragon leaves, 34 pound cooked lobster meat, cut into 1inch chunks, 1 large fennel bulb, trimmed and cored, finely diced, 1 rib celery, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head frisee, cleaned and leaves separated, Black American caviar, for garnish, optional], title: Lobster Salad in Potato Leek Nests, picturelink: null}, 5580: {instructions: Cook 1 14 pounds sugar snap peas in boiling water until bright green, about 3 minutes drain. Cook 1 minced shallot in a skillet with 2 tablespoons butter until soft, about 3 minutes. Whisk in a splash of water, then add the peas and cook 2 to 3 minutes. Add chopped tarragon and parsley, and salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Buttered Snap Peas, picturelink: dQB2wPYjtx76lKMrC0s5skgsCWKCwhu}, 5581: {instructions: Heat 14 cup of the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the celery and saute until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Add the eggplant and saute until beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Season with salt. Add the red pepper and cook until crisptender, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the diced tomatoes with their juices, raisins, and oregano. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer over mediumlow heat until the flavors blend and the mixture thickens, stirring often, about 20 minutes. Add the vinegar, sugar, and capers. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCut the bread pieces horizontally in half. Grill the bread cut side down on a grill pan overnmedium high heat until golden, about 2 minutes. Rub the whole garlic cloves over thentoasted side of the bread. Add a slice of mozzarella to bread bottom, spoon the caponata on top, cover with the other bread half and serve.nTo take for a picnic: Wrap the sandwiches separately in plastic wrap or parchment paper. Chill until ready to serve, or keep at room temperature up to 1 hour., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 medium eggplant, cut into 12inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 medium onion, chopped, 114 12ounce can diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons raisins, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 1 loaf ciabatta bread, cut crosswise into 6 equal pieces, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 6 slices 13inchthick drained fresh waterpacked mozzarella], title: Caponata Picnic Sandwiches, picturelink: 6kWjJ7k85u6AHsokzuPTcyfZrT4f6Zq}, 5582: {instructions: Fill a wok or medium saucepan with water, bring to a boil and cook the egg noodles until al dente, about 3 minutes. Drain, then coat with the toasted sesame oil to prevent the noodles from sticking together and set aside.nHeat a wok over high heat and add the vegetable oil. When the wok is smoking, add the garlic and stirfry until fragrant. Add the mushrooms and cook until starting to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Season the mushrooms with the Chinese fivespice powder. Stirfry for 1 minute more, then add the spinach and stirfry for another minute until wilted you can add a few tablespoons of water to help create some steam to cook the spinach if necessary. Toss in the cooked egg noodles, season with the light soy sauce and salt. Garnish with sliced scallions, toasted black and white sesame seeds and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces dried Chinese egg noodles, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups mixed fresh mushrooms shiitake, king trumpet, cremini, button, etc., sliced, Pinch Chinese fivespice powder, One 6ounce bag baby spinach, 1 to 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, Pinch salt, 2 scallions, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 12 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds, 12 tablespoon toasted black sesame seeds], title: Vegetable Chow Mein, picturelink: null}, 5583: {instructions: For the brine: Combine all the ingredients in a large pot, cover, and bring to a boil. Boil for 1 minute, stirring to dissolve the salt. Remove from the heat and cool completely before using.nRinse the chickens and place the chickens in the cold brine and refrigerate overnight or for up to 12 hours. Remove the chicken from the brine and pat the chicken dry, removing any herbs or spices sticking to the skin.nBring the peanut oil to 340 degrees F. in a 6 quart saute pan.nMix the coating ingredients together in a bowl and place the buttermilk in a second container. Just before frying, dip each piece of chicken into the coating, patting off the excess, then into the buttermilk and back into the coating. Place the chicken on a parchment lined sheet tray.nWhen the oil has reached the proper temperature, carefully lower the pieces of dark meat into the oil. The temperature of the oil will decrease. Adjust the heat as necessary to bring the oil to proper temperature. Fry the dark meat for about 13 minutes, to a deep golden brown, cooked throughout and very crisp. Remove the chicken to a tray lined with paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nCarefully add the white meat to the oil and fry for 6 to 7 minutes until cooked.nRemove to the tray, sprinkle with salt and turn off the heat under the oil. Let the chicken rest for a few minutes to cool slightly. It is very hot when it comes out of the oil., ingredients: [1 gallon water, 1 cup kosher salt, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons honey, 12 bay leaves, 1 head of garlic, halved, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, About 12 ounce 1 large bunch thyme sprigs, About 2 ounces 1 large bunch flat leafed parsley sprigs, 5 lemons, halved, Two2 12 pound chickens, each chicken cut up in 8 pieces, 10 cups peanut oil, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 quart buttermilk, Kosher salt], title: Buttermilk Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 5584: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWash sweet potatoes and place in a deep saucepan with cold water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook until tender. Remove from heat, drain and allow to cool enough to handle. Peel off the skin, slice into 12 inch pieces, and set aside.nPlace the bay scallops in a medium bowl and toss gently with the lime juice. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 1 hour.nPlace the coconut on a rimmed baking sheet and toast until golden brown, about 5 minutes, stirring every few minutes so the coconut toasts evenly. Set aside.nDrain the scallops and transfer to a clean bowl. Add the onions, jalapenos, raisins, toasted coconut, coconut milk, chopped cilantro, oregano, and salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 3 hours. Sprinkle with cilantro leaves and the reserved toasted coconut and serve with Canchita on the side.nCanchita, the Unpopped Popcorn of Peru:nHeat the canola or vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes. Add the chulpe corn, cover the pot and reduce the heat to medium. Once you hear the kernels pop like popcorn, shake the pot vigorously to prevent the kernels on the bottom from burning. Once the popping slows, after about 8 to 10 minutes, drain the canchita in a strainer and rub with a paper towel to remove excess oil. Season with salt while the corn is still warm and serve with Scallop Ceviche.nYield: 1 pound unpopped popcornnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 15 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 10 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [4 sweet potatoes, 1 12 pounds bay scallops, 2 14 cups fresh lime juice 11 to 12 limes, 13 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 12 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 jalapenos, seeds removed and thinly sliced in rounds, 14 cup raisins, 12 cup coconut milk, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, plus leaves, for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Sweetened shredded coconut, for garnish, Canchita, recipe follows, 34 cup canola or vegetable oil., 1 pound chulpe corn, Salt], title: Snappy Scallop Ceviche, picturelink: vY9XE2cRa4OT5ULNAsoEseGEJzBOXS.}, 5585: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the cream cheese, Cheddar, Monterey Jack cheese, butter, salsa and some salt and pepper and beat until smooth. Alternatively, mix all the ingredients in a large bowl with a spoon. Reserve 13 cup of the dip and wrap in plastic wrap.nMake 2 balls with the remaining dip, one twice as big as the other, wrap in plastic, and shape into balls. Refrigerate all three portions of the cheese until hardened and cold, 2 to 3 hours.nUnwrap the two balls and coat in the crushed tortilla chips. Place on a platter directly next to each other and make eyes in the smaller ball with 2 olives. To make the legs, arrange 8 green beans to stick out of the spiders side, then place a small ball made out of the reserved 13 cup dip on the end of each bean and connect another bean to each ball to make long legs.nServe with vegetables, crackers or tortilla chips., ingredients: [Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup salsa, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups blue corn chips, finely crushed, 2 olives, 16 green beans, ends trimmed, Cut raw vegetables, tortilla chips or crackers, for serving], title: Cheesy Spider Dip, picturelink: ZTvpzaeB1LSVcjObMsPrWLr3ijmxH3K}, 5586: {instructions: Saute onions until translucent in a large saucepan. Add chicken pieces and saute until golden but not necessarily cooked through. Add coconut milk and stock and bring to a simmer. Once the liquid is simmering, add the peanut butter a spoonful at a time and keep stirring until it is well incorporated. The sauce should be fairly thick stew like, not soup like, so you may need to add more peanut butter or loosen with water depending upon the ingredients you use. Add chopped collardsgreens and cook until very wilted. Season, to taste, with chili pastesambal oelek and salt.nServe over rice or other starch.nTraditional African stiff porridge would be served on the side and used to dip into the sauce with ones hands. Pull off a piece the size of a meatball, use your thumb to make an impression in the porridge and use the divet to scoop up the stew and pop it into your mouth Enjoy., ingredients: [1 onion, diced, 2 to 3 pounds boneless chicken cut into chunks I prefer thigh meat, 12 jar natural peanut butter no sugar or stabilizers added, 1 can coconut milk often in Asian grocery section, 2 quart chicken stock, canned or homemade, 1 large bunch collard or other greens, chopped fairly finely and after removing center ribs frozen, drained greens can be used as a substitute, Sambal oelek, to taste hot chili paste from Asian grocery section, Cooked rice, as an accompaniment], title: African Ground Nut Stew, picturelink: null}, 5587: {instructions: Peel potatoes, one at a time, cut into strips the length of the potato and 38inch wide, letting each fall into cold water. When all the strips are cut, soak 10 minutes in cold water. Drain and pat dry on paper toweling.nHeat shortening or oil to 330 degrees, add potatoes, about 1 cup at a time, and fry 2 minutes until lightly golden and all sputtering stops. Drain on paper toweling. Potatoes can now be held until just before serving. For the second frying, heat fat to 375 degrees, and fry, on third of the potatoes at a time, 5 minutes until crisply golden., ingredients: [3 pounds Idaho or allpurpose potatoes, Shortening or oil for deep fat frying, Salt and pepper], title: FrenchFried Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 5588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, granulated sugar, cornmeal, rosemary, baking powder and salt together in a large bowl. Whisk together the melted coconut oil and eggs in a small bowl and add to the dry ingredients, stirring just until combined. It will look crumbly at first, then sticky. Stir in the white chocolate chips.nHeavily dust your work surface with powdered sugar and turn out the dough. Knead until smooth, then shape into a 10by212inch slightly flattened log and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Bake until golden and firm, 25 to 30 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle, 10 to 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nWhen cool enough to handle, place the dough log on a work surface and cut crosswise with a serrated knife into 13 to 12inchthick pieces to form individual cookies. Put the cookies back on the same baking sheet lying flat. Bake until golden brown and firm, about 30 minutes, flipping halfway through. Let cool before serving. Store in an airtight container for up to 10 days., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup bolted yellow cornmeal, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 3 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil, melted, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, whisked, 13 cup white chocolate chips, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: White Chocolate, Rosemary and Cornmeal Biscotti, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 5589: {instructions: Make the crust: Combine the flour, salt and sugar in a large bowl. Add the butter mix with a pastry blender or your fingers until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Beat the egg yolk and 3 tablespoons ice water in a small bowl work into the dough until the dough holds together without being wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount together: If it is crumbly, add more ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Form into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap refrigerate at least 30 minutes.nRoll out the dough on a lightly floured surface into a 14inch round. Carefully roll up the dough onto the rolling pin this may take a little practice and lay it inside a 9inch springform pan. Press the dough firmly into the bottom and side trim the excess. Put the pan on a sturdy baking sheet and refrigerate until ready to fill.nPrepare the filling: Put a skillet over mediumlow heat and coat with the olive oil. Add the onions and slowly cook, stirring occasionally, until they caramelize, 40 to 45 minutes. Add a couple of tablespoons of water to help the onions break down, if needed. Toss in the ham and cook, stirring, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk the eggs in a large bowl until frothy. Whisk in the cream season with salt and pepper. Arrange the onions and ham in the crust and carefully pour in the eggcream mixture the filling should be about 12 inch from the top. Cover loosely with foil and bake 1 hour, 45 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until the quiche is set but jiggles slightly, about 30 more minutes. Remove to a rack and let cool 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the salad: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil blanch the asparagus until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking, then drain. Slice into small pieces and put in a bowl add the parmesan and herbs. Add the olive oil and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Toss gently to combine.nLoosen the quiche from the pan with a thin metal spatula, then remove the ring. Transfer the quiche to a plate and cut into wedges. Drizzle with olive oil and season with pepper. Top with the salad.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cubed, 1 large egg yolk, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large Vidalia onions, sliced, 34 pound smoked ham, cubed, 8 large eggs, 1 quart heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Kosher salt, 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed, 4 ounces parmesan cheese, shaved with a peeler, 1 cup torn fresh parsley, 12 cup torn fresh mint, 12 cup torn fresh dill, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Juice of 12 lemon, Freshly ground pepper], title: DeepDish Ham Quiche With Herb and Asparagus Salad, picturelink: 2.uaWPVIoRSR0fcos1O6inCRbAWqpW}, 5590: {instructions: Coarsely chop 2 basil leaves and the strawberries, and then muddle in the bottom of a glass. Place the muddled ingredients to a champagne flute, and top with lambrusco. Garnish with a fresh basil leaf., ingredients: [3 fresh basil leaves, 2 strawberries, 4 ounces white lambrusco, or other sweet sparkling white wine], title: The Basil Berry Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 5591: {instructions: In a large frying pan, add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan and toast cubed bread over medium heat until golden brown. Remove from heat, season with salt to taste and reserve.nIn a large bowl add garlic, anchovies, salt and pepper, to taste. Mash with the back of a fork. Whisk in the yolk and lemon juice. Slowly drizzle in oil, whisking until emulsified. Taste and adjust seasoning.nAdd lettuce, cheese, and croutons and toss to combine. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 small ciabatta loaf, cubed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 garlic cloves, pressed, 2 to 3 anchovies, oil drained and rinsed in warm water, 1 egg yolk See Disclaimer, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 heads romaine lettuce hearts, torn into bitesize pieces, 14 cup shaved Asiago cheese], title: Mommy Andersons Caesar, picturelink: nxqtuXWz5HsG2R8nIkS.ldgS1c0.1be}, 5592: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the rub:nCombine all the spices in a small bowl. Brush both sides of the racks with oil and rub with the spice mixture. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 12 hours.nIn a large pot over low heat, add all the mop ingredients. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar is dissolved. Let cool to room temperature.nRemove the ribs from the refrigerator 45 minutes before smoking to allow them to come to room temperature. Add the mix of hickory and applewood chips to the smoker according to package instructions. Heat a smoker to 220 degrees F. Put the apple cider in a small heatproof pan in the smoker.nPut the ribs directly on the smoker rack. Smoke for 6 hours, brushing the ribs with the mop every hour for the first 5 hours. During the last hour, brush the ribs with the North Carolina Barbecue Sauce every 10 minutes. Remove the ribs to a serving platter and serve.nFor the BBQ Sauce:nHeat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a heavybottomed medium saucepan. Add the onions and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the ketchup and water, bring to a boil and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer until thickened, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Cool for about 5 minutes.nCarefully transfer the mixture to a food processor and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, then pour into a bowl and allow to cool at room temperature. Sauce will keep for 1 week in the refrigerator, stored in a tightly sealed container., ingredients: [14 cup ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol, 2 racks St. Louisstyle pork ribs, 12 ribs each, membrane removed, 14 cup canola oil, 2 cups cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon cayenne powder, Few dashes hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Mix of hickory and applewood chips, 1 quart apple cider, North Carolina Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup canola oil, 2 medium Spanish onions, coarsely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 cups ketchup, 23 cup water, 14 cup ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons paprika, 23 cup Dijon mustard, 23 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo, chopped, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons molasses, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smoked Ribs with CarolinaStyle BBQ Sauce, picturelink: eaHTn.CiKKHu91bd7cSKPJS4s6kt4rm}, 5593: {instructions: In a large pot, place meat, carrots, onions, celery, potatoes, tomatoes, garlic, and bay leaf, and add beef stock and wine. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer for about 45 minutes. Mix flour and melted butter in a small bowl and add to stew to thicken. Add thyme, rosemary, and salt and pepper, and continue to simmer until meat is fork tender, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound lean caribou, diced medium can be replaced by or combined with beef or venison, 4 large carrots, peeled and diced medium, 2 large onions, peeled and diced medium, 3 stalks celery, well scrubbed and diced medium, 2 potatoes, peeled and diced medium, 3 large tomatoes, diced medium, 3 cloves garlic, chopped fine, 1 bay leaf, 1 quart beef stock, 1 12 cups red wine or beef stock, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 ounces 1 stick melted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Caribou Stew, picturelink: Lpb2LvqjLYQHBiKWJs44NJxyGDlbHES}, 5594: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a mixing bowl and mix together completely. Chill for 1 to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 cup stone ground mustard, 13 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons cilantro, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin], title: Cilantro Lime Mustard, picturelink: null}, 5595: {instructions: Stir together first 5 ingredients in a medium bowl. Set aside.nPlace chicken, skin side down, between 2 sheets of heavyduty plastic wrap flatten to 14inch thickness, using a mallet or rolling pin.nSpread 14 of cream cheese mixture on skinless side of each chicken breast half top with 1 piece of bacon. Roll up chicken, jellyroll fashion, lifting skin and tucking roll under skin.nWhisk together egg and milk in a bowl. Combine baking mix, Creole seasoning, and pepper in a shallow dish. Dip chicken rolls in egg mixture dredge in baking mix mixture.nPour oil to depth of 2 inches in a large skillet heat to 350 degrees F. Fry chicken rolls, in batches, 10 to 12 minutes or until dark brown and done, turning chicken rolls often. Drain on a wire rack over paper towels.nSpoon 14 cup Roasted Red PepperandVidalia Onion Gravy on each of 4 individual serving plates top with 1 chicken roll. Drizzle with remaining gravy.nDice 1 onion half set aside.nCut remaining onion half into slices. Place onion slices and bell pepper, cut sides down, on a baking sheet lined with nonstick aluminum foil drizzle with oil, and sprinkle with salt.nBroil onion slices and bell pepper halves 5 inches from heat about 10 minutes or until bell pepper looks blistered. Place bell pepper halves in a ziptop freezer bag seal and let stand 10 minutes to loosen skin. Peel bell pepper halves, and dice 1 half. Reserve diced bell pepper and remaining half. Dice roasted onion, and set aside.nMelt butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add reserved diced raw onion, and saute 10 minutes or until onion begins to brown. Stir in flour cook, stirring constantly, 5 minutes, or until flour mixture is caramelcolored. Stir in chicken broth and Creole seasoning. Reduce heat to medium, and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened.nProcess gravy mixture and reserved bell pepper half in a blender until smooth, stopping to scrape down sides.nCombine gravy mixture, reserved diced roasted bell pepper, diced roasted onion, basil, and black pepper., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 cup dry chickenflavored stuffing mix, 12 cup 2 ounces finely shredded Romano cheese, 12 cup chopped Vidalia onion, 14 cup minced fresh basil leaves, 4 large boned chicken breast halves with skin, 4 readytoserve bacon slices, 1 large egg, 1 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose baking mix, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, 1 teaspoon black pepper, Canola oil, Roasted Red PepperandVidalia Onion Gravy, recipe follows, 1 large Vidalia onion, halved vertically, 1 large sweet red bell pepper, halved and seeded, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Nonstick aluminum foil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken broth, 2 teaspoons Creole seasoning, 2 tablespoons minced fresh basil leaves, Black pepper], title: SouthernFried Stuffed Chicken with Roasted Red PepperandVidalia Onion Gravy, picturelink: null}, 5596: {instructions: Toast walnuts in a small dry skillet over medium heat it will take about 3 minutes.nIn a small saucepan, combine Champagne, cranberry sauce, shallots, Dijon mustard and oil. Whisk together. Set pan over high heat and bring to a boil. Simmer until reduced to about 13 cup about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and season to taste with salt and black pepper.nPlace greens in a large bowl. Top with pears, toasted walnuts and dried cranberries. Drizzle over cranberry vinaigrette just before serving., ingredients: [12 cup halved walnuts, 12 cup Champagne, 12 cup canned jellied cranberry sauce, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 6 cups mixed lettuce greens, 2 pears, cored and diced, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Pear, Toasted Walnut and Mixed Green Salad with ChampagneCranberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: uYm06JathviLX8nl1voZSRE03HsUYtm}, 5597: {instructions: Steam the clams in the stock. Remove the clams, chop the meat, and reserve. Strain the steaming liquid through cheesecloth. Reserve. Render the bacon. Add the onions and celery and saute until transulent. Add the stock, potatoes, sage, thyme, bay leaves, tobasco and worcesterchire. Simmer until the potatoes are tender. Combine the evaporated skimmed milk and the arrowroot. Gradually stir this mixture into the soup and continue to simmer for a few minutes, until thickened. Add the scallions. Add the reserved chopped clams and fresh herbs just before serving., ingredients: [16 cherrystone clams, fresh, in the shell, 2 cups fish stock, 1 strip bacon, julienne, 14 cup onions, medium diced, 14 cup celery, medium diced, 12 cup Idaho potatoes, peeled, medium dice, 1 sage leaf, fresh, 14 teaspoon thyme, dried leaves, 1 bay leaf, 3 drops tobasco sauce, 12 teaspoon white worcestershire sauce, 12 cup evaporated skimmed milk, 2 tablespoons arrowroot, 14 cup scallions, sliced, Chives, fresh, sliced, Parsley, fresh, chopped], title: Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 5598: {instructions: Bring the milk, cream, and cocoa powder to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. When it reaches a boil, remove from the heat, and add the ganache. Let sit for 1 minute, then stir well until combined, about 4 minutes. Stir in the Tia Maria or vanilla.nServe the hot chocolate right away as is or store it covered in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks. It can be reheated easily on the stovetop or in the microwave. If you wish, top with whipped cream and chocolate shavings.nCan deep, dark, intense, rich, velvety smooth chocolate be a spiritual experience It certainly is heavenly when mixed with cream. Praise the pastry angels and pass the bonbonsnThis is the basic ganache recipe. Use it for truffles, tarts, fillings, you name it. Follow the same technique when adjusting the recipe for firm and soft ganache. An alternative food processor method is given, which can be applied to any ganache recipe in this chapter.nMy desire is not only to introduce you to ganache but also to make it a staple in your refrigerator. As long as you dont eat it all as a midnight snack, it can be available to help you throw together dessert at a moments notice.n8 ounces bittersweet chocolaten1 cup heavy creamnUsing a serrated knife, finely chop the chocolate into 14inch pieces. Dont be lazy here. Big chunks will not melt.nTraditional method: Place the chocolate in a medium heatproof bowl. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Boiling means the cream will actually rise up in the pan and threaten to boil over.nImmediately pour the boiling cream over the chopped chocolate. Tap the bowl on the counter to settle the chocolate into the cream, then let it sit for 1 minute. Using a rubber spatula, slowly stir in a circular motion, starting from the center of the bowl, and working out to the sides. Be careful not to add too much air to the ganache. Stir until all the chocolate is melted, about 2 minutes. It may look done after 1 minute of stirring, but keep going to be sure its emulsified.nFood processor method: Place the chopped chocolate in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat or bring to a boil in the microwave.nImmediately pour the hot cream into the food processor, on top of the chocolate. Let sit for 1 minute, then pulse the machine 3 times. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula and pulse 3 more times, until all the chocolate is melted. This smooth, silky chocolate is now ganache. Transfer the ganache to a bowl.nLet the ganache sit at room temperature until it cools to 70 degrees F. In a 65 degree F room, this will take approximately 4 hours or 2 hours in the refrigerator. You can speed up the process by pouring the ganache out onto a clean baking sheet thinner layers cool faster. Once the ganache reaches 70 degrees F, it is ready to be used. At this point it can be covered and stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.nYield: 2 cupsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 10 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 2 to 4 hoursnEase of preparation: Easy, ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 12 cup cream, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 recipe Master Ganache, recipe follows, using 2 cups cream instead of 1, 12 teaspoon Tia Maria or vanilla extract, Whipped cream, for serving, Chocolate shavings, for serving], title: Campton Place Hot Chocolate, picturelink: C7adFZZgERBrUX7essSVAJhuWnYcDS}, 5599: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, reduce 1 cup of champagne to approximately 14 cup of liquid. Add the cream and reduce mixture to 1 cup of liquid. Add butter and stir until butter melts and thickens the mixture. Toss in shucked oysters and remove from heat. Place one oyster and some sauce in each saved shell. Garnish with chives and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup champagne, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 14 cup butter, 1 dozen fresh Atlantic oysters, preferably Blue Point, shucked and shelled save shells for refilling], title: Oysters in Champagne Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5600: {instructions: Scrub the potatoes and bake them in a 400 degree oven for one hour or until done.nWhile the potatoes are baking, prepare the filling. Saute the onion and carrots in the oil or ghee until they are tender, for about 10 minutes. Add the bell pepper and spices and continue to saute for another minute or two, stirring. Add a little water to the pan to prevent sticking, cover it, and cook for another 5 minutes, or until the bell pepper is just tender. Stir in the cream cheese and add salt and pepper to taste. Set aside.nWhen the potatoes are baked and cool enough to handle, make a lengthwise cut in the top of each one and scoop out a least half of the contents. If you are using large potatoes, cut them in half lengthwise and scoop them out, leaving about 12 inch of potato clinging to the skin. Mash the scoopedout potato and then add it to the vegetablecream cheese mixture. Lower the oven heat to 350 degrees. Fill the potato shells with this mixture and place them in an oiled baking dish. Cover with foil and bake for 20 minutes.nServe topped with Spicy Yogurt Sauce., ingredients: [4 medium or 2 large baking potatoes, 1 cup chopped onions, 34 cup diced carrots, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil or ghee, 34 cup chopped red or green bell pepper 1 medium, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 18 teaspoon ground cardamom, Pinch of ground cloves, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Spicy Yogurt Sauce see below], title: North Indian Baked Stuffed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 5601: {instructions: In a 10 to 12inch heavy skillet cook sausage over moderately high heat, stirring and breaking up lumps with a fork, until no longer pink. Transfer sausage with a slotted spoon to a large bowl.nAdd butter to fat remaining in skillet and cook onions, chopped fennel, fennel seeds, and salt to taste over moderate heat, stirring until fennel is softened, about 10 minutes. Add aperitif, thyme, and tarragon and cook, stirring, until most liquid is evaporated. Add mixture to sausage with corn bread or packaged stuffing and toss to combine well. Season stuffing with salt and pepper and cool completely. Stuffing may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. To prevent bacterial growth do not stuff turkey cavities ahead., ingredients: [1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casing discarded, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 mediumlarge onions, chopped fine, 1 12 pounds fennel bulbs sometimes called anise, about 2 medium, stalks trimmed flush with bulbs and bulbs chopped fine about 4 12 cups, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, chopped fine, 14 cup Pernod or other aniseflavored aperitif, 2 teaspoons dried thyme, crumbled, 2 teaspoons dried tarragon, crumbled, 5 cups corn bread for stuffing or packaged corn bread stuffing], title: Sausage Fennel Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 5602: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the lime juice, jerk seasoning, vinegar, soy sauce, lime zest, and jalapeno. Add monkfish and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for 10 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 2 teaspoons of the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pineapple and cook, shaking the pan, until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and set aside. Repeat with the snow peas, followed by the red peppers, mango and carrot cook for 3 to 4 minutes, placing the ingredients in the bowl as theyre done and adding another teaspoon of oil, if needed.nRemove the monkfish from the marinade and pat dry. Wipe out the skillet with paper towels, taking care as the pan is very hot. Heat the remaining oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the fish and cook, shaking the pan from time to time, until nicely browned and just cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes.nReturn the vegetablefruit mixture to the pan with the fish and cook, stirring gently just to combine, until heated through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve immediately over wild rice., ingredients: [14 cup lime juice, 3 tablespoons dry jerk seasoning mix, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon grated lime zest, 1 jalapeno, seeded, and finely chopped, 1 12 pounds monkfish fillet, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 5 teaspoons peanut oil, 2 cups diced fresh pineapple 12 to 34inch pieces, 1 cup snow peas, 2 cups red bell pepper strips 1 12 by 12inch pieces, 2 cups diced fresh mango 12 to 34inch pieces, 1 cup carrot strips 1 12 by 14inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestion: cooked wild rice], title: Janettes Jerk Monkfish StirFry, picturelink: null}, 5603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the raisins and 2 tablespoons of rum in a bowl, cover with plastic wrap, and place in the microwave on high for 1 minute. Uncover and set aside to cool.nBeat the egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on high speed for 5 minutes, until very thick and light yellow. Lower the speed to low and mix in the mascarpone until smooth. With the mixer still on low, add 12 cup of rum, 14 cup of orange juice, the vanilla extract, and the seeds from the vanilla bean. Stir until combined.nPour the remaining 12 cup of rum and remaining 12 cup of orange juice in a shallow bowl. Dip one side of each ladyfinger quickly in the rum mixture and place them in one layer in a 9 by 11 by 2inch rectangular or oval dish. Break the ladyfingers in smaller pieces and dip them in the rum mixture to fill the spaces. Sprinkle half the rumsoaked raisins evenly on top. Pour half the mascarpone mixture over and spread evenly. Repeat the layers of dipped ladyfingers, rumsoaked raisins, and mascarpone mixture. Smooth the top, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 6 hours, but preferably overnight.nBefore serving, sprinkle the top with the shaved chocolate and serve cold., ingredients: [34 cup raisins, 1 cup Mount Gay dark rum, divided, plus 2 tablespoons, 6 extralarge egg yolks, at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 16 to 18 ounces Italian mascarpone cheese, 34 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, divided 2 oranges, 1 12 teaspoons good vanilla extract, Seeds scraped from 1 vanilla bean, 24 to 30 Italian ladyfingers, or savoiardi, Semisweet chocolate, shaved], title: Rum Raisin Tiramisu, picturelink: VI2mz5Z4EsHJf7iUWUJPDF1nv1XQ.pq}, 5604: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the ham in a heavy roasting pan.nMince the garlic in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the marmalade, mustard, brown sugar, orange zest, and orange juice and process until smooth. Pour the glaze over the ham and bake for 1 hour, until the ham is fully heated and the glaze is well browned. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 to 16pound fully cooked, spiralcut smoked ham on the bone, 6 garlic cloves, 8 12 ounces orange marmalade, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 orange, zested, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice], title: Orange Baked Ham, picturelink: 4OnRAvOJr2DSO43PShJA1yMBzmNi8O}, 5605: {instructions: Special equipment: a 14inch dowel and a disposable pastry bagnFor the chocolate wafer mix: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone baking mats.nMix the egg whites, flour, powdered sugar and cocoa powder in a small mixing bowl until well combined. Add the melted butter and mix well. Spread the mixture into 4inchdiameter rounds on the prepared baking sheets. Bake for 4 to 5 minutes, then use a spatula to roll them on a 14inch dowel to form pipes.nFor the mint mojito filling: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Blanch the mint leaves in the boiling water for 2 minutes, then transfer them to a saucepan with the heavy cream and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and allow the mint to steep in the cream for 20 minutes strain the heavy cream and discard the mint. Heat the cream, glucose and lime zest in the saucepan until the mixture comes to a boil. Pour over the white chocolate in a heatproof bowl and let the mixture stand for 5 minutes. Blend using a handheld blender until well incorporated. Add the rum and butter and mix well.nFor the marzipan: Color the marzipan with the food coloring to get a light brown shade.nFill a disposable pastry bag with the mint mojito filling. Pipe the filling into the chocolate cigar wafers and refrigerate until the filling is firm, about 20 minutes. Take dimesize pieces of the marzipan and roll them flat. Using a fork, make indentations to resemble brooms. Attach the marzipan brooms to the filled chocolate wafers using melted dark chocolate, then dust with cocoa powder., ingredients: [12 cup egg whites, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon glucose, Zest of 1 lime, 1 cup chopped white chocolate, 2 tablespoons white rum, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 5 ounces marzipan, Brown food coloring, Melted dark chocolate, for decorating, Cocoa powder, for dusting], title: Mint Mojito Witchs Broom, picturelink: null}, 5606: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the steaks: Process the mushrooms in a spice grinder until they form a powder place it in a jar. Process the salt and peppercorns in the same grinder and add it to the mushroom powder. Process the sugar in the grinder and add it to the mushroom mix. Process the garlic and red pepper flakes in the grinder, add it to the mix and shake it all up.nPlace the mixture on a sheet pan and coat all sides of the steaks with the rub.nLightly coat a grill pan with olive oil and heat it over mediumhigh heat. Place the steaks on the hot pan and cook for 7 minutes on each side. Allow the steaks to rest on a platter while you make the salad.nFor the salad: Put the arugula in a bowl and toss with the lemon juice. Slice the steaks crosswise.nPlace the salad on a platter and arrange the sliced steak on top. Sprinkle OvenDried Cherry Tomatoes over the steak and drizzle with balsamic vinegar before serving.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes in a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt, black pepper and pepper flakes, if using. Toss well and place on a sheet pan in a single layer. Place the sheet pan in the oven and roast for 3 hours, tossing occasionally., ingredients: [14 cup dried porcini mushrooms, broken up, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons whole black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic or minced garlic, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, Three 1 12inchthick ribeye steaks, Olive oil, for the pan, 6 ounces baby arugula, Juice of one lemon, OvenDried Tomatoes, recipe follows, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in half, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Crushed red pepper flakes, optional], title: RibEye Steaks with Porcini Rub, picturelink: hSLImr5.xTiSWkquk1S14k.5Dh4hG0O}, 5607: {instructions: Special equipment: Small paintbrushnFor the antennae: Unroll the licorice and cut into twelve 1 14inchlong pieces. Separate the two strands of each licorice piece, leaving them attached at one end. Roll 2 small 14inch balls of green fondant for each pair of antennae and attach the balls to one end of the licorice. Enclose the remaining fondant in plastic wrap so it does not dry out. Repeat with the remaining pairs of antennae. Set aside to dry.nFor the head and body: Roll seven 12inch balls of green fondant. Take one ball and attach a pair of antennae by sticking the licorice into it. With a small brush, dab a little water to moisten the top and attach 2 yellow sprinkles for eyes. Add pupils to the eyes by dipping a skewer into the melted chocolate and make small dots on the yellow sprinkles. Gently press the 6 remaining balls together to form the body of the caterpillar, and curve them to make it look wiggly. Moisten the top of an end ball and affix the caterpillars head. Repeat to make 11 more caterpillars. Allow them to dry 20 minutes.nTo assemble: Frost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons buttercream. Place the cookie crumbs in a small bowl invert the cupcakes into the crumbs and press gently to adhere. Top each cupcake with a caterpillar and press them gently into the cookie dirt to adhere. Garnish with fondant grass if desired., ingredients: [Black licorice spirals, such as Haribo for the antennae, Greentinted fondant for the antennae tips and caterpillar head and body, 24 yellow flat round sprinkles for the eyes, 1 tablespoon semisweet chocolate chips, melted for the pupils, 2 GoTo Chocolate Cupcakes, 1 12 cups Chocolate American Buttercream, 23 cup chocolate wafer cookies, ground in a food processor, Fondant grass, for garnish, if desired], title: Caterpillar Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 5608: {instructions: Combine the whisky, schnapps and vodka in a cocktail shaker. Fill the shaker with ice, shake for eight to ten seconds and strain into a cocktail glass.nPour the rum into a snifter. Carefully ignite and slowly pour the flaming rum over the cocktail so that it floats on top. Serve., ingredients: [1 ounce Canadian whisky, 12 ounce butterscotch schnapps, 12 ounce pear vodka, 12 ounce highproof rum, such as Bacardi 151], title: Will Call, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 5609: {instructions: Start a day ahead: Season the pork liberally with salt, cover and refrigerate overnight.nMake the pickled vegetables a day ahead, too: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add the carrots and celery root and cook until just wilted, about 1 minute. Drain and run under cold water. Bring the vinegar, garlic, jalapeno, bay leaf, dill, sugar, 1 tablespoon salt and 34 cup water to a boil in a saucepan. Remove from the heat and add the carrots and celery root. Let cool, then transfer the vegetables and liquid to a container and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, make the cabbage: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, until softened, 5 minutes. Add the cabbage and cider and cook, stirring, until the cabbage is crisptender, 10 to 15 minutes.nDrain the pickled carrots and celery root discard the garlic, jalapeno, bay leaf and dill. Add the pickled vegetables to the cabbage and cook 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in the mustard and season with salt. Let cool.nRemove the pork from the refrigerator and let stand 30 minutes. Preheat a grill to high and allow the grate to get hot on a charcoal grill, spread the coals over half the grill on a gas grill, preheat the burners on one side.nBrush the pork with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Grill directly over the heat, turning to sear on all sides, about 15 minutes. Move to the cooler side of the grill, cover and cook until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 145 degrees F, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let the pork rest 5 to 10 minutes, then slice into chops and serve with the cabbage.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 6pound centercut rack of pork not frenched, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups julienned carrots, 1 12cups julienned peeled celery root, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 jalapeno pepper, halved lengthwise, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh dill, 1 tablespoon sugar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 small head green cabbage about 2 pounds, shredded, 1 cup hard cider, 1 teaspoon wholegrain mustard], title: Grilled Rack of Pork With Cabbage, picturelink: AxIWz.AoSvh02l.cZqnzWFzScEO6lSO}, 5610: {instructions: Preheat the oven or toaster oven to 375 degrees F. Line a small sheet pan with parchment paper or foil and set aside.nPoke the sweet potatoes all over with a fork. Microwave the sweet potatoes until they feel soft when gently squeezed, 5 to 6 minutes. Allow to cool slightly. Cut in half lengthwise, creating oblong shapes. Select the nicest two halves for using as the base. Scoop them with a teaspoon, leaving a 14inch border and placing the pulp in a mixing bowl. Place the bases on the lined sheet pan. Scoop out the other two halves completely and add the pulp to the mixing bowl, discarding the skins. Add the white scallions, coconut oil, paprika, 18 teaspoon salt and some freshly ground black pepper. Mash with a fork until smooth. Using a teaspoon, fill the two bases with the mashed sweet potatoes. Smooth with the back of the spoon. Sprinkle with feta and bake until the cheese begins to brown, about 17 minutes.nSprinkle with the green scallions and additional smoked paprika., ingredients: [2 medium orangefleshed sweet potatoes about 8 ounces each, 2 scallions, white parts finely chopped, green parts thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons virgin coconut oil, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons crumbled feta cheese or blue cheese], title: 5Ingredient TwiceBaked Sweet Potatoes with Feta, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 5611: {instructions: Sandwich the chicken breasts between two pieces of plastic wrap and pound them out until just under 12inch thick all over. Whisk together 1 cup of the yogurt, 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice, 2 teaspoons of the curry powder, 1 teaspoon of the grated ginger, 12 teaspoon of the grated garlic and 2 teaspoons salt in a medium bowl. Transfer half of the yogurt marinade to another medium bowl. Cut 5 diagonal shallow slits on both sides of each chicken breast and place them in one of the bowls. Place the cauliflower florets in the other bowl. Toss both to coat, and then marinate at room temperature for 15 minutes.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan set over medium heat. Add the rice, the remaining 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 teaspoon ginger and 1 teaspoon garlic, and stir until fragrant and the rice is yellow, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and stir for about 30 seconds. Add 2 34 cups water, the lemon zest strips and 1 tablespoon salt. Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low. Give the rice a quick stir to scrape up any bits stuck on the bottom. Cover and cook until the rice is tender and absorbs the liquid, 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, then fluff the rice with a fork and cover again for 5 minutes. Then remove and discard the lemon zest.nMix together 1 tablespoon of the cilantro, the cucumber, the remaining 1 cup yogurt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl.nPreheat a broiler with a rack set 4 inches from the heating element. Line two small baking sheets or skillets with foil. Place the chicken on one baking sheet and the cauliflower on the other. Broil until the chicken is charred in spots, firm and has no visible pinkness inside, and the cauliflower is charred and tender, 10 to 12 minutes, flipping the chicken and tossing the cauliflower halfway through. Slice the chicken breasts and sprinkle lightly with salt.nDivide the rice among four bowls. Top each with some chicken, cauliflower, cucumberyogurt sauce, lemon wedges and the remaining chopped cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 English cucumber, seeded and diced, Lemon wedges, for serving, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 12 ounces total, 2 cups plain wholefat yogurt, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 teaspoons curry powder, 2 teaspoons finely grated ginger, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated garlic, Kosher salt, 4 cups bitesize cauliflower florets about 8 ounces, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups basmati or other longgrain rice, 14 cup tomato paste, 4 wide strips lemon zest], title: Tandoori Chicken and Cauliflower Rice Bowl, picturelink: WQ2gmO8mwxk9IxrKnogsHIS69E8OyNq}, 5612: {instructions: To make tempura batter, mix the flour, cornstarch, and baking powder in a large bowl and add seltzer in a stream while whisking constantly. Season with salt and pepper.nHeat canola oil to 375 degrees F in a deep fryer. Spread coconut on a utility platter. Place slices of cheese on a slotted spoon and ladle tempura batter over. Deepfry in the basket of a deepfryer until golden brown, briefly drain then transfer to the plate of coconut so that the coconut will stick to the surface while the batter is freshly fried and still hot.nServe with small skewers or cocktail toothpicks., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 4 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 ounces cold seltzer, Salt and pepper, 1 quart canola oil approximately, as needed for deep frying, 1 cup shredded coconut, 1 pound halfmoon Colby cheese cut into approximately 28 mini wedges], title: Fried Colby Cheese Rolled in Coconut, picturelink: null}, 5613: {instructions: Discard tough lower third of broccoli stem. Peel remaining stems and finely chop. Cut remaining broccoli into very small 1inch florets. Cook florets in a large pot of boiling salted water, until just tender, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water to stop cooking, then drain. Reserve 3 cups cooking water for chowder.nPeel potato and cut into 12inch cubes. Cook potato, onion, bell pepper, broccoli stems, and garlic in butter in a 3 to 4quart heavy pot over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened 8 to 10 minutes. Add cumin, salt, pepper, and mustard and cook, stirring 1 minute. Add flour and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add reserved cooking water and simmer partially covered, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in cream and cheese and cook, stirring, until cheese is melted, then season with salt and pepper.nPuree about 2 cups of chowder in a blender until smooth use caution when blending hot liquids and return to pot. Add florets and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 small head broccoli 12 pound, 1 large boiling potato 12 pound, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 large garlic clove, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 34 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces sharp Cheddar, coarsely grated 1 12 cups], title: Broccoli, Red Pepper, and Cheddar Chowder, picturelink: null}, 5614: {instructions: Combine 2 12 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons thyme and sage in a food processor, pulsing until combined. Add in 2 sticks butter, 4 tablespoons at a time, pulsing after each addition until mixture forms coarse texture. Slowly add in 6 to 8 tablespoons cold water while machine is running, 2 tablespoons at a time until dough balls up in processor to one side. Remove dough onto a lightly floured board, cut in half and form into 2 8inch rounds. Wrap each tightly with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator. Chill for 30 minutes prior to rolling out. Repeat to make second batch of dough.nTo prepare the filling:nIn large saute pan, melt butter over medium heat add onions, shallot and celery. Saute until just starting to brown. Stir in flour and saute for 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in hot stock, stirring well. When bubbly and thickened, about 5 to 6 minutes, stir in chopped chicken, carrots and peas, and sage. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Remove from heat. Let cool while rolling out dough.nTo assemble pies:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. On lightly floured board, cut the rounds of dough in half. Roll pieces into 6inch rounds, about 14inch thickness. Place a round in the bottom of 4 aluminum pie pans and lightly press the sides and bottom to fit the shape of the pans. Generously top with filling until full and slightly mounded. Top with second piece of crust and pinch seams together. Cut 2 small slits in top. Brush with egg wash. Place on a baking sheet and bake for 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes or until tops are golden brown and filling is bubbling., ingredients: [5 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for board, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons dried thyme, 4 teaspoons dried sage, 4 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into 1 tablespoon pieces, 12 to 16 tablespoons cold water, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 sweet onion, diced, 1 medium shallot, diced, 5 celery stalks, diced, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups hot chicken stock, 1 rotisserie chicken, meat removed and chopped, 2 cups frozen diced carrots and peas, 2 teaspoons dried sage, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, whisked, for egg wash, Special equipment: 4 5inch aluminum pot pie pans, To prepare the crust:], title: Bird in a Pie, picturelink: null}, 5615: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Lemongrass Pork Tenderloin Skewers: Suon Nuong Xa, picturelink: null}, 5616: {instructions: Spread the beef out on a baking sheet and season generously with salt and pepper. Dredge the beef in the flour. Transfer the beef to a fine mesh strainer and shake off any excess flour.nHeat a large Dutch oven with a tightfitting lid over high heat. Pour in enough oil to reach about 13 of an inch up the sides. Add half of the beef and cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until wellbrowned, about 6 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a plate, leaving the oil in the Dutch oven. Repeat with the remaining beef. Drain the oil and wipe out the pan.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Return the Dutch oven to mediumhigh heat, and add the remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Saute the onion, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, paprika, and caraway and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and simmer, stirring, until thickened, about 2 minutes more. Add the beef and water, cover, and bring to a boil. Using a piece of kitchen twine, tie together the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf and add to the pot. Braise in the oven, covered, until the beef is tender, about 1 12 hours.nRemove from the oven and set aside for 5 minutes. Skim the fat from the surface of cooking liquid with a ladle. Bring to a simmer, uncovered, on top of the stove, stirring occasionally, until liquid has thickened, about 20 minutes. Stir in the sour cream and continue to simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has reduced to a saucelike consistency and the beef is very tender, about 20 minutes more. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon salt and season with pepper to taste. Remove and discard the herb bundle.nDivide among bowls and serve with Buttered Egg Noodles with Parsley, rice, or sauerkraut. Pass sour cream at the table.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and salt generously. Add the noodles and cook until al dente, tender but not mushy.nMeanwhile, ladle 14 cup of the noodle cooking water into a medium skillet. Set the skillet over low heat and, while whisking constantly, gradually add the butter, piece by piece, let each piece of butter melt into the sauce before adding the next bit until a smooth sauce has formed. Stir in the parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the lemon zest if desired.nDrain the noodles in a colander in the sink and leave whatever water clings to themdo not rinse. Transfer the noodles to a large bowl, add the sauce, and toss until wellcoated. Serve.nYield: about 4 to 6 side dish servings, ingredients: [2 pounds beef chuck, cut into 2inch cubes, patted dry, Kosher salt, as needed, plus 1 tablespoon, Freshly ground black pepper, Flour for dredging, Vegetable oil for searing, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon hot paprika, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 cups whole, peeled, canned tomatoes with puree, roughly chopped, 4 cups cold water, 3 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons sour cream, plus more for the table, Buttered Egg Noodles with Parsley, 12 ounces wide egg noodles, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces and chilled, 3 tablespoons minced flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more as needed, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon grated lemon zest optional], title: Goulash, picturelink: null}, 5617: {instructions: In a punch bowl, combine eggnog, dark rum and white chocolate liqueur. Stir and dust with pumpkin pie spice., ingredients: [2 1quart containers store bought eggnog, 2 cups dark rum, 2 cups white chocolate liqueur, Pumpkin pie spice, garnish], title: Sandras Eggnog, picturelink: null}, 5618: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nTo make the crust: Sift the flour, sugar, salt, and cinnamon into a mediumsize mixing bowl. Using a pastry cutter or your fingers, work the butter into the flour mixture until coarse crumbs form. Mixing with a fork, add ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, just until the dough holds together. Press the dough into a ball and divide in 12. Flatten each piece into a disk, wrap in waxed paper and refrigerate for 1 hour.nTo make the filling: Put the raisins in a mediumsize bowl and pierce them with a fork so they will soak up the rum. Pour rum over raisins and let stand at least 1 hour. Strain, return raisins to the bowl and stir in pie filling. Set aside.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out 1 piece of dough and fit it into a 9inch pie plate. Pour in the filling and sprinkle the gelatin over the top. Roll out the remaining dough, fit it over the top of the pie, pinching the edges together to seal. Trim and crimp the edges. Pierce the top of the pie in a few places with a fork to make steam vents.nBake for 10 minutes and then reduce oven to 325 degrees F. and bake until crust is browned, about 45 minutes. Place on a rack to cool. If using icing, heat it in the microwave just until melted, then drizzle over the pie. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for rolling dough, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 cup cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 14 cup ice water, as needed, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup rum, 1 21ounce can prepared apple pie filling, 1 3ounce package strawberry flavored gelatin 12 cup, 2 tablespoons prepared vanilla icing, optional], title: Christinas Apple Rum Raisin Pie, picturelink: null}, 5619: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large pot, bring several quarts of salted water to a boil. Add noodles and cook until very al dente, 7 minutes. Remove from water and place on a towel lined baking sheet.nPlace the olive oil, onion and red pepper in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Saute until the vegetables begin to sweat, about 5 minutes. Add ground turkey, turkey sausage, garlic and Essence, stirring to combine until turkey cooks through, about 10 minutes. Add marinara sauce bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes. Remove from heat.nIn a large bowl, combine 1 12 cups mozzarella and remaining ingredients and set aside.nSpray a 13 by 9inch baking dish with cooking spray. Spread 1 cup turkey mixture in bottom of the dish and arrange 4 noodles over turkey mixture top with 1 12 cups turkey mixture. Spread half of cheese mixture over turkey mixture. Repeat layers, ending with the remaining turkey mixture.nCover and bake for 45 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining 1 12 cups mozzarella cheese, and bake, uncovered, for 20 minutes.nLet lasagna stand 10 to 15 minutes before serving.nCombine all ingredients thoroughly., ingredients: [12 wholewheat lasagna noodles, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup chopped onion, 1 chopped red pepper, 1 pound ground turkey breast, white meat only, 12 pound hot Italian turkey sausage, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon Essence, recipe follows, 3 12 cups prepared marinara sauce, 3 cups shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, divided, 2 cups part skim ricotta, 2 cups thawed and drained chopped frozen spinach, 14 cup grated Romano, 2 egg whites, 12 cup chopped basil leaves, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 12 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon dried thyme], title: Turkey and Spinach Lasagna, picturelink: ZmWOjpMS4NcnrMOlYFCH4CZG9iipYPW}, 5620: {instructions: Add enough oil to fill a large, heavy Dutch oven a third of the way and heat to 350 degrees F.nAdd the sausage, Parmesan, 1 tablespoon parsley and the red pepper flakes to a bowl and mix well. Add to a piping bag with a plain tip.nDrain the olives and dry them very well with paper towels or a clean tea towel. Pipe the sausage filling into each olive.nAdd the flour to a casserole dish and season with salt and pepper. In a second casserole dish, beat the eggs. In a third casserole dish, add the breadcrumbs, the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley, season with salt and pepper and whisk together.nDredge each stuffed olive first through the flour, shaking to remove any excess, then through the egg and then into the breadcrumbs. Pack the breadcrumbs around each olive if necessary. Add to a clean plate. You can refrigerate them now if you are prepping for a party.nFry the olives, in batches, until golden and crisp and the pork is cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove to a paper towellined plate., ingredients: [Canola oil, for deep frying, 2 links Italian pork sausage, casings removed, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Small pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 40 pitted large green olives, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, 2 cups plain dried breadcrumbs], title: Fried Tuscan Olives, picturelink: null}, 5621: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRub lamb loin with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil then sprinkle with Roasted Garlic Pepper. Wrap bacon around lamb loin and secure with toothpicks. Heat a skillet over high heat. Sear bacon wrapped lamb on all sides until golden brown. Remove toothpicks and strips of bacon. Since the powerful flavor of the bacon can be overwhelming to lamb we will only use its imparted flavor from the searing process. The bacon strips can be discarded or cooked until crispy and reserved in the refrigerator for a short time to use as a garnish on a future Cobb salad or the like.nPlace lamb in oven and roast until medium rare, an internal temperature of 125 degrees F. Since the lamb will continue to cook for 5 to 8 minutes after you have removed it from the oven  carryover cooking  the meat thermometer will continue to rise to that period of time. So, the idea is to pull the lamb out at an internal temperature of 120 degrees F, so it ultimately ends up where you want it for medium rare. Let meat rest, then cut into 14inch thick slices.nTo make the tomato hash, heat the remaining tablespoon of olive oil in a skillet over medium low heat and gently cook the onion and garlic until the onion becomes translucent. Stir in the diced tomatoes and chives remove from the heat. Crumble in the cheese and allow it to melt.nPlace a piece of lamb on each slice of baguette, top with some of the tomato hash and mint leaves., ingredients: [2 pounds trimmed lamb loin, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper, 12 pound sliced bacon, 1 red onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 large tomatoes, seeds removed and diced, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 3 ounces soft herbed cheese or goat cheese recommended: Boursin, 1 baguette, cut into 24 slices and lightly toasted, 14 cup mint leaves, finely chopped], title: GarlicPepper Crusted Seared Lamb Loin with Tomato Hash served on Crostini, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 5622: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nArrange the tomatoes on a sheet pan, cut sides up, in a single layer. Drizzle with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Sprinkle the garlic, sugar, salt, and pepper over the tomatoes. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes, until the tomatoes are concentrated and beginning to caramelize. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise, cores and seeds removed, 4 tablespoons good olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted Tomatoes, picturelink: 8nkYNPFA6QNvI1C9uNPk1ffJK353IzO}, 5623: {instructions: Squeeze the lemons and pour the juice into a pitcher. Mix together the sugar with 3 cups water and stir to dissolve to make a syrup. Add the syrup to the lemon juice and top it up with 8 cups water. Taste to make sure its sweet enough for you, and then add the raspberries. Mix the lemonade together and let chill in the fridge. Keep in mind that the raspberries are tart, so be sure to sweeten enoughnFill mason jars with ice cubes and top them off with the lemonade., ingredients: [4 cups fresh lemon juice, 3 cups sugar, 1 bag frozen raspberries, Ice cubes, for serving], title: Raspberry Lemonade, picturelink: QNEANtDkenqg97eD6MBvDOAlId4L6yW}, 5624: {instructions: Preheat grill pan over high heat.nIn a medium pan brown bacon over medium high heat and drain on paper towel lined plate.nBrush scallions with a little oil and grill on hot grill pan 2 or 3 minutes on each side. Remove from heat to cool.nCombine ground beef with Worcestershire and steak seasoning or salt and pepper. Divide meat into 4 equal parts. Combine cheese crumbles and cooked bacon. Take 14 of the meat in your hand and make a well in the center of it. Pile in cheese and bacon, then carefully form the burger around the cheese and bacon filling. Make sure the fillings are completely covered with meat. When all 4 patties are formed, drizzle burgers with oil and place on hot grill pan. Cook 2 minutes on each side over high heat, reduce heat to medium low and cook burgers 7 or 8 minutes longer, turning occasionally. Do not press down on burgers as they cook. Transfer burgers to a plate and let them rest 5 minutes before serving.nChop cooled, grilled green onions and add to a food processor. Add mayonnaise and cumin to the food processor and pulse the onions and mayonnaise. Season with salt and pepper, to your taste.nPile burgers on crusty buns and top with crisp lettuce leaves and a slather of green onion mayonnaise. As you bite into the burgers, you will find a smoky, cheesy surprise at the center., ingredients: [5 slices bacon, chopped, 4 scallions, cleaned and trimmed, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 1 13 pounds ground beef sirloin, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon steak seasoning blend or coarse salt and black pepper, 12 pound extra sharp white cheddar cheese, crumbled, 1 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 4 crusty Kaiser rolls, split, 4 leaves crisp romaine lettuce], title: InsideOut Bacon Cheeseburgers with Grilled Green Onion Mayo, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 5625: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a baking stonenFor the dough: Mix the sugar and yeast in 1 12 cups warm water 100 to 110 degrees F.nLet sit until foamy, 3 to 5 minutes.nStir in the olive oil. In a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the yeast mixture with the flour and salt and mix on low until smooth.nSwitch to the dough hook and knead on medium, adding a little more flour or water if needed, until the dough forms a loose, sticky ball around the hook. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and knead until the dough is soft, smooth and springy, 2 to 3 minutes.nPut the dough in a large bowl, drizzle with olive oil and turn to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in size, about 1 12 hours.nFor the topping: Meanwhile, in a food processor, combine the basil, pine nuts, garlic and 3 cups of the arugula. Process to make a chunky paste. Add 14 cup olive oil and process until smooth. Add the Parmesan and pulse just until incorporated. Season lightly with salt and pepper.nIn a medium skillet, cook the bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towels.nWhen the dough has risen, preheat the oven to 500 degrees F with a baking stone on the bottom rack.nPunch down the dough. Brush an 18by13inch rimmed halfsheet pan liberally with olive oil. Transfer the dough to the pan and press it all the way into the corners it helps to cover the dough with a sheet of plastic wrap while pressing so the dough doesnt stick to your fingers.nBake on the preheated stone until the dough has puffed and just begins to color, 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the dough from the oven, loosen from the baking sheet with a metal spatula and brush lightly with olive oil. The crust can be baked ahead to this point and topped and finished in the oven later, if desired.nSpread the pesto on the dough almost to the edges. Top with the mozzarella, feta, artichokes, cooked bacon and jalapeno slices.nBake on the top rack until the cheese is browned and crusty, about 8 minutes more.nIn a large bowl, toss the remaining 3 cups arugula with the remaining tablespoon olive oil and the jalapeno brine. Season with salt and pepper and scatter over the pizza. Cut into squares to serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons sugar, 1 packet 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 3 cups loosely packed fresh basil leaves, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and peeled, 6 cups loosely packed baby arugula, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces bacon or pancetta, chopped, 1 12 cups shredded lowmoisture mozzarella, 1 cup crumbled feta, 1 cup sliced marinated artichoke hearts, 14 cup pickled jalapeno slices plus 1 tablespoon brine from the jar], title: Pesto Pizza with Feta and Artichokes, picturelink: .x4962MMsb07qWWq9LiDrcxnyS8j5S}, 5626: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Pour the milk over the breadcrumbs in a large bowl and stir to combine. Add the meatloaf mix, 1 cup of the cheese, 14 cup of the barbecue sauce, the salt, pepper, green onions, garlic and egg and mix with your hands until just combined.nDivide and shape the mixture into 6 balls and arrange the balls in a 6cup nonstick muffin pan. Place the muffin pan on a rimmed baking sheet and brush the remaining 14 cup barbecue sauce on top of the meat.nBake for 40 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through cooking. Sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup cheese. Continue to bake until the meatloaf muffins are cooked through to an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, about 5 minutes more the interior muffins may take a little longer to cook. Cool 5 minutes in the pan.nArrange on a serving platter and serve with mashed potatoes and a green salad., ingredients: [23 cup milk, 12 cup plain dry breadcrumbs, 2 pounds meatloaf mix ground beef, pork and veal, 1 14 cups shredded Cheddar about 5 ounces, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 4 small green onions, finely chopped about 13 cup, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 large egg, Serving suggestions: mashed potatoes and a green salad], title: Cheddar BBQ Meatloaf Muffins, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 5627: {instructions: Whisk the olive oil, vinegar, garlic, rosemary, parsley, oregano, honey, red pepper flakes and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Transfer 3 tablespoons of the vinaigrette to a small bowl cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nCombine the remaining vinaigrette with the steak in a large resealable bag turn the bag several times to coat the meat. Refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight, turning the bag occasionally.nPreheat a grill to high. Transfer the steak to a plate or baking sheet, letting the excess marinade drip off season the steak with salt and pepper. Let stand at room temperature, 30 minutes. Grill the steak until a thermometer inserted into the thickest side reaches 130 degrees F, 16 to 20 minutes for medium rare, flipping every 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the meat to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Thinly slice the meat against the grain serve with the reserved vinaigrette.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 cloves garlic, grated, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 2pound top sirloin steak 1 12 to 2 inches thick], title: Italian Marinated Sirloin Steak, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 5628: {instructions: Arrange chips on a large serving platter. Cover with BBQ Pork Shoulder. Top with BBQ sauce and then smother with the Nacho CheeseQueso Sauce. Sprinkle generously with rub and then serve immediately.nPlace oil in a deep fryer or in a large, heavybottomed Dutch oven. Heat oil to 325 degrees F.nMeanwhile, combine salt and dry rub in a small bowl. Cut tortillas into chipsized triangles. When oil is 325 degrees F, carefully add cut tortillas and deep fry for about 3 minutes, turning at least once until a light golden brown. Remove chips from oil and dust with saltdry rub mixture.nPreheat a charcoal grill for indirect cooking to 225 to 250 degrees F.nInject the meat with wash. Alternatively, you can also marinate the pork in Hog Wash overnight in the refrigerator. Season pork generously with dry rub. Place meat on grill and cook until the internal temperature of the meat is consistently 180 degrees F for at least 1 hour it will take about 8 hours to reach 180 degrees internally. Remove meat from grill and let rest for at least 15 minutes.nPull the meat with your hands and remove any fat or gristle. Gently sprinkle pulled meat with dry rub and then toss like a salad.nCombine all ingredients in a double boiler and stir until melted. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds Hog Wild Style Flour Tortilla Chips, recipe follows, or corn tortilla chips, 2 pounds Pulled Pork Shoulder, recipe follows, 1 pint BBQ sauce recommended: Hog Wild Killa Wet Sauce, 1 quart Nacho CheeseQueso Sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons your favorite dry rub recommended: Hog Wild Special Dry Sauce, 1 gallon vegetable or canola oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons your favorite dry rub recommended: Hog Wild Special Dry Sauce, 24 10inch flour tortillas, One 8pound Boston butt pork roast, 16 ounces your favorite wash recommended: Hog Wild Hog Wash, 5 ounces your favorite dry rub recommended: Hog Wild Special Dry Sauce, 1 pound pasteurized cheese recommended: Velveeta, 8 ounces shredded Cheddar, 8 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese, One 14ounce can tomatoes with green chilies recommended: Rotel, 1 tomato, diced, 12 jalapeno pepper, finely diced, 12 red onion, finely diced, 2 green onions, chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ancho or chipotle or other ground chile pepper, Kosher salt], title: The Original BBQ Nachos, picturelink: 65GrtwBM0hOIU9VPiFoG1jkT.MLBrH6}, 5629: {instructions: Combine 2 cups broth, the wine, vinegar, 1 chopped onion, the crushed garlic, thyme sprigs, bay leaves, juniper berries, peppercorns and cloves in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, then simmer for 5 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Place the beef in a large resealable plastic bag and pour in the marinade. Seal the bag and refrigerate for 2 to 3 days, turning daily.nPreheat the oven to 350. Remove the meat from the marinade and pat dry season with salt. Strain the marinade, discarding the solids. Heat a large ovenproof pot over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the meat and brown on all sides, 10 to 12 minutes, then transfer to a plate. Add the carrots, celery and the remaining onion to the pot and cook until slightly softened, 5 minutes. Stir in the chopped garlic and chopped thyme and cook 1 minute. Sprinkle in the flour and cook 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the strained marinade and the remaining 1 cup broth and bring to a simmer. Return the meat to the pot, cover and cook in the oven until tender, 2 hours 30 minutes.nRemove the meat and transfer to a plate. Bring the sauce to a simmer over medium heat. Whisk in the gingersnaps and simmer until thickened season with salt and pepper. Thinly slice the meat serve with spaetzle, the vegetables and sauce and sour cream, if desired. Top with parsley.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [3 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 cup dry red wine, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 large onions, cut into large chunks, 5 cloves garlic 3 crushed, 2 chopped, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon juniper berries available in the spice aisle, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 12 teaspoon whole cloves, 1 3to4pound boneless beef top chuck roast, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium carrots, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 stalks celery, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons crushed gingersnap cookies, Freshly ground pepper, Spaetzle, for serving see page 152, Sour cream, for serving optional, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Sauerbraten, picturelink: EJOoUg3kuAYsr2o.ym9GB5Vbs3HpLr.}, 5630: {instructions: Make the Sauce: Whisk together all the ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nMake the Prawns: Cut down the backs of the prawns and remove the black intestinal vein. Set aside.nHeat the oil in a wok or shallow saucepan over high heat. Add the garlic and stirfry for 1 minute. Add the chiles and stirfry for another minute. Add the prawns and stirfry until the shell turn slightly red, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the sauce and stirfry until the shells turn red.nBreak the egg into the wok and, using a fork, streak the egg through the sauce this is an important step, as the egg has to be in beautiful gold and white streaks. Simmer the sauce for a few seconds and remove from the heat. Stir in the scallions and lime juice.nTransfer the prawns to a platter, garnish with the cilantro, and serve with chunks of French bread.nNote: This dish is also wonderful with mussels, crabs or lobsters or you could mix all the seafood together. Its a Singapore version of a French seafood stew., ingredients: [1 cup water, 5 tablespoons tomato catsup, 1 12 to 3 tablespoons sugar, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons corn flour, 1 teaspoon pounded brown preserved soya beans or dark miso optional, 14 teaspoons salt, 1 pound large, whole prawns unshelled, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 8 fresh red chiles, roughly chopped, 1 egg, 2 scallions, cut into finger lengths, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime or lemon juice, 1 small bunch cilantro, cut into 1inch long pieces, Serving Suggestions: loaf of French bread], title: Singapore Chile Prawns, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 5631: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBrush 4 1 12 cup brioche tins with melted butter, and sprinkle with 14 cup of the bread crumbs. Set aside.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPut honey in a mixing bowl and set over a pot of steaming water warm until it gets loose. Add the sugar and egg yolks to the honey, and whisk until frothy. Remove the bowl from the heat and whisk in remaining 1 34 cups bread crumbs and hazelnuts.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites until stiff and fold into the batter.nPlace mixture into the brioche tins and bake for 45 minutes.nWhen cool remove from pan and garnish with whipped cream and a drizzle of honey., ingredients: [1 tablespoon melted butter, 2 cups plain fine dry bread crumbs, 1 cup honey, plus more, for garnish, 14 cup brown sugar, 4 eggs, separated, 1 cup toasted chopped hazelnuts, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Polish Honey Cake, picturelink: IGaaV.TvpKB.J475yo5i3PM3Rwvi5u2}, 5632: {instructions: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, heat enough oil to cover the potatoes to frying temperature 325 to 350 degrees F, and add the potato rounds. Turn them over when they begin to stick to the pan, and fry until the potatoes are browned and crispy on the outside. The potatoes can also be cooked in a deep fryer for 3 to 5 minutes. Set the potatoes aside, and turn the heat down to medium.nAdd the hot dogs, onions and peppers to the remaining oil in the saucepan. Let them cook together and exchange flavors until the hot dogs are done and the onions and peppers are beginning to brown.nTo build The Single: Cut the bread into quarters. Starting at the point of one wedge, slice open through the soft middle of the bread, not across the crust and not completely in half. You should be able to peel open the bread just enough to make a pocket for the dog. Mustard can be added to the inside of the bun. Place one dog on the bottom, then pile with the onions, peppers and about half a potato worth of rounds. If the toppings are overflowing the bun, youre doing it just right. Ketchup and sprinkled red pepper flakes can be added on top. Have a fork handynTo build The Double: Cut the bread in half. Slice open a pocket in the middle of the halfmoon. Put 2 hot dogs on the bottom and double everything, especially the potato rounds  about 1 potatos worth can fit on topnThis recipe was provided by a professional chef or restaurant and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [Cooking oil, suitable for frying, 2 medium potatoes, cut into 14 to 12inch rounds, 4 allbeef hot dogs, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 green or red pepper, sliced, 1 medium round loaf of bread, from pizza dough or Italian bread, Mustard, Ketchup, Red pepper flakes], title: Italian Style Hot Dogs, picturelink: kiH5iBFK.ZBH8QZX.SMT8lnnyqccasG}, 5633: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernFor the agliata sauce: In a medium bowl, toss the bread cubes with enough water to really moisten them upyou want it almost soggy. Squeeze out the excess water, and place the bread, vinegar and garlic in a food processor puree until smooth. With the machine running, drizzle in the olive oil, and process until combined. Add the chives and parsley, and pulse a few more times to combine. Season with salt and more vinegar, if you like I like a very bright, acidic dipping sauce. Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl.nFor the Parmigianocrusted cauliflower: Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Fill a large bowl of wellsalted water with ice. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nToss the cauliflower in the boiling water. When the water returns to a boil, cook the cauliflower for another 2 minutes, then drain and immediately plunge the cauliflower into the ice water. When the cauliflower is cool, drain well and lay it out to dry on the prepared baking sheet.nIn a large saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan to a depth of 1 12 to 2 inches. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer registers 350 degrees F. To see if its hot enough, drop some flour into the oilif it sizzles and floats quickly, youre good to go if the flour burns or the oil begins to smoke, its too hot, so reduce the heat.nPlace the flour in one bowl, the eggs beaten with 2 tablespoons water in a second bowl, and the breadcrumbs and Parmigiano in a third. Place a couple of layers of paper towels on a baking sheet next to the stovetop. Dredge some of the blanched cauliflower in the flour and shake off the excess, then dip it in the egg mixture, and finally in the breadcrumb mixture. Repeat for the remaining cauliflower.nWorking in batches so you dont overcrowd the pan, fry the cauliflower until brown and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Transfer the cauliflower to the paper towels, sprinkle with salt, and serve hot, hot and hot with the agliata sauce., ingredients: [2 cups cubed, dayold or stale rustic Italian bread without the crust, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, plus more if needed, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, Kosher salt, 1 head cauliflower, cut into bitesize florets, Peanut or other neutral oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 2 large eggs, 1 cup breadcrumbs, 1 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: ParmigianoCrusted Cauliflower with Agliata Sauce, picturelink: null}, 5634: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan on medium high heat. Lightly oil the grill pan. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Grill the chicken until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side.nCombine the spinach, pine nuts, lemon juice, and lemon peel in a processor. Lightly pulse. With the machine running, gradually add 13 cup of the oil, blending until the mixture is creamy. Add salt and pulse. Put half of the pesto into ice cube trays and store in the freezer for future use.nTransfer the rest of the spinach mixture to a medium bowl. Stir in the Parmesan. Season the pesto with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpread the pesto over each piece of chicken and serve., ingredients: [2 boneless chicken breasts, 2 cups lightly packed baby spinach leaves about 2 ounces, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 to 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 13 cup plus 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Grilled Chicken with Spinach and Pine Nut Pesto, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 5635: {instructions: For the crust: Line an 8inch square pan with foil so it overhangs on two sides and lightly coat with cooking spray. Process the cookies in a food processor until finely ground. Add the melted butter and process again until the crumbs are coated with the butter add the melted chocolate and process until the mixture is the texture of very wet sand. Using an offset spatula, press the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan, cover and refrigerate while preparing the filling. Clean out the food processor bowl.nFor the filling and topping: Add the cream cheese, peanut butter, yogurt and sugar to the bowl of the food processor and process until smooth and combined. Pour the mixture over the crust and smooth with a spatula. Top with the peanuts and sprinkle with 14 teaspoon salt. Cover and refrigerate until set slightly looser than cream cheese, about 4 hours up to overnight.nRun a knife around the edges of the mixture to loosen, use the foil handles to lift it out, cut into 12 bars and serve chilled., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 24 chocolate wafer cookies, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate morsels, melted, 4 ounces reducedfat cream cheese, 12 cup creamy allnatural peanut butter, 12 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup chopped roasted unsalted peanuts, Kosher salt], title: Healthy NoBake ChocolatePeanut Butter Bars, picturelink: KyGF0aAjs3gwxBXACL08boHHwlXgyJy}, 5636: {instructions: On a box grater, coarsely shred the onion and potato. Transfer to a colander or wrap in a cheesecloth sling, and squeeze as dry as possible. Let stand for 2 minutes, then squeeze dry again. Put the potatoes in a large bowl, add the flour, salt, pepper, baking powder and egg, and gently fold to combine.nIn a large castiron skillet, heat 2 tablespoons oil until shimmering. Drop heaping tablespoons of the potatoes into the skillet and flatten them with the back of the spoon. Cook the pancakes over moderately high heat until the edges are golden, 1 12 to 2 minutes. Flip and cook until golden on the bottom, about 1 minute. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining potatoes, adding more oil to the skillet as needed.nServe the potato pancakes topped with Chunky Granny Smith Applesauce and a small dollop of Cinnamon Creme Fraiche.nCooks Note: Reheat the pancakes in a single layer on a cookie sheet in a 400 degree oven until theyre crisp again. If you undercooked them a bit or didnt get the browning on them youd hoped for, you can compensate for this in the oven.nTo a large pot, combine 1 cup water, sugar, cinnamon, lemon zest, and apples. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Taste for sweetness and add more sugar if desired. Coarsely mash to a chunky consistency. Let cool to room temperature.nWhisk together creme fraiche and cinnamon, cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the flavors to meld., ingredients: [1 small onion, peeled, 1 large baking potato about 1 pound, peeled, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Pinch baking powder, Canola oil, for frying, Chunky Granny Smith Applesauce, recipe follows, Cinnamon Creme Fraiche, recipe follows, 3 to 6 tablespoons granulated sugar depending on how sweet or tart you want it, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 5 Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and cut into large dice, 1 cup creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Potato Pancakes with Chunky Granny Smith Applesauce and Cinnamon Creme Fraiche, picturelink: aTR3YPs5B40dDHdBLtWr3NOMXCzIo2e}, 5637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: Whisk together 2 cups cold water, the yeast and 1 12 tablespoons oil. Put in a stand mixer with the dough hook attachment. Mix on speed 1, or low speed, for 5 minutes. Add the flour and continue mixing for an additional 5 minutes. Then turn the mixer to speed 2, or medium speed, and mix for 5 minutes. Add the salt until incorporated. Add 1 tablespoon oil at the end of the 5 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a large hotel pan greased with oil. If you dont have a hotel pan, you can use a large bowl just make sure there is ample space for the dough to double in size. Put a little oil on top as well, about 2 tablespoons.nWrap all the way around with plastic wrap and put on top of the oven or other warm, draftfree area with something in between, such as a kitchen towel or a baking tray, for about 1 12 hours. The dough will double in size.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nWhen ready, transfer the dough to an oiled table or flat surface. Form into a log to make it easier to portion, and cut into two equal pieces. Cover with plastic so it doesnt dry out. Let sit for 5 to 10 minutes.nLightly brush a baking tray with oil. Spread out the dough on the oiled counter top with the palms of your hands, dont use your fingertips. It should be even all the way around, with no fat edges.nPlace half the fillings on one piece of dough in the order listed: mozzarella, salt, basil, garlic, pepper and salami. Fill twothirds of the surface, leaving the bottom third and a little on the sides empty. Roll the dough over twice, seal the sides with your palm, fold over the bottom and then the sides. Transfer to the oiled tray. Rub a little oil on top. Repeat with the second portion of dough. Put the rosemary, sea salt and tomatoes on top. Cover the tray with plastic and let sit for 15 minutes to rest.nWhen ready, put a pan of ice in the oven for 5 minutes. Remove. Place the tray in the oven and bake for a total of 45 minutes. After 20 minutes, turn 180 degrees. Bake another 20 minutes, then turn again and bake the remaining 5 minutes.nTransfer to a new baking sheet lined with parchment. Allow the loaves to cool. Slice and serve with Citrus Herb Oil and Mascarpone Butter for dipping.nCombine the oils, garlic, zests, herbs and red pepper flakes in a large stockpot. Slowly bring up the heat. When the oil is warm, take off the heat and cover. Allow to cool with everything in the oil. Strain as needed.nCombine the butter and mascarpone cheese in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment. Mix until well combined and light., ingredients: [1 tablespoon dry yeast, Extravirgin olive oil, 5 12 cups bread flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups grated smoked mozzarella, Salt, 12 bunch fresh basil, leaves chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces salami, sliced thin, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon sea salt, such as Maldon, 14 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, Citrus Herb Oil, for serving, recipe follows, Mascarpone Butter, for serving, recipe follows, 3 cups blended oil, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, 1 lemon, zested, white removed, 1 lime, zested, white removed, 1 orange, zested, white removed, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 sprig fresh thyme, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 sticks unsalted butter, 3 ounces mascarpone], title: Scarpetta Stromboli, picturelink: tFam32am.wj03JMnE9DlxLwOpIIABO}, 5638: {instructions: In a tall glass or drink shaker, add the sugar and rosemary. With a muddling stick, crush the sugar with the rosemary until it bruises and becomes more fragrant, a good honest 30 to 45 seconds. Work it Then pour in the lemon juice and muddle a bit more. Add the vodka and half of the ice, then cover the glass and vigorously shake for about 10 seconds. Pour evenly over the remaining ice in 2 lowball glasses. Drink, ingredients: [2 tablespoons sugar, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves removed, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 8 ounces vanillaflavored vodka, 4 large handfuls of small or crushed ice cubes], title: RosemaryLemon Starter, picturelink: lLpEUOvw7EsuwYJzD4Ba.LFqc6FdGiW}, 5639: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSyrup:nAdd the lime juice, zest, honey, cayenne and salt to a small bowl. Whisk everything together until incorporated.nWatermelon:nPreheat a grill to mediumhigh heat.nGrease the grill with nonstick spray.nAdd the watermelon slices to the grill and cook for 2 to 3 minutes per side. Brush the triangles with the syrup during the last minute of cooking. Transfer the watermelon from the grill to ice cream bowls and top them with generous scoops of vanilla ice cream. Drizzle the remaining syrup over the ice cream. Garnish with some whipped cream and sliced mint leaves and serve., ingredients: [14 cup lime juice, 12 lime, zested, 14 cup honey, Dash cayenne pepper, Dash salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 small seedless watermelon, cut into 1inch thick triangles, 1 quart vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, as needed, 14 cup chiffonade mint leaves], title: Grilled Watermelon Sundae, picturelink: EhGi.RdzBmFucgbSRaZUBLDRDJom5m}, 5640: {instructions: Place the cucumbers and onions in a large serving bowl. Season with salt and pepper. In a small glass measuring cup, whisk together the rice vinegar and sugar. Pour over the cucumbers and onions and toss to combine. Cover tightly and chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop.nTop with the feta cheese and fresh dill just before serving., ingredients: [2 large cucumbers, peeled and cut into 14inch thick slices, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup loosely packed chopped fresh dill, plus a few fronds for garnish], title: Pickled Cucumber Salad with Red Onions and Feta, picturelink: null}, 5641: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mixer, beat the butter and sugars until smooth, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each egg is added. Beat in the vanilla. With a wooden spoon, mix in the flour, baking soda, butterscotch chips, chocolate chips, and potato chips. Drop the batter by heaping tablespoons onto ungreased cookie sheets and bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 2 cups brown sugar, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 16 ounces butterscotch chips, 16 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 4 cups plain potato chips, crushed], title: Kristas Heavenly Chip Cookies, picturelink: null}, 5642: {instructions: For the sausage gravy: Heat a pan over high heat, add the oil and then add the sausage. Brown the sausage, stirring and breaking up the large chunks, until cooked through. Add the chile powder, thyme and cayenne and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the flour to make a roux. Slowly stir in the milk and bring the gravy to a simmer. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook for 10 minutes, stirring so the sauce does not burn. Season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the vegetables: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the potatoes in a bowl with 2 tablespoons of the grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Spread the potatoes on a baking sheet and bake until tender and browned, 20 to 25 minutes.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons oil to the pan. Add the potatoes, tomatoes and garlic to the pan and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the kale to the pan and saute to wilt the kale. Add a little water to help with the wilting if needed. Season with salt and pepper and a squeeze of lemon juice.nFor the trout: Season the trout with the salt and pepper.nHeat a large skillet over high heat. Add the oil to the skillet and then gently place the fish fleshside down in the skillet. Sear the fish on the flesh side for 2 to 3 minutes and then flip and cook until the skin is crispy and the flesh is fully cooked, another 2 to 3 minutes. Allow the fish to rest briefly before serving.nFor plating: Divide the vegetables among 6 plates, lay the fish fleshside up over the vegetables and then spoon the sausage gravy over the top of the fish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 12 pounds sweet Italian sausage, removed from casings, 1 teaspoon dark chile powder, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 pinch cayenne, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups largediced Yukon gold potatoes, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grape tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 bunches kale, trimmed and chopped, 1 lemon, cut in half, 6 whole trout head, guts and pinbones removed, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil], title: Trout With Sausage Gravy, picturelink: az.ybNE4A3GQvbkt1AhHycWo12MmrN.}, 5643: {instructions: Slice a baguette on a sharp diagonal to make 8 long pieces. Butter both sides, season with salt and pepper and arrange on a baking sheet. Combine 3 tablespoons chopped chives and 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried thyme sprinkle on the bread. Bake at 400 degrees F until crisp, 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Herbed French Bread, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 5644: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a shaker with ice and mix vigorously. Stop when the shaker is too cold to hold. Strain into a chilled martini glass and garnish with a lemon twist., ingredients: [1ounce vodka, 12ounce blue curaco, 12ounce coconut flavored rum, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 1ounce fresh lime juice], title: The Blue Hawaii, picturelink: null}, 5645: {instructions: In a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, melted butter, flour, salt, and pepper. Whisk until all lumps have disappeared. Whisk in the cheese and thyme. Transfer the batter to an airtight container, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to 1 day.nAdjust rack to highest position in oven. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Generously butter 2 mini muffin tins. Fill each cup to the top with the chilled batter. Bake popovers until golden and puffed, 18 to 20 minutes. Repeat with remaining batter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 1 cup milk, room temperature, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for tins, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 heaping teaspoon kosher salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh thyme], title: Blue Cheese Popovers, picturelink: null}, 5646: {instructions: Melt butter in a skillet. While foaming is subsiding, lightly dredge roe in flour and shake off excess. Add roe and cook until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Turn over, and brown on the other side. Remove the roe to a plate. If necessary add more butter to the skillet. Add ginger and saute for a moment. Add lemon juice and remove from heat season with salt and pepper, add parsley or chives and spoon over shad. Serve with lemon or lime wedges., ingredients: [4 to 6 tablespoons butter, Flour to coat, 1 pair shad roe  6 to 8 ounces, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley or chives, Lemon or lime wedges], title: Shad Roe, picturelink: null}, 5647: {instructions: For the steak and marinade: Add the orange juice, soy sauce, cumin, salt, garlic, lemon juice, chipotle, 12 cup of the olive oil and some black pepper to a food processor and blend until smooth and combined.nPut the steaks into a resealable plastic bag and pour the marinade over. Seal the bag and massage the marinade into the steaks to ensure they are totally coated. Marinate, refrigerated, for as long as it takes to roast the chiles and get the other ingredients ready for the quesadillas.nFor the roasted poblano chiles: Roast the chiles by using metal tongs to hold them onebyone over the flame of your stovetop until the skin is totally charred. If you dont have a gas stove, you can use an outdoor grill OR place them on a baking sheet directly under your ovens broiler. When totally blackened, place the chiles in a large resealable plastic bag and seal the bag to allow them to sweat for a good 20 minutes. Then use a knife to scrape off most of the blackened skin. Slice the chiles in half lengthwise and scrape out the seeds and membranes, then slice into strips.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a grill pan over high heat. Remove the steaks from the marinade and turn the heat to medium low. Grill for 5 to 6 minutes each side for medium rare. Let the steaks rest for 5 minutes, then slice.nFor the quesadillas: Build the quesadillas by laying some cheese on 6 of the tortillas, then some slices of steak and some of the poblano chile strips. Sprinkle with the tomato and onion. Top with a little more grated cheese and then place the remaining tortillas on top.nMelt 12 tablespoon of butter in a clean skillet over medium heat and lay a quesadilla in the skillet. Cook until golden on the bottom, 3 to 4 minutes. Carefully flip the quesadilla to the other side, adding another 12 tablespoon butter to the skillet at the same time. Continue cooking until the second side is golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Repeat with the remaining quesadillas.nTo serve: Cut the quesadillas into wedges and top with pico de gallo and salsa if desired., ingredients: [12 cup orange juice, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, Two 2inchthick ribeye steaks, 4 fresh poblano chiles, 4 cups grated Monterey Jack cheese, 12 flour tortillas, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 yellow onion, diced, 6 tablespoons butter, for frying, Pico de gallo, for serving, optional, Salsa, for serving, optional], title: RibEye Quesadillas, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 5648: {instructions: Wash the vegetables in a large bowl of cold water and blot dry. Trim the fennel of any stringy layers, and slice thinly crosswise. Peel the outer leaves of the artichokes to reveal the pale green hearts, and slice into thin wedges. Peel the carrots and slice lengthwise. Cut the cauliflower into thin slices, or break it up into small florets. Separate the leaves of the Belgian endive and radicchio or Treviso. Snap off and discard the tough bottom ends of the asparagus and slice the spears into quarters lengthwise. Cut the turnips and radishes into quarters, leaving the tops attached, or leave whole if they are small. Clean the spring onions and slice in half lengthwise. Sprinkle everything lightly with sea salt and arrange the vegetables on a platter, tossing them together to create a colorful display. Scatter the fava beans over the top.nRinse and fillet the anchovies. In a mortar, pound the garlic to a paste with a little salt and pepper. Add the anchovies and pound until roughly mashed. Warm the olive oil and butter over mediumlow heat. Add half the anchovy mixture, the red wine vinegar, and lemon zest, and gently simmer for 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining anchovy mixture, taste for salt and pepper, and transfer the sauce to a warmed bowl or individual ramekins., ingredients: [2 small heads fennel, 6 tiny artichokes, 4 small carrots, 1 small cauliflower, 1 Belgian endive, 2 small heads radicchio or radicchio di Treviso, 8 small asparagus spears, 1 bunch baby turnips, 1 bunch multicolored radishes, 1 bunch spring onions, Handful peeled fava beans, Sea salt, 10 to 12 saltpacked anchovies, 6 cloves, Salt and pepper, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, A few drops red wine vinegar, Lemon zest, optional], title: Spring Vegetable Bagna Cauda, picturelink: null}, 5649: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStuff lychees with the strawberry pieces. Rim dampened martini glasses with hibiscus powder. Fill mixing glass with ice. For each drink, add 3 ounces of the sake infusion, 12 ounce Elderflower liqueur, and 2 large pieces of orange zest. Shake ingredients in a Boston Shaker and pour into prepped martini glasses. Garnish with stuffed lychees.nPour sake into a medium bowl or pitcher. Add tea bags and steep for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [8 lychees, 2 medium strawberries, quartered lengthwise, 2 tablespoons hibiscus powder may substitute granulated sugar, Ice, Sake Passion Infusion, recipe follows, Elderflower liqueur recommended: St. Germain, 16 2inch strips orange peels using vegetable peeler, 750 ml bottle genmai sake, 4 bags hibiscus and passion fruit tea recommended: Tazos Passion], title: Gonna Rockie Your Sockie, picturelink: PrW4XQuWy7MsH5MpranQBm7q7OaPLO}, 5650: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Simmer figs and raisins in the wine for 30 minutes. Peel, core and slice the apples and pears. Add them, together with the sugar, almonds, and spices to the figs and raisins and simmer until the apples and pears are soft. Line a dish with pie dough. Fill with the fruit mixture and bake for 12 hour or until pastry is cooked., ingredients: [Pie dough, 12 pound dried figs, 14 pound raisins, 12 pint red wine, 1 pound cooking apples, 1 pound pears, 4 ounces caster sugar, 1 tablespoon flaked almonds, 12 teaspoon powdered cloves, 12 teaspoon ground mace, 12 teaspoon powdered cinnamon, 12 teaspoon powdered ginger], title: Tart of Spiced Fruit, picturelink: null}, 5651: {instructions: In a bowl, soak the vermicelli in hot water for 15 minutes. Drain the noodles, drop into a pot of boiling water for 30 seconds, and then rinse in cold water. Cut the noodles with kitchen shears.nHeat a large pan. Add 2 tablespoons sesame oil. Add the onion, carrot, red bell pepper, scallions, mushrooms, garlic, sugar, salt and pepper. Let cook for a few minutes, stirring, until the vegetables are cooked but still a little crisp. Transfer the vegetables to a bowl. To the pan add 1 more tablespoon sesame oil. Add the noodles, spinach, salt and pepper. Let cook for 1 to 2 minutes, stirring. Add to the vegetables with 1 tablespoon soy sauce and 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds and combine.nTransfer to a platter. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 pound Asian vermicelli noodles, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 onion, julienned, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 3 scallions, cut into 1inch lengths, 12 cup dried wood ear mushrooms, 2 cloves minced garlic, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound spinach, stems discarded, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds], title: Jap Chae Stir Fried Glass Noodles with Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 5652: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Preheat the oil in a fryer to 350 degrees F. Put the buttermilk in a medium sized bowl. Add the chicken and marinate it for about 1 hour, in the refrigerator. In a separate bowl, combine the flour, dried thyme, and Creole seasoning, to taste. Remove the chicken from the buttermilk and dredge it in the flour mixture, shaking off any excess, repeat as desired. Place in the hot oil for about 9 minutes, or until golden brown. To complete the cooking, place in the oven for about 10 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear. Serve with Garlic Mashed Potatoes.nIn a small pot over high heat, bring water to a boil. Chop the potato into 3 or 4 pieces. Boil the potato for about 10 minutes, or until it is fork tender. Drain the potato and return it to the pan. Add the milk, butter, garlic powder, and parsley. Mix all together until desired texture is reached. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Frying oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons whole dried thyme, Creole seasoning recommended: Tonys, Garlic mashed potatoes, recipe follows, 1 white potato, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Thyme Buttermilk Chicken, picturelink: null}, 5653: {instructions: In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add the chopped onion and cook until tender without browning. Stir in diced potato and liquid. Bring to a boil and simmer until potato is tender. Stir in your steamed vegetable of choice and return to a simmer. Puree the soup in batches in a blender and return to saucepan. Leave 1 cup of vegetables not pureed if a chunkier soup is preferred. Season soup with salt and pepper and finish with heavy cream. Serve warm with French bread and a salad., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 potato, peeled and diced, 2 cups water or chicken stock, 1 12 cups steamed vegetables, i.e. carrots, broccoli, spinach, or peas, Salt and pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, Serving suggestions: French bread and a salad], title: Basic Cream of Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 5654: {instructions: Combine sugar and water in a small saucepan. Boil for 5 minutes. Let cool. Combine lime juice, both rums, bitters, ice, and 14 cooled sugar syrup in a large cocktail shaker. Shake well to combine. Pour into a glass. Garnish with swizzle stick., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1ounce freshly squeezed lime juice, 1ounce overproof white rum, 2 ounces dark rum, 2 drops Angostura bitters, 1 cup crushed ice, 1 fresh sugarcane swizzle stick], title: Desmonds Rum Punch, picturelink: null}, 5655: {instructions: Spread the bread cubes out on a baking sheet and leave out, uncovered, to dry for 24 hours. Alternatively, bake the cubes in a 300 degree F. oven for 10 to 20 minutes until dried out but not toasted.nIn a large bowl whisk together the shallots, garlic, lemon rind and balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil in a stream, whisking constantly until well combined. Add the tomatoes, bell peppers, fennel and olives, tossing to combine. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Thirty minutes before serving the salad add the reserved fennel greens, basil and bread cubes, tossing to coat, and let the salad stand at room temperature for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 large round loaf peasant bread, cut into 1inch cubes, about 4 cups, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, smashed to a paste, 2 teaspoons grated lemon rind, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 5 ripe plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 yellow, orange or red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 medium bulb fennel, trimmed and chopped with feathery greens fronds reserved, 12 cup Nicoise olives, pitted and halved, 12 basil leaves, shredded], title: Panzanella Italian Bread Salad, picturelink: null}, 5656: {instructions: Melt butter in a nonstick skillet. Add apples and sprinkle with sugar. Saute, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until apples begin to get tender, about 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd currants and saute for another couple of minutes to heat them through and continue to cook the apples. Remove the skillet from the heat, stir in the rum and swirl the apples around until it is absorbed. If you wish, top with chopped nuts, whipped cream or vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large Granny Smith Apples, cored, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 to 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons currants, 1 tablespoon rum, 14 cup pecans, preferably toasted, Whipped sweetened cream or vanilla ice cream], title: Sauteed Apples with Currants and Cognac, picturelink: null}, 5657: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the potatoes in half or quarters and place in a bowl with the olive oil, salt, pepper, garlic and rosemary toss until the potatoes are well coated. Dump the potatoes on a baking sheet and spread out into 1 layer roast in the oven for at least 1 hour, or until browned and crisp. Flip twice with a spatula during cooking to ensure even browning.nRemove the potatoes from the oven, season to taste, and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small red or whiteskinned potatoes or a mixture, 18 cup good olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoons minced garlic 3 cloves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary leaves], title: Rosemary Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: vWpcSLVgDO42ffBJuHawo6Z8HVtWK6}, 5658: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine lemongrass, pomelo leaves, spring onions, salt, and fivespice powder and mix well.nFill the cavity of the pig with this mixture.nBrush the skin of the pig with honey and oil and begin to rotate on the spit on medium heat, rotating the pig every few minutes.nBaste the pig with oil every 5 minutes.nRoast for a total of 40 minutes.nServe with baguette and soy chile dipping sauce, ingredients: [1 small 6 12 to 9 pound 3 to 4 kg whole black pig, 2 lemongrass stem, white part only, finely sliced, 6 pomelo leaves, finely sliced, 3 spring onions, finely sliced, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon fivespice powder, 1 cup wild honey, 1 cup vegetable oil, Light soy sauce and chile, for dipping, 4 baguettes], title: Mai Chau Armpit Pig Roasted On A Spit: Heo Cap Nach Nuong, picturelink: null}, 5659: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrind the graham crackers and butter in a food processor. Scoop the crust mixture into a 9inch pie pan and mold to the sides and bottom. Mix together the egg yolks and condensed milk. Then add the juice and mix well. Pour the filling into the crust and bake until set, 20 minutes., ingredients: [One 14.4ounce package graham crackers, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 egg yolks, Two 14ounce cans condensed milk, 6 ounces key lime juice], title: Key Lime Pie, picturelink: iuWbyP.36XS2cXiOvRV6hTEpb1Hu79G}, 5660: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine buckwheat flour, allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt. In a medium bowl, combine warm milk and yeast, stirring until combined. Whisk in egg yolks and melted butter. Add milk mixture to dry ingredients and stir just until combined. Add beer, and stir to combine. In a large bowl, combine egg whites, pinch of salt, and pinch of sugar. Beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Gently, but thoroughly, fold egg whites into batter. Cover, and let rise for 1 12 hours. To fry: Heat a plett or a skillet over medium heat until hot. Lightly oil pan and, using a 2ounce ladle, pour batter into pan. Cook 45 seconds, turn, and cook for an additional 30 seconds. To bake: Heat oven to 525 degrees F. Use lightly oiled 2 to 2 12inch diameter nonstick pans. Bake 4 to 5 minutes on 1 side, turn, and bake an additional 1 minute., ingredients: [23 cup buckwheat flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, plus pinch, 1 teaspoon salt, plus pinch, 1 cup warm milk 105 degrees to 115 degrees, 1ounce fresh yeast, or 3 14 teaspoons 1 12 packages active dry yeast, 6 large eggs, separated, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 34 cup Hoegaarden Belgian wheat beer or other nondark Belgian beer such as Heineken, Vegetable oil], title: Buckwheat Blini, picturelink: null}, 5661: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Rinse and pat dry the drumsticks. Mix the oil, chili powder, garlic powder, and some salt and pepper in a medium bowl or resealable plastic bag. Toss the drumsticks in the seasoned oil to coat well. Bake the drumsticks on a wire rack placed on a baking sheet so air circulates around chicken until very tender and the skin is crisp, 50 minutes.nFor the spicy sauce: Mix together the butter, hot sauce and BBQ sauce in a large bowl.nToss the drumsticks in the spicy sauce until well coated. Place the drumsticks back on the rack and continue baking an additional 10 to 15 minutes.nCooks Note: For an alternate milder sauce, whisk together 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, juice and zest of 1 lime, 1 clove of garlic, minced and some salt and pepper., ingredients: [8 drumsticks, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup hot sauce, 1 tablespoon BBQ sauce], title: Buffalo Drumsticks, picturelink: 53hI6R7zlPhgbyhMeQRE6JpsOVm5ex6}, 5662: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace a little water in a large pot and bring to a boil.nCut open the lobster by inserting your knife just underneath the head and the cutting down, splitting the belly body and tail. Remove the inners heart, guts, etc., but not meat. Steam the lobster for 7 to 10 minutes and then remove from the pot.nStuff the Seafood Stuffing in the lobsters opening and top with the crabmeat.nPlace the stuffed lobster, bellysideup in a roasting pan. Add the lemon juice and a little water to the bottom of the pan to keep the lobster moist while cooking. Bake for 7 to 10 minutes, or just until the claws begin to split. Do not allow the lobster to dry out.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and then add all the seafood and saute until tender, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to cool.nMix in the crackers, and add lemon juice, wine, and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 1 to 1 14 pound lobster, Seafood Stuffing, recipe follows, 1 ounce fresh crabmeat, 1 to 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 ounces chopped haddock, 2 scallops, quartered, 6 to 8 whole Maine shrimp, 1 ounce lobster meat, 1 cup crackers, crumbled recommended: Ritz, Lemon juice, for seasoning, White wine, for seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning], title: Baked Stuffed Lobster, picturelink: 3ENo21eejvN1rr1N6lJfWKGNXyU1Uq}, 5663: {instructions: 1. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line 18 muffin cups with paper liners. Place 1 whole cookie in the bottom of each lined cup.n2. In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese, granulated sugar, brown sugar, and 14 teaspoon fine salt on mediumhigh speed until smooth and creamy, 2 to 3 minutes. Scrape down the sides, reduce speed to low and beat in the eggs, 1 at a time, until combined. Beat in 13 cup sour cream and heavy cream. Stir in the pumpkin puree and pumpkin pie spice until smooth. Divide evenly among cookielined paper cups, filling almost all the way to the top.n3. Bake until the filling is just set, 40 to 45 minutes. A sharp knife inserted into the center will come out moist, but clean. Top each cheesecake with some of the remaining 1 14 cup sour cream, about 1 heaping tablespoon, using a spoon to gently spread. Cool completely in tins on a wire rack. Refrigerate until cold, 4 hours, or overnight. Top with a dusting of pumpkin pie spice., ingredients: [18 gingersnap cookies, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 23 cup granulated sugar, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, Fine salt, 2 eggs, at room temperature, 1 14 cup, plus 13 cup sour cream, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin puree, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, plus more for dusting], title: Mini Pumpkin Cheesecakes, picturelink: null}, 5664: {instructions: Arrange the meat slices and vegetables separately on large round platters.nFill the casserole or fondue pot about 23 full with chicken stock and bring to a boil.nEach eater picks up meat and vegetables and swishes shabu shabu back and forth in the pot until cooked to desired doneness.nDip meat and vegetables in dipping sauces.nWhen foam rises to the top, skim it off with a ladle or spoon. The broth can be eaten as a soup after meat has been eaten.nWhisk all ingredients together in a bowl.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [2 pounds prime quality, wellmarbled beef, cut into paperthin slices, each slice measuring 8 by 3 inches freezing the meat for 20 minutes will facilitate slicing meat, 12 shiitake mushrooms, trimmed and wiped clean, halved, if large, 6 long onions, or 8 to 10 scallions, cut diagonally into 1 12inch lengths, 2 cakes tofu, cut into 1 12inch squares, 6 leaves Napa or Chinese cabbage, shredded, 1 cup grated giant white radish, 12 cup minced scallion, 1 12 quarts chicken stock, SoyGinger Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup mirin sweet Japanese rice wine, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 green onions, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes], title: ShabuShabu, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 5665: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Thai saute shrimp: Mix the shrimp, Thai chili garlic sauce, mai poi, basil, garlic, onion, paprika, parsley and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Let the shrimp marinate in the sauce, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile for the Asian slaw: Whisk the mayonnaise, vinegar, garlic, ginger, canola oil and sesame oil in a bowl. Mix the mayonnaise mixture with the jicama, red pepper, yellow pepper, radish, cilantro and green onions. Chill the slaw in the refrigerator, about 30 minutes.nHeat the canola oil in a saute pan. Remove the shrimp from the marinade, reserving the marinade. Cook the shrimp until golden brown on both sides. Add the leftover marinade to the pan and stir until it thickens to a sauce consistency.nPlace the rice in the center of a plate. Place the shrimp around the rice and drizzle the sauce over the shrimp. Place the Asian slaw on top of the rice. Garnish with Thai basil, cilantro and green onion., ingredients: [8 raw shrimp, peeled, deveined and tail on, 1 teaspoon Thai chili garlic sauce, 1 teaspoon mai poi sauce Thai sweet chili sauce, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh Thai basil, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon freshly chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon green onion, chopped, plus more for garnish, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon freshly chopped parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces mayonnaise, 14 ounce rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon freshly chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon freshly chopped ginger, 14 teaspoon canola oil, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 ounce jicama, sliced, 12 ounce red pepper, sliced, 12 ounce yellow pepper, sliced, 12 ounce daikon radish, sliced, 14 teaspoon cilantro, chopped, plus more for garnish, 14 ounce green onion, sliced, 1 teaspoon canola oil, for cooking shrimp, 12 cup cooked jasmine rice, for serving, ], title: Thai Saute Shrimp with Asian Slaw, picturelink: ZCBr2FU4It5Iu5mNeR73nQ7.l71dWu}, 5666: {instructions: Coat the beef with the peppercorns and marinate in oil, garlic and rosemary for 4 hours or over night, refrigerated. Season beef with salt and sear in a heavy pan. Turn beef over and place in 375 degree oven for 8 to 12 minutes depending on thickness of filet. Cook until medium rare. Place beef on top of a potato cake so that it will absorb the juices of the beef. Make 3 mounds of spinach around the beef and drizzle with Basil Oil and demiglace.nIn a large bowl, mix together potato, celeriac and scallions. Season well. In a hot nonstick pan, liberally coat with clarified butter and cover with mix. Cake needs to get brown on this side. Drizzle a little of butter on the raw side then flip the cake over and place in a 375 degree oven to cook through. Cook about 12 minutes until hot in the middle. Slice pie shaped wedges for serving.nIn a wok, add canola oil and garlic and slowly heat. Eventually, the garlic will start frying. Carefully watch garlic and strain out once the garlic is light brown and crisp. Save the oil. Wipe out wok and bring to high heat. Add 1 tablespoon garlic oil and quickly stir in the spinach. Season and add back the crispy garlic and stir in the vinegar. Check for seasoning.nIn very salted water, blanch basil and spinach for 1 minute until very soft, yet still very green. Plunge in ice bath and squeeze out water. Blend at high speed and add salt and the oil. Cover blender and blend until the cup becomes warm., ingredients: [4 7ounce slices of filet mignon, 5 peppercorn mix 2 black2 white2 green2 pink1 Szechuan, 1 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 rosemary sprig, Celeriac Potato Cake, recipe follows, Fried Garlic and Baby Spinach Saute, recipe follows, Basil Oil, recipe follows, 1 cup demiglace optional, 3 cups grated potatoes peeled then steamed, grated and chilled, 3 cups raw celeriac, grated, 12 cup green scallions, sliced, Salt and black pepper to taste, 12 cup clarified butter or ghee, 12 cup canola oil, 6 cloves of garlic, thinly sliced, 4 cups baby spinach, 12 tablespoon Chinese vinegar, Salt and white pepper to taste, 2 cups basil leaves, 1 cup spinach, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup canola oil], title: 5 Peppercorn Beef Tenderloin with CeleriacPotato Cake Fried Garlic and Baby Spinach Saute with Basil Oil, picturelink: null}, 5667: {instructions: Mix mustard and cider vinegar, drizzle in oil and whisk until thickened, add chopped chervil and season with salt and pepper.nTIP: CHOPPED SALAD IN ENDIVE LEAVESnFinely chop your favorite salad fixings such as peppers, cucumbers, onion, blue cheese and mix with your favorite vinaigrette. Separate endive leaves to equal lengths and fill for hors douevres, right before serving, ingredients: [5 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons cider vinegar measured, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 teaspoons chervil], title: Curtis Provencal Dressing, picturelink: null}, 5668: {instructions: 1. Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line twelve 12cup muffin cups with paper liners.n2. Whisk the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and nutmeg together in a medium bowl. Whisk the oil, milk, eggs, and vanilla together in another bowl. Finely grate the zest from the oranges into the wet ingredients.n3. Make a small well or space in the center of the dry ingredients. Pour the wet ingredients and raspberries into the center. Stir the wet and dry ingredients together with a wooden spoon until the dry ingredients are moistened but still a bit lumpy. Do not over mix the batter or your muffins will be dense and tough. Divide the batter evenly among the muffin liners and sprinkle the tops generously with sugar about 12 teaspoon per muffin.n4. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the centers come out clean, about 25 to 30 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through cooking. Cool muffins in the pan on a rack for 5 to 10 minutes. Turn the muffins out of the pan and cool on the rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup white or light brown sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 oranges, 1 12 cups fresh raspberries about 1 pint], title: Raspberry Orange Muffins, picturelink: null}, 5669: {instructions: Finely chop 8 cloves garlic. In a large shallow pan, combine wine, 1 cup lemon juice, chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons oregano, and 2 tablespoons rosemary season with salt and pepper. Add lamb, turning to coat. Cover, and marinate in refrigerator overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mortar and pestle, crush 6 cloves garlic and the remaining oregano and rosemary. Remove lamb from marinade, and pierce lamb with a paring knife in 10 to 12 places. Rub garlic mixture over lamb, pushing the mixture into the incisions. Transfer to a large roasting pan, and pour 3 tablespoons olive oil over lamb, rubbing to coat.nPlace potatoes around lamb in roasting pan. Crush remaining 4 cloves garlic, and toss with potatoes. Drizzle remaining 14 cup olive oil and remaining 1 cup lemon juice over potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to oven, and roast for 1 hour. Add artichokes to roasting pan, and roast 45 minutes more, basting occasionally with lemon juice. Remove from oven, and let rest for 10 minutes before carving., ingredients: [18 cloves garlic, 1 750ml bottle dry red wine, 2 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 tablespoons dried Greek oregano, 3 tablespoons dried rosemary, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 8pound leg of lamb, bone in and trimmed of fat, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil plus 3 tablespoons, 6 pounds Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut into 16 lengthwise, 8 large globe artichokes, stems, leaves, and chokes removed], title: Roasted Lamb with Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 5670: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the puff pastry rounds until golden brown, about 10 to 15 minutes. When golden, remove and let cool.nSaute pineapple with coconut cream, brown sugar, pineapple juice, coconut, and cinnamon sticks. When pineapple caramelizes, remove from the heat and carefully add the dark rum. Return to the heat and carefully flambe. Cook until the alcohol cooks off and the flames die out. Remove from heat.nTo assemble, in large serving bowl or cup, place puff pastry round first in the center. Scoop out ice cream and place on round. Serve warm pineapplerum sauce over ice cream. Garnish with some extra toasted coconut or with half cinnamon stick., ingredients: [4 3inch puff pastry rounds, 12 fresh pineapple, peeled and diced, 4 ounces cream of coconut, 4 ounces brown sugar, 7 ounces pineapple juice, 4 ounces toasted shredded coconut, plus extra for garnish, 2 cinnamon sticks, 4 ounces dark Puerto Rican rum, Vanilla ice cream], title: Sauteed Pineapples in Dark Puerto Rican Rum andCoconut Flambe Sauce on Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 5671: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: In a small bowl, whisk together Dijon mustard and white wine vinegar, then slowly whisk in olive oil in a thin stream. Blend the mixture until smooth.nBoil potatoes in water with garlic sausage until the potatoes are slightly crunchy at the center. While the potatoes are cooking, boil chicken stock and white wine until it is reduced to a scant 12 cup. Remove potatoes from water, drain, and while they are still warm, cut them into 18inch thick slices. Arrange slices on a platter, season with salt and pepper, pour the reduction over the potatoes, then turn the potatoes over and repeat the process. Allow the potatoes to absorb the reduction for 5 minutes. Cut the garlic sausage into thin rounds, and then alternate slices of potato with slices of garlic sausage for presentation.nFor the garnish: Combine tarragon, chives, parsley and Swiss cheese bits. Sprinkle this on the potatoes and sausage first, then drizzle the vinaigrette on top.nFor an alternate presentation, the potatoes and sausage can also be placed in a bowl on top of greens, then topped with the garnish and the vinaigrette.nWine: A very young Beaujolais Village from Georges DuBoeuf, ingredients: [2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 4 6ounce potatoes, peeled, 14 pound garlic sausage preferably Saucisson a LAil, 1 cup chicken stock, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon, 2 teaspoons snipped fresh chives, 2 teaspoons minced fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons Swiss cheese, finely diced, Soft leaf lettuce for example, Boston lettuce], title: Warm Potato Salad with Swiss Cheese and Garlic Sausage, picturelink: null}, 5672: {instructions: Microwave 3 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate on 75 power until melted, about 2 minutes. Beat 14 cup peanut butter, 2 tablespoons softened butter and 12 cup confectioners sugar until smooth. Roll into balls. Dip in the melted chocolate, place on a parchmentlined baking sheet and freeze for 3 minutes.nCopyright c2011 Food Network Magazine, LLC. Published by Hyperion. Available wherever books are sold. All Rights Reserved. Photograph courtesy of Antonis Achilleos., ingredients: [], title: ChocolateNut Buttons, picturelink: qMPIs439Y.TQQX1bA0Gg56hPGERXTG}, 5673: {instructions: In a medium pot add the vegetable consomme and bring to a boil. Add the diced carrot, celery root, and leeks. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes and add the grated horseradish. Let the consomme simmer for 15 minutes.nNext add the tenderloin, cover the pot and cook until the desired temperature. Approximately 9 minutes for medium. Remove the tenderloin and allow to rest for at least 10 minutes. Meanwhile, strain the consomme and continue to reduce over high heat.nWhen ready to serve, add the creme fraiche, season with salt and pepper, and incorporate the 2 ounces of the butter. The sauce should coat the back of a spoon. To present the dish, slice the tenderloin, and serve with the reduced sauce., ingredients: [1 quart vegetable consomme, 13 cup small diced carrots, 13 cup small diced celery root, 13 cup small diced leeks, 12 cup fresh grated horseradish, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, 12 cup creme fraiche, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces butter], title: Boiled Beef: Tafel Spitz, picturelink: null}, 5674: {instructions: Remove neck and giblets reserve for other uses. Remove and discard excess fat. Rinse the bird inside and out and pat dry. Season body cavity with salt and pepper. Tie legs together and twist wing tips under back. Brush turkey with oil and lightly sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange turkey breast side up, in center of cooking grate. Place lid on grill.nCook 11 to 13 minutes per pound or until an instant read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh not touching bone registers 180 degrees and the juices run clear. Transfer turkey to a platter. Let stand for 15 minutes before carving.nMethod for the Charcoal Kettle Grill: Open all vents on the grill. Use charcoal dividers to hold the charcoal briquettes. Divide the briquettes evenly, place them in the dividers and place the dividers on either side of the charcoal grate, as close as possible to the outside edges. Ignite the briquettes and, keeping the lid off, let them burn until lightly covered with a gray ash, about 25 to 30 minutes. If necessary, use longhandled tongs to rearrange the briquettes so the coals will burn evenly on both sides. Place a foil drip pan on the charcoal grate between the baskets of coals. Put the cooking grate in place, positioning the hinged sides of the grate over the briquettes so that more charcoal can be added easily. Arrange the bird breast side up in the center of the cooking grate. Place lid on the grill, leaving all vents open, and grill as directed above. Add briquettes as indicated on the chart below at the end of each hour to maintain the heat.nCharcoal Briquette Guide for Kettle Grill: For a 26 34inch grill, use 30 briquettes on each side for the first hour of grilling and add 9 briquettes to each side every hour to maintain heat.nFor a 22 12inch grill, use 25 briquettes on each side for the first hour of grilling and add 8 briquettes to each side every hour to maintain heat.nFor an 18 12inch grill, use 20 briquettes on each side for the first hour of grilling and add 7 briquettes to each side every hour to maintain heat.nMethod for the Gas Barbecue: Ignite the grill and turn all burners to high. Close the lid and preheat 10 to 15 minutes to bring the grill to 500 to 550 degrees. Turn burners down to medium heat. Place turkey breast side up in a roast holder inside a foil drip pan. Position pan in the center of the cooking grate and place the lid on the grill. For three burner grills, set front and back burners to medium and turn off center burner. For two burner grills, turn the front and back burners to medium. Keep grill covered., ingredients: [1 oven ready turkey, defrosted, 1 tablespoon olive oil or vegetable oil, Salt and pepper], title: Turkey on the Grill, picturelink: null}, 5675: {instructions: Beat 8 ounces roomtemperature cream cheese, 1 cup confectioners sugar, the zest of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon vanilla and 14 teaspoon salt with a mixer until smooth. Dissolve 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin powder in 1 tablespoon hot water beat into the cream cheese mixture along with 1 14 cups plain Greek yogurt. Pour into a 9inch graham cracker crust. Refrigerate until set, about 3 hours. Microwave 2 tablespoons honey 20 seconds. Stir in 1 tablespoon lemon juice, then toss with 2 cups sliced strawberries spoon around the edge of the pie., ingredients: [], title: Strawberry Cheesecake Pie, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 5676: {instructions: Melt the first two cocoas with sugar and butter in a double boiler, creaming to a smooth paste. Add all remaining chocolates and continue melting, slowly dribbling the milk into the mixture, stirring constantly until smooth as silk. Cool to room temperature and use for Frozen Hot Chocolate, substituting 12 cup milk for 12 pint milknIn a quart blender place all ingredients blend. As texture smoothens , add more milk or ice to achieve desired consistency. When a thick stage is reached, pour into a grapefruit bowl, top with a mound of whipped cream, sprinkle with grated chocolate. Insert two straws for sipping and an iced teaspoon for devouring., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons each: sweetened Van Houton cocoa and Droste cocoa, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon sweet butter, 12 cup milk, 3 Godiva flavors, dark and light chocolate to taste, 12ounce each of the following worldclass chocolates: Callebaux,Valhrona, Lindt, Cadbury, Aston Berg, Freia, Marabo, Girardelli, Cocoa Barry, 1 generous ladle of the Blend of imported chocolates, 12 pint milk, 12 quart crushed ice], title: Serendipitys Frozen Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 5677: {instructions: Combine all the tartar sauce ingredients in a small bowl, using salt to taste. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nRinse the fish under cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Cut into 1inch pieces and put in a bowl with the Worcestershire sauce, garlic, salt and pepper. Turn the fish to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 20 minutes or up to 4 hours.nPlace the flour in a shallow dish and toss the fish pieces in it, a few at a time, until evenly coated. Heat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. To see if its hot enough, place a small piece of bread in the oil it should sizzle immediately. Carefully add a few pieces of fish at a time, shaking off excess flour before placing them in the oil. Fry until golden brown, 4 to 6 minutes transfer to a papertowellined plate.nMeanwhile, heat a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add a tortilla and warm for 10 to 20 seconds on each side. Place on a plate and cover with a kitchen towel repeat with the remaining tortillas.nSpread a dollop of the chipotle tartar sauce on a warmed tortilla. Add a few pieces of cucumber and top with 3 or 4 pieces of fish, a few arugula and cilantro leaves and a little orange zest. Serve with lime wedges and more tartar sauce on the side.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 to 2 chipotles in adobo sauce seeds removed, finely chopped, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 scallion, white and light green parts only, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Salt, 2 pounds skinless red snapper fillets or other firm, flaky white fish, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 8 8inch flour tortillas, 1 cucumber, peeled, quartered lengthwise, seeded and sliced into 12inch pieces, 2 cups arugula leaves, 1 cup fresh cilantro, Zest of 2 oranges, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Crackling Fish Tacos with Chipotle Tartar Sauce, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 5678: {instructions: Cook meat, bell pepper, onion and garlic in large skillet over mediumhigh heat 5 to 7 minutes or until meat is crumbled and no longer pink, stirring occasionally drain. Reduce heat to mediumlow stir in Beefaroni, mustard, sugar, chili powder, salt and Worcestershire sauce. Cover and simmer 15 minutes.nSpoon meat mixture onto bottom halves of buns. Close with top halves. Garnish with pickle chip, if desired., ingredients: [1 pound ground sirloin beef 90 lean, 112 cups chopped green bell pepper, 1 cup chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 cans 15 oz each Chef Boyardeeu00ae Whole Grain Beefaroni, 4 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard, 2 teaspoons packed brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 24 mini sandwich buns], title: Chef Boyardeeu00ae SloppyRoni Sliders, picturelink: iDxMl8qaEJwboeLyUHy7X9K9.WZGGxa}, 5679: {instructions: In a large pot, add sausage and cook until browned and cooked through. Drain grease and add flour to sausage. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the sausage is wellcoated with the flour. Add milk and stir until desired thickness and add salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with biscuits.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 ounces hot bulk sausage, 12 ounces mild bulk sausage, 4 tablespoons flour, 12 gallon milk, Salt, Pepper, Biscuits, store bought or homemade], title: Biscuits and Gravy, picturelink: null}, 5680: {instructions: To make the filling, combine milk and sugar in a nonreactive saucepan, preferably enameled iron. Strip the zest from the lemons with a sharp vegetable peeler, making sure you remove the yellow zest but none of the white pith beneath. If you do remove some of the white pith, scrape it off the strips of zest with the point of a paring knife and discard it. Add the zest to the milk and sugar and bring to a simmer over low heat. Remove from heat and allow to steep for 5 minutes remove the strips of zest with a slotted spoon or skimmer and discard them.nSqueeze lemons to make 12 cup strained juice. Place juice in a mixing bowl and whisk in cornstarch, then yolks.nReturn milk and sugar mixture to a boil over low heat and whisk about a third of the boiling milk into the lemon juice mixture. Return remaining milk and sugar mixture to a boil once more and whisk the lemon juice and yolk mixture back into it, whisking constantly until the filling comes to a boil and thickens. Allow to boil, whisking constantly, for about 30 seconds. Remove from heat, whisk in butter and pour into a nonreactive bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface of the filling and chill until it is approximately 75 degrees. If you prepare the filling in advance, let it come to room temperature before proceeding.nSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Roll out the dough to make bottom crust and arrange in pan. Chill crust until firm.nTo bake the crust, pierce it all over with the tines of a fork at 12inch intervals. Line it with a disk of parchment or waxed paper and fill with cherry stones or dried beans. Bake about 20 minutes, until lightly colored. Remove paper and beans and continue baking until the crust is a deep golden brown. Cool crust on a rack.nSpread the cooled filling evenly in the cooled crust.nSet a rack at the middle level of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees.nTo make the meringue bring a small pan of water to a boil. Lower heat so that water simmers. Combine egg whites, sugar and salt in the bowl of the mixer or if you are using a hand whisk another heatproof bowl. Place bowl over pan of simmering water and whisk gently for about 2 minutes, until egg whites are hot about 140 degrees and sugar has dis solved. Whip meringue on medium speed until it has cooled and is able to hold a shape, but it should not be dry. Distribute spoonfuls of the meringue all over the top of the pie, then use the back of a spoon or a small offset metal spatula to spread the meringue evenly. It should cover the top of the pie and touch the edges of the crust all around. Here and there, bring up the surface of the meringue so that it is swirled. Place the pie on a cookie sheet and bake for about 5 to 10 minutes, until the meringue is colored evenly. Cool on a rack., ingredients: [Flaky Pie Dough for a 1crust pie, about 10 ounces, 2 cups milk, 23 cup sugar, 3 to 4 medium lemons, 14 cup cornstarch, 4 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 egg whites, 23 cup sugar, Pinch salt], title: Lemon Cream Meringue Pie, picturelink: null}, 5681: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the oils over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until lightly browned. Add broccoli, mushrooms, carrots, pepper, and onion and cook an additional 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the water chestnuts. In a small bowl, combine broth, hoisin sauce, soy sauce, ginger, and cornstarch. Add to chicken mixture and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce heat to medium to mediumlow, and simmer for 4 to 5 minutes, or until sauce thickens. Serve over hot, cooked rice noodles., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 bunch broccoli, cut into florets, 1 package shiitake mushrooms, 2 to 3 carrots, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 cup onion, diced, One 8ounce can sliced water chestnuts, drained, 1 cup chicken broth, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon powdered ginger, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Serving suggestion: Hot, cooked rice noodles], title: Chicken StirFry, picturelink: kXFiiW8x9ngjla02c2CpCFQ31Ugxu}, 5682: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the potato inside to bake for 1 hour.nThough these shrimp are served in the shell, run a small, sharp knife down the length of the shrimp to devein them. In a large saucepan, combine the water, lemon, parsley, peppercorns, bay leaves, salt, and hot sauce. Stir to blend and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat and allow the liquid to cool for a few minutes. Add the shrimp and allow them to sit in the liquid, off the heat, until they are cooked in the middle, 3 to 5 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the shrimp and drain them on a kitchen towel. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nWhen the potato is tender check by piercing with the tip of a knife, shut the oven off, remove the potato, and place it on a flat surface. Sprinkle the curry powder in a thin layer in an oven proof skillet and toast it in the oven with the door open until you smell the aroma of the curry, 2 minutes. Remove and set aside to cool. Split the potato in half lengthwise and scoop out the flesh. Transfer the flesh to a blender and add the warm water, egg yolks, mustard, and lemon juice. Pulse to blend. Add the curry powder and a splash of vinegar, if desired. With the blender running, pour a steady stream of the olive oil through the top, start with 12 cup and then taste. If needed, add more olive oil. Serve the sauce in a bowl on the side with the shrimp., ingredients: [1 Idaho baking potato, washed and dried, 2 pounds shrimp, fresh or frozen, in the shells, 2 12 quarts water, 1 lemon, cut into slices, 1 small bunch fresh parsley, washed, 16 black peppercorns, 4 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt plus more for seasoning, Splash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 tablespoons good quality curry powder, 2 tablespoons warm water, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, Red wine vinegar, 12 to 34 cup olive oil], title: Poached Shrimp with Bay Leaves and Lemon, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 5683: {instructions: Fill a large saucepan with water and bring to a boil. With a ladle, slowly lower the eggs into the water, one by one. Reduce the heat to a low boil and cook for 10 minutes. Drain. When the eggs are cool enough to handle, remove the shells.nSlice each egg in half lengthwise. Remove the yolks and place them in a food processor. Arrange the whites cutside up on a serving platter. To the food processor, add the mayo, mustard, salt and pepper. Process until well blended and smooth, then transfer to a resealable plastic bag. With scissors, snip off a bottom corner from the bag. Using the bag like a pastry bag, pipe the yolk mixture into the egg whites. Sprinkle with paprika. Cover loosely and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Sweet paprika, for garnish], title: Katies Deviled Eggs, picturelink: ea5AxIMPGbTNz05gSoYomjBq94xg0Rm}, 5684: {instructions: Combine veggies and dress with vinegar and oil, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 cups frozen corn kernels, defrosted, 1 can butter beans, drained, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 12 small red onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, a handful, 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, Salt and pepper], title: Summerish Succotash Salad, picturelink: null}, 5685: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Arrange the bread cubes on a rimmed baking sheet in a single layer. Bake until dried out but not toasted, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool.nMeanwhile, put the tomatoes in a colander and toss them with 1 teaspoon salt. Let stand 20 minutes, discard any juices that drain out.nWhisk the olive oil and vinegar together in a large bowl. Add the bread, tomatoes, onion, and basil and toss to coat thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 cups cubed goodquality crusty bread about half of a 7inch round loaf, 6 mediumripe tomatoes, cored and cut into 34inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, 1 cup basil leaves, torn], title: Classic Panzanella, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 5686: {instructions: Put the milk with the bay leaf, onion, and pinch of paprika in a saucepan and bring just to the boil. Turn off the heat, cover, and set aside to infuse 10 minutes. Remove the bay leaf.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter 8 12cup125 ml ramekins or 1 4cup1 liter souffle dish, and dust with the grated Parmesan cheese.nIn a clean saucepan, melt the butter. Whisk in the flour and cook 1 minute. Gradually whisk over the milk, and cook, stirring, until thick, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and beat in the yolks. Stir through the cheese and herbs. Season well with salt and pepper.nBeat the whites to stiff peaks with a pinch of salt. Stir a spoonful into the yolk mixture, then pour the yolk mixture onto the remaining whites and gently fold together. Pour into the souffle dish and bake until risen and set, but still slightly creamy in the center, about 30 minutes, depending on the size of the souffle dishes. Serve immediately before it slumps., ingredients: [1 cup250 g milk, 1 bay leaf, 12 small onion, peeled, Pinch paprika, Grated Parmesan cheese, for dusting the dish, 1 12 tablespoons butter, 1 12 tablespoons flour, 3 eggs, separated plus 1 egg white, 3 ounces100 g cheese, grated or mashed, 1 generous tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Branch fresh rosemary, cut in 3], title: Cheese and Herb Souffle, picturelink: null}, 5687: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.nGrease a 9inch round, 1 12inch deep cake pan.nWith a fork, stir together the cake flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and sugar.nBeat the egg, melted butter, oil and milk in a large mixing bowl until well blended. Add the dry ingredients to the egg mixture and stir until blended. The batter will be somewhat thin and light.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for about 15 minutes, until a straw inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs. Press the center of the bread if it feels slightly firm the bread is done. Be careful not to over bake.nServe warm wedges of the cornbread with butter and honey., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 23 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 egg, room temperature, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup milk, warmed], title: Peerless Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 5688: {instructions: Mix sugar and salt well. Completely cover the salmon fillets whole or cut pieces with the sugarsalt mixture. Put in a dish, cover with plastic and refrigerate for 2 days.nRemove salmon from sugarsalt mixture and wipe clean. Place salmon in smoker. Smoke for approximately 3 hours in 140 to 165 degrees F. Remove from smoker and enjoy., ingredients: [3 pounds brown sugar, 1 pound kosher salt, 2 salmon fillets, whole or cut in pieces], title: Big Sur Smoked Smoked Salmon, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 5689: {instructions: Place 1 marshmallow horizontally on a work surface. Using a rolling pin or soup can, flatten the marshmallow by rolling back and forth over it. Using Halloweenthemed mini cookie cutters, cut into desired shapes.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, combine the cocoa, sugar, and water. Bring slowly to a boil, stirring, until the sugar and cocoa dissolve, about 2 minutes. Add the milk and the halfandhalf and continue to cook, stirring, until bubbles appear along the edges of the pan, about 5 minutes do not allow to boil. Pour into mugs and garnish with the marshmallow spooks. Serve immediately while the spooks hold their shapes., ingredients: [6 to 8 large marshmallows, 5 tablespoons unsweetened Dutchprocess cocoa, 3 tablespoons sugar, 13 cup water, 4 cups milk, 1 cup halfandhalf], title: Hot Cocoa with Marshmallow Spooks, picturelink: null}, 5690: {instructions: Blend the ice cream, blueberries, milk, malted milk powder, amaretto and 3 ice cubes in a blender on medium speed until thick and smooth. Divide among small glasses. Top with whipped cream and more blueberries.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 cup vanilla ice cream, 12 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, plus more for garnish, 14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons malted milk powder, 1 shot amaretto liqueur, Whipped cream, for garnish], title: Blueberry Malt Milkshake, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 5691: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Line a largerimmed baking sheet with a nonstick silicone mat and lightly butter.nIn a heavybottom saucepan, combine the sugar, water, and corn syrup. Bring to a boil over medium heat boil until it registers 230 degrees F on a candy thermometer, about 10 minutes. Transfer the almonds to the oven on another largerimmed baking sheet until warmed through, but not toasted.nWhen the syrup reaches 239 degrees F, stir the almonds into the syrup with 1 teaspoon salt. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the syrup is 300 degrees F and a rich caramel color immediately stir in the butter, vanilla, and baking soda.nPour the brittle mixture onto the prepared baking sheet, folding the border back towards the middle to distribute the heat evenly. Cool completely at room temperature and break into pieces., ingredients: [12 cup, plus 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup water, 14 cup corn syrup, 34 cup smoked almonds, Sea salt, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, plus more for pan, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1 teaspoon baking soda], title: Smoked Almond Brittle, picturelink: null}, 5692: {instructions: Heat a couple of inches of oil in a deep pot over medium to mediumhigh heat. The oil, 6 cups or so, will take 10 minutes or so to heat evenly. To test, a piece of bread dropped into oil should brown in a count of 20 or bubbles should form on the handle of a wooden spoon inserted into oil.nSeparate and toss the rings in buttermilk. Cover a large, deep plate with plastic wrap for easyclean up. Combine flour, cornmeal, spices, and salt on the plate. Toss 13 of the rings in the breading at a time and coat evenly. Fry 3 to 4 minutes until deep golden. Drain on a paper towel lined plate. Repeat.nCombine the sour cream with peppers and dill in food processor and process until a smooth sauce forms. Transfer to a dish for dipping. Surround with O rings and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 large Vidalia onion, sliced about 14 inch thick, 3 cups buttermilk, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups cornmeal, 2 tablespoons smoked sweet paprika, a couple of palmfuls, 1 tablespoon chili powder, a palmful, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, a palmful, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 12 cups sour cream, 2 pimiento peppers or 1 roasted red pepper, patted dry and chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh dill leaves], title: Smoked Paprika O Rings, picturelink: fUdduDvJ9yddrsxyku9E7BRBbBHWrm}, 5693: {instructions: Combine the soy sauce, Sriracha and sugar in a bowl set aside. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the Canadian bacon cook, stirring, until crisp and browned around the edges, about 4 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.nAdd 1 more tablespoon vegetable oil to the skillet, then add the mushrooms and 14 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms start browning, 4 minutes. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, the bell pepper and red onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the pepper is crisptender, about 3 minutes.nAdd the garlic, bok choy and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the bok choy is just wilted, about 2 minutes. Return the Canadian bacon to the skillet, add the soy sauce mixture and stir to combine. Serve over brown rice.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Sriracha, sambal oelek or other Asian chile sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 6 ounces Canadian bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and sliced, Kosher salt, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 heads baby bok choy, trimmed and chopped, 4 cups cooked brown rice, for serving], title: Bok Choy StirFry with Canadian Bacon, picturelink: cYYfPbIG1WiKwYZKhVO1bdcDyu.0AE2}, 5694: {instructions: Put 12 cup olive oil and garlic in a small saucepan and turn heat to high. When garlic begins to turn light brown, add the peppers and cook until garlic is medium brown. Turn off the heat and cool to room temperature. Then add the remaining 14 cup olive oil, vinegar, scallions, and parsley.nPreheat a grill.nWrap each shrimp with a piece of pancetta. Skewer a couple onto the woody end of each rosemary sprig. Grill the shrimp for 2 minutes on each side. Keep the rosemary over the end of the grill away from the direct flame. Transfer to a serving platter and spoon over vinaigrette.nChefs note: If preparing this dressing 1 day ahead, add the scallions and parsley just before serving., ingredients: [12 cup plus 14 cup olive oil, 12 cloves garlic, sliced into 18inch slices, 1 red or yellow bell pepper, diced into 14inch pieces, 18 cup sherry vinegar, 4 scallions, green parts only, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 30 extralarge shrimp 16 to 20 count, peeled, tails on, 30 paper thin slices pancetta ask deli counter to cut, 12 long sprigs fresh rosemary], title: Shrimp Spedini, picturelink: null}, 5695: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMake macaroni and cheese according to package directions. Add broccoli and stir to combine. Transfer to a mediumsize casserole dish and bake until heated through, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 package macaroni and cheese mix, 1 to 1 12 cups leftover broccoli florets], title: Macaroni and Cheese with Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 5696: {instructions: For the brownies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with foil or parchment paper.nIn the top of a double boiler over medium heat, heat the chocolate and butter, stirring, until melted, about 5 minutes. Add the granulated sugar and stir gently until combined. Remove from the heat.nIn a separate bowl, gently whisk the eggs. Add a small splash of the chocolate mixture to the eggs, stirring immediately but still gently. Then add the tempered eggs into the chocolate, stirring constantly. Add the flour and stir until combined. Pour the batter into the prepared baking pan and spread to even out the surface.nBake until just beginning to crisp at the edges, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan.nFor the salted caramel sauce: Add the brown sugar, cream, butter, vanilla and salt to a pan and cook over medium heat, whisking occasionally, until thickened and combined, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nFor the salted caramel buttercream: Add the confectioners sugar, butter and cream to a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix until light and fluffy, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the mixer off, drizzle in the salted caramel sauce, turn the mixer back on and mix until combined.nTo frost the brownies: Remove the cooled brownies from the pan, spread with the buttercream and cut into individual pieces., ingredients: [6 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons 12 stick salted butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups confectioners sugar, 2 sticks 1 cup salted butter, 14 cup heavy cream], title: Salted Caramel Frosted Brownies, picturelink: 3rlQ38sSGq5mBH7sWEVik9ZcvcHgJry}, 5697: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, shallots, salt, and pepper. Add the olive oil in a thin stream, whisking all the time, until completely emulsified. Set aside.nIn a skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium high heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently, for about 5 minutes, or until golden. Set aside.nIn a large serving bowl, combine the spinach leaves with the chiles and the tomatoes. Add the onions and the dressing and toss gently together to coat all the ingredients, but do not break the tomatoes apart.nServe the salad on individual plates, sprinkling the sesame seeds and cheese over each., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 3 small shallots, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium yellow onion, sliced 14inch thick, 6 cups loosely packed spinach leaves, 3 pickled chipotle or morita chiles see Note, cut into very thin strips, 4 ripe plum tomatoes, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 3 tablespoons grated Mexican manchego cheese], title: Ensalada de Espinaca Coyoacan, picturelink: null}, 5698: {instructions: Cut broccoli rabe into 1inch wide florets. Blanch in a 6 to 8 quart pot of boiling salted water, uncovered, 2 minutes. Transfer with slotted spoon to a large colander to drain, reserving broccolicooking liquid in pot, then transfer broccoli to a bowl.nReturn cooking liquid to a boil and cook spaghetti, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes pasta will not be fully cooked. Reserve 1 cup of pasta water and drain pasta in colander and return empty pot to stovetop. Add wine and sugar to pot and boil vigorously 2 minutes until liquid is reduced a bit. Add spaghetti and shake pot to prevent pasta from sticking. Gently stir with tongs until coated and boil over high heat, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is absorbed, about 6 minutes pasta will be al dente. Immediately after adding spaghetti to wine mixture, cook garlic and red pepper flakes in the olive oil in a large, deep skillet over moderately low heat, shaking skillet occasionally, until garlic is pale golden, about 5 minutes. Add broccoli, salt, and pepper and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add 12 cup of reserved pasta water.nPour broccoli into skillet with the spaghetti mixture and carefully toss with tongs to combine skillet will be very full. Cook while stirring, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat, season with freshly ground black pepper and drizzle with a bit of olive oil. Stir in the grated cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 34 pounds broccoli rabe, thick stems discarded, 1 pound spaghetti, 1 bottle red wine 750 ml  preferably Zinfandel, 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: RedWine Spaghetti with Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 5699: {instructions: Combine all of the ingredients in a bowl and mix well. Divide into 4 bowls and top with chervil leaves. Serve immediately well chilled., ingredients: [12 pound Nantucket Bay scallops, 12 lemon, juiced, Pinch coarse sea salt, 2 turns fresh black pepper, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, from Ocane, preferably, 2 sprigs fresh cleaned chervil], title: Nantucket Bay Scallops Crudo, picturelink: null}}