{56700: {instructions: For the bean dip: Heat the oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic, jalapenos and onions and season with salt stir for a few minutes to soften. Add the cayenne, coriander, cumin and paprika and cook, stirring, until fragrant. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Transfer to a food processor, add the beans and puree until smooth. Store the dip in an airtight container in the refrigerator until ready to serve. The dip can be served hot or cold.nFor the green chili sloppy joses: Heat the broiler. Arrange the poblanos, tomatillos and jalapeno on a baking sheet and broil, leaving the oven door slightly ajar to allow steam to escape, turning occasionally with tongs, until charred on all sides. Place the poblanos in a bowl, cover and let cool. Place the tomatillos and jalapeno in the cleaned food processor. Peel and seed the poblanos and add to the food processor along with the honey and lime juice. Season with salt and puree until smooth, adding a splash of water if needed.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the ground pork and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, crumbling the pork with a spoon, until browned. Stir in the garlic and onions, then add the Worcestershire sauce, coriander, cumin and oregano. Deglaze with the beer, stirring and scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the skillet with a wooden spoon, 1 minute. Stir in the poblanotomatillo puree and adjust the seasonings.nSpoon the pork mixture onto the rolls and top with the shredded cheeses, red onions and pickles if using. Serve the sandwiches with the bean dip and tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive or vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, One 15ounce can vegetarian spicy refried beans, Tortilla chips, for dipping, 4 poblano or 6 green New Mexico chile peppers, 4 large tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 1 jalapeno pepper, stemmed, 3 tablespoons honey, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, 2 pounds ground pork, Freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, plus more for serving, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 cup lager beer, 8 soft sandwich rolls, 1 cup shredded Swiss cheese, 1 cup shredded pepper jack cheese, 1 cup chopped dill pickles or sweet bread and butter pickles, optional], title: Green Chili Sloppy Joses with Refried Bean Dip and Chips, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 56701: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nGrease a 9 or10inch cast iron skillet or a 9inch square pan. In a large bowl combine cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt.nIn a liquid 2cup measure or a small bowl, mix the egg and buttermilk together. Stir buttermilk mixture into dry ingredients. Stir in melted butter and mix gently. Add corn, 23 cup cheddar cheese and minced jalapenos. Pour batter into prepared pan and top with remaining cheddar cheese. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until an inserted knife comes out clean. Let cool for 5 minutes and invert onto a cooling rack., ingredients: [1 cup fine cornmeal, 1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Dash salt, 1 egg lightly beaten, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 cup grated orange cheddar, 2 pickled jalapenos, minced, 4 tablespoons melted butter], title: Black Skillet Cornbread, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 56702: {instructions: Soak rice beans in cold water 8 hours or overnight. Drain, rinse and drain again. Place soaked beans in a medium heavy pot with enough cold water to cover by an inch. Add onion and bay leaf. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer very gently 30 minutes. Add 1 teaspoon salt, and cold water to just cover the beans if necessary. Cook an additional 2030 minutes until beans are creamy inside but still intact. Remove onion and bay leaf and reserve.nHeat olive oil in large kettle over high heat. When smoking, add onions, 1 teaspoon salt, and freshly ground pepper. Stir and cook 5 minutes until softened. Add garlic and chiles and cook one minute to release their aroma. Add corn kernels, stock or water, chayote, and rice beans with the cooking liquid. Bring to a boil, turn down heat and simmer 15 minutes. Stir in peppers, crab, and crema and warm through. Serve garnished with minced chives., ingredients: [1 cup rice beans or other very small white beans, 1 onion, cut in half and stuck with 2 cloves, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 garlic cloves, minced or pureed, 12 jalapeno chiles, seeded and minced, 2 cups corn kernels, from about 6 ears, 2 quarts chicken stock, vegetable stock or water, 2 chayote squash, diced, 2 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 pound lump crabmeat, picked over, 12 cup crema, creme fraiche or sour cream, Minced chives for garnish], title: Corn Chowder with Rice Beans, Chayote and Crab, picturelink: null}, 56703: {instructions: For the sopes: Mix the masa harina with the salt and slowly add 1 cup water. Combine until the masa turns into a soft dough and forms a ball. Grab a small ball of dough about the size of a lemon and form a patty 12inch thick. In a saute pan, add 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and lightly fry the patty on both sides for 2 to 3 minutes each side. Remove from the pan and cool slightly. Add more vegetable oil to the pan, about a 12inch up the side of the pan, and heat. In the meantime, start forming the sopes by pushing into the center of each patty to create a small shallow bowl or sope. Fry the sopes for a second time until golden brown. Set aside.nFor the clam salsa: Bring a small pot of water to a boil and add the tomatoes, onion and jalapeno. After 10 to 15 seconds, pull out the tomato and peel the skin. Place in a blender. Continue to boil the onion and jalapeno for 10 more minutes. Remove from the pot and add to the blender. Add the clams to the water and cover. Cook over high heat until the clams open, about 5 minutes. In the meantime, add the cilantro, garlic and salt to the blender and pulse 1 to 2 minutes. Pour into a bowl and set aside. Once the clams have cooked, remove the meat from the shells and add to the salsa. Taste and adjust seasoning if necessary.nFor the huevos rancheros: In a saute pan over medium heat, add the olive oil and eggs. Just as the eggs start coming together, add the tomatoes, cilantro and beans. Scramble until soft. Season with salt and pepper.nTo build the sopes: On each sope, place a spoonful of the eggs, top with salsa and include 3 to 4 clams. Top with some cojita cheese and a drizzle of hot sauce., ingredients: [2 cups masa harina, 1 teaspoon salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 Roma tomatoes, cored and scored, 1 red onion, quartered, 1 jalapeno, 12 to 15 clams, 5 sprigs fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 eggs, 1 Roma tomato, diced, 5 sprigs fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 cup canned black beans, rinsed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cojita cheese, crumbled, Asian hot sauce recommended: Sriracha], title: Huevos Rancheros with Clam Salsa on Handmade Sopes, picturelink: mIZeq2nCi6.p0xlKaKSVIvLJ3WtU8KO}, 56704: {instructions: In a blender blend all ingredients until smooth but still thick. Divide mixture between 2 tall glasses and sprinkle with cinnamon., ingredients: [1 cup freshly brewed espresso, cooled to room temperature, 2 cups ice cubes, 14 cup halfandhalf or whole milk, 3 tablespoons superfine sugar, or to taste, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 cup Kahlua or other coffeeflavored liqueur if desired, Garnish: Cinnamon], title: Frozen Cappuccinos, picturelink: null}, 56705: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In metal bowl, combine sugar and flour. In another bowl, lightly beat the eggs and add them to the sugar mixture, combining well. Blend the butter into the mixture using the back of a spoon. Add the buttermilk and blend with a whisk. If the butter has not incorporated by this step set the bowl over a pan of simmering water to help soften the butter. Add the lime juice, vanilla and nutmeg. Blend well. Slowly pour the custard filling into the pie crust. Set the pie on a baking sheet and place it in the oven for 1 hour. Remove pie and let it cool before cutting.nCombine the butter, shortening, 2 cups of the cake flour, and 1 cup of the allpurpose flour. Blend together. Stop mixer, scrape the sides and add remaining 2 cups of cake flour and remaining 1 cup of allpurpose flour. Blend to combine completely. Mix sugar and salt into 14 cup of the water and add it to the flour mixture. Blend briefly and add the remaining water if needed. The dough should not be overworked and should make a solid piece when held in your hand. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured smooth surface and knead it several times. Divide the dough into portions and flatten it. Wrap unused dough in plastic. Roll out the dough to fit a 9inch pie pan. Reserve any unused dough in the freezer for another use.nPreheat oven to 475 degrees F. Prick bottom and sides of pastry with fork. Bake 12 minutes or until light brown. Cool on wire rack., ingredients: [1 34 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon flour, 4 eggs, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon ground nutmeg, Pie Crust, recipe follows, 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup solid vegetable shortening, 4 cups cake flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 3 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Buttermilk Pie Filling, picturelink: null}, 56706: {instructions: Cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1inch, then simmer until just tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Potatoes will continue to cook after draining do not overcook or they will break apart. Drain potatoes and rinse under cold water until slightly cooled. Halve lengthwise and while still warm gently toss with 1 tablespoon vinegar. Cool potatoes to room temperature, then season with salt and pepper.nWhile potatoes cook, in a food processor pulse mixed herbs, shallots, garlic until finely chopped. Add oil, zest and remaining 3 tablespoons vinegar in a food processor until finely chopped.nToss potatoes with herb dressing., ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling potatoes and purple and red potatoes, 4 tablespoons cider vinegar, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 1 cup fresh mixed herbs, coarsely chopped, 1 12 shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest], title: Fingerling Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 56707: {instructions: In a small saucepan, bring the halfandhalf, water, and sugar to a simmer. Remove from the heat and whisk in the cocoa, malt powder, and vanilla extract until completely dissolved. Strain, then set aside to cool.nTransfer to an ice cream maker and freeze according to the manufacturers instructions. Put the finished frozen egg cream in a storage container and freeze until firm.nServe garnished with whipped cream and mint sprigs., ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 34 cup water, 1 14 cups sugar, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa, 12 cup malt powder, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Whipped cream, as a garnish, Mint sprigs, as a garnish], title: Frozen Chocolate Malted Egg Cream, picturelink: null}, 56708: {instructions: In a medium size pot, place a knob of butter and sear the beef until brown. Add the diced vegetables and sweat for 5 minutes. Add the thyme, rosemary, about half the bottle of beer and reduce by half. Add the brown sauce and cook for 10 minutes.nFinish the beef by pouring in the rest of the beer and serve with roasted carrot and parsnip and champ potato, if desired., ingredients: [Knob of butter, About 2 pounds beef fillet, diced, 1 cup diced onion, 1 cup diced celery, 1 cup diced leek, Sprig thyme, Sprig rosemary, 1 pint Guinness, 1 quart brown sauce], title: Beef and Guinness Stew, picturelink: null}, 56709: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine wine, water, vanilla bean and lemon juice. Simmer for 5 minutes. Add pears to poaching liquid and poach for 8 minutes. Remove pears from poaching liquid and continue to reduce sauce by onehalf to onethird. Plate pears and pour reduced sauce around each one., ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 4 cups water, 1 vanilla bean, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, plus extra to prevent pears browning, 4 pears, peeled and cored Bosc, Bartlett, 2 14 cups sugar], title: Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 56710: {instructions: Cook rice according to package directions, using 1 teaspoon salt. Cool completely.nCook sausage in a skillet over medium heat, stirring until it crumbles and is no longer pink drain well. Let cool.nStir together rice, sausage, black beans, and next 4 ingredients in a large bowl. Spoon about 13 cup rice mixture in center of each egg roll wrapper. Fold top corner of wrapper over filling, tucking tip of corner under filling fold left and right corners over filling. Lightly brush remaining corner with egg tightly roll filled end toward the remaining corner, and gently press to seal.nPour oil into heavy Dutch oven heat to 375 degrees F. Fry egg rolls, in batches, 2 to 3 minutes or until golden. Drain on wire rack over paper towels. Serve with Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce. Garnish, if desired.nProcess first 5 ingredients in a food processor until smooth. Garnish, if desired. Note: For a beautiful presentation, cut top from 1 large red bell pepper, reserving top remove and discard seeds and membrane, leaving pepper intact. Arrange bell pepper on a serving plate, and fill with sauce., ingredients: [1 5ounce package yellow rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound ground hot pork sausage, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 14.5ounce can Mexicanstyle diced tomatoes, undrained, 2 cups 8 ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 6 green onions, finely chopped, 1 1.25ounce package taco seasoning mix, 28 egg roll wrappers, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 4 cups peanut oil, Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, Garnish: fresh cilantro sprigs, 2 10ounce cans Mexicanstyle diced tomatoes, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 2 cups loosely packed fresh cilantro leaves about 1 bunch, 1 cup sour cream, 3 garlic cloves, minced, finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves for garnish], title: TexMex Egg Rolls With Creamy Cilantro Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56711: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake pie shell until just golden around edges, about 12 minutes set aside.nIn a medium bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, combine chocolate and butter. Cook, stirring, until melted and combined, 5 to 8 minutes keep warm.nIn a medium bowl, whisk egg yolks and 2 tablespoons sugar until stiff peaks form. In a second bowl, whisk the egg whites and a pinch of sugar until frothy, then slowly beat in the remaining sugar and whip just until stiff peaks form. Fold the yolk mixture into the chocolate mixture until partially combined fold into half of the white mixture. Add the remaining whites and fold until combined.nScoop the mixture into the pie shell fill to the top of the shell. Bake until the pie doubles in size, has a crust on top, and is cakelike on the outside, but still soft in the center, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 9inch pie shell, homemade or store bought, 5 ounces 64percent dark chocolate, chopped, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 large eggs, whites and yolks separated, 14 cup sugar], title: Chocolate Souffle Tart, picturelink: null}, 56712: {instructions: In a saucepan add the vegetable oil and ground beef and cook for about 15 minutes or until the meat turns dark brown and is tender. Add the salt and carrots and cook another 5 minutes. Then add the onion and cook until the onions turn translucent. Add the tomatoes and chipotle peppers and cook for another 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 32 ounces ground beef, 14 tablespoon salt, 10 ounces carrots, sliced, 1 onion, diced, 3 tomatoes, diced, 3 ounces canned chipotle peppers, diced], title: Picadillo, picturelink: null}, 56713: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large heavy saucepan over medium high heat. When hot, add the onion, garlic, bell peppers, tomatillos, oregano, chili powder, cumin, and chipotle pepper. Lower the heat to medium low and saute, stirring often, until the onions and peppers are soft and limp, about 10 minutes. Add the wine, turn up to medium high, and stir until most of it evaporates, about 2 minutes. Add the bay leaf and tomatoes, turn the heat down to medium and simmer gently, covered, until the sauce thickens, about 20 minutes. Stir in the beans, and add the clams, shrimp, and scallops and cook just until the shrimp are bright pink and the scallops are white, and no longer glossy, about 5 minutes, ingredients: [1 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large onions, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, crushed and minced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and sliced, 1 green bell pepper, cored, seeded, and sliced, 2 tomatillos, papery skin removed, minced optional, 14 cup minced fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, or 1 tablespoon crumbled dried, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons chipolte pepper flakes, or to taste optional, 14 cup red wine or white wine, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups chopped peeled tomatoes, fresh or canned, 1 to 2 cups kidney beans andor black beans, Salt, 13 pound minced clams, drained, 12 pound shrimp, shells removed, 12 pound sea scallops, rinsed, patted dry, and cut into halves or quarters, depending on size], title: Seafood Chili, picturelink: null}, 56714: {instructions: In a saucepan, add peanut oil and heat. When the oil is hot, add the shrimp and saute quickly, just until they start to turn pink, but are not cooked through. Remove the shrimp from the pan to a plate.nAdd the garlic, ginger, green onion, lemongrass, apple, galangal, and bananas to the same pan and saute until soft with no color, about 4 minutes. Add cumin and curry powder and saute for 1 minute. Add the lemon, lime, and orange juice along with the tamarind paste, coconut milk, and cilantro. Bring to a boil and simmer for 20 minutes.nStrain the sauce and return to the heat. Add the Thai basil and kaffir lime leaves.nPlace the shrimp in the sauce and cook until just heated through. Place some rice on each plate. Top the rice with 3 shrimp and surround with the sauce.nRinse the rice 2 or 3 times and drain well. Set up a bamboo steamer on the stove. Place the rice in a metal bowl and fill with boiling water until the water is 12 inch above the rice. Place the bowl in the steamer and steam until tender, about 20 minutes.nRemove the cooked rice from the steamer and cool slightly. To the slightly cooled rice, add the butter, orange zest, cumin, and coconut. Stir until well mixed and add the saffron. Before serving, stir in the cilantro., ingredients: [2 ounces peanut oil, plus 2 ounces, 24 jumbo shrimp, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 14 cup chopped ginger, 14 cup chopped green onions, 2 stalks lemongrass, chopped, 1 green apple, cored and chopped, 12 cup chopped galangal, 2 bananas, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 tablespoons curry powder, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 lime, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 4 tablespoons tamarind paste, 5 cups coconut milk, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 14 cup torn Thai basil leaves, 3 kaffir lime leaves, Coconut Rice, recipe follows, 2 cups jasmine rice, 14 pound butter, 1 orange, zested, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 cup fresh grated coconut, Pinch saffron, 14 cup chiffonade cilantro, Thai basil, or mint leaves], title: Shrimp with Banana Curry and Steamed Coconut Rice, picturelink: null}, 56715: {instructions: In a large saucepan of salted boiling water add spaghetti and cook until al dente.nHeat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook stirring occasionally for 3 to 5 minutes or until the onion is soft.nAdd the tomatoes, cilantro, broth and salt and simmer 2 minutes. Drain pasta, add to saucepan and cook tossing until combined well. Transfer to a warm serving platter and serve hot., ingredients: [12 ounces linguine, 1 cup packed cilantro leaves and slender stems, 23 chicken stock, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup shallots or onions, minced, 2 teaspoons garlic, minced, 1 pound tomatoes, peeled, seeded, diced and drained, Kosher salt to taste], title: Spaghetti with Cilantro Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56716: {instructions: Heat oven to 400degreesF. Spray bottom only of 9inch square pan with cooking spray. In medium bowl, stir muffin mix, pumpkin, water, oil and eggs just until blended batter may be lumpy. Spread in pan.nBake 17 to 21 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely, about 1 hour.nIn small bowl, mix cream cheese, powdered sugar, milk and vanilla until smooth drizzle over bars. Sprinkle with walnuts. For bars, cut into 4 rows by 4 rows., ingredients: [Bars, 1 box 15.3 oz Betty Crocker Fiber One apple cinnamon muffin mix, 2 cups canned pumpkin not pumpkin pie mix, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 eggs, Topping, 1 package 3 oz cream cheese, softened, 4 cups powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 cups chopped walnuts], title: Apple Cinnamon Pumpkin Bars, picturelink: n8p6E8C1IMx8cBzoxgyWfDQj3oAyb2}, 56717: {instructions: To make the praline, combine the sugar and water in a sauce pan and cook mixture, stirring and washing down any sugar crystals with a brush dipped in water, until mixture is clear. Let it cook, undisturbed, until deep golden.nTo caramelized sugar add the hazelnuts. Stir to coat.nOil a marble slab. Pour the mixture onto the marble, smooth it into even layer and let it cool completely. Once cooled, chop into approximately 14 inch pieces.nTo make the Italian meringue, combine in a pan the sugar, lavender honey, and the water. Cook it following same procedure as for praline, until a candy thermometer registers hard ball stage 248 degrees.nBeat 3 egg whites to soft peaks. With machine running add, in a stream, the cooked sugar syrup. Beat until completely cool.nMacerate 1 12 cups dried cherries in 14 cup kirsch for 30 minutes. Then drain over a bowl Whip 2 cups heavy cream.nFold half the praline, half the drained cherries and half the whipped cream into the meringue. Then do it again. Transfer to an 8 cup terrine, lined with plastic wrap. Cover mold with plastic wrap and freeze overnight. Unmold, remove the plastic wrap, and slice., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 14 cup water, 1 cup skinned hazelnuts, 13 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons lavender honey, 14 cup water, 3 egg whites, 1 12 cups dried cherries, 14 cup kirsch, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Dried Cherry Nougat Glace, picturelink: null}, 56718: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 180 degrees C 350 degrees F Gas 4. Lay out 6 sheets of filo pastry on a clean tea towel, overlapping each by an inch or so, so they cover the tea towel.nCooks Note: The filo should cover the tea towel completely, with just a little overhang at one of the shorter ends.nWork quickly so your pastry doesnt dry out and brush some melted butter all over it. Sprinkle over the cinnamon and 2 ounces 50 g of the sugar, then crumble over your ginger nuts to add a nice bit of crunch. Carefully layer the rest of the pastry sheets on top and brush again with butter.nUse your hands to crumble the Christmas pudding into a bowl then grate in the fruit, cores and all. You want to have about the same amount of grated fruit as youve got pudding. Add about 2 tablespoons of sugar, and mix it all together to break up the pudding a bit more. Sprinkle this all over the pastry so its roughly covered, leaving the overhang clear. Place the chocolate in a row on top of the Christmas pudding, down the short side nearest the overhang.nFold the overhang over the chocolate and pinch it up, then lift up your tea towel, and use it to help you carefully roll up your strudel. Tuck the ends under to seal it and transfer to a large nonstick pan. Brush it all over with butter then sprinkle over a little more sugar. Bake in the hot oven for about 40 minutes until crisp, golden and gorgeous looking. It might split a bit and look slightly rustic, but I think thats quite nice. Cooks Note: You could wrap an extra layer of filo round it before cooking if you want it to look a bit neater.nOnce the strudel is cooked, leave to cool, then use a serrated knife to cut the strudel inton2inch 5 cm slices. Dust these with icing sugar and serve with readymade custard from the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 sheets filo pastry if frozen, thaw, approximately 9 ounces 250 g, 4 12 ounces 125 g butter, melted, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 12 ounces 100 g Demerara sugar natural brown sugar or turbinado, 4 ginger nuts, 14 ounces 400 g leftover Christmas pudding, 3 apples or pears, or 2 quince, or a mixture of the three, 50 g goodquality chocolate 70percent cocoa solids, roughly chopped, Icing sugar confectioners sugar, for dusting, Readymade custard, to serve], title: Festive Strudel, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 56719: {instructions: In a small jar with a tight fitting lid, combine all ingredients. Attach lid, and shake vigorously to combine. Store in refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest, plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: White Wine Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 56720: {instructions: To make the salsa, mix all the ingredients together in a glass bowl. Add salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste and reserve, covered, in the refrigerator.nPlace the beans and water in a soup pot over high heat and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, until the beans are soft, about 1 12 hours. Remove from the heat.nIn a large, heavy saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Cook the onions, salt and pepper together, stirring occasionally for about 10 minutes, until lightly browned. Add garlic and cook for a few minutes longer. Add the beans and their liquid, and the chicken stock. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer and cook uncovered, stirring occasionally, for an additional 20 to 30 minutes.nTransfer the mixture to a blender and puree in batches until smooth. Keep warm in a pot over low heat, stirring frequently, until ready to serve. Serve in warm soup bowls with a spoonful of the salsa fresca and a dollop of sour cream., ingredients: [3 plum tomatoes, cored, seeded and diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, Juice of 1 lime about 1 tablespoon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups dried pinto beans, 7 cups water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 6 cups chicken stock, vegetable stock or water, 13 cup sour cream or creme fraiche, for garnish], title: Pinto Bean Soup with Salsa Fresca, picturelink: null}, 56721: {instructions: Wash the Chinese broccoli in several changes of cold water and drain thoroughly in a colander until dry to the touch. Trim 14inch from the bottom of each stalk. Stalks that are more than 12inch in diameter should be peeled with a paring knife, then halved lengthwise. Cut the broccoli stalks and leaves into 2 12inch long pieces, keeping the stalk ends separate from the leaves and buds. Remove and discard the hard rind and thick layer of fat attached to the rind from the Chinese bacon. Cut into very thin slices crosswise. In a small bowl, combine the soy sauce, rice wine, and sugar set aside. Heat a 14inch flat bottomed wok or skillet over high heat until hot but not smoking. Add the vegetable oil and garlic, and stirfry 15 seconds. Add the Chinese bacon and stirfry 30 seconds. Add only the broccoli stalks and stirfry 1 to 1 12 minutes, or until stalks are bright green. Add the leaves and continue stirfrying 1 minute, or until the leaves are just limp. Swirl in the soy sauce mixture and continue stirfrying 2 to 3 minutes, or until the vegetables are just tender but still bright green. Serve immediately., ingredients: [10 stalks Chinese broccoli gai lan, about 12 ounces, 3 ounces Chinese Bacon lop yok, store bought or homemade, 1 teaspoon thin soy sauce, 1 teaspoon Shao Hsing rice cooking wine, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, 2 garlic cloves, smashed and peeled], title: StirFried Chinese Broccoli and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 56722: {instructions: Combine the bulgur with 1 12 cups of water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium low, cover and simmer until tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain off the excess water and cool the bulgur completely.nHeat the oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomato paste, chili powder, cumin and cayenne and whisk until the oil is yellow and the spices are fragrant, about 45 seconds. Remove from the heat and let the chili oil cool to room temperature.nWhisk together the sour cream, lime zest and juice, a pinch of salt and 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nPosition an oven rack at the top of the oven and preheat the broiler. Line a baking sheet with foil. Combine the beans, cooked bulgur, cheese, breadcrumbs, 1 scallion, chili oil and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Use a potato masher to mash and combine the mixture until it holds together when squeezed. Form into 8 uniform cakes about 34inch thick.nArrange the cakes on the prepared baking sheet and generously coat each with cooking spray. Broil until a goldenbrown crust forms, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the broiler and use a metal spatula to flip each cake. Coat the tops of the cakes with cooking spray and continue to broil until the tops are golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes.nSpread the romaine on a platter, transfer the chili cakes to the platter, drizzle with the sour cream mixture and sprinkle with cheese and the remaining scallion., ingredients: [12 cup wholekernel bulgur wheat, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Large pinch cayenne pepper, 14 cup reducedfat sour cream, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt, One 15ounce can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 13 cup shredded Mexican blend cheese, plus extra for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 2 scallions, sliced, Cooking spray, 1 small romaine heart, finely shredded], title: Chili BeanandBulgur Cakes, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 56723: {instructions: Heat a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and heat for 1 minute. When the oil is hot, add the bacon and render. When golden brown and beginning to crisp, add minced carrot, celery, onion, and garlic. Add a pinch of salt and saute vegetables to a light brown. Add rosemary and brown sugar and stir. Add Chianti and vinegar to pot, stir and bring to boil. Add the tomato paste, chipotles in adobo, and the chopped tomatoes. Stir and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, skimming the top occasionally to remove any scum that forms.nWhile the BBQ gravy is simmering, make the meatballs.nIn a large bowl, mix together the meat, egg, Worcestershire, cheese, parsley, oregano, basil, onion, bread crumbs, and garlic, and season with salt and pepper. Add 12 cup of water. Knead the water into the meat mixture with your hands. Knead and roll meatballs into about 1 12inch balls. Place them in shallow saucepan on stove, add another 12 cup of water over them, and cover. Turn heat to medium, and steam for 35 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove the meatballs from the pan. Drain the juice out of the bottom of the pan, return the meatballs to it and cover them with warm BBQ gravy. Serve on top of Grilled Spaghetti., ingredients: [1 pound bacon, sliced into lardons, 12 cup olive oil, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 12 glasses Chianti, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 small can tomato paste, 1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo, 3 28ounce cans chopped tomatoes, Sea salt, preferable grey, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground sirloin, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, freshly grated, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil leaves, 1 cup onion, finely chopped, 1 cup fine dried bread crumbs, 1 clove garlic, minced, Sea salt, preferably grey, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup water], title: Meatballs in BBQ Gravy, picturelink: NqMK0yVT1yAM5n1ycf3kyWtr8b2uHO}, 56724: {instructions: For the BBQ sauce: Combine the ketchup, brown sugar, maple syrup, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and garlic in a small pot. Cook over mediumlow heat until thickened, 25 to 30 minutes. Stir in the apricot preserves, bourbon and orange zest until well combined. Season with coarsely ground black pepper.nFor the sandwiches: Cover the sweet potatoes with water in a small pot and season with salt. Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes. Drain.nMeanwhile, heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until softened, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the sweet potatoes, Pulled Poached Chicken and poaching liquid or storebought chicken stock, then pour the BBQ sauce over top. Simmer until the chicken is heated through.nFor the slaw: Combine the vegetable oil, vinegar, agave and lemon juice in a large bowl. Add the cabbage and apples and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve: Pile the BBQ chicken on the rolls and top with the apple slaw.nPlace the chicken in a pot and add the bay leaves, carrots, celery, lemons, onions, peppercorns, rosemary, thyme and some salt. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and poach the chicken for 1 hour. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones, and separate the meat into bitesize pieces. Strain the stock and reserve., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons dark amber maple syrup, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup apricot allfruit spread or preserves, 2 shots goodquality bourbon, 1 tablespoon orange zest, Coarsely ground black pepper, 1 sweet potato, peeled and cut into small dice, Salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 cups Pulled Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 1 cup poaching liquid from Pulled Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 8 soft brioche or other rolls, split, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons agave or honey, or 2 teaspoons sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 cups shredded cabbage or slaw salad mix, 1 small Honeycrisp or Fugi apple, peeled and grated on large holes of box grater or finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 4pound whole chicken, 2 bay leaves, 2 carrots, quartered, 2 ribs celery, quartered, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 large onion, quartered with root end attached, A few black peppercorns, A few stems fresh rosemary, A few stems fresh thyme, Salt], title: Pulled Chicken with Bourbon BBQ, picturelink: ZpYTMVCspTSqheyhNMOBBav8fRch8Ba}, 56725: {instructions: Place the eggs in a medium saucepan with enough water to cover and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, cover and let the eggs stand in the water for 20 minutes. Pour off the hot water and fill the saucepan with cold water. Let the eggs sit in the cold water for 5 minutes. Then crack the eggshells and peel. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour.nHalve the eggs lengthwise. Carefully remove the yolks and transfer them to a small bowl. Mash the yolks with a fork, stirring in the sour cream and mayonnaise. Reserve 1 tablespoon of the bacon and chives for garnish and add the remaining bacon and chives to the yolk mixture, stirring well. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nScoop a spoonful of the yolk mixture into each egg white half. Sprinkle the tops with the reserved bacon and chives., ingredients: [12 large eggs, 6 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 6 strips bacon, cooked and crumbled, 4 tablespoons chopped chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sour Cream and Bacon Deviled Eggs, picturelink: WR8AS9pJ3DFPPIbaRZRSyAO9lFLfSa}, 56726: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans and walnuts on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, about 6 minutes. Cool completely and roughly chop.nStir together the sour cream, chives, mayonnaise, honey, lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Add the celery, apples, grapes, cranberries and nuts and toss to combine season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup pecans, 14 cup walnuts, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced chives, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 stalks celery, thinly sliced, 2 crisp apples, such as Pink Lady or Gala, cored and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 cup green grapes, halved, 12 cup dried cranberries], title: Cranberry Waldorf Salad, picturelink: null}, 56727: {instructions: Muddle one orange slice, a maraschino cherry, and teaspoon of sugar in highball glass. Fill glass 34 fill with ice. Add bourbon and a splash of club soda. Garnish with additional orange slice and maraschino cherry., ingredients: [1 12 ounces bourbon, 12 ounce club soda, 2 orange slices, 2 maraschino cherries, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Old Fashioned, picturelink: null}, 56728: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, mix the flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt. With a food processor, pastry blender or your fingers, work the butter into the flour mixture just until it comes together and large clumps form. Fold nuts into the mixture. Chill until ready to use.nCooks Note: Crisp topping can be refrigerated up to a week or frozen for up to 2 months.nFruit Crisp Variations:nStrawberryRhubarb Crisp: Chop 2 pounds rhubarb into 12inch thick slices. Combine with 1 pound quartered strawberries, 13 cup sugar and 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice. Allow mixture to macerate for 20 minutes before transferring to a baking dish and topping with crisp topping.nRaspberryPeach Crisp: Peel 5 large peaches and slice into wedges. Combine with 1 12 cups raspberries, 1 teaspoon fresh orange zest, and 13 cup sugar. Top the mixture with crisp topping.nCranberryPear Crisp: Peel, core, and dice 4 large pears. Combine with 1 cup cranberries, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, and 13 cup sugar. Top the mixture with crisp topping., ingredients: [1 14 cups flour, 12 cup rolled oats, 12 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks, butter chilled and cut into small pieces, 12 cup nuts, coarsely chopped and toasted, Fruit Crisp Variations, recipes follow], title: Fruit Crisp Topping, picturelink: null}, 56729: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the yucca and boil until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain and place the yucca on a serving platter.nHeat the oil in a small skillet over high heat, add the onions and garlic and let cook about 1 minute, making sure the garlic and the onions dont start to brown season with salt and pepper. Pour the onions and garlic directly over the yucca. Pour the lime juice on top and sprinkle with oregano., ingredients: [4 pounds frozen yucca, 4 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced, 24 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup lime juice about 6 limes, 12 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup chopped fresh oregano leaves], title: Yucca with Cuban Mojo, picturelink: CVbO2TV5DGYFPrDbvylFQwMXsNXeZLm}, 56730: {instructions: In a wok, add canola oil and garlic and slowly heat. Eventually, the garlic will start frying. Carefully watch garlic and strain out once the garlic is light brown and crisp. Save the oil. Wipe out wok and bring to high heat. Add 1 tablespoon garlic oil and quickly stir in the spinach. Season and add back the crispy garlic and stir in the vinegar. Check for seasoning., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 6 cloves of garlic, thinly sliced, 4 cups baby spinach, 12 tablespoon Chinese vinegar, Salt and white pepper to taste], title: Fried Garlic and Baby Spinach Saute, picturelink: null}, 56731: {instructions: Grate the zucchini on the large holes of a grater onto a clean kitchen towel. Sprinkle with the salt. Let stand while you prepare the other ingredients. Wring as much liquid out of the zucchini as possible, discarding liquid.nIn a medium bowl, combine the zucchini, mint, dill, scallion, garlic, lemon zest, pepper and feta. Stir in the egg and flour and mix until well combined.nHeat enough canola oil in a pan over medium high heat to come halfway up the sides of the fritters. Form fritters, using 14 cup measure, and place gently into the hot oil. Fry, turning once, until the fritters are golden brown on each side, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove from the pan and drain on paper towels for a minute. Plate and garnish with a dollop of Greek yogurt, the picked dill and lemon zest., ingredients: [2 medium zucchini, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon chopped mint, 1 12 tablespoon chopped dill, 1 large scallion, white and green parts sliced thinly on the bias, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, Zest of one lemon, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 4 ounces feta cheese, roughly chopped, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons flour, Canola oil for frying, Greek yogurt, Picked dill, to garnish, Additional lemon zest, to garnish], title: Zucchini Fritters, picturelink: null}, 56732: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pasta dough: Put the flour and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook and stir briefly to combine. With mixer on, add the egg and egg yolk and continue to mix until well combined. Add just enough cream to make a smooth dough it should not be sticky. Wrap dough in plastic and chill for at least 1 hour.nCut the dough into 4 pieces. Keep the dough covered with plastic wrap while working with 1 piece at a time. Press the dough into a rectangle on a lightly floured surface and roll in through a pasta machine set at the widest setting, 2 or 3 times. Reduce the setting and run a few more times until the dough is as thin as possible. Place on a floured surface and keep covered.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat until smoking. Separately saute the garlic, bell pepper, tomatoes, chiles and bread cubes until lightly browned, about 2 to 3 minutes each. Remove each ingredient with a slotted spoon as it is done. Deglaze the pan with the vinegar. Place all sauteed ingredients and the deglazing liquid into a food processor and blend until smooth. Add the almonds and process until finely chopped. Add the honey and season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFor the filling: In a large bowl cover the dried cod with cold water and let soak in the refrigerator for 12 to 48 hours, depending on the saltiness of the cod, changing the water frequently.nBring a medium pot of water to a simmer. Remove the salt cod from the soaking water and place in the simmering water. Poach for 8 to 10 minutes let cool in the liquid for another 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from poaching liquid discard any bones and coarsely chop.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and shallots and cook until soft. Remove the garlic and shallots to a plate. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil to the pan and lightly saute the shrimp for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove the shrimp and slice in half lengthwise.nPlace cream in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Place the poached and chopped cod in a food processor, add shallotgarlic mixture and half of the warm cream and process until smooth. Add the pureed potatoes, remaining cream and process until just combined. With motor running add the 14 cup of oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nAssembly: Lay a sheet of pasta dough on a lightly floured work surface and distribute a heaping teaspoon sized portion of the filling on the dough, at least 2 inches apart. Place 12 piece of shrimp on top of each filling. Use your fingertip or a brush to moisten the edges of the pasta sheet with the egg wash. Carefully place a second sheet of the pasta dough on top of the first and press with your fingertips to separate the rows of filling. Repeat with the remaining dough.nWith a ravioli cutter or pastry wheel, cut straight lines vertically and horizontally to form each ravioli square. Press the edges closed with your fingertips to seal well.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Carefully drop in the ravioli and cook for about 5 minutes. Drain and serve immediately with yellow pepper sauce., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, Splash heavy cream, 4 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 yellow pepper, roasted, peeled and seeded, 2 yellow tomatoes, halved, 1 slice white bread, crust removed, cut into small cubes, 1 ancho chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 New Mexican chile, soaked in boiling water until soft, seeded and coarsely chopped, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup toasted almonds, 1 tablespoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound salt cod, 14 cup olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 shallots, finely sliced, 30 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 baking potatoes, cooked, pureed and kept warm, 1 12 cups heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pasta dough sheets, 2 eggs mixed with 2 tablespoons water, for egg wash], title: Shrimp and Salt Cod Ravioli with Yellow Pepper Romesco Sauce, picturelink: lC9FSvd6nrreN83z00bos5VGLwTTmT2}, 56733: {instructions: Combine cheeses, milk and cornstarch in a bowl and refrigerate, for 2 hours.nWhen ready to make the fondue: Set up a fondue pot, double boiler, or place a bowl over a saucepan of simmering water. Melt the butter in the pan or bowl. Then add the cheese mixture and heat gently, stirring until the cheese has melted and the mixture is thick enough to coat the back of spoon. Take care to regulate the heat to make sure the water doesnt boil, as overheating the cheese will cause it to curdle. Add the apple brandy just before serving. Keep warm and serve with the selection of dippers., ingredients: [8 ounces Gouda, rind removed and shredded, 4 ounces aged Gouda, rind removed and shredded, 34 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 to 2 tablespoons apple brandy recommended: Calvados, Bread cubes, Boiled baby potatoes, Diced apples, Diced pears], title: Fall Fondue with Gouda, picturelink: null}, 56734: {instructions: In a dry skillet on medium heat, toast the white sesame seeds until they are just beginning to turn light golden brown and fragrant. Remove from heat and spread seeds on a plate. Add the black sesame seeds to the plate if using, and stir seeds around with fingertips to combine.nBrush the tuna pieces on all sides with olive oil. Season on all sides with salt and pepper, and dip tuna pieces in the seeds, pressing to coat on all sides. Set aside on a wax foil lined cookie sheet.nWhen ready to cook, heat the 2 tablespoons olive oil on medium high in the skillet. When oil is hot, add the butter, when the butter foams, add the fish to the skillet. Let cook without moving the fish for about 1 12 to 2 minutes, until the sesame crust begins to crisp and brown. When the crust is golden brown, turn the fish and cook until the other side is golden brown and crisp, about another 2 minutes, adding additional butter if needed to keep the fish from sticking and speed up the browning. Once the second side is browned, turn the fish pieces on edge with tongs, to brown the remaining sides.nRemove from heat and set aside. Fish will be medium rare at this point. If you prefer fish more well done, place the ban with the fish in a 375 degree F oven for another 3 to 5 minutes.nTo serve, slice each portion in half and place on the pasta bed with the edges overlapping. Sprinkle with finishing salt, if desired., ingredients: [14 cup sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, optional, salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for brushing the fish, 112 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds tuna steaks, cut in 6 equal portions, approximately 1inch thick, fleur de sel], title: SesameCrusted Tuna, picturelink: null}, 56735: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss the tomatoes with the thyme, olive oil and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper in a bowl. Spread on a baking sheet and roast, stirring once or twice, until the tomatoes are slightly dried and browned in spots, 1 hour to 1 hour, 15 minutes. Cool completely.nWhisk the milk, eggs, fontina, 34 cup parmesan, the cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a large bowl. Add the bread cubes and greens and toss to coat. Pour into a 3quart baking dish, then top with the roasted tomatoes. Cover and refrigerate overnight.nThe next day, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the strata with the remaining 14 cup parmesan and bake, uncovered, until golden brown and almost set, about 45 minutes. Turn off the oven, but keep the strata inside 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [8 plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups whole milk, 8 large eggs, 10 ounces Italian fontina cheese, grated about 3 cups, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 1pound loaf sourdough bread, cut into 1inch cubes about 8 cups, 4 cups chopped greens, such as kale, spinach or arugula], title: Sourdough Strata With Tomatoes and Greens, picturelink: cykjrsmZoJ7izy71NpGh1fhJh9hJy}, 56736: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add half of the butter and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal. Add the remaining butter and pulse into peasize pieces. Add 1 egg, the lemon juice and 3 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough clumps together but has not yet formed a ball. Turn out the dough onto a piece of plastic wrap press into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet and refrigerate, 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Toss the nectarines with the honey, flour, vanilla and rosemary in a large bowl. Spoon the nectarine mixture onto the dough, leaving about a 3inch border. Fold the edge of the dough over the fruit by about 2 inches, pleating as needed. Lightly beat the remaining egg with 1 teaspoon water. Brush the dough with the egg wash. Refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes.nScatter the butter over the fruit. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 40 to 45 minutes. Let cool on the baking sheet. Serve with ricotta and honey.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, plus 1 egg for brushing, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 3 ripe nectarines or peaches about 1 14 pounds, pitted and cut into 14 to 12inch wedges, 2 tablespoons honey, plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon roughly chopped fresh rosemary, 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Fresh ricotta cheese, for serving], title: NectarineRosemary Galette with Ricotta and Honey, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 56737: {instructions: In a hot saute pan, coat with a little olive oil, and saute the shiitakes and shallots until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the chives, and ham and stir. Deglaze with both vinegars and season. Whisk in the oil, add mustard, check for seasoning and bring back to temperature. Drizzle on top of the bean sprouts to wilt. Mix well and verify seasoning.nPLATING Mold the salad in orings and drizzle with leftover vinaigrette.nWine Recommendation: Cloudy Bay, Sauvignon Blanc, Marlborough New Zealand, 1998, ingredients: [1 cup sliced shiitakes, 2 shallots, minced, 1 cup chopped Chinese chives, 12 cup sliced Chinese ham, julienned, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup Chinese black vinegar, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 1 pound bean sprouts, hair removed], title: Bean Sprout Salad with Warm Shiitakes, Chinese Chives and Chinese Ham Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 56738: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the tuna, reserving the olive oil in a separate small bowl. Break tuna into bitesize pieces with a large fork. Add the beans and capers. Into the bowl of olive oil, add the red wine vinegar. You should have 1 part vinegar to 2 parts oil  add more extravirgin olive oil if necessary. Season with salt and pepper. Pour dressing on the tuna, bean and caper mixture and allow the flavors to infuse while slicing the vegetables. Add the onion and tomatoes to tuna mixture and toss gently.nPlace the arugula on large decorative platter and top with tuna mixture. Tear fresh basil leaves over the top and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 6ounce cans dark meat tuna, packed in olive oil, 2 15ounce cans cannelini white beans, drained and rinsed, 13 cup small capers, nonpareil in brine, drained and rinsed, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Sea salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups cherry tomatoes, 2 cups fresh arugula, 6 fresh basil leaves], title: White Bean Tuna Salad, picturelink: null}, 56739: {instructions: Remove backbone of chicken with poultry shears flatten chicken out by pressing firmly on skin part of chicken so it will sit evenly in a pan.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nCombine all the dry spices and rub chicken with spice mixture, especially under the skin. Put into a resealable plastic bag and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nIn a large mixing bowl combine all the ingredients for the marinade, then add chicken to marinade and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nRemove chicken from marinade and shake off excess marinade. In a large saute pan over medium to high heat, add 4 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil. When oil is hot, place chicken skin side down and sear.nWhen skin is golden brown flip chicken and add 12 cup of marinade into pan place pan in oven and cook the chicken for 25 minutes or until chicken has internal temperature of 165 degrees F.nRemove the chicken from oven and brush with Mojito Glaze. Place chicken under broiler for 5 minutes. Remove from broiler, cut and serve immediately with more glaze on the side., ingredients: [1 2 12 to 3pound chicken, 2 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, Marinade, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Mojito Glaze, recipe follows], title: Mojito Chicken, picturelink: null}, 56740: {instructions: Remove the skirt steak from the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature.nFor the salsa verde:nTo a medium bowl, add the garlic, shallot, anchovy, capers, red chili flakes, chile, lemon zest saved juice for later, mint and parsley. Save the lemon juice just until serving  this will help prevent the herbs from turning a dark unappealing color. Add the extravirgin olive oil and freshly cracked black pepper, to taste. Set aside. Do not salt now. Allow the flavors to meld and come together.nPreheat the grill over high heat.nSeason the skirt steak with kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper and drizzle both sides with extravirgin olive oil. Put on the grill and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes for the first side, then flip. Continue to cook for another 1 12 to 2 minutes for mediumrare, remembering that the second side doesnt take as long as the first. Remove the steak from the grill to a cutting board. Let rest prior to slicing.nFor the chick pea salad:nPut a large pot of water over high heat and bring to a boil. Once at a boil, season with salt and add the chickpeas. Allow to blanch for about 10 to 15 seconds. Add the shallots and chile to a medium bowl. Drain the chick peas and add to the shallots and chile. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Toss in the parsley and mint leaves. Taste and season, if needed.nWhen ready to serve, add the lemon juice to the salsa verde. Taste and season with salt and pepper, only if necessary.nSlice the skirt steak in half and then against the grain and mound the slices onto each serving plate. Top with some of the salsa verde and the chick pea salad., ingredients: [1 whole skirt steak, fat trimmed, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 shallot, minced, 1 saltpacked anchovy, rinsed, boned and minced, 2 tablespoons saltpacked capers, rinsed, Pinch red chili flakes, 12 Fresno chile, seeded and minced, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, juice reserved, 12 cup chiffonade fresh mint leaves, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chiffonade, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Freshly cracked black pepper, Kosher salt, Salt, 3 cups fresh chickpeas, shelled, 12 shallot, thinly sliced, 12 Fresno chile, seeded and julienned, Freshly cracked black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly picked flatleaf parsley, 12 cup freshly picked mint leaves], title: Grilled Skirt Steak with Salsa Verde and Fresh Chick Pea Salad, picturelink: EebPZzgn4aRbJmNqpOFnmPrgBZH9u2}, 56741: {instructions: Combine ingredients and serve over ice. Per drink will be making enough to fit in cookie jarvase.nMuddle mint, combine with vodka, lime juice  simple syrup. Serve over ice. Per drink will be making enough to fill container., ingredients: [1.5 oz gin, .5 oz Campari, .25 oz Cointreau, 2 oz ruby red grapefruit juice, .25 ounce lemon juice, orange peel to garnish, 2 ounces vodka, 2 sprigs mint, plus more for garnish, 1 oz fresh lime juice, .5 oz simple syrup], title: Adult Cocktails, picturelink: null}, 56742: {instructions: Microwave lime in a small bowl for about 30 seconds to release essential oils, and set aside until it is just cool enough to handle. Prepare salsa by combining tomatoes, onion, bell pepper, mango, parsley, serrano pepper, and garlic. When the lime is just cooled down enough to handle, cut it in half, remove any seeds and squeeze the lime juice into the salsa. Season with salt and pepper, stir to combine and set aside.nBlanch the green beans for about 2 minutes in salted water, drain and let cool.nPrepare the dressing. Through the feed opening of a running blender add, 1 at a time, rice wine vinegar, ground ginger, garlic and parsley until a smooth paste forms. Leaving the blender running, add the olive oil in a slow stream through the feed opening. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste.nGently fold the cooled green beans with the salsa, radishes, tomatoes, and red onion. Use enough of the dressing to coat, but do not feel compelled to use all of the dressing. You can serve the rest of the dressing on the side., ingredients: [1 lime, 2 large ripe tomatoes, seeds removed and diced small, 1 small red onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced small, 1 ripe mango, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 serrano pepper, seeds and stems removed and minced use gloves and protect your eyes and nose when handling all hot peppers, 1 medium clove garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 2 pounds fresh green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 10 fresh radishes, thinly sliced, 2 large ripe tomatoes, cut into wedges, 1 red onion, medium dice, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 cloves garlic, gently crushed with the blade of a knife and quartered, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red and Green Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 56743: {instructions: Cut a slit into each date. Set the nuts into the dates with the nuts resting lengthwise on the dates. The shapes of the almond and date are similar. Dont wedge the nut too deep. It should rest halfin and halfout of the date. Arrange filled fruit on a small serving plate., ingredients: [20 whole pitted dates, 20 whole smoked almonds], title: Smoked Almond Stuffed Dates, picturelink: i9HBWKS.XbTzZ8ywDdlcan.vAbZeRwu}, 56744: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: food dehydratornCombine the sugar, salt, celery seed, chili flakes and garlic granules in a large bowl. Add the top round and mix well to fully coat. Refrigerate and let marinate for 24 hours.nPlace the strips of top round on the trays of a food dehydrator. Dry at 125 degrees F for 24 hours., ingredients: [4 cups brown sugar, 12 cup kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground celery seed, 1 tablespoon chili flakes, 1 tablespoon garlic granules, 5 pounds top round, cut into long, thin strips], title: The Country Cats Beef Jerky, picturelink: 4ulFBGSoWCrdrCB.KFb0iXAc0XzIM6}, 56745: {instructions: In a large bowl, let the white beans soak in enough water to cover them by 2 inches overnight or quicksoak them. Drain the white beans, in a saucepan combine them with enough water to cover them by 2 inches, and simmer them, uncovered, adding more water if necessary to keep them barely covered, for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until they are tender. Add the salt and simmer the white beans for 5 minutes more. Remove the pan from the heat and let the white beans stand, uncovered.nIn a heavy kettle, cook the pancetta in the oil over moderate heat, stirring, until it is crisp and pale golden, add the onion, and cook the mixture, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the carrots, the celery, and the garlic and cook the mixture, stirring, for 4 minutes. Add the zucchini, the green beans, and the potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch dice, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 4 minutes. Add the cabbage and the kale and cook the mixture, stirring, until the cabbage is wilted. Add the tomatoes and the broth and simmer the soup, covered, for 1 hour.nDrain the white beans, reserving the liquid, in a blender or food processor puree half of them with 1 cup of the reserved liquid, and stir the puree and the remaining white beans into the soup. Simmer the soup, uncovered, for 15 minutes, thin it if desired with some of the remaining reserve liquid, and season it with salt and pepper. The soup may be made 3 days in advance and kept covered and chilled. Reheat the soup, thinning it with water as desired. Serve the soup with the Parmesan, the bruschetta, and the sausages.nOn a baking sheet toast the bread slices in batches under a preheated broiler about 3 inches from the heat for about 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden, transferring them as they are toasted to a work surface. Rub 1 side of each toast slice with the cut side of a garlic clove, brush it with some of the oil, and season it with salt.nYield: 8 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 10 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [12 pound about 1 14 cups dried white beans such as Great Northern, picked over and rinsed, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 pound pancetta Italian cured pork belly, available at Italian markets and specialty foods shops or sliced lean bacon, chopped, 13 cup olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 large carrot, cut into 12inch dice, 1 rib celery, cut into 12inch dice, 3 garlic cloves, chopped fine, 2 zucchini, scrubbed and cut into 12inch dice, 14 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 pound boiling potatoes, peeled and cut into 34inch dice, 4 cups shredded green cabbage, preferably Savoy, 12 pound kale, rinsed, drained, stems discarded, and the leaves chopped about 6 cups, 1 28ounce can tomatoes, chopped coarse and drained well, 4 12 cups chicken broth, preferably lowsalt, Freshly grated Parmesan,, Garlic Bruschetta, recipe follows,, drycured sausages as accompaniments, 8 34inchthick slices crusty peasant bread preferably from a large round loaf, 3 garlic cloves, halved crosswise, 6 tablespoons olive oil preferably extravirgin, Salt], title: Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 56746: {instructions: Special equipment: A pastry bag fitted with a 10 star tip, baking sheet, parchment paper, pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWith a rubber spatula, scoop the pate a choux into the pastry bag and pipe out approximately 16 1 12inch rounds spaced 1 to 2 inches apart on the parchment paperlined baking sheet. Brush lightly with the beaten egg and place in the oven. Cook until golden and puffed, about 25 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool on a baking rack.nSplit the profiteroles nearly in half, leaving a little hinge at the back, and cradle a small scoop of vanilla ice cream inside each. Divide the profiteroles between bowls and pour over some chocolate sauce. Serve cold.nIn a small saucepan over high heat, bring the water, salt, sugar, and butter to a boil, making sure the butter is completely melted. Off the heat, add the flour all at once and beat vigorously with a wooden spoon. Return to the heat and continue beating until the dough forms a solid, smooth mass and pulls away from the sides of the saucepan. Take off the heat and empty the dough into a clean mixing bowl. Little by little add the beaten eggs, beating vigorously in between each addition, until the dough forms a smooth, supple mass. Divide the dough into 2 even quantities, 1 part to be used for the profiteroles, the other for gougeres., ingredients: [12 recipe Pate a Choux, recipe follows, 1 egg, beaten, Storebought vanilla ice cream, Storebought chocolate sauce, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 teaspoons sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, cut in pieces, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, sifted, 4 eggs, beaten], title: Profiteroles with Vanilla Ice Cream and Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 56747: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLine a 15 by 10 by 1inch baking pan with foil, allowing 2 inches of foil to hang over ends of pan, and grease foil well except overhang with 1 tablespoon butter.nMelt remaining 11 tablespoons butter with unsweetened chocolate in a large metal bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water, stirring until smooth. Remove bowl from heat and whisk in sugar, espresso powder, vanilla, and salt mixture will be grainy, then add eggs 1 at a time, whisking after each addition until batter is smooth.nToss together flour and chocolate chips in another bowl and add to batter, stirring until just combined.nSpread batter evenly in baking pan and bake in middle of oven until top is firm and edges just begin to pull away from sides of pan, about 20 minutes do not overbake.nCool in pan on a rack 5 minutes, then carefully lift brownies from pan by grasping both ends of foil and transfer to rack to cool 10 minutes more. Cut into 32 squares and lift brownies off foil with a spatula., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, 5 ounces unsweetened chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon instantespresso powder or instantcoffee granules, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Double Chocolate Mocha Brownies, picturelink: null}, 56748: {instructions: Heat whiskey, honey, ginger syrup, and lemon juice in a small saucepan until honey dissolves and liquid is hot, but not boiling. Pour into a large snifter or mug. Serve.n1. Cut peel from lemon avoid pith using a vegetable peeler. Place ginger and lemon peel in food processor and finely chop.n2. Transfer lemonginger mixture to a medium saucepan, add sugar and 2 cups of water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Strain mixture and cool. Cover and refrigerate for up to 1 week., ingredients: [4 to 6 ounces top shelf bourbon, 2 ounces honey, 1 ounce ginger syrup recipe follows, 1 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, Ginger Syrup:, 1 lemon, 2 cups coarsely chopped fresh ginger with peel, about 8 ounces, 1 cup sugar], title: Hot Ginger Toddy, picturelink: r8gUDocrcEAOBtNykQFYoo6MfJHUbm}, 56749: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a decorative bowl. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 cup black beans see recipe above, drained, 3 cups fresh or jarred salsa, 1 cup fresh or thawed, drained frozen corn kernels], title: Black Bean Salsa, picturelink: null}, 56750: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor fitted with the bottom blade, add the whole wheat flour, 34 cup allpurpose flour, and the salt and pulse 3 to 4 times to combine. Add in the diced cold butter, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, and 18 teaspoon ginger, and pulse at 3 to 4 second intervals for 6 to 10 times until the mixture resembles sand. Add in the butter milk and pulse until a dough ball forms. Remove from the food processor onto a lightly floured board. Roll the dough into an oval, approximately 16 by 14 inches. Rough edges are okay, but you can trim decoratively if desired. Transfer to a silicone or parchment lined baking sheet.nIn a small bowl, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons flour, sugar, and the remaining spices and mix well. Toss this flour mixture with the pears, gently coating. Pile the pear mix in the center of the tart dough, leaving a 3 to 4inch border, and then fold the edges up and around the pears, leaving an opening in the center. Crimp any breaks in the dough. Place the baking sheet with tart into the refrigerator for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush with the melted butter and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Place in the oven and bake for 1 hour.nRemove, allow to cool. Serve at room temperature with ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [34 cup whole wheat flour, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, divided, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cold, diced,, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, divided, 6 tablespoons buttermilk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 cups pears, peeled, cored, sliced into 12inch pieces, tossed with 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 3 tablespoons turbinado sugar, Ice cream or whipped cream, for serving], title: Rustic Pear Tart, picturelink: ECtVZAnwK.navVzyuBhvxddPjh7zpqa}, 56751: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBreak the eggs and whisk. Put eggs through a strainer to make sure they are mixed properly. Add sugar to eggs and mix immediately to prevent sugar from burning eggs. Bring butter to room temperature. Flake butter into the flour.nSplit vanilla beans and scrape out the seeds and add them to the sugaregg mixture. Put mixture into a mixer and mix using dough hook and slowly add the flour. Let dough rest in a cool dry place.nRoll out the dough into small quantities. Cut dough into 12inch strips and cut 12inch pieces from the strips. Place the 12inch squares onto a baking pan.nPut vegetable oil into a large pot and bring to 350 degrees. Fry small quantities of the dough squares in the oil and when golden brown, place onto a baking pan lined with paper towels to absorb excess oil. When all dough is fried, let cool to room temperature.nIn a saucepan, heat the honey not to a boil and add small quantities of the fried dough to the pan. Stir lightly with a large slotted spoon. Remove from saucepan and place onto a serving plate and sprinkle with candy sprinkles., ingredients: [6 eggs, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 pound butter, 4 12 cups allpurpose flour, 4 vanilla beans, 2 tablespoon baking powder, 1 gallon vegetable oil, 1 pound honey, 1 small jar candy sprinkles], title: Struffoli, picturelink: XGIz2W7.E0c3coNJjoAbBL31DhsFgwi}, 56752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a shallow 2 12quart baking dish.nPrepare the filling: Toss the peaches and plums in a medium bowl with the brown sugar, honey, ginger and salt. Sprinkle in the flour and toss to coat. Pour into the prepared baking dish.nMake the biscuits: Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl. Cut in the butter with your fingers or a pastry blender until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Add the buttermilk and stir with a fork until a shaggy dough forms. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead a few times to bring it together. Pat into an even 14inch thickness. Cut out the biscuits with a 2inchround cookie cutter, rerolling the scraps as needed.nArrange the biscuits on top of the filling. Brush with buttermilk and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Bake until the biscuits are golden and the filling is bubbling, about 50 minutes.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [For the filling:, Unsalted butter, for the baking dish, 2 pounds peaches or nectarines, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced, 1 pound plums, peeled, pitted and thinly sliced, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon grated peeled ginger, Pinch of kosher salt, 14 cup allpurpose flour, For the biscuits:, 1 23 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 tablespoons baking powder, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 23 cup buttermilk, plus more for brushing, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling], title: PeachPlum Cobbler With Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: YiMIYwLkSwbrq7t.xfWCr9GQvKExgq}, 56753: {instructions: Special equipment: a tortilla pressnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nCut the cauliflower into bitesize florets, but for this vegetable, no need to make them all even in size. The smaller ones get more blistery, the bigger ones retain more texture. Put the florets in a bowl and toss with the olive oil, cumin seeds and salt. Generously coat, no need to skimp on flavornRoast for 20 to 25 minutes, turning once, until the cauliflower is tender and its edges are golden brown.nTo serve, fill a tortilla with approximately 13 cup of the roasted cauliflower. Top with crumbled feta, a drizzle of Greek yogurt mixed with chipotles in adobo and a sprinkle of chopped mint. Garnish with a small handful of microgreens. Reserve the remaining ingredients for additional tacos.nIn a large bowl, combine the masa, salt and olive oil. Whilst mixing by hand, slowly pour in the water in a thin stream, adding only enough water to bring the dough together. It should be neither too dry nor too sticky. Roll the dough into 2inch balls and cover with a damp towel until ready to press.nPlace a ball of dough in between 2 sheets of wax paper or use a sandwichsize freezer bag with scissors, evenly cut the closure edge and the 2 side edges, so that the bag is only attached on one edge and place in a tortilla press. Press the dough into a flat, round tortilla. Keep the tortillas covered with a damp towel until ready to cook.nWhen ready to cook, heat a castiron skillet to high heat. Cook the tortillas in the dry pan for 30 seconds per side until golden and even browned or blackened in places.nPut your hot tortillas in a basket wrapped in a kitchen towel to keep them warm and tender. Corn tortillas can be made 2 hours in advance, wrapped and reheated in a 350 degree F oven for about 12 minutes or in the microwave for 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower purple, orange, white or green, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Generous teaspoon of whole cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 warm, fresh Homemade Corn Tortilla, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon crumbled feta cheese, Drizzle of plain Greek yogurt mixed with chipotles in adobo, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint, Microgreens, for garnish, 2 cups masa, Pinch kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups water], title: Roasted Cauliflower Taco, picturelink: I5rGuwXfUS8yz92YqFDofDXBa60J27O}, 56754: {instructions: Preheat griddle or grill to mediumhigh heat.nPlace olives and pickled veggies in food processor and pulse chop into a relish. Divide the relish among 4 sandwich bottoms and top with a single slice of cheese, sliced artichokes and peppers then add another slice of provolone to each sandwich and press tops in place.nPlace sandwiches on grill and press with heavy skillet weighted down with cans. Press a few minutes on each side, remove, split and serve., ingredients: [2 handfuls good quality pitted green and black olives, 1 cup giardiniera, drained pickled cauliflower, carrot and hot pepper mix, 4 sesame or cornmeal Keiser rolls, split, 8 deli cut slices sharp provolone, 1 15 ounce can artichoke hearts in water, thinly sliced, 2 roasted red pepper, drained and thinly sliced], title: Meatless Muffaletta Panini, picturelink: JEa0CHOsFj952vzpNAkhFbDjdCMZRRi}, 56755: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large salad bowl, toss together both endives and the onion. Sprinkle with the vinegar, oil and salt and toss again. If a little more oil or vinegar is needed, do so in small increments and taste as you go. The salad should be well seasoned and dressed but not soggy.nVoila, ingredients: [12 bunch curly endive also called chicory, large, tough stems removed and cut into bitesize pieces, 1 Belgian endive, cut into spears, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 to 3 tablespoons high quality extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Curly Endive Salad, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 56756: {instructions: To prepare the pineapple, pull off the green top by unscrewing it. Reserve the best leaves for decoration by placing them in cold water, trimming them if needed to make their shape a little more perfect.nWith a large sharp knife, cut the peel off the pineapple and halve it lengthwise. Reserve half the pineapple for another use. Cut the remaining pineapple in half lengthwise and cut out the core. Cut the pineapple into 1 12inch thick slices and then into chunks.nIn a bowl, whisk together the syrup and rum, if using. Toss the chunks in the maple syrup and thread them, alternating with blueberries, onto the wooden skewers. Lay the skewers in a shallow dish. Pour the remaining syrup over skewers. Cover and chill. The skewers can be assembled up to a day in advance.nTo grill skewers: Brush the fruit 1 more time with maple syrup from the bottom of the dish. Fire up your grill and place the skewers on to cook them, turning occasionally, until caramelized.nTo serve: Place scoops of vanilla ice cream in dessert bowls, arranging 2 pineapple leaves at the back like rabbit ears, then place a skewer across each bowl. Pour any remaining maple syrup over the ice cream and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 fresh pineapple or 1 16ounce can pineapple chunks, 1 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons dark rum, optional, 14 cup blueberries, 8 to 9inch wooden skewers, as needed soaked in warm water for 10 minutes, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: MapleMarinated Pineapple Skewers, picturelink: null}, 56757: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Throw in the tofu and break it up into very small pieces. Cook until much of the liquid cooks off and the tofu starts to turn golden, for several minutes.nAdd the chili powder and some salt and pepper, then stir. Throw in the green onions and corn and cook for a few minutes the corn can remain crunchy. Add the soy sauce and cook until most of the liquid has been absorbed. Turn off the heat and stir in the balsamic vinegar.nPile the mixture into individual romaine lettuce leaves, then add slices of avocado. Fold up and chow down, ingredients: [2 teaspoons peanut oil, 1 package firm tofu 12 to 14ounce size, 14 teaspoon chili powder, or more to taste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 green onions, sliced, 2 ears fresh corn, kernels cut off the cobs, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 6 large inner leaves romaine lettuce from a romaine heart, 2 avocados, sliced], title: Tofu Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 56758: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Spread a sheet of aluminum foil over broiler pan, place the tomatoes and jalapenos on it and broil. Turn occasionally. Remove the jalapenos after about 10 minutes, when the skins are browned and blistered, and place in a plastic bag. The tomatoes will take an additional 10 to 15 minutes until the skins are blackened and the tomatoes are softened. Remove to a plate to cool.nWhen tomatoes and jalapenos are cool enough to handle, rub off the skins, remove the stems, and put the flesh and juices in a food processor or blender. Be careful peeling the jalapenos and wash hands thoroughly after handling. Blend or pulse jalapenos and tomatoes until coarsely chopped. Set aside.nPour olive oil into a large heated skillet or saucepan over low heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened but not browned, about 10 minutes. Pour in tomatoes and jalapeno mixture and salt, stir and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nStir in cheese and cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently to incorporate the cheese as it melts. Pour into a bowl and serve immediately with tortilla chips or scoop up with heated fresh corn tortillas., ingredients: [4 to 5 medium tomatoes or 10 to 15 plum tomatoes, 5 fresh jalapenos, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces mozzarella], title: Salsa di Queso, picturelink: EwcKPZ0fY9vyxtQTKcDRb6wFSxLAmAy}, 56759: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the carrot, celery and onion cook, stirring occasionally, until just golden, about 5 minutes. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the portobellos and herbs cook, stirring, until the mushrooms release their juices, about 4 minutes. Increase the heat to high cook until the mushrooms brown, 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the wine and cook to reduce, about 1 minute. Add the porcini, peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 12 cups water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until reduced by about onethird, 25 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the tortelloni as the label directs. Drain skewer on toothpicks.nStrain the broth through a finemesh sieve, pressing on the solids. Skim any excess fat from the surface. Season with salt. Serve with the tortelloni and sprinkle with parmesan.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 4 large portobello mushroom caps, chopped, 5 sprigs thyme, 5 sprigs parsley, 14 cup dry Marsala wine, 34 cup dried porcini mushrooms, rinsed, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, Kosher salt, 16 ounces mushroom or cheese tortelloni, Shredded parmesan cheese, for topping], title: Portobello and Porcini Broth, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 56760: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWarm evaporated milk in a large saucepan over low heat. Add bread and soak for 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, combine heavy cream, melted butter, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla with eggs in a large bowl. Lightly beat all ingredients together. Add bread, apples and raisins and mix together gently.nGrease a large deep baking dish. Pour bread mixture into dish. Bake for 45 minutes or until browned., ingredients: [2 cans evaporated milk, 4 loaves French bread, cubed, 1 quart heavy cream, 8 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 6 eggs, lightly beaten, 6 Granny Smith apples, cored and cubed, skin intact, 1 cup golden raisins], title: Southern Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 56761: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Toast pistachios in the oven until crisp but not brown, about 15 minutes. When cool enough to handle, rub pistachios between your hands or towels to remove the outer skins, then grind them finely in food processor. Add the flour, soda, and salt, and process briefly.nButter and flour a 10inch springform pan. Increase oven temperature to 350 degrees.nIn a mixer, beat the egg yolks with 12 cup of the sugar until pale yellow and thick ribbons. Mix in the yogurt, then the olive oil. With a spatula, fold in the reserved flour mixture.nBeat the egg whites to soft peaks, add remaining 34 cup sugar and beat to stiff peaks. Fold egg whites into the batter. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake 45 to 55 minutes, or until done. Cool on a rack, remove from pan and serve with drained yogurt, honey and chopped pistachios., ingredients: [1 cup raw, unsalted pistachios, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 eggs, separated, at room temperature, 1 14 cups sugar, 34 cup yogurt, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil], title: Yogurt and Pistachio Cake, picturelink: null}, 56762: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix all ingredients thoroughly in a large bowl. Chill in the refrigerator for 24 hours, stirring occasionally. Stir again before serving., ingredients: [4 cups cooked blackeyed peas, drained and cooled, 1 cup diced yellow onion, 1 cup diced red onion, 1 green or red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning, 13 cup olive oil, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon black pepper], title: Texas Caviar, picturelink: FVYk2QuaYgBSoKj.NgIvjVIPyPN2}, 56763: {instructions: Steam the vegetables over a small amount of salted water until tender, approximately 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup miniature pattypan squash, trimmed, 1 cup miniature zucchini, trimmed, 1 cup miniature carrots, trimmed], title: Steamed Baby Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 56764: {instructions: For the streusel: Combine the pecans, brown sugar, vegan butter, cinnamon, vanilla and salt in a bowl and mix well. Set aside.nFor the cake batter: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F line a cupcake pan with 12 paper liners.nSift together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and cloves in a large bowl and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer or using a hand mixer, mix the granulated sugar and vegan butter together on mediumlow speed until fluffy, about 5 minutes scrape down the bowl. Slowly mix in the soy milk, applesauce and vanilla and mix for 2 more minutes. Slowly add the flour mixture, and then fold in the vinegar.nDivide half of the batter among the liners, sprinkle on some of the streusel and then top with the remaining batter. Top off with more of the streusel and a sprinkle of cinnamon. Bake until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, about 18 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely before frosting.nFor the shortbread crust: Turn over a cupcake pan and spray the bottoms with nonstick spray.nCombine the flour, oil, soy milk, granulated sugar, salt and vanilla if using in a medium bowl and mix together with a fork the dough will be crumbly. Refrigerate for 20 minutes in the bowl or wrapped in plastic wrap.nRoll out the dough to 14 inch thick and use a circle cutter or a coffee cup to cut out circles. Cut out a very small circle in the middle of each dough circle. Place the dough circles on the bottoms of the cupcake pan and bake for 10 minutes. Once out of the oven, sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar while still hot.nFor the apple compote: Put the apple pieces in a medium saucepan, add the moonshine, brown sugar and vanilla and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and simmer for 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the cinnamon frosting: Using a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, mix the vegan butter and shortening until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the bowl, add the vanilla and mix for 2 more minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and cinnamon and mix until a whipped fluffy texture, another 3 to 5 minutes. Add a splash of soy milk if needed.nFor the cherry moonshine reduction: Put the maraschino cherries with their juices in a small saucepan, add the moonshine and granulated sugar, place over medium heat and bring to a small boil. Immediately add the cornstarch and let simmer for 2 to 4 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly, about 5 minutes, and then pour the mixture through a strainer. Let cool for 15 minutes.nTo assemble: Using an apple corer or paring knife, cut out the center of each cupcake. Put a generous amount about 1 tablespoon of the apple compote in each cupcake. Frost with a small amount of cinnamon frosting. Place a shortbread crust on top of the frosting on each cupcake. Where the hole is cut out, place a fondant finger or plastic novelty finger through the crust. Drizzle some cherry moonshine reduction over each., ingredients: [34 cup chopped pecans, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon vegan butter substitute, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, plus more for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup vegan butter substitute, softened, 1 cup vanilla soy milk, 12 cup unsweetened applesauce, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying cupcake pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup vegetable or canola oil, 2 tablespoons soy milk, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla or almond extract, optional, Cinnamon, for sprinkling, 2 large Granny Smith apples, peeled and diced, 12 cup moonshine, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup vegan butter substitute, 14 cup vegan shortening, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, Soy milk, for thinning, optional, 1 small jar maraschino cherries with juice, 12 cup moonshine, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 fondant fingers or plastic novelty fingers], title: Cherry Moonshine Pie Cupcake, picturelink: null}, 56765: {instructions: Add split peas to 6 cups boiling water, salt and saffron powder. Boil for 12 hour, or until soft. Using an immersion blender, puree peas. In a saucepan add oil, garlic, and cumin and fry until it is dark brown. Then pour oil in Dhal. Let sit for a few minutes., ingredients: [12 pound yellow split peas, Salt, to taste, 12 teaspoon saffron powder, 4 tablespoons corn oil, 2 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds], title: Dhal, picturelink: null}, 56766: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the butter in a wellseasoned fry pan. Saute the steak cubes until lightly browned, and then add the mushrooms to pan. Add salt and pepper to taste. Saute until all lightly browned. Add the brown gravy, and mix thoroughly. Place into the bottom pot pie shell, and place the top shell over the filling.nPlace in the oven until heated through, about 15 minutes.nServed with your favorite mashed potatoes and vegetables., ingredients: [1 ounce unsalted butter, 6 ounces organic top sirloin steak, cut into bitesize cubes, 1 cup sliced button mushrooms, 12 cup brown gravy, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 precooked pot pie shell, top and bottom, Mashed potatoes and vegetables, for serving], title: Steak and Mushroom Pie, picturelink: I59Reg9pwgi9KnW0iT7TFmolpACjk7G}, 56767: {instructions: Special equipment: An extralarge pot, a roasting pan and rack, a meat thermometernBring 1 quart water, 34 cup salt, brown sugar, peppercorns, bay leaves and lemon zest to a boil in an extralarge pot large enough to hold the turkey breast. Reduce the heat to a simmer, and cook for 10 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat, and add 4 quarts water. Let cool to room temperature.nAdd the turkey breast to the pot use a plate to help submerge it if needed, cover and refrigerate for at least 12 hours and up to 1 day.nRemove the turkey breast from the pot, and discard the brine. Blot the breast dry all over with paper towels.nPosition an oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees F. Pulse the butter, parsley, sage, thyme, paprika and cayenne in a food processor to combine. Rub half the herbed butter under and over the skin of the turkey breast roll the rest into a log, and freeze. Place the breast on a rack set in a roasting pan, and roast, rotating as needed to ensure even browning, until the deepest part of the breast registers an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, 1 hour 45 minutes to 2 hours.nLet the turkey breast cool completely. Wrap it well with plastic wrap and foil, label and date, and freeze, deep in the freezer, for up to 2 weeks.nTwo days before you plan to serve it, put the turkey breast in a baking dish and transfer it to the refrigerator to thaw.nTo serve, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Remove the breast from the bone, and slice. Shingle the slices onto a large baking dish, pour in the stock and dot the turkey with slices of the frozen herbed butter. Wrap the dish tightly with foil, and reheat in the oven until the turkey is hot and the butter is melted, 40 to 50 minutes. Transfer the turkey to a platter, and drizzle with some of the pan liquid., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon whole black peppercorns, 3 dried bay leaves, Zest of 1 lemon, One 7 to 9pound bonein, skinon turkey breast, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 teaspoon paprika, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup homemade turkey stock or lowsodium chicken broth], title: MakeAhead Roasted Turkey Breast, picturelink: V8vPtanIZ0y2ZpF5FWqgq6T0KG4kJcy}, 56768: {instructions: Beat the yolks until pale. Add sugar and then beat in flour. Warm the milk with the vanilla bean. Remove vanilla bean. Bring milk to a boil and pour over egg mixture. Pour back into saucepan and cook slowly until thickened. Add vanilla essence if necessary. Pour into a rectangular tray with 1inch sides and chill until firm.nMelt the butter and add flour. Cook roux for 1 minute and then add heated milk to form a smooth sauce. Flavor with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Cook very slowly 20 minutes.nSoak sweetbread and brains in cold water for 1 hour. Drain and place into fresh water to cover and add some lemon juice. Bring slowly to a boil. Remove from the heat and drain. Skin sweetbreads. Preheat deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nCut sweetbreads and brains into bite size pieces. Cut chilled custard into 1inch squares. Cut salami into 12inch lengths. Dip sausage into sauce and chill.nDip all ingredients into flour then egg and finally bread crumbs. Place into the deep fryer basket and allow to cook 4 minutes.nRecommended drink: Light dry red wine., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 2 ounces sugar, 1 12 ounces pastry flour, sifted, 1 34 cups milk, Vanilla bean, 2 tablespoons fresh butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups milk, heated, Salt, pepper, nutmeg, 2 veal sweetbreads, 2 sets lambs brains, or veal brains, 1 lemon, juiced, 6 by 1inch squares vanilla custard, chilled, 4 ounces veronese salami, 34 cup bechamel sauce, Flour, egg, and bread crumbs, to coat meat and vanilla custard], title: Fritto Misto Modena, picturelink: null}, 56769: {instructions: Place oil in a heavy pot with lid and heat over medium high heat. Add corn and pop, shaking the pan until popping slows to 2 or 3 seconds between pops. Melt butter with garlic in microwave 15 seconds on high. Discard garlic clove. Pour butter over corn and add cheese to corn. Turn to coat. Season corn with salt and black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 turns of the pan, 12 cup popping corn, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, cracked away from skin, 1 cup Parmesan, Salt and black pepper], title: Al Fredos POPcorn, picturelink: R0p9Oyj1pnNcLVwM.ucssBBnai8DUei}, 56770: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring the water to a boil, over medium heat, then reduce heat to a simmer and add 2 tablespoons of salt. Cook until potatoes are tender, but still firm, about 10 minutes. Drain, let cool and cut each potato lengthwise into 8 slices.nHeat grill to mediumhigh. Brush the potatoes with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the potatoes to a platter and drizzle with the sauce, garnish with fresh cilantro or serve sauce, on the side, as a dip.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, add the flour and cook for 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the milk and cook until thickened, about 3 minutes. Whisk in the cheese a little at a time until smooth.nAdd the jalapenos, chile de arbol and season with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl.nPut mayonnaise, vinegar, garlic, tomato and paprika in food processor and process until smooth season with salt and pepper. Scrape into a bowl and stir in the parsley., ingredients: [6 large Yukon gold potatoes, scrubbed, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, ChileCheese Sauce, recipe follows, Fresh chopped cilantro leaves, Serving suggestions: Bobbys Mexican Fry Seasoning or Spanish Paprika Mayo Sauce, recipes follow, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 14 cups whole milk, heated, 10 ounces grated white Cheddar, 3 jalapeno chiles, grilled, peeled, seeded and finely diced, Pinch chile de arbol, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon granulated onion, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon aged sherry vinegar, 2 cloves finely chopped garlic, 1 grilled plum tomato, 2 teaspoons smoked Spanish paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, plus leaves for garnish], title: Grilled Yukon Gold Steak Fries with ChileCheese Sauce, picturelink: G.NCLQVHg3k8tIEQiwX0faGWEXKCgJ.}, 56771: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly toast the bread slices. Cut them into cubes and set aside.nAdd butter to a pot over medium heat on the stove. Once melted, add onion, celery, shallots, garlic, and salt. Add pepper, to taste. Saute the veggies until softened, about 6 minutes, stirring frequently.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, combine broth with egg substitute and stir thoroughly. Set aside.nRemove the pot from heat and add apples, parsley, and raisins. Mix well and set aside.nAdd toasted bread cubes to the broth mixture and stir to coat. Add vegetableapple mixture and gently stir. The bread cubes should be moist but not saturated. Add a few extra tablespoons of broth to coat, if needed.nSpray a medium baking dish with nonstick spray. Transfer stuffing mixture to the baking dish. Cover with foil and bake in the oven for 20 minutes. Remove foil and, using a fork, gently fluff and rearrange stuffing. Return to the oven, uncovered. Bake until the top is golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the stuffing is still warm, mix gently, if needed. Devour, ingredients: [6 slices light bread, 1 tablespoon light whipped butter or light buttery spread, 2 cups chopped sweet onion, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, Black pepper, 13 cup fatfree chicken broth, room temperature, plus more, if needed, 14 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 4 cups chopped Fuji apples, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, 14 cup raisins not packed], title: Apple and Onion Stuffing, picturelink: 2Jx7ZkON0p7Xz24kTzESF61kjFDdMi}, 56772: {instructions: Put 1 tablespoon of the roasted pear puree into a Champagne flute and add pear nectar 14 way up the glass. Top off with Champagne. Repeat with remaining drinks. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put 2 pieces of foil on a flat surface and place 1 pear in the center of each. Drizzle both with the honey and loosely wrap them in the foil, leaving the top open. Place the pears in the top half of the oven and roast until they are buttery soft, about 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Peel the skin off with your hands and pull the flesh away from the core. Place in a blender with any accumulated juices and puree until smooth. Pour into a container and refrigerate until ready to use. Yield: 34 cup, ingredients: [Roasted pear puree, recipe follows, 1 bottle pear nectar, 1 750ml bottle Champagne, 2 pears, 1 tablespoon honey], title: Roasted Pear Bellini, picturelink: fXldyM5Uy2ejmLPB.xR6fTpNtpDVm9m}, 56773: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions. Add 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Cook until the onion is tender, about 4 minutes. Stir in the cocoa powder. Add the broth, rosemary, vinegar and tomatoes. Bring the sauce to a simmer. Cover the pan. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper. Remove the pan from the heat.nFor the pork: Whisk the cocoa powder, allspice, dark brown sugar, salt and pepper in a small bowl to blend.nPlace the pork on a heavy nonstick baking sheet. Rub the allspice mixture over the pork. Drizzle with olive oil and roast until a thermometer inserted into the center of the pork registers 145 degrees F, 25 to 30 minutes. Tent loosely with foil and let rest 10 minutes.nCut the pork crosswise into 12inchthick slices. Arrange the slices on a platter. Spoon the sauce over the pork and serve., ingredients: [Sauce:, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 3 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, One 14.75ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 2 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Two 1 to 1 14pound pork tenderloins, trimmed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: CocoaRubbed Pork Tenderloin with Chocolate Tomato Sauce, picturelink: 31uinkinxWMkGMN3Ef5Gbs1VUs5dzAe}, 56774: {instructions: Sift first 3 ingredients over a large mixing bowl. Add 12 cup of chilled club soda and mix with chop sticks or fork. Add the rest of the club soda and mix. Be careful not to over mix. The lumps give the tempura batter its unique texture. Over moderately high heat fill a deep pan or wok with about 3 inches of vegetable oil. Add vegetables sparingly to the batter making sure they are covered. Place vegetables 1 at a time in the oil and fry until batter has turned golden brown about 1 minute. Repeat until all vegetables have been cooked. Serve with soy sauce for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup club soda, chilled, Vegetable oil, 1 red pepper, cut into large chunks, Large handful green beans, trimmed, 1 medium zucchini, sliced on a bias, 12 cup soy sauce, for dipping], title: Tempura Vegetables with Soy Sauce, picturelink: 2tKIJb16.x8AdC0w3gjxv1OskUQCr7K}, 56775: {instructions: Using a meat tenderizer or a small, heavybottomed saucepan, pound the turkey until 18 to 14inch thick.nCombine the flour, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Place the eggs in a second medium bowl. Place the bread crumbs in a third medium bowl. Season the turkey on both sides with salt and pepper Dredge the turkey in the flour and shake off any excess flour. Dip the turkey into the eggs and then into the bread crumbs to coat. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook the turkey, in batches, until golden brown and cooked through, 2 to 3 minutes on each side, adding more oil, if needed. Remove from the skillet and drain on paper towels.nArrange the arugula on a large serving platter and top with the tomatoes. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the turkey on top of the tomatoes. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan over the turkey. Serve with lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [1 12 pounds about 8 cutlets turkey breast, pounded 18inch thick, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 3 eggs, beaten, 2 cups Italianseasoned bread crumbs, 13 cup olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 5 cups 5 ounces baby arugula, 2 cups 10 ounces cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 2ounce block Parmesan, Lemon wedges], title: Turkey Milanese, picturelink: GvT.5B3Xx1H0KVDSwBAVCV332cHKGe}, 56776: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a miniaturemuffin tin with cooking spray.nSplit each biscuit in half and place each half in a muffin cup, pressing it into the bottom and up the sides.nIn a mediumsize bowl, mix the cheese, scallion, mayonnaise, shrimp and dill. Place 1 tablespoon of the shrimp mixture on top of each biscuit. Bake for 20 minutes, or until the puffs are golden and bubbling.nPhotograph by Yunhee KimnFrom Food Network Star: The Official Insiders Guide to Americas Hottest Food Show By Ian Jackman. Copyright c 2011 By Food Network. By arrangement with William Morris CookbooksHarperCollins Publishers., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for coating the muffin tin, 1 7 12ounce can refrigerator biscuits, 1 cup shredded monterey jack cheese, 1 scallion, white part and some green, chopped, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 pound baby shrimp, cooked and peeled, 12 teaspoon chopped fresh dill], title: Shrimp Puffs, picturelink: XXPX3uqXO0TQPMPLLQFB5J.AzRhMtM6}, 56777: {instructions: Preheat the grill to medium and lightly brush the grate with oil.nCombine the apricots and orange juice in a small, microwavesafe bowl. Microwave until the apricots are soft, about 3 minutes. Set aside.nWhisk together the lemon juice, vinegar, oregano, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil while whisking. Sprinkle the chicken breasts all over with 14 teaspoon salt and some pepper, then toss with 2 tablespoons of the dressing. Grill the chicken until nicely marked and it reaches an internal temperature of 165 degrees F, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Let rest for a few minutes, then slice.nBrush the pitas with some of the remaining dressing and grill lightly on each side. Cut each into six triangles. Combine the lettuce, tomatoes, pepperoncini and cucumbers with the remaining dressing. Divide the chicken, pita and salad evenly among four plates.nFor dessert, divide the yogurt among four small bowls and top with the apricots and juices, serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus oil for brushing, 1 cup dried apricots, 12 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice about 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 small garlic clove, finely grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Three 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Two 6inch whole wheat pitas, 6 cups chopped romaine about 1 small head, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 tablespoons drained pepperoncini rings, 1 Kirby cucumber, sliced, 2 cups 2percent Greek yogurt], title: Greek Chicken Salad with Whole Wheat Pita and Yogurt with Apricots, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 56778: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a food processor combine the flour, sugar, salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 3 egg yolks, cold water and butter and process until a ball of dough has been formed. Remove the dough and, on a floured work surface, knead the dough for 5 minutes. Wrap the ball of dough with plastic and refrigerate. In a bowl combine the ricotta, 3 remaining egg yolks, 1 teaspoon black pepper, prosciutto, salami, mozzarella and romano cheese into a batter. Refrigerate while you prepare the pastry shell. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and cut one third of the dough off to be used as the top crust. With the remaining larger piece, flour a work surface, place this larger piece of dough on the work board and begin to roll the dough to approximately a 12inch wide circle. Brush the inside of the springform pan with olive oil and transfer the rolled out circle of dough to the pan. Using your finger tips, press the dough evenly into the bottom of the pan, making sure that the dough has a flat bottom and the edge is tucked into the seam of the pan. Pull the dough up the side of the pan to the top edge and the dough should just rise to the top of the pan. Pour the cheese and meat filling into the prepared dough and shake the pan to distribute the filling evenly. Roll the remaining smaller piece of dough to a 10inch circle and place this on top of the pan. Pinch the edges of the two pieces of dough together to seal the edge completely. Cut a cross into the top crust so that steam may escape during baking and place into the preheated oven, on a cookie sheet, in the center of the oven, and bake for 45 to 55 minutes. The top should be well browned when thoroughly baked. Remove from the oven, allow to cool for 10 minutes, run a sharp knife around the edge to loosen the crust from the pan, and open the springform pan. continue to cool completely before serving at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups all purpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 14 teaspoons ground black pepper, 6 egg yolks, 14 cup cold water, 14 pound sweet butter, 1 pound fresh sheep milk ricotta cheese, 14 pound prosciutto, sliced, coarsely chopped, 12 pound genoa salami, sliced, chopped, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, diced, 14inch pieces, 14 cup grated pecorino romano cheese, Olive oil, 10inch springform pan], title: Pizza Rustica, picturelink: null}, 56779: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSaute sausage in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat until cooked through, crumbling sausage with the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTransfer sausage with a slotted spoon to a large bowl. Discard sausage fat in pan. Add butter, onions, and celery to skillet and saute until tender, about 10 to15 minutes. Add to sausage, along with herbs and croutons, mix to combine.nIn a medium bowl, combine allspice, maple syrup, cherries, pecans, and chicken stock. Add to crouton mixture. The mixture should be moist, but not soggy. Add more chicken stock, if necessary. Transfer stuffing to a baking dish and cover with foil. Bake for 1 hour. Uncover and bake for another 20 minutes, or until the top is golden., ingredients: [1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 12 cup butter 1 stick, 3 cups onion, chopped, 2 cups celery, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh sage, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped, 6 cups croutons, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 cup maple syrup, 2 cups dried cherries, 1 cup pecans, toasted and chopped, 2 cups chicken stock, plus extra as needed, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, chopped, Salt and pepper], title: Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: bF664hevzQDRfYJ1dFxeadXGFCBTGW}, 56780: {instructions: Mix the buttermilk and eggs together in one bowl, and the flour, salt, and pepper in another.nHeat 2 to 3 inches of oil in a Dutch oven until it reaches 325 to 350 degrees on a deepfry thermometer.nLine a baking sheet with a brown paper bag or paper towels.nDip the pickle slices in the buttermilk mixture and then into the seasoned flour. Using tongs, drop the coated pickles, one by one, into the hot oil fry about 2 pickles worth of slices in each batch. Be sure to regulate the heat so that the oil stays between 325 and 350 degrees.nWhen the pickles are a light golden color this should take 7 to 9 minutes, remove them with tongs or a slotted spoon and drain them on the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pickles.nSprinkle a little salt on them remember, pickles are pretty salty and serve as you would French fries., ingredients: [1 cup buttermilk, 2 eggs, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Canola oil, for frying about 10 cups for a 4quart Dutch oven, 4 large kosher dill pickles, sliced thin on the diagonal], title: Fried Dill Pickles, picturelink: null}, 56781: {instructions: Make the crust: Put the flour in a large bowl and cut in the cold butter with your fingers until the mixture forms coarse crumbs. Whisk 13 cup ice water and the egg yolk in a liquid measuring cup. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour in the yolk mixture. Gradually stir the flour into the well until a rough dough forms. Divide the dough in half and shape each half into a ball. Wrap separately in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. You will need only 1 ball of dough for this pie freeze the other ball up to 1 month.nFlatten 1 ball of dough on a lightly floured surface, then roll out into a 12inch round, about 18 inch thick. Ease into a 9inch pie plate, fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make the filling: Beat the butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until creamy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until combined. Beat in the corn syrup and rum until combined. Stir the pecans into the filling with a rubber spatula, then pour into the prepared crust.nBake the pie until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 1 hour cover with foil if the filling is getting too dark. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Devon Jarvis, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 10 tablespoons cold salted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg yolk, For the filling:, 1 stick salted butter, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon spiced rum, 1 12 cups pecan halves], title: Pecan Pie, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 56782: {instructions: Special equipment: tea socknBring water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Place tea in a tea sock, add to the boiling water, remove from the heat, and let steep for 5 to 10 minutes, depending on how strong you like your tea. Strain the tea into a pitcher and stir in the condensed milk. Fill 4 highball glasses with crushed ice, pour in the tea, and stir to chill. Add more sweetened condensed milk, if desired., ingredients: [8 cups water, 6 tablespoons Thai tea, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, or more to taste, Crushed ice], title: Thai Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 56783: {instructions: For the chicken: Heat a stovetop grill pan or griddle with cooking spray to mediumhigh heat. Season both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper and set aside. In a small bowl, combine lime juice, curry powder, turmeric, cumin and olive oil, as needed to loosen mixture. Mix well with a spoon and brush mixture all over both sides of chicken. Place chicken on hot pan and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, or until cooked through. Remove from heat and place on plate.nFor the dipping sauce: While the chicken is cooking, in a small saucepan, combine coconut milk, peanut butter, lime juice, and sugar. Set pan over medium heat and bring to a simmer, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat.nServe 4 of the chicken breast halves with all of the peanut sauce. Reserve remaining chicken for Pastilla, if desired., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 6 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, about 5 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 2 teaspoons curry powder, 2 teaspoons turmeric powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Olive oil, as needed to loosen, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 3 tablespoons peanut butter, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Grilled Chicken Curry with Peanut Dipping Sauce, picturelink: tqKS5EPgY1BqYtjnXB9C1BAPVeDbkoS}, 56784: {instructions: Oil the flat grill top with margarine or butter. Place fish down on grill and put a weight on top. Cook until browned on 1 side. Take off weight and flip. Lightly season with garlic and herb seasoning. Continue cooking until just cooked through. Add water under the weight to steam, if desired., ingredients: [Margarine or butter, for flat grill, 14 ounces mahi mahi, cut into 4 pieces, Garlic and herb seasoning], title: Mahi Mahi Breakfast, picturelink: null}, 56785: {instructions: Place goat cheese in a zip top bag. Snip a small hole from the corner of the bag and pipe into peppers. Chill until ready to serve and garnish with chives., ingredients: [6 ounces herbed soft goat cheese, room temperature, 24 peppadew peppers found in the grocery store near the olive jars, 1 bunch chives], title: Stuffed Peppadew Peppers, picturelink: 75aQ8q82ldKgbRz8XMHW9d8pDN4C2.}, 56786: {instructions: Toss shallots with olive oil, vinegar and salt. Roast them in a 375 degree oven, stirring occasionally until deep brown, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [8 shallots, peeled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt], title: Roasted Shallots, picturelink: null}, 56787: {instructions: Melt butter over mediumlow heat in a large stockpot or Dutch oven. Cook onion, celery and carrots with salt and pepper until onion is soft, about 7 to 10 minutes. Add the turmeric, stock, peas, potatoes, and ham hock, and simmer, covered, about 1 hour. Remove the ham hock. Puree soup in a blender or food processor until smooth. Return to clean pot, and adjust the seasonings. Serve immediately in flat soup dishes with wide 3inch rims, garnished with dark bread croutons. Place brown mustard on the rims of the bowls, and take a little mustard with each spoonful of soup., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, sliced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, Salt and white pepper, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 8 cups chicken stock or combination water and stock, 2 cups dried yellow split peas, 2 medium potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 ham hock optional, Dark bread croutons, for garnish, Brown mustard], title: Yellow Split Pea Soup, picturelink: null}, 56788: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. If possible, position the broiler rack 3 inches from the heat. Mix the breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, the parsley and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Soak the saffron in a separate small bowl with 1 tablespoon water.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick ovenproof skillet preferably cast iron over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallops, season with salt and sear until golden, about 2 minutes. Flip and cook 1 more minute transfer to a plate do not wipe out the skillet.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in the skillet. Add the onion and carrots, season with salt and cook until the onion is soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and paprika and stir until toasted, about 1 minute. Add the wine, scrape up any browned bits and cook until the liquid is almost evaporated, about 1 minute. Stir in 1 12 cups water, the saffron and soaking water, and any juices from the plate of scallops. Bring to a simmer and cook until about 14 inch of liquid remains, 8 to 10 minutes. Season with salt.nRemove the skillet from the heat and stir in the butter until melted. Return the scallops to the skillet, transfer to the broiler and cook, rotating the skillet as needed, until the scallops are firm, 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle the scallops with the breadcrumb mixture and continue to broil until browned, 1 to 2 more minutes, rotating as needed.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup fresh breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, Pinch of saffron threads, 1 12 to 1 34 pounds large scallops muscles removed, rinsed and patted dry, 1 small onion, finely diced, 2 carrots, finely diced, 1 large clove garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Saffron Scallop Gratin, picturelink: FbrJvw3g6WsXCmqaXogMXNaMeirLAdO}, 56789: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat olive oil in a pan over medium heat, and saute the onion and garlic until translucent. Stir 2 tablespoons cornstarch into 2 tablespoons chicken stock to make a slurry. Add the remaining chicken stock to the oniongarlic mixture and bring to simmer. Add the slurry and bring to boil. When the mixture comes to a boil, remove from the heat. Add the salt, pepper, tarragon, and yogurt and heat until warmed through, but do not boil, about 1 minute.nPour milk into small saucepan and whisk in powdered milk and honey. Place over medium heat and bring to 120 degrees F on an instant read thermometer. Once milk has reached 120 degrees F, pour into a cylindrical plastic container, reserving 12 cup. Whisk in the reserved 12 cup into the yogurt and add back to the milk mixture.nPlace container into a narrow wine bucket, lined with a heating pad. Set the heating pad to medium. Let the mixture ferment for 3 to 12 hours making sure the temperature stays as close to 115 degrees F as possible.nAfter fermentation is complete place into the refrigerator overnight., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 12 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons dried tarragon, 1 cup plain fresh yogurt, recipe follows, 1 quart 2percent milk, 12 cup powdered milk, 1 to 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup plain yogurt, room temperature], title: Tarragon Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: eX7F9lopwjQppXh9sPhyGYkkHZlxS4K}, 56790: {instructions: Combine 2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 2 tablespoons, dark soy, 2 tablespoons chili oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, MSG, and 2 teaspoons sugar in a bowl.nBoil 12 ounces oriental noodles. Drain. Add 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, and the prepared sauce. Garnish with fresh coriander leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons smooth peanut butter, 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce, 2 tablespoons chili oil, 4 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar in a bowl, MSG, 12 ounces dried wheat noodles, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, Fresh coriander leaves, for garnish], title: Noodles with Sesame Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56791: {instructions: Soak the cod in the milk for 24 hours to remove excess salt. Poach cod in fresh milk for 6 minutes. Cook potatoes until tender in salted water, drain and cool. In a small saucepan cook garlic and cream over medium heat until tender 8 to 10 minutes and cool. In a food processor pulse the 14 of the garlic, potato and cod at a time. Remove the mixture and repeat. Fold the olive oil in by hand. Adjust the seasoning. Brandade should be light and fluffy.nSlice the cucumber as thin as possible but retaining a full green ring. Sprinkle with salt and let stand an hour. Drain the cucumbers and season with vinegar and sugar. In a few minutes, once the sugar dissolves, the cucumbers are ready to serve.nServe a heaping spoonful of Smoked Cod Brandade with your favorite melba or toast point. Garnish with pickled cucumbers, caviar and a sprig of dill., ingredients: [8 ounces smoked black cod, Milk, 11 ounces peeled baking potatoes, like russets, 1 12 tablespoons chopped garlic, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Hot pepper sauce, sea salt, and white pepper, Lightly Puckled Cucumber and Caviar, 1 Japanese cucumber long English will do, Pinch sea salt, Splash white wine vinegar, Pinch sugar, Caviar, for garnish, Dill sprigs, for garnish], title: Brandade Smoked Black Cod, picturelink: null}, 56792: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large, heavy skillet heat the olive oil over high heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper. Add the pork to the pan and brown on both sides, about 4 minutes each side. Remove the pork from the pan, cover loosely with foil, and set aside.nAdd the fennel, shallots, and 13 cup parsley to the pan and cook over medium heat until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the wine. Using a wooden spoon, scrape the brown bits off the bottom of the pan. Add the tomatoes and stir. Add the pork back into the pan, nestling the chops between the fennel and tomatoes so they are mostly submerged in the pan juices. Cook until the fennel is tender and the pork is done, about 12 to 15 minutes.nPlace the pork on a serving dish. To finish the sauce, add the lemon zest, remaining 13 cup parsley, capers, and 34 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Stir to combine. Spoon over the pork chops and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 4 boneless 2inchthick pork chops about 2 pounds total, 34 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning meat, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning meat, 2 fennel bulbs with fronds, thinly sliced about 8 ounces or 2 cups, 2 large shallots, thinly sliced, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus 13 cup, 12 cup white wine, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, with their juices, 12 lemon, zested, 2 tablespoons capers], title: Pork Chops with Fennel and Caper Sauce, picturelink: zUomVDT7mIC2MgOBaVJ5UgieOZIaoe}, 56793: {instructions: Make the puffs: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a sifter, combine the flour and cocoa powder. Sift onto a large piece of waxed paper and set aside until needed.nHeat the water, 4 tablespoons butter, and 1 tablespoon sugar in a 3quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat. When hot, stir to dissolve the sugar. Bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and add the sifted dry ingredients. Use a wooden spoon to stir until the mixture comes together in a balllike shape it should be a bit like putty at this point. Add the eggs, one at a time, stirring energetically and thoroughly incorporating each egg before adding another. Divide the dough in level tablespoons approximately 12ounce per puff onto 2 nonstick baking sheets, 12 evenly spaced portions per sheet. Place the baking sheets on the top and center racks of the preheated oven and bake for 20 minutes, rotating the sheets from top to center halfway through the baking time at that time also turn each sheet 180 degrees. Remove the puffs from the oven and cool to room temperature.nMake the Chocolate Caramel Ganache: Place the chopped semisweet and unsweetened chocolate in a 4quart bowl and set aside. Heat the heavy cream and 2 tablespoons butter in a 1 12 quart saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, then lower the heat to keep the cream hot, but not simmering until needed. Combine 12 cup sugar and the lemon juice in a 3quart saucepan. Stir with a whisk to combine the sugar will resemble moist sand. Caramelize the sugar for 7 to 8 minutes over mediumhigh heat, stirring constantly with a whisk to break up any lumps the sugar will first turn clear as it liquefies, then, light brown as it caramelizes. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Carefully pour about 13 of the hot cream into the caramelized sugar. Use a whisk to stir the caramel until it stops bubbling. Add the remaining cream and stir until smooth. Immediately pour the hot caramel over the chopped chocolate and allow to stand for 5 minutes before stirring with a whisk until very smooth. Refrigerate the ganache until just slightly firm but not hard if the ganache is too firm, it will be difficult to pipe.nUsing a sharp paring knife, cut each puff in half horizontally. Transfer the chilled ganache to a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip. Pipe about 1 heaping tablespoon approximately 1ounce of ganache onto the bottom half of each puff, then place the top half of the puff onto each portion of ganache. Serve immediately, or store in a tightly sealed plastic container at room temperature for 12 to 24 hours., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 cup water, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped into 14inch pieces, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup granulated sugar, 18 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: Chocolate Caramel Puffs, picturelink: null}, 56794: {instructions: Put 8 lightly beaten egg yolks in a double boiler with 23 cup sugar. Beat until they form the ribbon. Add 12 cup Grand Marnier. Beat over ice water until cool. Beat 10 egg whites until foamy. Add 14 teaspoon cream of tartar. Continue beating until stiff, but not dry. Fold whites into yolks. Bake at 400 degrees for 1215 minutes., ingredients: [8 large eggs, separated, plus 2 egg whites, 23 cups sugar, 12 cup Grand Marnier, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar], title: Grand Marnier Souffle, picturelink: null}, 56795: {instructions: Slice the tender portion of the green garlic thin and discard the tough stem ends. In a mortar and pestle, crush the sliced green garlic to puree, add the thyme leaves, the lemon peel, and olive oil and work into a paste. Add the juice and season with salt and pepper.nSlash the fish three times on both sides all the way to the bone and rub the marinade on the fish and season well. Grill over mediumlow heat, turning half way through. Grilling time should take 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [6 shoots green garlic, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon peel, minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons Meyer lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, to taste, Three 1 12 to 2pound whole red snappers, scaled and gutted], title: Whole Grilled Local Snapper, picturelink: null}, 56796: {instructions: For the salad: Combine the lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes and carrots in a bowl.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, stir to combine the mayo, sour cream, onion salt, garlic powder and white pepper. Lightly stir in the cheese until just combined. If the salad dressing to too thick, it can be thinned with a little milk.nServe the salad on salad plates and drizzle dressing over top., ingredients: [1 head romaine lettuce, leaves torn or cut into pieces, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced into halfmoons, 10 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 carrot, peeled and grated, 2 cups mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons onion salt, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 34 teaspoon white pepper, 8 ounces Roquefort cheese, grated, Milk, for thinning, optional], title: Mixed Green Salad with Roquefort Dressing, picturelink: LmwrDV.ZGWyyJPlRqUHxiB4gaglTsdm}, 56797: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a mini cupcake pan with 24 mini liners.nMix the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon with a whisk. Then set the bowl aside.nIn an electric mixer bowl, add the coffee liqueur, horchata, soybean oil, vanilla extract and eggs. Mix on the lowest speed while you gradually add the dry ingredients. Stop the mixer when ingredients are blended together. Scrape down the sides and mix one more time, but this time on a slightly faster speed, for about 10 seconds. Stop the mixer.nBring the oven temperature down to 300 degrees F.nFill in the mini cupcake liners half full with the batter. Bake the minis for 14 to 15 minutes. Let the minis cool.nTo assemble: Take the cooled cupcakes and frost as desired. Mission Minis loves to top this cupcake off with a dust of cinnamon.nIn the mixing bowl of a standing mixer, add the cream cheese and butter. Mix together until blended. Turn off the mixer and scrape the sides of the bowl to incorporate any cream cheese that wasnt blended. Turn the mixer to the lowest speed and add the powdered sugar, one cup at a time, and the vanilla. Stop the mixer. Scrape down the sides again and give the frosting a quick mix on a high speed., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, plus more to dust, optional, 34 cup coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 12 cup horchata, 12 cup soybean oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 eggs, Cream Cheese Frosting, recipe follows, 16 ounces cream cheese, such as Philadelphia, cut into 4 sections, 2 sticks unsalted butter, soft, 3 cups sifted powder sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Kahlua and Horchata Cupcake, picturelink: TUAAh7dKaCkfSKxYyAFW0d0SYIjdy2}, 56798: {instructions: Heat wine, stock, kirschwasser and garlic to a simmer. Once brought to a simmer, allow to simmer for 5 minutes. Mix Gruyere cheese, Swiss cheese and cornstarch together. Reduce heat to low and using a wooden spoon, sprinkle some of cheese mixture into liquid and continue to stir in small amounts of mixture until all cheese is incorporated and fondue is smooth and melted. Keep warm and serve warm., ingredients: [16 ounces dry white wine, 16 ounces chicken stock, 2 ounces kirschwasser, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound Gruyere cheese, grated, 1 pound Swiss cheese, grated, 3 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Basic Cheese Fondue, picturelink: null}, 56799: {instructions: Shake vodka, Grand Marnier, cranberry juice and lime juice over ice. Strain into a chilled champagne flute. Top with champagne. Garnish with an orange slice., ingredients: [1 oz. Belvedere vodka, 1 dash Grand Marnier, 1.5 oz. cranberry juice, .5 oz. fresh lime juice, 1 twist orange, 1 oz. Palais sparkling Brut champagne], title: Champagne Cosmo, picturelink: null}, 56800: {instructions: Using a large knife, carefully scrape the kernels off the corncobs and set aside, reserving the cobs.nUsing a food processor fitted with the steel blade, or a large knife, coarsely chop the garlic, onion, jalapeno pepper, and corn kernels. Reserve.nIn a large soup pot, heat the oil. Add the squares of tortillas and cook over low heat until they are slightly crisp. Stir in the chopped vegetables and simmer just until the vegetables are coated with the oil. Do not brown.nAdd the tomatoes, the tomato paste, and 2 teaspoons of the cumin and continue to simmer for about 10 minutes to maximize the flavor. Slowly pour in the stock, add the corncobs, and cook over low heat until the soup is reduced by one third.nDiscard the corn cobs and puree the soup, in batches, in a blender or food processor until smooth. At this point, the soup can be passed through the fine strainer, if desired. Return to a clean pot and season with salt, pepper, and additional cumin to taste.nPrepare the garnish: Preheat the oven or toaster oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the tortillas into thin strips and arrange on a small baking tray. Bake until the strips are crisp, 10 to 15 minutes. Peel and dice the avocado. Cut the chicken into thin strips.nTo serve, add the chicken and avocado to the soup and reheat over low heat. Ladle the soup into 6 to 8 warm soup bowls and garnish with the baked tortilla strips, Cheddar cheese, and chopped cilantro. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ears fresh corn, husks removed, 4 or 5 large garlic cloves, peeled, 1 small onion about 3 ounces, peeled, trimmed, and quartered, 1 small jalapeno pepper, trimmed and seeded, 2 tablespoons corn oil, 2 corn tortillas, cut into 1inch squares, 2 large ripe tomatoes 1 pound, peeled, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 to 3 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 quarts chicken stock, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 corn tortillas, 1 ripe avocado, 1 large chicken breast, cooked, boned, and skinned, 12 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Tortilla Soup, picturelink: null}, 56801: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by9inch baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nPlace the cake mix, buttermilk, oil and egg in a large bowl and, using an electric hand mixer, blend together until smooth. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.nFor the filling: Beat the cream cheese until smooth. Beat in the sugar, yogurt, butter and vanilla. Spread over the cake mixture. Bake 40 to 45 minutes. You want the center to be a little gooey, so do not over bake., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, One 18 14ounce package yellow cake mix, such as Dr. Oetker Organic Cake Mix, 12 cup reducedfat buttermilk, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 egg, lightly beaten, One 8ounce package neufchatel cream cheese, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup plain nonfat Greekstyle yogurt, 1 tablespoon melted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Gooey With Less Butter Cake, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 56802: {instructions: In a food processor or blender blitz the cucumbers until a smooth puree. Over a bowl strain the liquid using a fine mesh strainer. Discard the pulp. In a pitcher filled with ice add the cucumber juice, vodka, lemon juice, salt and mint. Stir with a wooden spoon and serve in a martini glass. Garnish with peels., ingredients: [2 large cucumbers, peeled, seeded and rough chop reserve peels for garnish, Ice, 1 cup vodka, 1 lemon, juiced, Dash salt, 3 sprigs mint], title: The Cuke Cocktail, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 56803: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a heavy bottomed pot or Dutch oven, heat 1 cup peanut oil over moderatelyhigh heat until hot but not smoking. Slowly whisk in the flour until fully incorporated, making a roux. Cover the pot, place in the oven and cook for 2 hours, whisking every 15 minutes.nIn a large stockpot, add the whole chicken, chicken wings, 3 chopped onions and a handful of black peppercorns. Add enough water to cover the chicken by 4 inches and bring to a boil. Turn down the heat and let simmer until the whole chicken is cooked, about 2 hours. Pull the whole chicken out, leaving the wings in to simmer for another hour. When the whole chicken is cool enough to handle, pull the meat and set aside. Strain the stock, discarding all solids, including the wings. You should have between 6 and 8 cups stock.nIn a large pot, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil over moderatelyhigh heat. Add the sausage and cook until golden brown, about 6 minutes, turning once. Remove the sausage and turn the heat down to moderate. Add the remaining 2 chopped onions and cook until softened, about 8 minutes. Whisk in the roux, slowly add the stock and simmer about 30 minutes. Add the reserved chicken and sausage and cook about 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Serve over rice.nWhat Makes This Recipe Really Sing: Ask any New Orleanian and they will tell you gumbo is all about the roux. I have given you the secret to a perfect yet easy version. Also, organic chicken is a must here. It has much more flavor then most mass produced brands found in grocery stores.nBYOC: Okra is a traditional ingredient in gumbo, so if it is in season, chop into 13inch pieces and add when you add the reserved chicken. Sometimes I add chopped kale just to make sure I am getting my veggies in., ingredients: [1 cup plus 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 3 12pound chicken, 3 pounds chicken wings, 5 medium onions, roughly chopped, divided, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 12 pounds andouille sausage, thinly sliced, Rice, for serving], title: Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 56804: {instructions: Rim 4 tall Collinstype glasses with lime wedge and then dip in sugar. Fill glasses with ice cubes.nIn a large measuring cup combine tequila, orange liqueur, lime juice and pomegranate juice. Divide cocktail between the 4 glasses. Top with soda and garnish with lime wedges and pomegranate seeds, if desired., ingredients: [Lime wedge, for riming glasses, plus more for garnish, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup white tequila, 12 cup orange liqueur, 1 cup pomegranate juice, 2 limes, juiced, 1 lime, Splash club, orange, or grapefruit soda depending on desired sweetness, Pomegranate seeds, optional], title: Dove Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 56805: {instructions: In a blender, blend all ingredients until smooth., ingredients: [1 small banana, peeled and cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons coconut milk, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup pineapple juice, 12 teaspoon ginger, grated, 3 ice cubes], title: Island Fruit Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 56806: {instructions: Heat the grapeseed oil in a large saucepan or soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the popcorn seeds and place the lid on the pan. Shake vigorously to coat the kernels with oil. When the corn starts to pop, shake the pan constantly until the popping stops, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and pour the popped corn into a large mixing bowl.nDrizzle the melted coconut oil over the corn, and sprinkle with nutritional yeast, chili powder, cumin, garlic powder and sea salt. Stir thoroughly and serve with a few shakes of hot sauce, if using., ingredients: [2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 34 cup unpopped popcorn seeds, 14 cup coconut oil, melted, 14 cup nutritional yeast, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Few shakes hot sauce, optional], title: Nacho Cheesy Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 56807: {instructions: Place all ingredients, except sour cream, in a small saucepan and bring to a low simmer over medium heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes or until pears are tender when pierced with a pairing knife or skewer., ingredients: [2 cups Zinfandel, 2 Bosc pears, stemmed, cored, and cut in 12 lengthwise, 3 vanilla beans, 12 cup brown sugar, 3 whole cloves, 4 teaspoons lowfat sour cream], title: Zinfandel Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 56808: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pork tenderloin or roast in the bottom of a slow cooker and sprinkle with the seasoning salt. Pour the root beer and liquid smoke over the top. Place the lid on the slow cooker and cook on low for 8 hours. Once the pork is done, remove from the pan and shred with a fork. Place into a bowl and add in the Sassy Sauce, as well as 12 cup of the juice from the slow cooker. Serve on a bun with bread and butter pickles.nIngredients and DirectionsnTo make the sauce, add the ketchup, brown sugar and mustard and to a medium saucepan. Stir in the remaining ingredients and simmer over mediumlow heat for about 15 minutes. Remove and serve with pulled pork sandwiches. Makes 1 12 cups., ingredients: [1 pork tenderloin or roast about 2 pounds, cut in half, 1 tablespoon seasoning salt, 1 can 12 ounces root beer, 1 bottle 4 ounces liquid smoke, 1 cup Sassy Sauce, recipe follows, or your favorite barbeque sauce, 8 hamburger buns, Spicy bread and butter pickle chips, for serving, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup molasses, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 12 teaspoon fresh ground pepper, 1 tablespoon liquid smoke, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Root Beer Pulled Pork Sandwich, picturelink: hmPtKUxf4rxiyMe28JGDF.Q9BHmZ6m}, 56809: {instructions: Special equipment: an 8 12inch metal bowlnLine an 8 12inch metal bowl with plastic wrap, leaving a 4inch overhang on all sides. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Put the bowl and baking sheets in the freezer until chilled.nHave a bowl of warm water on the counter to warm the ice cream scoop for smoother scooping. Working quickly with a 14cup scoop, make smooth scoops of the vanilla and strawberry ice cream and raspberry and mango sorbet, rinsing the scoop well between each pint to keep the colors distinct. Arrange the scoops on the chilled baking sheets flatside down and freeze until hard, about 30 minutes.nMake the ice cream bomb: Line the chilled bowl with the ice cream and sorbet scoops, rounded sides facing the plastic lining, alternating colors and keeping the scoops distinct. Repeat with more scoops until the inside of the bowl is completely lined with ice cream and sorbet. Return the bowl to the freezer and freeze until firm, 30 to 45 minutes.nSoften the remaining scoops slightly at room temperature, about 5 minutes. Place 12 cup of the cake cubes and 14 cup each of the marshmallow cereal and marshmallows in the bottom of the bowl. Fill with half of the softened scoops of ice cream and sorbet. Evenly spread another 1 cup cake and 14 cup each of the cereal and marshmallows over the ice cream and sorbet, then top with the remaining softened scoops, firmly pressing down to fill any holes. Top with the remaining cake, then wrap with the overhanging plastic wrap and freeze until set, about 1 hour.nTo make the chocolate sauce, put the white chocolate and coconut oil in a microwavesafe bowl and heat, stirring every 30 seconds, until the chocolate is melted and smooth, 1 to 2 minutes.nInvert the bowl onto a serving platter, lift off the bowl and discard the plastic wrap. Drizzle the white chocolate sauce over the cake and immediately sprinkle with the sprinkles and remaining 12 cup cereal and marshmallows before the chocolate hardens. Decorate the bottom with a ring of cotton candy. Slice with a hot dry knife and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pint vanilla ice cream, 1 pint strawberry ice cream, 1 pint raspberry sorbet, 1 pint mango sorbet, One 11ounce loaf pound cake, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup colorful marshmallow cereal, such as Lucky Charms, 1 cup mini pastel marshmallows, 3 ounces white chocolate chips, 1 tablespoon coconut oil, 2 tablespoons purple sprinkles, 2 cups cotton candy, for serving], title: Unicorn Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: null}, 56810: {instructions: Whisk the vinegar, 1 tablespoon water, 12 tablespoon soy sauce and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl. Add the jalapeno set aside.nHeat the vegetable oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tofu and cook until golden brown, 3 to 4 minutes per side transfer to a cutting board. Add the mushrooms to the skillet and cook, stirring, until slightly wilted, about 1 minute. Add the remaining 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon water and a few grinds of pepper to the skillet. Cook until the mushrooms soften, about 2 minutes. Quarter each piece of tofu and transfer to a bowl add the mushrooms and 2 tablespoons of the vinegar mixture and toss. Set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs, adding the broccolini during the last 2 minutes of cooking. Drain and rinse under cold water transfer to a large bowl. Add the sesame oil toss to coat.nDivide the noodles and broccolini among bowls. Top with the tofu, mushrooms and sprouts and drizzle with the remaining jalapenovinegar mixture. Sprinkle with the scallions.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [13 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, Kosher salt, 1 red jalapeno pepper, halved and thinly sliced 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 14ounce package firm tofu, drained, cut into 4 equal pieces and patted dry, 8 ounces sliced shiitake mushrooms about 4 cups, Freshly ground pepper, 1 10 to 12ounce package Chinese egg noodles, 1 bunch broccolini, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 2 cups bean sprouts, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Chinese Noodles with Tofu, picturelink: wCyLpDOFbs3lEiHYS35xCn.dVYW.}, 56811: {instructions: 14 cup white wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar, red wine vinegar, or aged sherry wine vinegar 2 to 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more Freshly ground black pepper 23 to 34 cups extravirgin olive oil., ingredients: [14 cup white wine vinegar, balsamic vinegar, red wine vinegar, or aged sherry wine vinegar, 2 to 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt plus more, Freshly ground black pepper, 23 to 34 cups extravirgin olive oil], title: AllPurpose Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 56812: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wrap aluminum foil around the bottom and halfway up the sides of a 9inch springform pan to prevent any leaking.nCombine the cream cheese, agave, soy milk, pumpkin, tofu, arrowroot, agar, cinnamon, and nutmeg in a large mixing bowl and stir together. Transfer to a blender and blend until smooth and ingredients are fully integrated. This may have to be done in batches. Pour the mixture into the prepared springform pan.nPut the cheesecake in a large baking pan and fill the pan halfway with hot water. Bake for about 2 hours, until lightly browned. Remove, let cool, cover, and refrigerate. The cheesecake can be made up to 2 days ahead of time.nTo make the cider reduction, combine the cider, sugar, and nutmeg in a pot and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is reduced by half and is syrupy, 1 to 1 12 hours. The reduction can be made and refrigerated up to 2 hours ahead of time. Bring to room temperature before serving.nTo make the frosting, mix together the confectioners sugar and buttery spread in a large bowl. Set aside. Combine the coconut meat and vanilla extract in a blender and blend for 2 minutes. Transfer to a stand mixer or to a bowl and use a hand mixer. Add the confectioners sugar mixture and cream cheese and mix thoroughly until a smooth frosting is formed.nTo serve, remove the foil from the pan. Run a knife around the outer edge of the cheesecake and release the springform pan clamp. Put the cake on a plate or cake stand. Pipe frosting on the pie as desired. Drizzle the reduction over the cheesecake. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [4 cups vegan cream cheese, 2 cups agave nectar or maple syrup, 2 cups plain unsweetened soy milk, 1 cup pumpkin puree, 1 12 cups 12 ounces silken tofu, 1 cup arrowroot powder, 1 tablespoon agar powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 cups apple cider, 1 cup unrefined sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 cup Earth Balance Natural Buttery Spread, softened, 12 cup baby Thai coconut meat or creamed coconut, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup vegan cream cheese], title: Vegan Pumpkin Cheesecake with Vanilla Cream Cheese Frosting and Apple Cider Reduction, picturelink: null}, 56813: {instructions: Trim breast of veal. Slice a big pocket along top portion of rib bones.nSaute 12 pound chicken livers in 2 tablespoons butter. Chop finely or grind.nIn another saute pan cook onion and celery in butter 2 tablespoons butter until soft.nCombine livers, vegetables, bread stuffing, parsley, salt and pepper. Add milk to moisten stuffing. Add beaten eggs to mixture.nStuff veal to thickness of 1inch across breast. Skewer breast with 2 wooden skewers, following the bone. Roast in a preheated 350 degree oven for 2 to 2 12 hours. Best roasted the day before and eaten at room temperature., ingredients: [1 4rib veal breast, 12 pound chicken livers, 12 cup chopped onion, 12 cup chopped celery, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 cup seasoned bread stuffing, 12 cup chopped parsley, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup milk], title: Stuffed Breast of Veal, picturelink: null}, 56814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdjust the oven rack to the middle position. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWhisk egg yolks in medium size mixing bowl and set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, combine cornstarch, water, sugar, and salt. Whisk to combine. Turn heat on medium and, stirring frequently, bring mixture to a boil. Boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat and gradually, 1 whiskfull at a time, add hot mixture to egg yolks and stir until you have added at least half of the mixture.nReturn egg mixture to saucepan, turn heat down to low and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 more minute. Remove from heat and gently stir in butter, lemon juice, and zest until well combined. Pour mixture into pie shell and top with meringue while filling is still hot. Make sure meringue completely covers filling and that it goes right up to the edge of the crust. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until meringue is golden. Remove from oven and cool on a wire rack. Make sure pie is cooled completely before slicing.nPlace egg whites and cream of tartar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat egg whites until soft peaks form and then gradually add sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks form, approximately 1 to 2 minutes. Use to top lemon filling.nYield: topping for 1 9inch pie, ingredients: [4 egg yolks reserve whites for meringue, 13 cup cornstarch, 1 12 cups water, 1 13 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 9inch prebaked pie shell, 1 recipe Meringue, recipe follows, 4 egg whites, 1 pinch cream of tartar, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Lemon Meringue Pie, picturelink: sVNCu.Va7Q7kA4u2jKrRlB7Vduf389S}, 56815: {instructions: Rinse the squid inside and out and set aside. Heat half of the olive oil in a frying pan over medium heat and saute the eggplant, bell pepper and zucchini. Season with salt and black pepper, remove from the heat and stir in the buffalo mozzarella, making sure it doesnt melt.nGently stuff the vegetables and cheese into each calamari. Dont overstuff because when they cook, the squid shrink and you dont want the stuffing to pop out. Seal the opening by threading the tentacles through the body with a toothpick a few times.nHeat the remaining olive oil with the garlic in another frying pan. Add the stuffed calamari and cook about 1 minute, and then add in the capers, tomatoes and olives.nRemove the garlic and add a pinch of salt, if desired. Cook about 3 minutes longer, and then serve immediately., ingredients: [8 small squid, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 eggplant, diced, 1 yellow bell pepper, diced, 1 zucchini, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 balls buffalo mozzarella cheese, diced, 1 clove garlic, crushed with peel on, 2 tablespoons capers, 20 cherry tomatoes, quartered, 15 green olives], title: Stuffed Calamari, picturelink: null}, 56816: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the steak rather liberally with kosher salt. Bring it to room temperature, about 1 hour outside of the fridge.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the paprika, cumin, mustard and a few turns of freshly cracked pepper in a small bowl. Season the steak with the rub.nHeat the canola oil in a saute pan over high heat until smoking. Add the steak and sear on all sides, about 3 minutes per side. Add the butter, thyme, rosemary and garlic. Reduce the heat to medium low and baste the steak with the butter as it begins to brown, 2 to 3 minutes without burning.nTransfer the steak to a rack in a roasting pan and top with a few pieces of the herbs and garlic and 3 spoonfuls of the butter. Roast to an internal temperature of 120 degrees F for medium rare, 7 to 10 minutes. Allow the meat to rest for 15 minutes before slicing.nFinish the sliced meat with a sprinkle of fleur de sel and a drizzle of aged balsamic and olive oil. Serve with the roasted shallots and a simple watercress salad if desired.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the shallots with the olive oil and thyme and season with salt and pepper. Lay the shallots on a baking sheet cutside down. Roast until the shallots are very tender, about 25 minutes.nToss the shallots with the vinegar and additional olive oil., ingredients: [One 2inchthick boneless ribeye 1 12 pounds, tied with 2 pieces of twine to keep it together in a compact round shape, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 12 head garlic, cloves smashed, Fleur de sel, for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Roasted Shallots, recipe follows, 8 shallots, cut in half through the root, skins left on, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for finishing, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: HerbRoasted Beef Ribeye with Roasted Shallots, picturelink: KAiGaCzPevHoMZ4xBslz2H1WBrLj3Ky}, 56817: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse and drain the beans and put in bowl. Add the parsley, lemon zest and juice, and the oil and season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine. Top each bread slice with some of the bean mixture, then top each with a small crumble of ricotta. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 15ounce can great Northern beans, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 12 lemon, zested, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 French baguette, cut into thin slices on the bias, 1 block ricotta salata], title: Toasts with White Beans and Ricotta Salata, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 56818: {instructions: To prepare the goose, it is necessary to remove the bones from the bird. First, turn the bird upside down with the back facing you. Cut out the backbone with poultry shears, be sure to cut close and not lose the underside of the breast meat attached to the back. Now, at an angle, carefully slit along both sides of the rib cage with a boning knife to remove the breast plate. Scrape away the meat as you cut. Using a towel, grab the thigh bones from inside the goose and pull the leg towards you out of the socket, leaving the meat attached to the body. Next, sever the wings at the joint as close to the body as possible. Reserve the wings and bones for the stock. Repeat the process with the other goose.nThe geese are now boneless. Carefully slice the breast to open them up and make an even thickness. Smear the surface of each goose with 1 tablespoon of softened butter season with salt and pepper. Set aside while preparing the stock and stuffing.nTo prepare the goose stock, coat a large stockpot with olive oil and place over medium heat. Add the vegetables and saute for 2 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients, including all the geese bones, and cook for 1 hour.nTo prepare the stuffing, melt butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, carrot and herbs. Saute for 5 minutes then add the wine. Simmer for about 10 minutes to reduce the wine to a tight paste. Add the wild rice, rye bread, and chestnuts. Stir and season with salt and pepper. Scrape the skillet mixture into a large bowl, blend in the egg, caraway seed and 1 ladle full of goose stock mix thoroughly until evenly moistened. Spoon a layer of stuffing evenly to the edges of each goose and roll up like a jellyroll. Tie securely with butchers twine.nRub the outside of the goose roasts with butter, sage and marjoram for added flavor. Transfer the stuffed geese to a stovetop or conventional smoker and follow manufactures directions. Cook in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 20 to 40 minutes until juices run clear. Be careful not to overcook, as the meat would be extremely tough and dry. Let stand 10 minutes to allow the juices to settle. Cut off the twine and slice vertically to form pinwheels.nTo prepare the sauce, coat a stockpot with Port and place over medium heat. Bring up to a simmer then stir in the spices and orange peel. Add 14 cup dried cherries and simmer to reduce the alcohol, about 5 minutes. Add the goose stock and continue to simmer for 15 minutes. Strain the sauce into a smaller saucepan to remove the solids. Add remaining 34 cup of dried cherries and serve.nYield: 4 to 6 servings, ingredients: [2 whole 3pound wild goose, 2 tablespoons softened butter, divided, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 carrots, cut in chunks, 2 celery stalks, cut in chunks, 1 onion, cut in half, 1 turnip, split, 1 garlic bulb, cut in half, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon whole peppercorns, 2 quarts cold water, Reserved goose bones, 2 tablespoons butter, plus extra for coating geese, 1 onion, diced, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 carrots, diced, 2 tablespoons marjoram leaves, plus extra for coating geese, 3 tablespoons fresh sage, torn in pieces, plus extra for coating geese, 2 cups dry red wine, 2 cups wild rice, cooked, 2 cups rye bread cubes, dried, 1 cup roasted chestnuts, shelled, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 1 cup goose stock or chicken broth, 1 cup Port, 1 star anise, 1 teaspoon juniper berries, 1 teaspoon whole allspice, 5 whole cloves, 1 piece fresh ginger, about 1inch long, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half, 1 orange, peel cut in large strips, 1 cup dried cherries, divided, 2 cups goose stock or chicken broth], title: Smoked Goose with Wild Rice Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 56819: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nBreak the cauliflower into florets and pulse in a food processor until fine. Steam in a steamer basket and drain well. I like to put it on a towel to get all the moisture out. Let cool.nIn a bowl, combine the cauliflower with the mozzarella, Parmesan, oregano, salt, garlic powder and eggs. Transfer to the center of the baking sheet and spread into a circle, resembling a pizza crust. Bake for 20 minutes.nAdd desired toppings and bake an additional 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, stalk removed, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 eggs, lightly beaten], title: Cauliflower Pizza Crust, picturelink: KwyvSjdYNXTVokxWkb.dKJHszhNkt6}, 56820: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350. Spray a standard size Bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda and salt.nIn a small bowl, whisk together 1 cup yogurt, brown sugar, oil, eggs and orange juice until completely combined. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry just until incorporated. Pour into prepared the pan and bake until it is puffed and golden and a tester placed in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from the oven, and when cool enough to handle, invert onto a wire cooling rack. Cool completely before slicing.nFor the topping, stir together the remaining 1 cup yogurt, orange zest and powdered sugar. Slice the cake and serve with the yogurt topping drizzled over top., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 cups vanilla yogurt, 1 14 cups packed brown sugar, 34 cup canola oil, 3 large eggs, Juice and zest from 1 orange about 12 cup juice, add water if juice from orange is short, 1 cup powdered sugar], title: Brown Sugar Cornmeal Cake with Sweet Yogurt Topping, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 56821: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir together flour, granulated sugar, and salt, then add beer, and whisk to combine. Heat oil in a 5quart heavy pot until the thermometer registers 375 degrees F.nDip apple slices in batter, shaking off excess, and fry, about 8 at a time, until golden, about 1 12 minutes on each side. Transfer fritters with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Serve warm, dusted with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cold beer not dark, 10 cups vegetable oil, 2 apples 1 pound, peeled, halved lengthwise, cored, and sliced 14inch thick, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Apple Fritters, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 56822: {instructions: Mix parsley, chives, salt and white pepper with softened butter and truffle oil, then spread on a flat plate. Dip each breadstick in butter mixture so that 34 of the stick is covered to hold prosciutto in place. Roll in Parmesan, then wrap a slice of prosciutto over the buttered 34 length of each stick, leaving a dry end of stick for guests to serve themselves., ingredients: [2 teaspoons chopped parsley leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup unsalted butter, softened 1 stick, 4 tablespoons white truffle oil, 16 breadsticks, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 16 slices prosciutto, thinly sliced], title: Prosciutto Truffle Butter Breadsticks, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 56823: {instructions: Add 1 large block of ice to a punch bowl, then add the vodka and grape juice and stir thoroughly. Add the lime juice, agave and clove to a mixing tin, shake vigorously and pour the contents into the punch bowl. Add the club soda and stir thoroughly. Garnish with the orange slices and star anise and serve., ingredients: [1 large block of ice made in a glass container or the bottom of a milk carton, 1 liter vodka, One 32ounce bottle Concord grape juice, chilled, 6 ounces fresh lime juice, 3 ounces agave nectar, 14 teaspoon ground clove, 12 ounces club soda, chilled, 1 naval orange, sliced, 6 star anise pods], title: Game Night Punch, picturelink: BK92X4TTW8iuS2N0VV5KqLIu05WV9Ji}, 56824: {instructions: Cut the tofu into rectangles and sprinkle with a little salt. Steam, saute or even microwave the tofu, just to heat it up.nHeat a saute pan over high heat for 30 seconds. Add the sliced pork belly and cook for about 5 minutes, until cooked through. Add the kimchee, onion, jalapeno, green onion, garlic, sugar, oyster sauce, chile flakes, corn syrup and soy sauce. Saute for 3 minutes.nPlate the tofu like dominoes and top with the kimcheepork belly mixture. Drizzle with sesame oil and garnish with sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 package firm tofu, Salt, 150 grams pork belly, thinly sliced slice thicker if preferred, 12 ounces fermented kimchee, chopped, 1 cup sliced onion, 1 jalapeno, sliced, 1 green onion, cut into 2 to 2 12inch pieces, 12 teaspoon crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, 2 tablespoons Korean chile flakes, 2 teaspoons corn syrup, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon sesame seeds], title: Tofu with Pork Belly and Kimchee, picturelink: null}, 56825: {instructions: Spoon 1 tablespoon of each of the sauces into each of 4 shallow serving dishes, placing them next to each other. Place a scoop of the chocolate ice cream on the marshmallow sauce and a scoop of the vanilla on the chocolate sauce. Top each scoop of chocolate ice cream with marshmallow sauce and each scoop of vanilla with chocolate sauce.nAdd a dollop of the whipped cream to each scoop and serve immediately.nMelt the chocolate with the cream, 6 tablespoons water, and the salt in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, stirring until smooth.nUse immediately, or let cool to room temperature, transfer to a glass jar, and refrigerate, tightly covered, for up to 2 months. Shake well before serving chilled, or gently reheat before serving.nWith a rubber spatula, scrape the marshmallow cream into a bowl. Add 3 tablespoons of warm water to the jar, screw on the lid, and shake hard. Add the liquid to the bowl and whisk until smooth. Thin the sauce with 1 to 2 tablespoons water if necessary. Use immediately or transfer to a glass jar and store at room temperature, tightly covered, for up to 3 months. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup Easiest Marshmallow Sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup Cool Chocolate Sauce, or storebought chocolate sauce, recipe follows, 1 pint chocolate ice cream, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, Slightly sweetened whipped cream, 1 12ounce package semisweet chocolate chips or 12 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, Pinch salt, 1 7 12ounce jar marshmallow cream], title: BlackandWhite Sundaes, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 56826: {instructions: Bring a large pot of generously salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook until very al dente, about 9 minutes. Reserve 12 cup of the pasta water and drain the pasta.nCombine the ricotta, lemon zest and a few grinds of black pepper in small bowl and set aside.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once the butter begins to foam, add the fiddleheads and sprinkle with pepper and 34 teaspoon of salt. Cook, stirring gently, until the fiddleheads are crisptender and caramelized, 3 to 4 minutes.nRemove the skillet from the heat and transfer the fiddleheads to a bowl. Add the lemon juice, cooked pasta and reserved water to the skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sauce thickens slightly and the pasta is al dente. Add the ricotta mixture and lightly toss until the pasta is just coated.nDivide the pasta among 4 bowls and top with the fiddleheads and a few grinds of black pepper., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces fusilli pasta, 34 cup ricotta cheese, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 12 cups fiddlehead ferns], title: Spring Fiddlehead Pasta, picturelink: null}, 56827: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the tomatillo, avocado, jalapeno and lime juice in a medium bowl. Drizzle with a little olive oil, add cilantro and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes before serving.nPut the vinegar and chipotle puree in a food processor and pulse a few times to combine. Add the remaining ingredients and pulse until slightly smooth.nPut the sour cream into a medium bowl, add the salsa and stir to combine.nHeat the oil in a medium saute pan over high heat. Add the onion and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the mango, habanero, vinegar and 14 cup water and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mango is very soft, about 15 minutes.nTransfer to a food processor add the honey and salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse until smooth. Strain through a mesh strainer into a bowl. Let cool to room temperature before serving. The sauce can be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for 1 week. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPut the lemon juice, orange juice, mustard, honey, basil and salt and pepper, to taste, in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, add the oil until emulsified. Reserve 14 cup of the dressing for the fish.nCombine the cabbage and carrot in a large bowl add half of the dressing and toss to coat. Add more dressing and salt and pepper, if needed.nPreheat the grill to high or grill pan over high heat.nBrush both sides of the fish with oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill until golden brown and slightly charred on both sides and just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate and drizzle the fish with the reserved dressing. Let cool slightly, then using a fork, flake into large pieces.nGrill the tortillas until slightly charred and just warmed through, about 5 seconds per side. Transfer the tortillas on a flat surface and fill the center of each with some of the fish, red slaw, salsa, hot sauce and cilantro leaves...fold and eat., ingredients: [2 large tomatillo, husked and rinsed and diced, 1 ripe Hass avocado, halved, pitted and diced, 1 or 2 jalapeno or serrano peppers, finely diced depending on how spicy you like it, 2 limes, juiced, Extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons chipotle in adobo puree, 3 plum tomatoes, grilled or roasted until blackened, halved, seeded and diced, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped Mexican oregano, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sour cream or creme fraiche, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, chopped, 2 very ripe mangoes, halved and flesh chopped, 1 habanero, roasted and chopped See Cooks Note, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons clover honey, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup lemon juice, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons clover honey, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 2 cups finely shredded napa cabbage, 2 cups finely shredded red cabbage, 1 large carrot, peeled and julienned, 3 8ounce red snapper or mahi mahi fillets, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup reserved dressing, from the slaw, 8 6inch flour or corn tortillas, Cilantro leaves], title: Throwdowns Fish Tacos, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 56828: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel, then cut each banana in half crosswise and insert a craft stick into each half. Place on a tray, cover with plastic wrap and place in the freezer until frozen, about 3 hours.nPlace the peanuts in a shallow dish or on a plate. Melt the chocolate in the top of a double boiler over slightly simmering water, over the lowest possible heat, stirring frequently. Make sure the water is not touching the bottom of the top pan. Pour the melted chocolate into a tall glass. Dip each frozen banana into the chocolate, turning it to coat, and immediately roll in the peanuts. Place on a tray covered in waxed paper. Serve immediately or wrap individually in plastic wrap or waxed paper and freeze for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 medium ripe but firm bananas, 8 wooden craft sticks, 3 tablespoons finely chopped lightly salted peanuts, 6 ounces good quality dark chocolate 60 to 70 percent cocoa solids, chopped], title: Chocolate Covered Banana Pops, picturelink: x0kjcfHitKAlno1xnBy1vEf63MnaFka}, 56829: {instructions: Cream together the sugar and butter in a bowl. Add the molasses and egg and mix until thoroughly combined.nIn a medium bowl, add the cake flour, bread flour, baking soda, salt and spices and whisk together. Pour into the wet ingredients and mix until just combined. Scoop the dough onto a sheet of plastic wrap and form a log. Refrigerate and chill the dough for at least 1 hour.nWhile the dough is chilling, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the chilled dough from the refrigerator and form into golf ballsize balls. Roll in the sugar to coat and place on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake for 4 minutes, then rotate the cookie sheet and then bake for another 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the baked cookies from the oven and cool.nUse a 4inch ring cutter to cut out rings of the Bacon Caramel Semifreddo and place on a cookie. Then add the crumbled bacon and sandwich with another cookie to make ice cream sandwiches.nIn a large bowl, whip the heavy cream to stiff peaks. Set aside to chill in the fridge. Using an electric mixer, whip the egg whites on low until frothy. Increase the speed to medium and slowly add 34 cup of sugar. Whip to stiff, glossy peaks.nMeanwhile, begin whipping the egg yolks on medium speed. Slowly add the bacon fat as the yolks begin to increase in volume. In a small saucepot, bring the remaining sugar and 12 cup water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Allow the sugar mixture to cook until it reaches 245 degrees F. Remove the sugar from the heat and slowly stream to combine with the whipped yolk mixture. Whip the yolks mixture until it triples in volume and cools completely.nOnce all three mixtures are prepared fold onethird meringue into the yolk mixture. Then gently fold the yolk mixture back into the remaining meringue in two equal additions. Just before it is completely combined, begin to fold in the whipped cream. Continue to gently fold together until completely incorporated. Spread evenly into a 17by12inch jellyroll pan. Place in the freezer until firm., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 1 stick butter, softened, 13 cup molasses, 1 egg, 34 cup cake flour, 12 cup bread flour, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Extra sugar, to coat cookies, Bacon Caramel Semifreddo, for serving, recipe follows, Cooked bacon, crumbled, for serving, 3 cups heavy cream, 8 eggs, separated, 1 14 cup sugar, 12 cup rendered bacon fat], title: Molasses Cookie Sandwiches, picturelink: rODAm1xpIq9HUN7kGf0GVnWilhRKFWC}, 56830: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace half of the cucumbers, apples, and tomatillos into the bowl of a food processor. Add all of the grapes, walnuts, yogurt, grape juice, vinegar, and mint. Pulse 9 to 10 times. Combine with the remaining half of the cucumber, apple, and tomatillo. Season with salt, to taste. Chill for 2 hours in the refrigerator before serving. Serve as an appetizer or soup course., ingredients: [1 small cucumber, seeded and chopped approximately 1 cup, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and chopped approximately 1 cup, 1 cup chopped tomatillos approximately 3 medium tomatillos, 1 pound seedless green grapes approximately 3 cups, 1 cup chopped walnuts, toasted, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 cup white grape juice, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 6 large mint leaves, Kosher salt], title: Grape Gazpacho, picturelink: tF7RXBsBDvUEMIV5PckxZrDTsVaFqC2}, 56831: {instructions: Position rack in center of oven and preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSprinkle beef with salt and pepper. Toss beef with flour in a large bowl to coat. Heat oil in a heavy large casserole or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add 13 of the beef to the hot oil, and sear until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer beef to a clean bowl. Repeat with remaining beef in 2 more batches.nAdd beef broth and bring to a simmer, scraping with a wooden spoon to loosen browned bits on bottom. Return all beef and any accumulated juices to pot. Add soup and simmer uncovered, until liquid thickens slightly and beef is tender, about 15 minutes. Divide stew equally among 4 ovenproof mugs.nOn a floured surface, cut puff pastry into 4 4inch rounds. Moisten rims of mugs with water. Gently adhere puff pastry to each mug. Transfer to baking sheet and bake until golden brown, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds beef cube steak, cut into 1inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 14ounce can reducedsodium beef broth, 1 24ounce jar country vegetable soup, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry], title: Beefy Stew, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 56832: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat the eggs with some salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion, zucchini, squash, and peppers and cook until the vegetables are soft but not brown, about 6 or 7 minutes. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and remove the skillet from the heat. Add the broccoli and stir.nGrease a 12cup muffin tin and fill each cup halfway with the vegetable mixture. Pour in the beaten egg, filling each cup to the top. Sprinkle each with some of the cauliflower. Bake in the oven until it is set in the center, about 25 to 30 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 red peppers, diced, 2 cups diced broccoli, 2 cups diced cauliflower, 12 eggs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups diced onion, 2 12 cups chopped zucchini, 2 12 cup chopped yellow squash], title: Vegetable Frittata, picturelink: JWjJTPf4FkwjfsBMVqcUIsDeuS5LDV2}, 56833: {instructions: 1. Pierce the steak all over with a fork and place in a resealable plastic bag. Whisk 12 cup of the beef broth with 2 tablespoons of the Worcestershire, the tomato paste and balsamic vinegar in a small bowl until smooth. Pour over the beef and add the thyme sprigs and smashed garlic. Seal the bag and press the meat so it is covered by the marinade. Marinate, refrigerated, 4 to 6 hours.n2. Preheat the broiler. Line the bottom of a broiler pan or rimmed baking sheet with heavyduty aluminum foil. If using a baking sheet, place a rack over the foil. Remove the meat from the marinade and discard. Pat the meat dry and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Pour the remaining 1 12 cups beef broth into the bottom of the pan and place the meat on top of the broiler pan or rack. Broil about 6 minutes per side for mediumrare, or until a thermometer inserted in the center registers about 125 degrees F. Let the meat rest on the rack for 5 minutes, and then transfer to a cutting board and let rest an additional 5 minutes. Reserve the juices in the bottom of the broiler pan or baking sheet.n3. While the meat rests, heat 1 tablespoon of the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, chopped thyme and 14 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the onions are very soft and lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Spoon into a bowl and return the skillet to medium heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and cook until melted. Stir in the flour and continue to cook until lightly browned and smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Pour in the reserved juices from the broiler pan and the remaining 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce and cook until smooth and hot.n4. Thinly slice the meat against the grain and lightly season the slices with salt. Divide the sliced meat and sauteed onions among the hoagie rolls. Serve with the pan sauce on the side for dipping., ingredients: [One 2pound piece flank steak, 2 cups lowsodium beef broth, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 sprigs fresh thyme plus 12 teaspoon leaves, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 4 soft hoagie buns, lightly toasted], title: French Dip Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 56834: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 2quart baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.nWhisk together both flours, 12 cup of the brown sugar, 14 cup cocoa, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. In a separate bowl whisk 12 cup of the malt powder with the milk, egg white, butter, and vanilla until the malt dissolves. Stir into the dry ingredients until only a few small lumps remain and spread the batter in the prepared baking dish.nCombine the remaining 14 cup of brown sugar with the remaining 2 tablespoons of cocoa and sprinkle over the batter. Stir the remaining 12 cup malt powder into the boiling water and pour it over the batter. Bake until the cake springs back when lightly touched and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with a few moist crumbs, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 30 minutes on a wire rack. If desired, dust the top of the cake with confectioners sugar and immediately spoon the warm cake and sauce onto plates or shallow bowls., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 23 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup Dutch processed cocoa powder, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup chocolate malt powder, such as Ovaltine, 12 cup lowfat 1 percent milk, 1 large egg white, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups boiling water, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Malted Chocolate Pudding Cake, picturelink: .oOjmiBDmY9vygbBjHqy.lTS6uAGDr.}, 56835: {instructions: Cook rice to package directions.nPlace a large, deep skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and butter to the pan. Cube chicken and place in hot oil and butter. Brown chicken 3 minutes, add sausage, and cook 2 minutes more. Add onion, celery, pepper, bay, and cayenne.nSaute vegetables 5 minutes, sprinkle flour over the pan and cook 1 or 2 minutes more. Stir in tomatoes and broth and season with cumin, chili, poultry seasoning, and Worcestershire. Bring liquids to a boil and add shrimp.nSimmer shrimp 5 minutes until pink and firm. Remove the pot from the heat and place on a trivet. Ladle jambalaya into shallow bowls. Using an ice cream scoop, place a scoop of rice on to the center of the bowlfuls of jambalaya. Sprinkle dishes with salt, pepper, chopped scallions, and thyme leaves., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, once around the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound boneless, skinless white or dark meat chicken, 34 pound andouille, casing removed and diced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 1 green bell pepper, chopped, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, Several drops hot sauce or 2 pinches cayenne pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons a handful allpurpose flour, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes in juice, 114ounce can or paper container chicken stock or broth, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful cumin, 1 rounded teaspoon 12 palmful dark chili powder, 1 teaspoon 13 palmful poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound medium shrimp, raw, deveined and peeled ask for easy peel at fish counter, Coarse salt and black pepper, Chopped scallions, for garnish, Fresh thyme, chopped for garnish, 2 cups enriched white rice], title: Everything Jambalaya, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 56836: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace 1 34 cups of dry pudding mix into a medium saucepan. Add milk and heavy cream and whisk to combine. Over medium heat, bring mixture to a boil, continuously whisking gently. Reduce heat to low and cook for 4 minutes while continuing to whisk. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Pour the mixture through a sieve and into individual dishes or a 1 12quart serving dish. Cover the surface of the pudding with plastic wrap. Place in the refrigerator to chill completely before serving, approximately 4 hours.nIn a large bowl or plastic container with a lid, combine the cocoa, cornstarch, sugar, instant nonfat dry milk, and salt. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 month., ingredients: [1 34 cups Instant Chocolate Pudding Mix, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 ounces Dutchprocessed cocoa, approximately 1 cup, 2 ounces cornstarch, approximately 12 cup, 6 ounces confectioners sugar, approximately 1 12 cups, 1 12 ounces instant nonfat dry milk, approximately 12 cup, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Chocolate Pudding, picturelink: 7RDtOZjjUpipGGMo6PTT7FImIIFovi}, 56837: {instructions: Combine wine, sugar, saffron and vanilla in a nonreactive saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, over medium heat for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, with a stainless steel knife, trim bottom of pears so they stand upright. Peel them, leaving an inch of the peel at the stem end. With the help of an apple corer or melon baller, cut out core and seeds, working from the bottom end.nAdd pears to poaching liquid and poach them, covered, for 8 to 10 minutes or until barely soft. Remove pan from heat and either let pears cool in poaching liquid and serve liquid as is or, cool pears in liquid for an hour only. Remove from syrup, then reduce syrup until thickened and concentrated cool.nOption: When cool, stuff cavity with fresh raspberries, stand pears upright in a bowl, drizzle syrup around pears and float raspberries and mint leaves over syrup., ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon powdered saffron, 12 vanilla bean, 4 Anjou pears, Fresh raspberries and mint leaves for garnish], title: Saffron Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 56838: {instructions: Lay out two sheets of parchment or foil. Place half of kale on each piece. Fluff up squash with fork and place half of each on top of kale. Split rice and lay on top of squash. Put fish on top. Smear a bit of mustard on fish and place butter on top. Fold up so loosely sealed and before making a final seal, place wine or water in package. Place in cookie tray in a 400 degree oven and bake for 10 minutes or until paper browns. Serve immediately by opening with scissors., ingredients: [2 sheets parchment paper  or 2 by 2 foot length aluminum foil, 12 bunch kale  roughly chopped, 12 small spaghetti squash, coooked, 1 cup leftover ric, cooked, 2 6ounce cod fillets, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup white wine or water], title: Dinner in a Flash Cod in Parchment, picturelink: null}, 56839: {instructions: Heat a 2 to 3quart heavy pot over low heat and add the diced salt pork. Once it has rendered a few tablespoons of fat, increase the heat to medium and cook until the pork is a crisp golden brown. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the cracklings to a small ovenproof dish, leaving the fat in the pot, and reserve until later.nAdd the butter, onions, savory or thyme, and bay leaf to the pot and saute, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon, for about 8 minutes, until the onions are softened but not browned.nAdd the potatoes and stock. If the stock doesnt cover the potatoes, add just enough water to cover them. Turn up the heat and bring to a boil, cover, and cook the potatoes vigorously for about 10 minutes, until they are soft on the outside but still firm in the center. If the stock hasnt thickened lightly, smash a few of the potato slices against the side of the pot and cook for 1 or 2 minutes longer to release their starch. Reduce the heat to low and season assertively with salt and pepper you want to almost over season the chowder at this point to avoid having to stir it much once the fish is added. Add the fish fillets and cook over low heat for 5 minutes, then remove the pot from the heat and allow the chowder to sit for 10 minutes the fish will finish cooking during this time.nGently stir in the cream and taste for salt and pepper. If you are not serving the chowder within the hour, let it cool a bit, then refrigerate cover the chowder after it has chilled completely. Otherwise, let is sit for up to 1 hour at room temperature, allowing the flavors to meld.nWhen ready to serve, reheat the chowder over low heat dont let it boil. Warm the cracklings in a low oven 200 degrees for a few minutes.nUse a slotted spoon to mound the chunks of fish, the onions, and potatoes in the center of large soup plates or shallow bowls, and ladle the creamy broth around. Scatter the cracklings over the individual servings and finish each with a sprinkling of chopped parsley and minced chives., ingredients: [2 ounces meaty salt pork, rind removed and cut into 13inch dice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 medium onion 7 ounces cut into 34inch dice, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh summer savory, or thyme, leaves removed and chopped 12 tablespoon, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 pound Yukon gold, Maine, PEI, or other allpurpose potatoes, peeled and sliced 13inch thick, 2 12 cups Traditional Fish Stock, Chicken Stock, or water as a last resort, Kosher or sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds skinless haddock or cod fillets, preferably over 1inch thick, pinbones removed, 34 cup heavy cream or up to 1 cup if desired, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh Italian parsley, for garnish, 1 tablespoon minced fresh chives, for garnish], title: New England Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 56840: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta, stir with a wooden spoon, and cook until tender but not mushy, about 10 minutes. Drain, place in a large bowl and set aside.nWhile the pasta cooks, combine the evaporated milk, oil, feta, cilantro, lime juice and some salt and pepper in a blender. Puree until the dressing is smooth and creamy.nPlace the drained pasta in a large bowl. Add the ham, bell peppers, peas, onions, jicama and olives. Pour the dressing over the pasta and gently mix it into the salad. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and chill for at least 30 minutes or up to 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 pound rotini pasta 34 of a 16ounce box, 12 cup evaporated milk, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese or queso blanco, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup finely diced ham, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded, ribbed, and chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded, ribbed, and chopped, 1 cup frozen peas, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup peeled and chopped jicama, 12 cup pimento stuffed olives], title: Creamy Latin Pasta Salad, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 56841: {instructions: In a medium saucepan set over medium heat, add the potatoes, sugar, butter and nutmeg, and cover, allowing the butter to melt and the potatoes to release some of their water, about 10 minutes. Add the salt and stir. Cover and cook for 35 to 40 minutes, stirring occasionally and breaking up the potatoes with a wooden spoon. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch slices, 1 cup sugar, 14 stick butter 2 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, Pinch salt], title: Miss Gladys Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: rSy.rDKj6IooYNErRUXzfskXxgrJTS}, 56842: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the peppers, leek, garlic, salt and turmeric, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to soften, about 10 minutes.nTie the parsley, thyme, and bay leaf together with kitchen twine. Add the potato, water, and herb bundle and bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer, uncovered, until the potato is very tender, about 20 minutes.nDiscard the herb bundle. Puree the soup in small batches in a blender keep the lid cracked to allow steam to escape, or in the pot with an immersion blender, until smooth. Return to the pot and reheat. Stir in the vermouth, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 large yellow peppers, stemmed, seeded, and cut into large chunks, 2 large leeks, white part only, halved lengthwise, sliced crosswise, well rinsed, 1 garlic clove, smashed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 3 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 2 medium russet potatoes, about 1 pound peeled, cut into chunks, 4 cups water, 1 tablespoon dry white vermouth, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Yellow Pepper Soup, picturelink: null}, 56843: {instructions: Pour ingredients into coffee mug and top with whipped cream., ingredients: [1ounce vodka, 12ounce Chambord, 5 ounces hot chocolate], title: Hot Raspberry Kiss, picturelink: null}, 56844: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a madoline, optionalnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Rub the bottom of a 9by13inch baking dish with softened butter.nUsing a mandoline or a very sharp knife, slice the potatoes very thinly. Theyll cook better that way. Place the potatoes in the baking dish and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper.nIn a large skillet over mediumlow heat, melt the butter. Add the garlic and onions and cook until translucent, stirring occasionally, about 4 minutes. Cut the bar of cream cheese in half and add the halves to the skillet, stirring constantly. Continue stirring until the mixture is smooth and combined, about 3 minutes. Pour in the halfandhalf and stir to combine. Mix in 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Taste and adjust the seasonings as necessary. Do not undersalt Add the rosemary and green onions and stir to combine. Finally, mix in 12 cup of the grated Parmesan.nPour the cream cheese mixture over the top of the potatoes. Scrape out the skillet to get every last drop. Sprinkle the remaining 12 cup grated Parmesan generously over the top and bake until golden brown and bubbly, at least 1 hour. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, plus softened butter, for the baking dish, 5 to 6 medium russet potatoes, 1 teaspoon salt, or to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 medium onion, finely diced, One 8ounce package cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons minced fresh rosemary, 3 green onions, light green and medium green parts, thinly sliced, 1 cup grated Parmesan], title: Creamy Rosemary Potatoes, picturelink: YDCuiNXp.7Ioh33seRqjVXOXbt70kly}, 56845: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. When it shimmers, add the onions, carrots, celery, and garlic and cook for a few minutes to soften. Add the beans, oregano, and spices of your choice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook, stirring frequently, until you can smell all your spices. Add the tomatoes with juices, water, and cilantro, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper, if needed. Transfer to a large serving bowl and serve with avocado, sour cream, and cheese., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Yellow onion, roughly chopped, Carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, Celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 3 15.12ounce cans kidney or pinto beans, Dried herbs and spices  dried oregano, cumin, coriander, chili powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes with juice, Few cups water, 13 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Avocado, sour cream, and cheese, for garnish], title: No Recipe Recipe: Smoky Veggie Chili, picturelink: 9e.qFVNzDqb5tE3Qwr1Er3c4vjQGpa}, 56846: {instructions: Make Classic Sugar Cookies with lime zest instead of orange. Whisk 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons green decorating sugar and 3 tablespoons lime juice, then spread over finished cookies., ingredients: [], title: Lime Coolers, picturelink: Y638aZPM8q97vBnLG1XHAsEspF3E7BW}, 56847: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the tapenade: In a food processor, combine the olives, red peppers, raisins, capers, parsley, orange zest, tarragon and black pepper. Pulse six or seven times, just until roughly chopped. Pour in the olive oil and pulse 2 or 3 times to incorporate the mixture should have the consistency of a coarse puree. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the cauliflower steaks: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium heat.nRemove the green outer leaves from the cauliflower heads, leaving the cores intact. Set the cauliflowers on their base and halve them vertically a serrated knife works well for this. Then slice each half, vertically again, into 1inch steaks the core will hold them together. You should end up with four nice steaks reserve the ends for another use.nGenerously coat the steaks on both sides with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the steaks for 5 minutes per side, or until golden brown and wellmarked. Remove to a foillined baking sheet.nIn a small bowl, mix together the Parmesan, panko, parsley, garlic and pepper flakes. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the breading on top of the cauliflower steaks and drizzle with some olive oil. Transfer to the oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve the steaks topped with spoonfuls of the tapenade., ingredients: [1 cup Kalamata olives, pitted, 12 cup jarred roasted red peppers, drained, 2 tablespoons golden raisins, 1 tablespoon capers, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh tarragon, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 medium heads cauliflower, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch red pepper flakes], title: Cauliflower Steaks with Kalamata Olive and Red Pepper Tapenade, picturelink: null}, 56848: {instructions: Choose a saucepot large enough to hold the 4 fillets in one layer with a little extra space between each fillet. You should not have to pack them tightly to fit them into the pot. Combine the reduced veal and mushroom stocks in the empty saucepot over a medium heat and bring to a simmer. Add the roasted garlic bulbs and simmer until you can smell the garlic. Reduce the heat to mediumlow then add the tied fillets and simmer 5 minutes for rare, 7 minutes for medium rare, and 9 minutes for medium. When the fillets are finished poaching, remove them from the liquid and rest 5 minutes before slicing. While the fillets are cooking draw off 3 cups of poaching liquid and transfer to a small saute pan. Add the roasted garlic cloves, tomatoes and sliced shallots, then bring to a rapid simmer over a mediumhigh heat. Reduce the sauce to 1 cup. Remove from heat, add half of each herb and season to taste with salt and pepper. Serve with wedges of squash and garnish with remaining herbs., ingredients: [1 quart rich beef stock or veal stock reduced to 112 cups, 3 quarts rich mushroom stock reduced to 114 cups, 3 bulbs roasted garlic, split, 4 6 to 7ounce fillets organic or naturally fed beef tenderloin, tied, 4 cloves roasted garlic, 8 sundried tomatoes, rehydrated in warm poaching liquid for 1 hour, 4 shallots, sliced 18inch thick, 1 tablespoon flat leaf parsley, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon freshly picked thyme leaves, I teaspoon finely sliced fresh chives, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 acorn squash cut into 18inch wedges, roasted until tender], title: Natural Beef Tenderloin with Wild Mushrooms and Autumn Squash, picturelink: null}, 56849: {instructions: Heat the broth and garlic in a saucepan over medium heat until steaming keep warm. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the leek and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the rice cook, stirring, until toasted, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the wine and cook, scraping up any browned bits, until absorbed, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd 3 cups hot broth to the rice cook, stirring constantly, until mostly absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 3 more cups hot broth continue cooking, stirring, until the risotto is tender and thickened, 12 to 14 minutes.nReduce the heat to low and stir in the peas, ham, cheese and the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Stir in more hot broth if the risotto is too thick season with salt and pepper. Top each serving with mint, more cheese and the lemon zest.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [6 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cloves garlic, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large leek white and light green parts only, thinly sliced and rinsed well, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups fresh or frozen peas thawed if frozen, 8 ounces thickly sliced deli ham, cut into 14inch cubes, 12 cup grated pecorino romano cheese about 1 ounce, plus more for topping, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh mint, for topping, Grated zest of 1 lemon], title: Risotto with Peas and Ham, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 56850: {instructions: In large bowl combine carrots, scallions, cabbage, garlic and ginger. Add bean sprouts. Stir and add egg white to bind. Spoon vegetable mixture in center of wonton wrapper. Wet edge of wrapper with fingertips. Pull sides up to form a bundle and pinch together to seal. Repeat with remaining filling. In a large pot of boiling, salted water add dumplings. Cook for 2  3 minutes until dumplings float to surface and are cooked through. Drain and serve with soy sauce for dipping., ingredients: [12 cup carrots, grated, 12 cup scallions, minced, 12 cup cabbage, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced, 12 cup bean sprouts, 1 egg white, 1 package wonton wrappers], title: Vegetable Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 56851: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Select a large nonstick sheet pan at least 14 by 10 inches. Combine the sweet potato slices with the garlic and the oil in a large bowl toss to coat with thenoil. Bake, turning the potatoes once or twice as they begin to brown, about 40 minutes. Remove from the oven. Meanwhile, finely chop the parsley, thyme and orange zest together sprinkle over the potatoes. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Return to the oven and bake for 10 minutes longer, or until the potatoes are tender, turning them once. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 to 4 mediumsized sweet potatoes about 2 pounds, trimmed, peeled, cut into 18inchthick slices, 1 garlic clove, crushed through a press, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup packed parsley sprigs, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme, leaves stripped from the stems, or 14 teaspoon dried, 1 strip about 12 by 2 inches orange zest use a vegetable peeler to remove, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: OvenRoasted Sweet Potato Slices with Orange and Fresh Thyme, picturelink: null}, 56852: {instructions: For the sauce: In saute pan add the orange liqueur. Pour the alcohol into the pan and carefully ignite with a match or click lighter. Return the pan to the stove top over mediumhigh heat and gently swirl to reduce the flames. Add the mint and beef stock and reduce by half. Finish the sauce with the butter and season with salt and pepper. Hold warm. For the lamb: Preheat the oven to broil.nSprinkle the lamb with salt, pepper and rosemary. Broil the lamb 2 minutes per side for mediumrare. Remove and let rest 5 minutes under foil .nWhile the lamb is resting, start the asparagus: Heat a saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the butter, olive oil and asparagus and saute until the asparagus is al dente, about 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, place 2 to 3 lamb chops per plate, drizzle with the sauce and garnish with the asparagus., ingredients: [12 cup orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 3 sprigs fresh mint, leaves chopped, 14 cup beef stock, 2 tablespoons butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 racks of lamb, frenched and cut into chops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 bunches white asparagus, bottoms trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broiled Lamb Chops with a MintOrange Liqueur Sauce and White Asparagus, picturelink: gMJGmw86oEJB8rXJzV45bg8G0kNQxee}, 56853: {instructions: Fill a highball glass threequarters of the way with ice. Add the vodka, then fill the glass almost to the top with soda. Add the cranberry juice cocktail and stir. Garnish with a strawberry, if desired.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [1 12 ounces strawberryflavored vodka, Chilled lemonlime soda, 12 ounce cranberry juice cocktail, Strawberry, for garnish optional], title: Wally World, picturelink: 54fgMEr8pTuX7pkEgrjJgnZ6JGHTgOa}, 56854: {instructions: Spread 3 tablespoons of cranberry sauce on a tortilla wrap. Lay 2 to 3 turkey slices on the wrap. Top with 3 to 4 tablespoons of stuffing. Roll the wrap. Cut on the bias. Plate wrap and garnish with sprig of parsley., ingredients: [12inch tortilla wraps, Cranberry sauce, Sliced turkey, Stuffing, Parsley, for garnish], title: Turkey, Gravy and Stuffing Wrap, picturelink: null}, 56855: {instructions: 1. For blintzes: Combine flour, milk, 14 cup water, egg, Truviau00ae natural sweetener, and salt in a blender until smooth. Scrape down the sides add the 2 tablespoons melted butter and pulse to combined. Set aside for at least 30 minutes.n2. For filling: Beat the ricotta and cream cheese in a medium bowl with an electric mixer until combined. Add the egg, Truviau00ae natural sweetener and lemon zest and beat until smooth.n3. Heat an 8inch nonstick skillet over medium heat until a drop of water bounces briefly on the surface before evaporating. Quickly pour 2 tablespoons of batter into the center of the pan and swirl to coat the bottom and make a thin pancake. Cook until the bottom is golden, about 1 minute. Transfer to parchment or wax paper to cool. Continue with the remaining batter, stacking blintzes as they cool.n4. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spoon 2 tablespoons cheese filling on the lower third of the lighter side of the blintz, fold the sides over the filling and then fold in the bottom, rolling up into a tight package. Place blintz, seam side down, on a baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining pancakes and filling. Bake until puffed and heated through, about 20 minutes.n5. Meanwhile, stir together 1 cup blueberries, 18 cup water and Truviau00ae natural sweetener in a medium saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook, stirring frequently, until thickened and saucy, about 5 minutes. Stir in remaining 12 cup blueberries and lemon juice. Serve blintzes warm with the blueberry compote., ingredients: [Blintzes:, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup skim milk, 14 cup water, 1 large egg, 1 12 teaspoons Truviau00ae natural sweetener spoonable, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, May substitute with 2 packets Truviau00ae natural sweetener, Cheese Filling:, 34 cup low fat ricotta cheese, 2 ounces 13 less fat cream cheese, 2 teaspoons Truviau00ae natural sweetener spoonable, 34 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, May substitute with 2 12 packets Truviau00ae natural sweetener, Blueberry Compote:, 1 12 cups frozen blueberries, 1 tablespoon Truviau00ae natural sweetener spoonable, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 18 cup water, May substitute with 3 12 packets Truviau00ae natural sweetener], title: Blueberry Ricotta Blintzes, picturelink: null}, 56856: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch glass baking dish with foil leaving a 2inch overhang on two sides. Grease the foil and dish with 1 tablespoon butter.nTo make the crust, pulse the zest with 13 cup of the sugar in a food processor until the sugar is yellow and sandy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 1 12 cups of the flour, the butter, cornstarch and salt and pulse until the dough comes together, about 1 minute. Press the dough evenly into the bottom of the prepared pan. Bake until the crust is golden at the edges and pale golden in the center, about 30 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack.nReduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F. To make the filling, whisk the eggs and egg yolks with the remaining 1 23 cups sugar and the remaining 12 cup flour in a bowl until smooth. Whisk in 1 cup lemon juice.nPour the filling over the warm crust and return to the oven. Bake until the filling is just set, about 30 minutes.nCool the lemon bars on a wire rack, 30 minutes, then refrigerate uncovered until firm, at least 1 hour. Lift the bars out of the pan using the foil. Peel off the foil and cut into 24 bars. Dust with confectioners sugar. Place a piece of gummy lemon candy on top of each square and serve., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 6 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus 1 tablespoon for greasing pan, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest, plus 1 cup fresh lemon juice, strained from about 8 lemons, 2 cups granulated sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 4 large eggs, plus 2 egg yolks, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 8 gummy candy lemon slices, cut into thirds], title: The MostLemony Lemon Bar of All Time, picturelink: NyEErPjitwFK0UgBy7b4K.6u8X5K}, 56857: {instructions: Bring water to a boil. Place rice noodles in a large mxing bowl, pour boiling water over them and let them soften, about 15 minutes. When soft, drain and cut the noodles with kitchen scissors into 2inch lengths and set aside.nIn a bowl combine ketchup, oyster sauce, lime juice, red pepper flakes, sugar and chicken broth.nHeat oil in a large skillet or wok, over high heat. Add the garlic and stir fry for 10 seconds. Add broccoli and stir fry until it turns bright green, about 1 minute. Add ketchup mixture and bring to a simmer. Add cut soaked rice noodles and stir the ingredients together. Cover and simmer until broccoli is barely tender, 2 to 3 minutes.nSeason with salt and serve immediately sprinkled with cilantro and peanuts serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 14 pound rice sticks, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 14 cup lime juice, 1 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup chicken broth, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Florets from small head of broccoli, chopped, 12 cup cilantro leaves, 12 cup roasted peanuts, chopped, 1 lime, cut into wedges], title: Broccoli Stir Fry with Noodles, picturelink: null}, 56858: {instructions: Spray bottom and sides of a 9 by 11inch baking pan with vegetable oil or rub with 1 tablespoon butter. In a small heavy saucepan, combine cream, evaporated milk, and sweetened condensed milk. Set aside to warm later.nIn a large, heavy saucepan, combine corn syrup, sugar, water, and salt. Over high heat, cook until sugar is dissolved, about 6 to 8 minutes, brushing down sides of pan with a pastry brush dipped in water to remove any sugar crystals. Stop stirring, insert candy thermometer, reduce heat to medium and let come to a boil. Cook, without stirring, until temperature reaches 250 degrees F hardball stage, about 45 to 60 minutes.nMeanwhile, place cream and milk mixture over low heat and stir until warm. Do not boil.nWhen sugar reaches 250 degrees F, stir in the warm cream and the pieces of butter. Stirring constantly, cook over medium heat until thermometer reaches 244 degrees firm ball stage, 45 to 60 minutes. Stir in vanilla. Immediately pour into prepared pan without scraping pot. Let stand, uncovered, at room temperature for 12 to 24 hours without moving. This is the most difficult part, as you will want to eat itnTo cut into candies, coat a cutting board or marble slab generously with vegetable oil spray. Unmold caramel by turning upside down onto oiled surface. Cut into 1inch by 1 12inch pieces with a very sharp, heavy knife. Wrap with precut waxed paper squares, twisting ends to seal. If you dont wrap them, the caramel pieces will stick together.nOptions: Add nuts to bottom of pan and pour caramel over nuts. Cut as above. Or, pour caramel onto pieces of cut up fruit such as apples or pears., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter or vegetableoil cooking spray, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup evaporated milk, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 2 cups light corn syrup, 2 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick 4 ounces unsalted butter, cut into 6 pieces, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Optional: 12 to 1 cup nuts walnuts, peanuts, almonds, apples], title: Charlottes Caramels, picturelink: null}, 56859: {instructions: Preheat grill. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCut kielbasa into 3inch lengths and butterfly lengthwise. Place on hot grill and cook for 4 to 5 minutes on each side turning frequently, charring all sides. Remove from grill. Transfer kielbasa to a baking sheet and place in oven to cook for another 5 to 6 minutes.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add butter and sugar. Allow sugar to cook to a golden brown color. Add onions and cook until caramelized. Stir in the sauerkraut and cook for 5 to 6 minutes until onions and sauerkraut are wilted and colored.nRemove kielbasa from oven and cut into 1inch pieces. Add to pan of sauerkraut and onions. Toss together and cook for 1 minute. Transfer to a platter, garnish with parsley and serve with Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce.nIn a small bowl, mix all ingredients until well combined., ingredients: [1 12 pounds smoked Polska kielbasa, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 onion, sliced, 3 cups sauerkraut, drained, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Honey Mustard Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup yellow mustard, 14 cup honey, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, Pinch salt, Pinch cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Kielbasa with Sauerkraut and Onions, picturelink: Jnn5.lZ0liYCNwGA7GN6nvOwNjyspQO}, 56860: {instructions: Cut off the root ends of the leeks and trim the tough green tops of the leaves. Cut the leeks into about 2inch lengths then slice into narrow julienne strips. Place the cut leeks in a large bowl and cover with cold water. If they are very sandy, remove them, discard the dirty water and cover again with fresh water. Put 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and the leeks in a saute pan or skillet large enough to hold the fish fillets in a single layer and place it over mediumlow heat. Add enough water to come about 12 up the side of pan and season lightly with salt and pepper. Cover the pan and cook until the leeks are tender about 10 minutes. While the leeks are cooking, peel the red pepper and remove the core seeds. Cut into narrow lengthwise strips. Add the red pepper to the leeks, raise the heat to medium high and saute uncovered until the pepper is tender and the leeks have lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the pan and set aside. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil to the pan and place it over mediumhigh heat. Put the flour on a plate, evenly coat the fish fillets in it, and shake off any excess. Test the oil in the pan with a drop of flour to see if it sizzles. When the oil is hot enough, add all the fish to the pan and saute until both sides of the fish are lightly browned. Add the white wine, season the fish with salt and pepper, and put the vegetables back in the pan. Lower the heat to medium and cover the pan. Cook until the fish flakes easily when prodded with a fork or spatula, about 5 minutes. Remove the fish from the pan and, if the sauce is too thin, reduce it over high heat until it coats a spoon thickly, and pour it over the fish. Serve at once., ingredients: [4 medium size leeks, about 34 pound, 4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup all purpose flour enough to coat the fish, 2 pounds halibut, sea bass or other delicate, firmfleshed fish fillets, 13 cup dry white wine], title: Filetti di Pesce in Padella con Porri e Peperoni Halibut Fillets Sauteed with Leeks and Red Peppers, picturelink: null}, 56861: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. To blanch peas, place in boiling water for 1 minute 1 teaspoon of sugar added brings out sweetness. Joint chicken into 4 pieces and season well with salt, pepper, oregano and granulated garlic. Peel potato and cut into quarters saute in olive oil until golden brown set aside. In 10inch skillet, bring olive oil to 300 degrees or almost to boiling point. Add garlic cloves cook for 2 minutes to release flavor. Add chicken saute lightly on both sides until golden brown. Add potatoes and then deglaze pan with white wine. Bake for 20 to 30 minutes. Place chicken on serving plate and arrange potatoes around chicken. Pour the sauce from the pan over chicken and add peas. Garnish plate with parsley and serve., ingredients: [2 ounces frozen peas, blanched, 1 chicken, jointed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 teaspoons oregano, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 large baking potatoes, like russets, 6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large garlic cloves, whole, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 teaspoons parsley, chopped], title: Chicken Vesuvio, picturelink: null}, 56862: {instructions: Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil. When water boils, add greens and cook until wilted and tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and set aside.nPlace bacon in a large frying pan and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until browned and fat is rendered, about 3 minutes. Add onion and cook until softened, about 4 minutes. Add greens and turn to coat well. Add broth  it should cover greens and let cook until broth is reduced and greens are very tender, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds collard greens, washed, trimmed, and roughly chopped, 4 ounces bacon, sliced crosswise into 12inch pieces, 34 cup minced sweet onions, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: QuickBraised Greens with Bacon and Sweet Onions, picturelink: QPO8BEFcZ0VB4mOVefSlGeu26mcr6a}, 56863: {instructions: Special equipment: Minimuffin tin or regularnPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nOver hot water in a small bowl, melt the butter and chocolate together. Let cool to almost room temperature while you prepare the rest of the recipe.nIn a mixer or with a whisk, whip the eggs with the sugar until fluffy. Stir in the vanilla and salt with a wooden spoon. Add the melted chocolate mixture and stir. Add the flour and stir in only until incorporated. Add nuts and mix briefly.nGrease a nonstick mini muffin or regular tin and divide the batter evenly by spoonfuls filling each 34 full. Top each with a mini marshmallow, pressing it in slightly. Bake for 20 minutes for chewy brownies and 25 minutes for cakeier brownie bites. Let cool then ease them out of the pan., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup blanched almonds, chopped or slivered almonds, 24 minimarshmallows], title: Rocky Road Brownie Bites, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 56864: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Peel the pears from top to bottom, leaving the stem intact, and lay them in a lidded ovenproof dish just large enough to hold them. Bring the wine and honey to a boil, cover the pears with the liquid, and transfer to the oven. Bake until very tender, 4 to 5 hours, turning now and again. Gently remove the pears to a serving bowl with a slotted spoon. Boil the liquid rapidly until reduced to syrup, about 20 minutes. Pour the syrup over the pears and reserve at room temperature for several hours, or cover and refrigerate until about an hour before serving. Serve with whipped cream which youve sweetened with a little sugar and flavored with Cognac., ingredients: [4 Bosc pears or eight small Anjou pears, 1 bottle dry red wine, 12 cup honey, Whipped cream flavored with sugar and Cognac, for serving, if desired], title: SlowBaked Honey Wine Pears, picturelink: null}, 56865: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut off the lid of the pumpkin and set it aside. Pull out the seeds and strings from inside the pumpkin. Brush the inside flesh with melted butter, season with salt and pepper. Place pumpkin on a roasting rack set inside a pan bake for 15 minutes.nIn a large skillet, heat oil over moderate heat. Add onion, celery, garlic, apples, celery seed, and fennel seed. Sprinkle in orange zest and 2 tablespoons each parsley and sage. Cook, stirring often, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the ground sausage, breaking up the meat with a wooden spoon, and brown until no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan with wine, cook down 2 minutes to evaporate the alcohol. Stir in the cream, check seasoning.nScrape the sausage mixture into a large bowl and fold in the cornbread. Gradually blend in the eggs and chicken broth, until the stuffing is evenly moistened. Add remaining parsley and sage. Fill the pumpkin with stuffing, return to the oven, and bake 20 minutes until the eggs are cooked and the stuffing has a little lift. Serve stuffing in the pumpkin bowl topped with lid., ingredients: [1 4 to 5 pound pumpkin, 14 cup melted butter, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 celery ribs, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 Granny Smith apples, peeled and cubed, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 teaspoon fennel seed, 2 oranges, zested, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, divided, 14 cup chopped fresh sage, divided, 2 pounds ground turkey sausage, 1 cup Sauvignon Blanc wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 16ounce package cornbread stuffing, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 eggs, beaten], title: Overstuffed Pumpkin with Cornbread, Apples and Turkey Sausage with Sauvignon Blanc, picturelink: null}, 56866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the flour, sugar and salt to a food processor and pulse to mix. Add the butter and process until the mixture resembles wet sand. Add the cream cheese and pulse until the dough comes together in large clumps. Place the dough on a floured surface and gently knead two or three times, just enough to incorporate the cream cheese. Form the dough into an oval disk, place in a plastic bag and chill, 15 to 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Roll the dough into a rectangle, about 15by10inches. Cut the dough with a sharp knife into 6 squares, about 5inches each.nBeat 1 teaspoon water and the egg in a small bowl, to make an egg wash.nFill each dough square with about 2 teaspoons applesauce. Use your fingertips to moisten the dough edges with a little water. Fold the dough over to create a triangle. Use your fingers to press the dough gently together, then crimp the seal with a fork. Brush the tops of the triangles with the egg wash. Sprinkle the egg washedtops with the cinnamon sugar. Place the triangles on a baking sheet lined with parchment and bake until the triangles are golden brown, about 15 minutes.nBe careful, the filling will be hot, so cool the empanadas about 15 minutes before eating., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons butter, chilled, cut into 12inch cubes, 6 ounces cream cheese, chilled, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 egg, 14 cup applesauce, Cinnamon sugar, for sprinkling], title: Apple Sauce Empanadas, picturelink: f6q454BqHf2Xaq3UQsUQLUUe7vaIRQy}, 56867: {instructions: LowSodium Recipen1. Toss all ingredients in bowl and serve., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. Mrs. Dashu00ae Extra Spicy Seasoning Blend, 2 cups green beans, washed and cooked crisp, refreshed in cold water, juice of 12 an orange, 3 tbsp. olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, slivered, 2 Tbsp. reduced fat Parmesan cheese, grated or shaved], title: Spicy Green Bean Salad, picturelink: GNSOYX4AAENEy1YyWycDfedsGcoKSXu}, 56868: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a sieve with cheesecloth or a damp paper towel and place over a bowl.nIn a large, heavy pot over moderate heat, bring the milk, cream and salt to a boil, stirring constantly to prevent scorching. Add the lemon juice, reduce the heat to low and continue stirring until curds form, about 3 minutes.nPour the mixture into the lined sieve and let drain, about 10 minutes. Remove the ricotta from the sieve to a medium bowl, discarding the liquid. Mix in the apricots and walnuts and serve.nBYOC: Feel free to toss in some fresh herbs here, oregano or thyme would be beautiful. You could also drizzle some lemoninfused olive oil on top., ingredients: [8 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup roughly chopped California apricots, 13 cup finely chopped walnuts, toasted, Special equipment: cheesecloth], title: Homemade Ricotta with Apricots and Walnuts, picturelink: TI9eiUCvF9i7XeC9Ml1.adVTsis9mW}, 56869: {instructions: Wash the oranges and lemon, cut in half and squeeze out the juice. Remove the membrane with a spoon, put it with the seeds, and tie them in a piece of cheesecloth. Soak the bundle for 30 minutes in cold water. Slice the peel finely. Put the peel, orange and lemon juice, bundle of seeds, and the 2 14 cups water in a nonaluminum bowl or saucepan and leave overnight.nBring everything to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer gently for about 1 hour, until the peel is very soft and liquid is reduced by half. Squeeze all the liquid from the cheesecloth bundle and discard it. Add the sugar and stir until dissolved. Increase the heat, bring to a boil, and cook until the jell point, about 5 to 10 minutes. To test the jell point, a sugar thermometer should register 220 degrees F, or put a little marmalade on a cold saucer and place in freezer for a minute. The marmalade should feel set and wrinkle when you push it.nPour into sterilized jars. Cover, seal and store in a cool, dark place., ingredients: [12 pound oranges, preferably Seville, 1 lemon, 2 14 cups water, 2 12 cups sugar], title: Marmalade, picturelink: null}, 56870: {instructions: For the Roasted Shallot and Pancetta Vinaigrette: In a skillet over medium high heat saute pancetta until golden brown or until the fat is rendered. Remove pancetta from pan and set aside. Saute shallots and garlic until golden brown. Add sherry and reduce by 34 at a low simmer, then add vegetable stock and reduce by 34. Salt and pepper to taste, add olive oil and reserved pancetta. Reserve. For the Trout: Preheat a medium nonstick saute pan on medium high heat, with 1ounce olive oil. Place trout skin side down for 1 minute or until skin starts to turn golden brown, flip trout over and place in a 350 degree oven for four minutes. In a large saute pan heat all the vegetables with a little olive oil, then add parsley, thyme, and salt and pepper, to taste. To assemble, place vegetables on a oval plate if you have one or a round one. Then lay the trout over the vegetables, heat shallot sauce and pour over fish., ingredients: [4 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 12 shallots, sliced, 1 garlic clove, sliced, 1 cup sherry vinegar, 2 cups vegetable stock, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1ounce extra virgin olive, 1ounce olive oil, 4 whole trout, deboned and scaled, 8 each baby carrots, peeled and blanched, 8 each baby zucchini, blanched, 8 each baby patty pan squash, blanched, 8 each roasted shallots, roasted and peeled, 4 each red potatoes, boiled and quartered, 1ounce parsley, minced, 1ounce thyme, minced, Salt and pepper, to taste, Roasted shallot and pancetta vinaigrette recipe above], title: Whole Roasted Trout with Roasted Shallot and Pancetta Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 56871: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nMelt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute the celery and onion until soft and translucent, 10 to 12 minutes.nIn a large bowl, add the celery, onion, cornbread, stuffing mix, and sage. Stir in the chicken stock and eggs and mix until completely combined. Season with a few grinds of black pepper. The mixture should be fairly soupy. Pour into a lightly greased 9 by 13inch baking dish. Bake, uncovered, until the dressing is set and golden brown, 45 minutes to an hour.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees. Grease a large castiron skillet and place in the oven to heat while mixing the batter.nIn a large bowl, mix the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, salt, baking soda, and a few generous grinds of black pepper.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the buttermilk, eggs, and melted butter together until combined. Pour into the dry ingredients and stir until just combined its okay if its a little lumpy. Pour the batter into the hot castiron skillet and bake until the top is golden brown, about 25 minutes.nImmediately remove the cornbread from the skillet and allow to cool. The cornbread can be made up to 2 days in advance when using for the dressing. Store until needed, then crumble and follow instructions for the dressing.nIf enjoying the cornbread immediately not for the dressing recipe, remove the cornbread from the oven, invert it onto a large plate, and then flip it once more so it is right side up. Slice into wedges and serve warm with lots of butter., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups finely chopped celery, 2 cups finely chopped onion about 2 mediumsized onions, 5 cups dayold crumbled cornbread, recipe follows, 2 cups herbseasoned stuffing mix, such as Pepperidge Farm, 14 cup minced fresh sage, 4 cups turkey or chicken stock, plus more as needed preferably homemade, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 cup stoneground yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Catherines Cornbread Dressing, picturelink: null}, 56872: {instructions: Combine the ginger, lemon peel and 3 cups cold water in a medium saucepan over high heat. Bring to a boil and cook until reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add 1 cup of the sugar and continue boiling until the sugar completely dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Strain the syrup into a small pitcher, cover tightly and refrigerate until very cold, at least 2 hours.nCombine the raspberries and the remaining 1 tablespoon sugar in a medium bowl. Let stand at room temperature, about 30 minutes.nSpoon some of the berries into the bottoms of 6 to 8 glasses and mash them gently with a spoon. Pour over some ginger syrup  more or less depending on how sweet you want your drink. Pour about 12 cup club soda in each glass, and serve with a straw., ingredients: [1 12 cups chopped fresh, peeled ginger, Strips of lemon peel from 1 lemon, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon pure cane sugar, 1 pint fresh very ripe raspberries, plus a few whole for garnish, 4 cups very cold club soda, Ice cubes], title: Raspberry Gingerale, picturelink: Em.62vLXOcIaiTcWUY76x0jEuK4Qi}, 56873: {instructions: Heat wok over high heat. Working in batches, add two tablespoons butter and melt. Add a generous splash of hot pepper sauce, or to taste. Add four scallops to sizzling butter mixture and sear both sides until nice and golden brown, about one minute per side. Season with salt and pepper. Remove scallops from wok to plate. Repeat until all the scallops are cooked.nTo the wok add the sugar peas and bell pepper and stirfry for about 2 to 3 minutes until slightly soft yet still crunchy. If they are sticking you may need to add a dash of peanut oil to help out. Pour a large dash of your favorite teriyaki sauce into the wok and return the scallops to the wok. Give them a final toss and serve., ingredients: [1 12 sticks butter, Hot pepper sauce recommended: Tabasco, 24 large scallops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound sugar snap peas, trimmed and cleaned of stems and blanched, 2 red bell peppers, diced, Peanut oil, Storebought teriyaki sauce], title: Wok Seared Scallops In Teriyaki Tabasco Butter Sauce, picturelink: 29RtioDKu9iAjze3S3YbDKpzVTlhM.}, 56874: {instructions: In a pot, bring salted water to a boil, and add the Arborio rice. Stir constantly for the first minute to prevent the rice from sticking to the pot. In a separate pot, add the spinach along with 14 cup of water, and cook for a few minutes. Once the spinach has softened, remove it from the heat, and puree using a food processor. Cook the rice for approximately 12 minutes, or before the rice gets to the al dente stage. Pour most of the water out of the pot, leaving 14 of the water behind with the rice. Add the pureed spinach to the rice, and cook a few minutes more on low heat. Add the soft ricotta, grated cheese and butter into the rice, and stir until it is uniform and creamy. Salt to taste. Transfer the rice to a warm plate and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Salt, 14 ounces Arborio rice, Bunch fresh or frozen spinach, 5 ounces soft ricotta cheese, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Zia Orsolas Spinach Risotto, picturelink: null}, 56875: {instructions: Special equipment: a waffle ironnFor the everything seasoning: In a small bowl, stir together the sesame seeds, poppy seeds, dried garlic, dried onion and salt. Set aside.nFor the waffles: Coarsely grate the potatoes on a box grater. Wrap the grated potatoes in a clean kitchen towel and squeeze out the excess moisture. Whisk the flour, baking powder, salt and 1 tablespoon of the everything seasoning together in a large bowl. Add the potatoes, eggs, milk, butter and scallions stir to combine.nPreheat a waffle iron. Using 13 cup batter per waffle, cook the waffles for about 4 minutes or according to manufacturers directions. With an offset spatula, flip the waffles and cook an additional 2 minutes, or until theyre a deep golden brown. As you go, transfer the cooked waffles to a baking sheet and keep warm in a low oven.nTo serve: Top the waffles with smoked salmon and a dollop of creme fraiche, sprinkle with capers and everything seasoning, and garnish with a dill sprig., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 2 teaspoons poppy seeds, 1 teaspoon dried minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dried minced onion, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 medium russet potatoes, peeled, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 scallions, chopped, 8 ounces smoked salmon, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon capers, 14 cup small dill sprigs], title: Everything Savory Potato Waffles with Smoked Salmon, picturelink: LnfwksyMREcwwJuqu1cHzHkOi8Fu.e}, 56876: {instructions: Heat a tablespoon of the oil in a skillet over medium heat and add the jalapeno, finely chopped red onion, and garlic. Cook 3 to 4 minutes, then add the beans and cumin and mash together. Season the beans with salt and pepper and fold in the chutney. Reduce the heat to low to keep warm, stirring now and then to keep them from burning. If the beans dry out before you are ready to use them add a splash of water.nZest one of the limes and set aside. Combine the juice of both limes, the hot sauce, honey, 2 tablespoons of the canola oil, salt, and pepper with the sliced onions, cilantro and shredded cabbage. Toss to combine.nHeat an outdoor grill to medium or preheat the broiler. Season the fish with the remaining tablespoon of oil, 2 teaspoons of lime zest and the grill seasoning. Cook the fish on the grill with the lid closed or under the broiler for 8 minutes total, until cooked through, turning once.nCrisp the taco shells and blister the tortillas on the grill or in the oven. Glue the softened flour tortillas onto the crisp taco shells with a few spoonfuls of mashed black beans. Fill each tortillawrapped taco shell with half a piece of fish, flaked, and top with some cabbage slaw and creme fraiche. Serve 2 tortillawrapped tacos per person., ingredients: [14 cup canola oil, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 small or medium red onion, 14 finely chopped, the remainder thinly sliced, 1 garlic clove, minced or grated, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 13 palmful, Salt and pepper, 12 cup mango chutney, 2 limes, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 3 tablespoons honey, A handful of fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 12 medium head of red cabbage, shredded, 4 mahimahi fillets, 6 ounces each, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, such as McCormicks Montreal Steak Seasoning, 8 corn tortilla taco shells hard shell, 8 flour tortillas, 1 cup creme fraiche], title: MyOhMahi Thats a Good Fish Taco, picturelink: null}, 56877: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 12 sheetpan or jelly roll pan. Sift the dry ingredients together and set aside. In an electric mixer cream the butter, molasses and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg and add the reserved dry ingredients and mix until just incorporated. Fold in oats, raisins and nuts. Spread dough in an even layer on prepared sheetpan and bake for 20 to 30 minutes or until lightly browned. Let cool on a rack for 10 minutes then carefully cut into bars approximately 3 inches square. Remove bars from pan and allow to cool completely., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, 34 cup uncooked rolled oats, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup chopped walnuts, optional], title: Jill Cordes Oatmeal Bars, picturelink: null}, 56878: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nMix together the Worcestershire, Cajun seasoning, garlic, sage, thyme and salt. Rub the mixture over the turkey wings.nSpread the celery and onions in the bottom of a nonstick baking dish. Place the turkey wings on top and pour over the chicken broth. Cover tightly with foil and transfer to the oven for 1 hour 30 minutes, then uncover and roast for 15 minutes longer to brown., ingredients: [12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 3 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, 3 tablespoons granulated garlic, 3 tablespoons dried sage, 3 tablespoons dried thyme, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 8 turkey wings, rinsed well under cold water and patted dry, 2 ribs celery, diced, 1 small onion, diced, 8 ounces chicken broth], title: Warmdaddys Braised Turkey Wings, picturelink: null}, 56879: {instructions: Prepare chili as directed on package. Set aside. Place lettuce in a big bowl. Top with tomatoes, chili, and cheese. Then add the olives and sour cream. Finish off with the crushed tortilla chips, and enjoy, ingredients: [23 cup lowfat veggie chili, 3 cups chopped romaine lettuce, 14 cup chopped tomato, 14 cup shredded fatfree Cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped or sliced black olives, 2 tablespoons fatfree sour cream, 6 baked tortilla chips, crushed], title: Rockin Taco Salad, picturelink: null}, 56880: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, whisk together the mayonnaise, tarragon, honey, mustard and lemon zest and juice season with salt and pepper.nRub the mayonnaise mixture all over a 12 to 14pound turkey before roasting., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, such as Hellmanns, 1 cup fresh tarragon leaves, finely minced, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Turkey Wet Rub, picturelink: zXsBi6YPT98qd967GuuZATfdtMVs8AW}, 56881: {instructions: With a fork or clean hands, gently combine the meat, egg, bread crumbs, salt, and pepper. Shape into 1inch balls. Press a green olive slice into the ball to make eyes. Melt the butter in a large saute pan and brown the meatballs on all sides. Drain off the fat. In a bowl, stir together the jelly and chili sauce and pour over the meatballs. Simmer uncovered for 30 minutes over medium to low heat, turning the meatballs regularly., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 egg, beaten, 34 cup plain bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sliced green olives with pimento, About 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup apricot jelly, 1 cup chili sauce], title: Sweet and Sour Eyeballs, picturelink: djYpgZWboO6baLYCA.Cl4ky1aE8OCGS}, 56882: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBake the mushrooms for 10 minutes after seasoned with salt, pepper and a dab of butter, reserve. Cook the bacon with sliced shallots until the bacon is crispy, reserve. Spread the potatoes in the bottom of a casserole dish. Add salt, pepper, and thyme. Add the cubed tuna. Add the bacon and shallots and blanched green beans. Add the mushrooms. Sprinkle parsley and breadcrumbs over dish. Mix heavy cream and egg yolks until well blended and add. Top with crushed potato chips. Bake for 45 minutes., ingredients: [2 large portobellos, Salt and pepper, Pat of butter, 1 cup Sauteed crispy and diced bacon, 12 cup sliced shallots, 1 cup thinly sliced red bliss potatoes, Fresh thyme, 1 12 pounds yellowfin tuna, cubed, 1 cup sliced and blanched green beans, 12 cup parsley, 1 cup bread crumbs, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup crushed potato chips], title: Updated Tuna Casserole I, picturelink: null}, 56883: {instructions: Wash the cooked chicken, pat it dry with paper towels, and cut it into serving pieces. Place the chicken and remaining ingredients in a heavy saucepan or Dutch oven. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes or until the flavors have combined and the onions are tender. When the dish has reached the desired degree of hotness spiciness, remove the chiles and reserve if desired to serve separately. Serve hot with white rice., ingredients: [1 smoked chicken 3 12 pounds skinned, 6 mediumsized ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 teaspoons reducedsodium soy sauce, 2 habanero chiles, pricked with a fork], title: Smoked Chicken with Sauce Moyo de Poulet Fume, picturelink: null}, 56884: {instructions: made by kneading together 1 tablespoon softened unsalted butter and 1 tablespoon al lpurpose flournFlat leafed parsley sprigs for garnishnTo prepare the filets: In a heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it brown the filets mignons, patted dry and seasoned with salt and pepper, for 2 minutes on each side. Saute the filets mignons, turning them on both sides and the edges, for 4 to 6 minutes more for medium rare meat, transfer them to a cutting board, and let them stand, covered loosely with foil, while making the sauce. In the fat remaining in the skillet cook the shallot over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened, add the Port and the red wine, and boil the mixture until it is reduced by two thirds. Add the broth, boil the mixture until it is reduced by half, and strain the mixture through a fine sieve into a small saucepan. Whisk in the mustard, bring the mixture to a boil, and add the beurre manie, a little at a time, whisking until the sauce is smooth. Simmer the sauce, whisking occasionally, for 2 minutes, whisk in any juices that have accumulated on the cutting board, and season the sauce with salt and pepper. Cut the filets mignons into 14 inch thick slices, divide the slices among 4 plates, and spoon the sauce over them, ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, Four 5 to 6 ounce filets mignons each about 1 12 inches thick, 3 tablespoons minced shallot, 13 cup Tawny Port, 23 cup dry red wine, 1 cup beef broth, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon style mustard, 1 tablespoon softened unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon all purpose flour], title: Filet Mignon with Mustard Port Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56885: {instructions: Put the chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl and heat on medium for 1 minute. Stir and repeat until the chocolate melts, about 3 minutes in all, depending on the power of your microwave. Alternatively, put the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with an inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl on the pan without touching the water. Stir occasionally until melted and smooth.nProcess the cookies in a food processor until finely ground. You should have about 1 12 cups ground cookies. Alternatively, put the cookies inside a heavy resealable plastic bag and crush by moving a rolling pin over the cookies.nStir the cookie crumbs, dried plums, confectioners sugar, bourbon and condensed milk into the chocolate until evenly combined. Cover and refrigerate the mixture until firm enough to roll into balls, about 45 minutes.nScoop a tablespoon or so of the mixture at a time into a small ball with a cookie or small ice cream scoop and set onto a baking sheet or large plate. Roll each portion by hand into a smooth ball.nStore the booze balls in an airtight container at room temperature for a day to allow the flavors to come together. Store the balls in the refrigerator for a week or freeze for up to 1 month. Roll in decorating sugars or wafer crumbs and serve., ingredients: [1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 20 chocolate wafer cookies about half a 9ounce box, 12 cup about 15 finely chopped pitted dried plums a.k.a prunes, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup bourbon or13 to 12 cup brandy, 14 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup colored decorating sugars or more finely ground wafer cookies, for garnish], title: Booze Balls, picturelink: id11g.6Z97nTXhzkHjXTi4IsNzmR2VO}, 56886: {instructions: In a stainless steel bowl, combine the egg whites, cold water, sugar, and cream of tartar in the top of a double boiler. Whisk until smooth. Place over boiling water and whisk constantly or beat with a hand mixer until the frosting is stiff and holds peaks, about 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla. Let cool, whisking often., ingredients: [2 egg whites, 6 tablespoons cold water, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: 7Minute Frosting, picturelink: ibprAQqwCtHvyrXLau6X9.YMySSwWom}, 56887: {instructions: Muddle the quartered strawberries with the Ginger Syrup in a cocktail shaker. Add the bourbon and lime juice, fill the shaker with ice and shake well. Strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with a splash of soda, garnish with a mint sprig and whole strawberry and serve.nCombine the ginger juice and sugar in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 strawberries, hulled and quartered, plus 1 whole strawberry, for garnish, 1 ounce Ginger Syrup, recipe follows, 2 ounces bourbon, Juice of 1 lime, Splash of club soda, Fresh mint sprig, for garnish, 12 cup fresh ginger juice, 12 cup sugar], title: Strawberry Smash, picturelink: null}, 56888: {instructions: In a 2 quart saucepan over medium heat, melt butter the stir in the flour. Stir the 2 together into a paste. Whisk in the milk to create what the French call a bechamel sauce. Drop the temperature a little and simmer the sauce for about 10 minutes so it thickens and the flour taste cooks out. After that its easy, just fold in the crumbled feta, scallions, and parsley. Season it with salt and a little cracked pepper.nOnce the cheese melts it is officially fondue, you can either use a fondue pot with a candle or just leave it in the pot and have everyone eat from there.nFinish it with the walnuts tossed on top. I like to cut up bite size pieces of bread and melon or maybe pitted olives and prosciutto, either way this is always a holiday hit., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 2 cups whole milk, 6 ounces feta cheese, 2 scallions minced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup walnuts toasted and finely chopped], title: Feta Cheese Fondue with Walnuts and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 56889: {instructions: To make the arugula pesto, in a food processor, combine the walnuts, garlic, arugula, ParmigianoReggiano and the 1 tsp. salt and pulse to blend. With the machine running, pour in the olive oil through the feed tube in a slow, steady stream and process until smooth, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Taste and adjust the seasonings with salt. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the ground beef, ricotta, ParmigianoReggiano, bread crumbs, eggs, parsley, garlic, red pepper flakes and salt. Mix gently just until combined you dont want to overwork the meat. Form the mixture into 12 meatballs about the size of golf balls, putting them on a lightly oiled baking sheet as you work. Set aside at room temperature.nBuild a hot fire in a charcoal grill or preheat a gas grill to high. Using a grill brush, scrape the heated grill rack clean. Rub the rack with oil.nArrange the meatballs on the grill rack without crowding. Using tongs, grill until the meatballs are browned evenly on all sides and cooked to medium, 8 to 10 minutes total, depending on the grill temperature. Move any meatballs to a cooler area of the grill if they threaten to overbrown. Transfer to a platter or a clean baking sheet as they are finished. Let rest for 5 minutes while you assemble the sandwiches.nCut the baguette crosswise into 4 pieces and split each piece horizontally. Lay the pieces, cut side down, on the grill. Toast until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Lay the provolone slices on half of the baguette pieces. Place 3 meatballs on top of the cheeselined baguette slices. Garnish with the pesto, cover the sandwiches with the remaining baguette pieces and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup walnut pieces, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 cups packed arugula leaves, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 1 tsp. kosher salt, plus more, to taste, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 lb. ground beef, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, 4 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 Tbs. minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tsp. red pepper flakes, 2 tsp. kosher salt, Oil for grill, 1 large baguette, 8 oz. thinly sliced provolone cheese], title: Grilled Meatball Sandwich, picturelink: e2q.hYproqkiFH5OEQNYfhOHny50FC}, 56890: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel, core, and cut the pears and apples into large chunks. Place the fruit in a large bowl and add the zests, juices, sugar, flour, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Pour into a 9 by 12 by 2inch oval baking dish.nFor the topping: Combine the flour, sugars, salt, oatmeal, and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on low speed for 1 minute, until the mixture is in large crumbles. Sprinkle evenly over the fruit, covering the fruit completely.nPlace the baking dish on a sheet pan and bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour, until the top is brown and the fruit is bubbly. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe Bosc pears 4 pears, 2 pounds firm Macoun apples 6 apples, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup oldfashioned oatmeal, 12 pound 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, diced], title: Apple and Pear Crisp, picturelink: kSOA2Uzvd5DCL2ZUf8MKOlHKnSGRtq}, 56891: {instructions: Spray pineapple slices with cooking spray and grill or pan brown, lightly brush both sides with hoisin sauce. Cut rings into bite size pieces about 1  wide just big enough for the meatballs to sit on top of.nPrepare a medium skillet with pan spray and brown al fresco all natural Teriyaki Meat Balls over medium high heat on both sides. Add water, cover and fully heat meatballs.nSkewer meatballs on top of pineapple and lightly brush with the hoisin sauce to give a glaze.nSetup on a platter, and put remaining hoisin sauce in a small dipping bowl. Garnish with fresh mint. Serve immediately., ingredients: [112 oz package, 34 lb fresh Pineapple, sliced 3 x 34, 13 sec extra virgin olive oil cooking Spray, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 Tbsp Water, 2 fresh peppermint leaves], title: Grilled Pineapple Appetizer with Teriyaki Ginger Chicken Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 56892: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until cooked. Add the wine and reduce by half, then add the plum tomatoes, oregano and parsley. Add the mussels to the pan and allow to cook for about 10 minutes until all the mussels are open. Transfer mussels to a platter. Discard any mussels that do not open.nYou can mound some pasta in the center of the plate surrounded by the mussels or have some bruschetta handy for dipping into the sauce.nAdjust the seasoning for the sauce with salt and pepper, as necessary. Coat the mussels with the sauce and sprinkle with fresh chopped basil just before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons light oil or olive oil, 1 small white onion, finely chopped, 4 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup white wine, 2 or 3 cans chopped plum tomatoes 32 to 48 ounces total, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped oregano leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley leaves, Salt and pepper, 4 pounds fresh mussels, debearded, scrubbed and rinsed, Pasta, as an accompaniment or bruschetta for dipping, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped basil leaves], title: Mussels Marinara, picturelink: null}, 56893: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta.nMeanwhile, place a large, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the 13 cup olive oil, garlic, red chili flakes, and 14 cup parsley. Stir and cook until fragrant, about 1 to 2 minutes. Add the eggplant and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Remove the eggplant from the pan and set aside. Season the swordfish cubes with salt and pepper.nUsing the same pan, over mediumhigh heat, add the 2 remaining tablespoons of olive oil and cook the swordfish until opaque, about 5 minutes. Add the white wine and cook until almost evaporated, about 2 minutes. Turn off the heat. Add the tomatoes, eggplant, cooked pasta, the remaining 13 cup parsley and stir. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Stir to combine., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 13 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes plus more to taste, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus 13 cup, 4 Japanese eggplants, ends trimmed, thinly sliced lengthwise, then cut into squares, 1 pound swordfish steaks, skin removed, cut into 1inch cubes, 13 cup white wine, 2 cups halved teardrop or cherry tomatoes red, yellow or a blend, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sicilian Penne with Swordfish and Eggplant, picturelink: KAkm.LADs9Tt64zlBBZjMRMKIhHs0W}, 56894: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Put the poblano cutside down on a baking sheet and broil until the skin is browned in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover with plastic wrap and let cool 5 minutes. Peel the skin off the poblano under cold running water, then chop into small pieces.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly butter a 2quart baking dish. Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic and thyme and cook, stirring frequently, until the onion is soft, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes, chicken broth, 1 12 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and cook, stirring gently, until the potatoes are tender, 10 to 12 minutes.nArrange half of the potatobroth mixture in the prepared baking dish in an even layer. Sprinkle with half each of the roasted poblano and parmesan. Repeat with the remaining potatobroth mixture, poblano and parmesan. Bake until bubbly and slightly golden, about 35 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes before serving. Thin some crema or sour cream with water and serve alongside for topping.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 medium poblano chile pepper, halved and seeded, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 12 small onion, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and sliced 18 inch thick, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese, Mexican crema or sour cream, for topping optional], title: Light Scalloped Potatoes With Roasted Chiles, picturelink: TthRnBI5NlNwZ9U6vlb32Mo.h8Sdy}, 56895: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, stir together the sugar and the water. Cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase to high heat and cook the mixture until it is golden amber in color. Do not stir after you increase the heat. Remove the saucepan from the heat and carefully stir in a few tablespoons of cream. Let the caramel bubble and subside and then add a few more tablespoons of cream. Slowly add the rest of the cream. Stir until smooth.nServe the sauce warm or cold. It can be reheated in a doubleboiler., ingredients: [1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup water, 1 cup heavy whipping cream], title: Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56896: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Set out 2 sheet pans. Whisk to combine the flour, cardamom, baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, and lemon zest in a large bowl and set aside.nSift the powdered sugar into another bowl to ensure there are no lumps and set aside.nIn an electric standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, spread the butter around the bowl by mixing on low for about 20 seconds. Bump the speed up to medium low, and slowly stream in the granulated sugar. Cream the butter and sugar on medium speed for about 2 minutes.nWe are cutting little holes in the butter with the abrasive sugar, and those little holes will expand from the leavening properties of the baking powder during baking so we can get that soft cakey texture for the cookies.nScrape down the bowl with a spatula, add the eggs one at a time, and mix on medium until incorporated. Add the vanilla and beat until blended.nTurn off the mixer and add the flour mixture. Mix on low speed until the flour disappears.nUse a number 40 1 12 tablespoons scoop to portion out your cookies, then roll the portioned dough into small balls. Roll the balls in the sifted powdered sugar, and place on the sheet pan at least 2inches apart.nBake for 13 to14 minutes, until the surface of the cookies have cracked and puffed up. The cookies will not be browned. Cool the cookies on a wire rack and serve.nCreaming the butter and sugar together is such an important step. This method ensures that the cakey tender texture characteristic of this cookie is achieved., ingredients: [9 ounces allpurpose flour about 1 34 cups, sifted, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, Sea salt, Zest of 4 Meyer lemons, 12 cup powdered sugar, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Meyer Lemon Cardamom Crinkle Cookies, picturelink: null}, 56897: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray 2 9inch cake pans with cooking spray and dust with flour.nIn a large bowl, using a handheld mixer, combine the flour, cocoa, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add the eggs and egg yolk, 1 at a time, and beat until well mixed, then add in the melted butter and combine. Next, add the buttermilk and beat until smooth, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add in the crumbled cookies and beat until incorporated.nPour the batter evenly into the cake pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean, about 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and cool, on a rack, in the pans for 5 minutes. Turn the cakes out onto a rack and let cool completely. Frost with Cookies and Cream Cheese Icing and serve.nIn a large bowl with an electric mixer, blend the butter and cream cheese until smooth, about 3 minutes. Add the salt and vanilla. Add in the confectioners sugar, 12 cup at a time, until smooth. Beat in the crumbled cookies. Frost the chocolate cookie cake when the cake has cooled., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for pans, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa, 2 cups granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs, plus 1 egg yolk, 1 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 12 cups finely crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies, Cookies and Cream Cheese Icing, recipe follows, 1 stick butter, softened, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 1 pinch salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 34 cups confectioners sugar, 1 12 cups finely crumbled chocolate sandwich cookies], title: Neelys Cookies and Cream Cake, picturelink: rYW8yg73TevZSgIxkx3MX6FhP5OvI.}, 56898: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 56899: {instructions: Just before rolling sushi, toast the nori by passing the shiny side over a high flame. The color of the nori will change from brownish black to dark green. Without toasting, the nori will be gummy and hard to chew. Cut toasted nori sheets in half crosswise.nLay a 12 a sheet of the nori, shiny side down on a counter. Combine the rice vinegar and water in a bowl, and moisten your hands with this hand vinegar to keep the rice from sticking to your hands as you work. Spread about 1 cup of the sushi rice on 34 of the nori closest to you, in a layer about 14 inch thick, spreading it to the edges. Lay 14 of the pickle slices across the center of the nori. Roll gently, using the fingers and palms of both hands. Eat immediately, without cutting, and serve the soy sauce as a dipping sauce. Yield: 4 servings, 4 rollsnVARIATION: CONESnAs a variation, roll the nori, rice and ingredients into a cone shape and serve with dipping sauce., ingredients: [4 cups sushi rice, cooked, 4 takuan, Japanese pickles, cut into thin strips, 2 sheets nori seaweed, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons water, Soy sauce, for dipping], title: Japanese Pickle Roll Handroll, Temakisushi, picturelink: null}, 56900: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to high.nCombine the sesame oil and salt in a small bowl and set aside.nThinly slice the scallion greens into 3inchlong julienne. Stir together the soy sauce and rice vinegar in a small bowl. Add the scallions, toss and set aside.nLightly oil the grill and rub the grates with one of the onion rounds. Place the onions on the grill and grill until slightly charred and softened, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Move the onions off to the side to keep warm. Grill the ribeye slices until browned and cooked to the desired doneness, about 2 minutes per side.nTo eat, dip a piece or two of the ribeye into the seasoned sesame oil and then place in a lettuce leaf along with some grilled onions. Top with some marinated scallions and consume like a taco., ingredients: [14 cup sesame oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 bunch scallions, green part only, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon rice vinegar, 1 onion, sliced into 12inch rounds, 1 pound thinly sliced ribeye steak you can find this at Korean markets, 1 small head green leaf lettuce, leaves separated], title: Korean BBQ Beef, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 56901: {instructions: Season the cutlets with salt and pepper on both sides turn lightly in flour.nCombine next 7 ingredients in food processor and pulseprocess the crumbs to chop the spices, garlic and nuts and evenly distribute the flavors throughout the crumb and cheese mixture. Transfer the mixture to a plate. Beat eggs in a separate shallow dish.nHeat a thin layer of oil in a large skillet, just enough to coat the bottom of the pan, over medium to medium high heat. Coat the cutlets in eggs then breading and add to the hot oil. Cook cutlets in a single layer, in 2 batches if necessary, about 3 or 4 minutes on each side, until cutlets juices run clear and breading is evenly browned.nReturn food processor bowl to base and add basil, parsley and lemon juice. Add a little salt and pepper. Turn processor on and stream in oil until a loose paste forms.nServe chicken cutlets with a generous amount of basil and parsley sauce poured over the cutlets. Garnish the chicken with finely chopped Roma tomato. Serve Cheesy Risi e Bisi alongside.nHeat a medium skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil and garlic and onion and saute, stirring constantly 2 to 3 minutes then add rice and season with a little salt and pepper. Cook another minute or so then add wine and let it completely absorb, 30 seconds. Add about 1 cup chicken stock and stir. Reduce heat a bit to medium. Stir often and continue adding a half cup of liquid each time liquid becomes completely absorbed. Cook 22 minutes, using as much stock as is necessary to result in creamyconsistency rice with a bite to it.nWhen rice is cooked to desired consistency, remove from heat and stir in cheese, parsley and peas and stir to combine and to heat peas through., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken cutlets, Salt and pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup Italian bread crumbs, 13 to 12 cup grated Parmigiano, a couple of handfuls, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 1 clove garlic, 1 3ounce jar pine nuts pignoli, 1 lemon, zested, 2 eggs, beaten, Olive oil, for shallow frying, 1 cup loosely packed basil leaves, 12 cup loosely packed parsley leaves, 12 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 Roma or plum tomato, seeded and finely chopped, for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 cup arborio rice, Salt and pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock, 1 quart size box, available in soup aisle of the market, 14 to 13 cup grated Parmigiano, a generous handful, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 cup tiny frozen peas], title: Crispy Chicken Cutlets with BasilParsley Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56902: {instructions: For the Spicy Remoulade: In a blender, combine the egg, lemon juice, green onions, ketchup, chipotle, garlic, salt and pepper and blend. While the blender is running, slowly add the oil in a steady stream to create an emulsion. Taste for seasoning.nFor the slaw: In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar, mustard and vinegar. Slowly whisk in the oil and season with salt and pepper. In a large bowl, combine the cabbages, carrots and onions. Pour the dressing over the mixture and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the fried shrimp: Preheat oil in fryer to 360 degrees. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper. Season the flour with salt and pepper. Dredge the shrimp in the flour. Make an egg wash with the egg and the water. Dredge the shrimp in the egg wash. Dredge the shrimp in the cornmeal. Fry the shrimp until golden brown. Drain on a paper towel lined plate.nTo assemble: Slice the French bread in half to create 4 sandwiches. Spread some of the remoulade on the bread. Top with the fried shrimp. Place some of the slaw on top., ingredients: [1 egg, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons green onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Salt, Pepper, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup vegetable oil, Salt, Pepper, 2 cups shredded green cabbage, 1 cup shredded red cabbage, 1 cup carrots, julienned, 12 cup red onions, julienned, 2 pounds 16 count per pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups flour, 2 eggs, 14 cup water, 2 cups cornmeal, 2 long, thin loaves French bread], title: Fried Shrimp PoBoys, picturelink: X5KP8aoV8qbFMCwq18NULZDP7eLOGba}, 56903: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Spray baking sheets with nostick cooking spray set aside.n2. COMBINE 12 cup shortening, sugar, 1 tablespoon milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla and egg yolk in medium bowl beat at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Add melted chocolate mix well. Combine flour and salt add to chocolate mixture. Mix until blended.n3. STIR in chocolate chips. Form dough into 1inch balls. Place 2 inches apart on prepared baking sheet. Press thumb gently into center of each cookie.n4. BAKE 8 minutes. Repress centers after baking. Remove to cooling rack cool completely. Spoon or pipe peanut butter cream filling into center of each cookie.nPeanut Butter Cream Filling:n1. COMBINE 2 tablespoons shortening and peanut butter in medium bowl. Stir until blended. Add powdered sugar stir well. Add 2 tablespoons milk and 12 teaspoon vanilla stir until smooth. Fill cooled thumbprint cookies., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening OR 12 stick Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg yolk, 1 1 oz. square unsweetened chocolate, melted and cooled, 1 cup Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 13 cup semisweet miniature chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons Criscou00ae Butter Shortening Sticks OR 2 tablespoons Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 13 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Chocolate and Peanut Butter Thumbprint Cookies, picturelink: CflRRANm.1mOiFnRySDiPpcRqX1KItK}, 56904: {instructions: Cook the whole, unpeeled potatoes in a pot of unsalted water to cover at a steady boil for 20 minutes or longer until just cooked through. Dont let them crack or get mushy on the outside. Let them cool briefly, then peel and slice them into rounds, 14inch thick.nHeat the oil and the bacon pieces in a skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for 3 or 4 minutes until the bacon is sizzling and has rendered much of its fat. Stir in the leeks and cook another 3 minutes or so until theyre wilted and sizzling. Spread the potato slices in the pan, season with salt and pepper and toss with the bacon and leeks.nCook for 8 minutes or more over mediumhigh heat, breaking up the potatoes into chunks. Spread and press the filling flat in the pan and let caramelize for a couple of minutes. Turn the pieces, press and fry, then repeat. When the filling is thoroughly cooked and has started to color, scrape it into a mixing bowl. Cool briefly then crush the potatoes some more with a fork I like to have little chunks left add 12 cup Parmesan and salt and pepper, to taste.nFilling the Ravioli:nRoll out fresh pasta dough. For each ravioli, scoop up a heaping tablespoon of potato filling, shape it round and set in place. Cover and cut ravioli.nBring a large pot of salted water to boil. If you are using dry pasta, start cooking the pasta 5 minutes before you start the sauce if you are using fresh, start the sauce and then put on the pasta to cook at the same timenWhen the pasta is done al dente, scoop it up and drop into the shrimp pan. Toss briefly, sprinkle on the parsley, and toss again. Remove from the heat and drop 2 tablespoons butter on top of the pasta and toss in. Serve right away sprinkled with Parmesan.nHot water from the pasta cooking potnPour the olive oil into the big skillet, scatter the garlic slices in and set over mediumhigh heat. Cook for 1 minute, until the garlic is sizzling. Scatter the slices of pepperoncini in a hot spot cook for 1 minute shake the pan now and then. Push the garlic and peppers to the side, turn the heat to high. Drop the shrimp in the center of the skillet and spread them so theyre not crowded. Sprinkle on the salt and let them sizzle for 12 minute. Flip the shrimp over, giving the skillet a good toss or stirring and turning them and cook another 12 minute or so, until the flesh is just turning opaque. Scatter the scallions into the skillet toss and stir in with the shrimp, for 20 to 30 seconds, just until they are sizzling. Stir in butter 2 tablespoons of butter and cook until it is melted and starts to simmer, 10 to 20 seconds. Ladle in 2 cups of boiling pasta water. Stir up everything in the skillet and let the sauce boil for only a moment. If the pasta is ready to add turn down the heat to very low. If the pasta is not ready, remove the skillet from the heat immediately set it back over low heat when you do add the pasta., ingredients: [34 pound Yukon gold potatoes 3 small potatoes are best, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup bacon, cut crosswise in 14inch strips about 5 ounces, 1 12 cups finely chopped leeks, washed and drained 2 medium leeks, 18 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Grana Padano, for the filling, Fresh pasta dough, Small Shrimp and Scallion Sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons soft butter, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Grana Padano, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup sliced garlic 7 or 8 fat garlic cloves, About 12 whole Tuscanstyle pepperoncini in vinegar, drained, seeded and thinly sliced about 14 cup, 1 pound about 2 dozen small shrimp, washed, peeled and deveined, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup thinly sliced scallions, 2 tablespoons soft butter], title: Potato, Leek, and Bacon Ravioli, picturelink: 4pJeARnTlzsltEbMoAExkrGC6sNKzGm}, 56905: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix together the flours, sugar, baking powder and cinnamon in a large bowl.nMix together the milk, oil and egg yolks in a small bowl, and then add to the flour mixture and stir until smooth.nBeat the egg whites in a small bowl on mediumhigh speed with an electric mixer until stiff. Gently fold into the batter, and then gently fold in the cinnamon and chocolate morsels.nSpray a griddle with nonstick cooking spray and heat until hot. Ladle about 14 cup batter per pancake onto the hot griddle and cook until the tops are covered with bubbles and the edges look cooked, 2 to 3 minutes. Flip and cook the other side. Repeat with the remaining batter.nTop each pancake with 2 to 3 slices of banana and top with 2 teaspoons maple syrup., ingredients: [34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup lowfat 1percent milk, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 large eggs, yolks separated, 13 cup miniature cinnamon and chocolate morsels, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, 1 medium banana, sliced, 12 cup plus 2 teaspoons 100percent maple syrup], title: WholeWheat Cinnamon Chocolate Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 56906: {instructions: Preheat broiler.nHeat a medium soup pot over medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, bay, chopped garlic and onions and let them sweat out while you prepare the rest of the veggies. Work next to the stove and drop as you chop, in order of longest cooking time: potatoes, eggplant, zucchini, and bell pepper. Season with salt and pepper, cover and cook 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Uncover and add tomatoes and stock and cook 5 minutes more, to heat through. Turn heat off and stir in basil.nChar bread under broiler and rub with cracked garlic then drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, top with cheese and pepper and return to the broiler for 30 seconds to brown cheese. Serve cheese wholegrain toast with bowls of vegetable stew., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil plus some to drizzle, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, 3 cloves garlic, 2 chopped, 1 whole cracked from skin, 2 onions, sliced, 2 large potatoes, peeled and chopped, 1 eggplant, chopped, 1 zucchini, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 28ounce can fire roasted diced tomatoes, 1 cup stock, chicken or vegetable, 12 cup torn or chopped basil 10 to 12 leaves, 4 1inch thick slices wholegrain crusty bread, 12 cup grated pecorino], title: Vegetable Stew Giambotta, picturelink: null}, 56907: {instructions: Preheat a broiler.nIn a bowl, marinate chicken in Jerk Marinade for 4 to 5 hours, in the refrigerator. Saute chicken in oil, over high heat, until cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Place 14 of the rice and beans on each tortilla. Top with cooked chicken and the cheese. Place under the broiler until the cheese is melted. Top with shredded lettuce, sour cream, salsa, avocado, and jalapenos.nMix all ingredients together. Refrigerate., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts, sliced lengthwise into fingers, 2 cups Jerk Marinade, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cups rice, cooked, 2 cups cooked black beans, 4 fresh flour tortillas, warmed, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar, 2 cup shredded romaine, 4 dollops sour cream, 4 large spoonfuls salsa, 1 avocado, sliced, 8 jalapeno slices, 1 12 tablespoons ground allspice, 1 12 tablespoons dried thyme, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon ground sage, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 12 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 13 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 6 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 cup white vinegar, 34 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 small scotch bonnet pepper, finely diced, 34 white onion, chopped, 13 cup chopped green onion, 34 tablespoon fresh chopped garlic], title: Tortilla with Jerk Chicken, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 56908: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMix together corn meal, flour, baking powder, sour cream, milk, eggs, salt and melted butter. Bake in a greased large loaf pan for 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown and when a toothpick inserted into center comes out clean., ingredients: [2 34 cups cornmeal, 3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 12 cups sour cream, 34 cup milk, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 cup melted butter], title: Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 56909: {instructions: Combine 5 cups water, the butter, the carrots and potatoes in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender. Add the pickles and continue to boil.nMeanwhile, whisk together the flour, sour cream and salt in a separate bowl. Add enough water to make a paste, then slowly, to avoid curdling, add the mixture to the soup to thicken. Bring to a boil, then remove from the heat. Add pickle juice, to taste., ingredients: [5 tablespoons butter or margarine, 5 medium carrots, shredded, 2 large potatoes, cubed about 2 cups, 3 large dill pickles, shredded, 1 cup flour, 1 cup sour cream, Salt, Pickle juice], title: Dill Pickle Soup, picturelink: null}, 56910: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350F. Cook meatballs as directed on package cut in half. Place in large bowl. Add steak sauce and salsa toss to coat. Cut cheese slices in half. PLACE crackers in single layer on baking sheet top with cheese and meatballs. BAKE 4 to 5 minutes or until cheese is melted. Top with olives.nTACO BELLu00ae and HOME ORIGINALSu00ae are trademarks owned and licensed by Taco Bell Corp.nSpecial Extra: For spicy tapas, prepare using medium or hot salsa. Top each with 1 jalapeno slice instead of the olive slices.nSubstitute: Prepare using KRAFT 2 Milk Natural Colby  Monterey Jack Cheese.nNutrition Information Per Serving: 130 Calories, 8 g Total Fat, 3 g Saturated Fat, 15 mg Cholesterol, 490 mg Sodium, 8 g Carbohydrate, 1 g Dietary Fiber, 2 g Sugars, 5 g Protein, ingredients: [12 frozen cooked meatballs 12 oz. each, 14 cup A.1. Thick  Hearty Steak Sauce, 14 cup TACO BELLu00ae HOME ORIGINALSu00ae Thick N Chunky Salsa, 4 oz. KRAFT Natural 2 Milk Blend of Reduced Fat Monterey Jack, Mild Cheddar  Colby Cheeses, cut into 12 slices, 24 RITZ Crackers, 12 stuffed green olives, sliced], title: Salsa Meatball Tapas, picturelink: o6Hpao39oP.oPa58nwoP03It1yX8qq}, 56911: {instructions: Cream the butter, sugar and brown sugar together. Start on a slow speed until blended, then turn it up to the highest speed until it is light and fluffy. Add the eggs and vanilla to the mixture and mix on medium speed until the eggs are fully broken up and combined. Do not over mix this part. Sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together, add to the mixture and mix until combined. Add the sour cream and buttermilk and mix until combined. Add the espresso, and mix until it is combined. If you are using hot espresso shots, then pour them slowly into the mixture so that it does not begin to cook the eggs. Add the chocolate chips and mix them until combined.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F. Grease and flour a bundt cake pan.nScoop the cake mixture into the prepared pan. Place the cake on a cookie sheet and bake for 1 hour and 45 minutes to 2 hours, or until an inserted knife comes clean from the cake. Placing the cake on a cookie sheet is just a suggestion to keep your oven clean, in case the cake mixture spills over the sides of the pan.nLet the cake cool, then remove it from the pan upside down. Garnish it with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 pound butter, 34 cup sugar, 2 cups brown sugar, 5 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 4 cups flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 tablespoon salt, 18 cup sour cream, 34 cup buttermilk, 1 cup espresso, liquid shots, not grounds, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: Espresso Chip Poundcake, picturelink: HzJecK3Rh7o1w5VAy392jrf65kgI1ju}, 56912: {instructions: In a medium, heavy soup pot, melt 2 tablespoons butter over mediumhigh heat. When it foams, add the onion and garlic, and cook, stirring, until the onion is transparent, about 5 minutes. Stir in tomatoes. Reduce the heat to medium, add the rice, salt, and pepper, and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until well coated, about 1 minute. Add the wine, and simmer gently until the liquid is absorbed, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 12 cup of the chicken stock, stir, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the liquid is absorbed. Repeat, adding 12 cup stock at a time, until the rice is cooked through but still firm, 20 to 25 minutes total. Add the remaining tablespoon butter, Parmesan cheese, and basil. Mix well, add salt and pepper to taste, and serve immediately.nPlace peppercorns, dill, parsley, bay leaves, leeks, carrots, celery, chicken, wings, and backs into a large stockpot. Add stock and 6 cups cold water. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a very gentle simmer, and cook for 45 minutes. Liquid should just bubble up to the surface. A skin will form on the surface of the liquid skim this off with a slotted spoon, and discard. Repeat as needed. After 45 minutes, remove chicken from the pot, and set aside until it is cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, set the meat aside, and return the bones to the pot. Shred the chicken, and set aside in the refrigerator until ready to use. Continue to simmer the stock, on the lowest heat possible, for 3 hours, skimming as needed. The chicken bones will begin to disintegrate. Strain the stock through a fine sieve into a very large bowl. Discard the solids. Place the bowl in an ice bath, and let cool to room temperature. Transfer to airtight containers. Stock may be refrigerated for 3 days or frozen for 4 months. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. If storing, leave fat layer intact to the seal the stock. Before using, remove the layer of fat that has collected on the surface.nMakes 5 quarts, ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 red onion, minced, 12 yellow onion, minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 to 34 cup milled or crushed canned Italian plum tomatoes, 1 12 cups arborio rice do not rinse, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 to 4 cups Homemade Chicken Stock recipe follows, vegetable stock, or lowsodium canned, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup torn basil leaves, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh dillor 2 teaspoons dried dill, 6 sprigs fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 dried bay leaves, 2 leeks, washed, white and palegreen parts only, cut into thirds, 2 carrots, scrubbed, cut into thirds, 2 stalks celery, cut into thirds, 1 fourpound chicken, cut into 6 pieces, 1 12 pounds chicken wings, 1 12 pounds chicken backs, 12 cups two 48ounce cans canned lowsodium chicken broth], title: Marks Risotto with Tomato and Basil, picturelink: null}, 56913: {instructions: 1. Spray large skillet with cooking spray heat over medium heat. Add chicken and undrained tomatoes cook 10 minutes or until chicken pieces are no longer pink in centers and liquid has evaporated, stirring frequently.n2. Spread chicken mixture evenly onto bottom half of each tortilla to within 1 inch of edge. Sprinkle 12 cup cheese over chicken mixture on each tortilla. Fold each tortilla in half to cover filling.n3. Clean skillet. Spray with additional cooking spray heat over mediumhigh heat. Cook quesadillas 3 minutes on each side or until golden brown on both sides. Cut into wedges to serve., ingredients: [PAMu00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 12 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 can 10 oz each RoTelu00ae Mexican Diced Tomatoes with Lime Juice  Cilantro, undrained, 4 flour tortillas 10 inch, 2 cups shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend 2 cups  8 oz], title: Ultimate Chicken Quesadilla, picturelink: A9JrJmCnML6UDucKOD75jBd5ouggMUq}, 56914: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nPlace butter in an electric mixer. Add sugar slowly until well mixed. Slowly add eggs, beating after each addition.nSift flour and mix with baking powder. Alternately add the flour mixture and buttermilk to the cake mixture. Combine well and stir in lemon zest. Bake in greased loaf pan for 1 14 to 1 12 hours. Remove from pan and coolnBeat yolks well. Add lemon zest, juice and sugar over double boiler. Add melted butter and continue stirring. Cook until the curd coats the spoon and thickens. Refrigerate.nDissolve the sugar in the creams over low heat. Beat the eggs and yolks well. Slowly add the warm cream.nTo Assemble:nLightly grease a 9 by 11inch baking pan. Slice the cake into 14inch slices. Place the cake slices over the bottom of the pan and spread with 12 of lemon curd. Repeat the 2 layers and pour custard over the top. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes Serve with Hot Toddy Sauce.nHot Toddy Sauce 12 tablespoons butter 2 23 cups brown sugar 8 tablespoons lemon juice 1 14 cups bourbon whiskeynWarm butter in skillet and stir in brown sugar and lemon juice. Cook over medium high heat, stirring occasionally until bubbly. Add bourbon and return to a boil. Remove from heat and serve, ingredients: [12 pound butter at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 6 eggs, 3 cups flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, 6 yolks, 1 lemon zested, 13 cup lemon juice, 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, 34 cup sugar, 2 cups half and half, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 eggs, 2 yolks], title: Lemon Pound Cake Pudding with Hot Toddy Sauce, picturelink: null}, 56915: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine soup mix and sour cream. Refrigerate for 2 hours, stirring every hour. Serve with chips., ingredients: [One 1ounce packet onion soup mix recommended: Lipton, One 16ounce container sour cream, One 12ounce bag potato chips], title: Grandmas Onion Dip for Chips, picturelink: null}, 56916: {instructions: Prepare a jar: Thoroughly wash and dry a widemouth quart mason jar in hot, soapy water.nPrepare the cabbage and carrots: Cut the cabbage into quarters and cut out the core. Slice the cabbage as thinly as possible, working from crown to stem end. Place shredded cabbage into a large nonreactive bowl. Grate your carrots or other vegetables with a box grater, and add to the cabbage. Add the salt and mustard. Using your hands, toss to combine all ingredients, crushing the mixture until it begins to release liquid, about 5 minutes.nPack the sauerkraut: Place a widemouth funnel in the mouth of the jar. Pack the mixture into the jar, pressing down to squeeze out as much air and release more liquid. Tightly packed, there should be just enough to fill the quart jar to the shoulder, and liquid should rise above the cabbage mixture. Fill a smaller jar, like a halfpint or fourounce jar, with water and seal. Place on top of the cabbage mixture to keep it submerged under the juices.nFerment the sauerkraut: Cover the jar with a clean towel, and allow to stand at room temperature. Check daily to make sure the cabbage is still submerged in liquid. If it is not, give the mixture a good press to release more juices. If the cabbage still does not stay submerged, add just enough water to bring the level up. After two or three days you should see bubbles forming. Eventually you may see scum or even mold on top. This is normal just skim it away. Begin tasting your kraut after the third day. When it has reached the desired level of tartness, remove the smaller jar, screw on a lid, and keep the kraut several weeks in your refrigerator., ingredients: [1 medium cabbage, about 1 12 lbs, 1 lb of carrots, turnips or other crisp root or bulb vegetables, 1 12 Tbsp sea salt, 1 Tbsp mustard seed], title: Sauerkraut, picturelink: 14BTHcVsTvPn7AXPgE3GEGEd4jrMXm}, 56917: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMix together the pork, bread crumbs, green onions, egg, mustard, garlic, and salt until just combined. Divide the meat mixture into 2 equally proportioned small loaves and roll them in the ground KELLOGGS COCOA KRISPIES. Transfer the meatloaf to an oiled baking sheet and cook in the oven, for about 20 minutes, or until the internal temperature is 165 degrees F.nBring a small pot of salted water to a boil and blanch the asparagus. Drain and let cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lemon juice, and sesame seeds. Season with salt, and pepper, to taste. Toss the asparagus beans, yellow pepper, and cherry tomatoes together in the dressing. Season with salt, and pepper, if needed.nRemove the meatloaves from the oven and serve with the asparagus salad on the side., ingredients: [12 pound ground pork, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, 14 cup chopped green onions, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon honey mustard, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, Pinch salt, 12 cup KELLOGGSu00ae COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, finely ground, Olive oil, for baking sheet, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Juice of 1 lemon, Sesame seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 asparagus spears, sliced into bitesize pieces, 1 15ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 6 cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 yellow pepper, stemmed, seeded and diced], title: Cocoa KrispiesandtradeCrusted Meatloaf with Asparagus Salad, picturelink: SVO6zIfqqcADM2W0zr4phrAJmTUnLi}, 56918: {instructions: Boil the potatoes in a pot of salted water until fork tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and set aside.nHeat a soup pot over medium heat. Add the olive oil, chili flakes, onions, green peppers and some sea salt. Saute for 10 minutes, and then add the brown sugar, some black pepper and the tomatoes. Let simmer for 20 minutes. Add the cooked potatoes and the zucchinis and cook until tender, 10 to 15 minutes.nLadle the stew into a big bowl and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [4 potatoes, quartered, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon crushed chili flakes, 3 green peppers, sliced, Sea salt, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Freshly cracked black pepper, 3 onions, sliced into 12inch rounds, 2 cans San Marzano tomatoes, hand crushed, 3 zucchinis, sliced, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Zucchini e Patate, picturelink: null}, 56919: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line 2 large baking sheets with parchment paper.nCut the potatoes in 14inchthick slices. In a large bowl, add the oil and seasonings. Add the sliced potatoes and toss to coat. Place in a single layer on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until lightly browned and crisp, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 to 2 sweet potatoes, washed and dried 1 large or 2 small, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spicy Sweet Potato Chips, picturelink: vmI5G682C6FKzEU2Kxy0wnWtOZJ0hC6}, 56920: {instructions: Preheat an indoor grill pan.nPlace the pineapple on the hot grill and grill until it gets nice and caramelized on all sides, about 6 to 8 minutes per side. Chop the grilled pineapple and set aside.nIn a medium mixing bowl, add the garlic, pickles, ginger, habanero pepper, salt, and pepper, to taste. Add the grilled pineapple and mix together until well combined. This relish can be used on a burger or hot dogs., ingredients: [4 slices pineapple, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup bread and butter pickles, chopped, 3 ounces minced fresh ginger, 1 habanero pepper, seeded and finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Bread and Butter Pickles and Pineapple Ginger Relish, picturelink: null}, 56921: {instructions: Heat oil in a 3 12quart flameproof nonreactive shallow casserole or deep skillet to 375 degrees F. Fry tortillas in batches, turning occasionally, until golden, about 1 minute, and transfer to paper towels to drain return oil to 375 degrees F between batches. Carefully pour off all but 1 tablespoon hot oil into a large metal bowl to cool before discarding.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Cook onion in oil in casserole over moderately high heat, stirring, until softened. Add broth and turkey and simmer, uncovered, stirring, until liquid is reduced to about 12 cup, about 15 minutes. Add 2 12 cups salsa and bring to a boil. Remove from heat and toss with Monterey Jack and tortilla strips.nBake chilaquiles, uncovered, in middle of oven until bubbling, about 15 minutes. Whisk together creme fraiche and milk. Serve chilaquiles topped with creme fraiche, cilantro, and cheese.nPreheat broiler.nIf using fresh tomatillos, remove husks and rinse under warm water to remove stickiness. If using canned tomatillos, drain and measure out 2 cups. Broil chiles, garlic, and fresh tomatillos do not broil canned on rack of a broiler pan 1 to 2 inches from heat, turning once, until tomatillos are softened and slightly charred, about 7 minutes.nPeel garlic and pull off tops of chiles. Puree all ingredients in a blender.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [3 cups vegetable oil, 2 8ounce packages corn tortillas, cut into 12inchwide strips, 1 large onion chopped, 1 14 12ounce can chicken broth, 1 14 pounds shredded cooked turkey meat 4 cups, 3 cups roasted tomatillo salsa, recipe follows, 6 ounces Monterey Jack, shredded 1 12 cups, 14 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 12 tablespoons milk, 12 cup fresh cilantro sprigs, 3 ounces queso fresco or feta, crumbled, 1 12 pounds fresh tomatillos or 3 11ounce cans tomatillos, 5 fresh serrano chiles, 3 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 12 cup fresh cilantro, 1 large onion, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons coarse salt], title: Chilaquiles with Turkey and Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 56922: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the dough: in a mixer, beat together the shortening and brown sugar. Add the milk and the egg, and beat until combined. Add the salt, baking powder, vanilla and flour. Mix until everything is thoroughly combined.nRemove dough from bowl, cut in half. Roll each half of dough between 2 sheets of waxed paper. Peel waxed paper off the bottom of 1 of the layers and place it in a greased 9 by 13inch baking pan. Press dough with hands into the corners of the pan, trimming any pieces that come over the sides. Peel off the waxed paper from the other side.nMeanwhile, stir all the filling ingredients together. Evenly pour fudge filling on top of first layer in pan. Remove waxed paper from 1 side of top dough layer and place that side over filling. Then remove waxed paper from the top side. Bake until top is brown, about 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool on a rack for 4 to 5 hours or even overnight. Sprinkle with powdered sugar and cut into serving pieces, ingredients: [34 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, One 1pound bag chocolate chips, 2 cups chopped walnuts, 2 cups sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Two 1ounce squares unsweetened chocolate, melted, 1 teaspoon butter, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Italian FudgeFilled Cookies, picturelink: null}, 56923: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurt, honey, and lime zest.nPlace 4 small 6ounce180ml juice glasses on a work surface and put 2 tablespoons of the quinoa in the bottom of each glass. Add 14 cup 60 ml of the yogurt to each glass, followed by about 2 tablespoons of the diced strawberries and kiwi. Repeat the layering in each glass, and scatter any additional fruit that is left over the top layer of yogurt. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups 480 ml plain Greek yogurt I use 2, but you can use any kind you like, 1 tablespoon honey, Finely grated zest of 12 lime, 1 cup 185 g cooked quinoa, cooled, 8 large strawberries, diced, 2 kiwi fruit, peeled and diced], title: Strawberry Kiwi Quinoa Breakfast Parfait, picturelink: yJQcryZMYKcJvWNU94nwaQrWueEVAkC}, 56924: {instructions: In a large saucepan with a tightfitting lid, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the pine nuts and swirl the pan until the nuts toast, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the brown and wild rice and the farro and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until lightly toasted. Stir in 5 cups water, the lemon zest, thyme, and 2 teaspoons kosher salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover and cook undisturbed for 45 minutes. Check the texture of the rice, and if needed, continue simmering until tender and the liquid is absorbed, another 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove from the heat, scatter the scallions and lemon juice over the surface of the pilaf and set aside, covered, for 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork, stirring in the scallions, remove the herb sprigs and serve. Season with remaining salt and black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 cup Wehani brown rice, 12 cup wild rice, preferably whole, not broken, 12 cup farro, an Italian hulled wheat also known as spelt, 5 cups water, 1 long strip lemon zest, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 bunch scallions white and green, thinly sliced 34 cup, 1 lemon, juiced about 14 cup, Freshly ground black pepper], title: MultiGrain Rice Pilaf, picturelink: null}, 56925: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325.nBeat egg whites until frothy add salt, cream of tartar and lemon oil and vanilla extract. Continue beating until they form stiff but not dry peaks. Using a rubber spatula, gradually fold in the sugar a few tablespoons at a time.nUsing the same rubber spatula, gradually fold in the flour, one quarter at a time. Be sure that you use a true folding motion, gently turning the spatula from the bottom of the bowl to the top, folding in air with each stroke as opposed to beating or stirring. You just went to all that work the whip up the egg whites, dont want to beat them to death.nPour batter into an ungreased, 9inch angel food cake pan you know the one with the tube in the center, not a bundt pan.nBake one hour or until top is golden brown and the cake pulls away from pan sides.nRemove cake from oven . Cool in the pan ten minutes and then invert pan and let cake stand upside down for an hour or until cooled.nYou might let the cake stand over a plate in case your oven was funky and the cake plops out of the pan prematurely. Hey, it happens.nWhile cake is cooling prepare the glaze. In a small bowl, whisk together confectioners sugar, lemon juice and lemon zest. Let stand ten minutes before glazing the cake as it thickens a little. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 cups egg whites, at room temperature about 9 large eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon lemon oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sifted sugar, 1 cup cake flour, sifted three times, 1 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 23 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon finely grated lemon zest], title: LemonGlazed Lemon Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 56926: {instructions: Prepare a very hot charcoal fire.nPlace the red pepper over the fire. Turn every two minutes or so until it is completely blackened on the outside this should take 610 minutes. Immediately place the charred pepper in a paper bag. Let it sit for 20 minutes.nAfter 20 minutes, remove the pepper from the bag and working with your fingers, peel off the blackened skin. Do not at any point wash off the blackened skin water spoils the texture of the peppers. Cut the pepper open on the side and remove all seeds and all tough membranes clinging to the walls. Cut the pepper into 14inch dice. In a bowl, combine the red pepper, the corn, the papaya, the minced coriander and 1 teaspoon of the olive oil. Mix well and season with salt and pepper. Reserve.nSeason the swordfish with salt and pepper and place it over a hot fire. Cook, turning once, for 45 minutes, or until the swordfish is just cooked through. Brush with the remaining olive oil while cooking. Transfer the fish to dinner plates, top with salsa and fresh coriander leaves., ingredients: [4 8ounce swordfish steaks, cut 1thick, 1 large red bell pepper, 14 cup cooked fresh corn kernels from 1 small ear, 14 cup finely diced papaya, 14 cup minced fresh coriander, plus whole leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Swordfish with Roast PepperPapayaCorn Salsa, picturelink: null}, 56927: {instructions: Mix together the Worstershire sauce, mushroom ketchup, mustard, 2 tablespoons butter, cayenne pepper and salt and pepper.nClean the kidneys by removing the outer skin and cutting away the core. Cut each kidney into three or four pieces. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter with the oil in a frying pan and cook kidneys for 4 to 5 minutes, turning occasionally. Pour the sauce mixture over the kidneys and stir for 1 to 2 minutes to coat the kidneys.nServe on warmed plates, sprinkled with parsley and accompanied by lemon wedges and hot buttered toast.navailable online., ingredients: [2 teaspoons Worstershire sauce, 2 teaspoons mushroom ketchup, 1 level teaspoon English mustard powder, 2 ounces 4 tablespoons butter, melted, Pinch cayenne pepper, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground, 8 lamb kidneys, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 dessertspoon chopped parsley, Lemon wedges and hot buttered toast, for serving], title: Deviled Kidneys, picturelink: null}, 56928: {instructions: To make masa, grate bananas and taro root with a hand grater and place in a large bowl. Add flour and mix well. Add water a little at a time. Season with salt and set aside.nTo make the stuffing, saute onion and pepper in oil for approximately 1 minute. Add tomatoes and cook until all liquid has evaporated. Add white wine and cook until liquid has evaporated. Add cilantro and chipotle. Season and cool. Add crabmeat.nTo make dumplings, grease a small plate and spread 2 tablespoons of the masa over it. Place 1 tablespoon of the stuffing on top of the spread masa, and cover with 2 more tablespoons of the masa mixture. Roll into a cylinder shape, and slide off plate into a skillet with 1 12 inches of hot oil. Fry until golden brown and sprinkle with salt and pepper., ingredients: [5 green bananas, peeled, 1 pound taro root, peeled, 12 cup flour, 1 quart water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 red pepper, diced small, Vegetable oil, for sauteing and frying, 1 onion, diced small, 1 10ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed by hand, 12 cup white wine, 1 tablespoon cilantro, chopped, 1 chipotle pepper, pureed, 1 pound crabmeat, cleaned, Salt and pepper], title: Crab Fritters: Alcapurrias, picturelink: null}, 56929: {instructions: Prepare a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or a silicone mat and sprayed with cooking spray.nSet a large, heavy pot over high heat. Add the sugar, beer, corn syrup and vanilla and mix together. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the sugar has dissolved completely and the liquid reaches a temperature of 305 degrees F a small amount dropped in ice water will set and form a strand when dropped in. Remove from the heat and mix in the peanuts and pretzels. Carefully pour onto the prepared baking sheet and allow the beer brittle to cool completely on the counter top. Break the candy into pieces once cooled., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for greasing, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 6 ounces dark stout beer, such as Guinness, 1 12 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cup lightly roasted salted peanuts, 34 cup lightly crushed pretzels about 14inch pieces], title: Pretzel Beer Brittle, picturelink: NJuWcnq3e70dJPUpUdEs51IlIPizui}, 56930: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush chicken breasts with oil season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place chicken in 2quart shallow baking dish bake 25 to 30 minutes or until no longer pink in center 165 degrees F.. Cool chicken enough to handle slice into thin strips.nCombine salad blend, vegetables from pouch, garbanzo beans, cherry tomatoes, olives and red onion in large bowl. Toss with Greek Vinaigrette, to taste. Divide salad mixture on 4 large plates. Top each with sliced chicken. Sprinkle with feta cheese.nGreek Vinaigrette:nWhisk together 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 teaspoon dried oregano crushed, salt and black pepper, to taste until well blended. Makes about 1 cup., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, to taste, 1 pkg. 8 oz. DOLEu00ae Extra Veggieu2122 with Garden Vegetables, 1 cup canned garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 cup whole ripe pitted olives, 12 cup thinly sliced DOLE Red Onion, Greek Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 to 13 cup crumbled feta cheese, Greek Vinaigrette:, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 1 teaspoon dried oregano crushed], title: Greek Chicken, Garden Vegetable and Spring Mix Salad, picturelink: DGyyk4kttQCgnHssrNp3mvpdLUjv9iC}, 56931: {instructions: Wash the chicken bones in cold water. Put chicken bones in a stock pot with the water, bring to a boil and skim residue for 10 minutes. Then place the rest of the ingredients into the pot and return to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and continue to cook 4 hours. Skim any foam as it collects on top since this contains impurities that will cloud your stock.nRemove from the heat and cool the stock slightly before straining it into a bowl through a finemesh sieve lined with cheesecloth. Continue to cool the stock as quickly as possible in a cold water bath. After the stock has cooled sufficiently, use a spoon to skim off the fat the has risen to the top. Refrigerate promptly., ingredients: [8 pounds raw or roasted chicken or other poultry bones, 6 quarts water, 3 carrots, washed and chopped, 2 large onions, peeled and chopped, 4 stalks celeery, including leaves, washed and chopped, 2 leeks, split, washed and sliced, 2 tablespoons dried thyme, 2 bay leaves, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 1 tablespoon each salt and black peppercorns], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 56932: {instructions: In a large pot, warm up the olive oil. Add onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent. Add the potatoes and salt and stir to insure the potatoes are coated with the oil. Fry potatoes over medium heat for about 10 to 15 minutes, but dont allow them to get color. Add the tomatoes, then using the can, fill it up 1 12 times with water, and add to the soup. Add pepper and sugar bring to a boil, then turn the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 1 12 hours, or until potatoes are tender.nAdd the peas, including the juice, and stir gently. Simmer another 30 minutes. Next increase the heat to mediumhigh and bring the soup to a boil. Crack eggs into a separate bowl and gently add to the top of the boiling soup in a clock pattern until there is no more room. Cover the pot and let the eggs poach for approximately 15 to 20 minutes, or until the yolks are solid.nServe the soup hot, giving each serving 1or 2 eggs and offer the freshly grated Romano and allow the person to add the desired amount for their taste., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 yellow onions, chopped, 4 to 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 8 to 10 potatoes, peeled and cubed, Salt, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, with puree, 42ounces water fill the crushed tomato can 1 12 times, Pepper, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 15ounce cans peas, with juice, 11 eggs See Cooks Note, 1 cup freshly grated Romano], title: Tias Peas and Eggs Soup, picturelink: null}, 56933: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut 1 gallon of water and salt into an 8quart pot. Bring to a boil over high heat. Put the remaining 12 gallon of water and the ice into a container. Set aside. Add the squash to the boiling water and cook it for 3 minutes. Immediately drain in a colander and then transfer to the ice bath. Shock for 3 minutes, replenishing the ice if necessary. Drain the squash and transfer it to 2 half sheet pans lined with 3 layers of paper towels. Pat dry with additional paper towels. Remove the paper towels and place the pans in the bottom of the freezer until frozen, about 1 12 hours.nOnce frozen, transfer the squash to a 1 gallon resealable plastic bag. Lay the bag flat on a counter and using a straw, suck out any remaining air in the bag. Label and return the bag to the freezer. Serve the squash frozen., ingredients: [1 12 gallons water, divided, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 pounds ice, 3 pounds summer squash, trimmed and cut into 12inch slices], title: Frozen Summer Squash, picturelink: Av8s1fqvZFFO8Oaa.bzAJ3Iew2zS2P6}, 56934: {instructions: Make the crust: Combine the flour, sugar and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Mix in the cold butter with a pastry blender or your hands until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Work in 3 tablespoons ice water until the dough holds together without being too sticky. If its still crumbly, add more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time. Form into a ball, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nOn a floured surface, roll out the dough into an 11 to 12inch circle with a floured rolling pin. Ease into a 9inch pie pan press firmly into the bottom and sides. Trim the excess dough, then pinch the edges. Refrigerate until ready to fill.nPlace a baking sheet on the bottom oven rack and preheat to 375. Make the filling: Whisk the pumpkin in a bowl with the butter and a pinch of salt. Whisk in 3 eggs and the sugar.nStir in the cream, cinnamon and nutmeg. Pour the mixture into the pie shell. Lightly beat the egg white, then brush onto the pastry edges. Carefully place the pie on the preheated baking sheet, lower the oven temperature to 325 and bake until the pie is set but still jiggles slightly, about 50 minutes. Let cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the topping: Toast the pecans on a baking sheet in the oven for about 10 minutes cool. With a knife or food processor, coarsely chop the pecans, cranberries and cookies sprinkle over the cooled pie.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 5 teaspoons sugar, Salt, 12 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 15ounce can pure pumpkin, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Salt, 3 large eggs, plus 1 egg white, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 cup pecans, 1 cup fresh cranberries, or frozen, thawed and drained, 1 2.3ounce package amaretti cookies about 12], title: Ultimate Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 56935: {instructions: For the stock: Sweat the coriander, fennel seeds, peppercorns, garlic and shallots in the butter in a heavybottomed pot this will help control the heat so you dont burn the ingredients. When the shallots are translucent, add the clams, white wine, thyme and bay leaves. Cover the pot to steam the clams, and as they begin to open, add the mussels. Simmer gently, covered, to open the mussels and remaining clams, about 3 minutes.nWhen all the shells are open, strain off the liquid and reserve, setting aside the shellfish to cool slightly until you can handle them. Shuck the meat out of all the shells, refrigerate and reserve for the sauce. Discard the vegetables and herbs.nFor the sauce: Cook the bacon in the same pot over medium heat to render the fat. This will help to make the roux later. When the bacon begins to brown, add 3 tablespoons of the butter, the garlic and shallots. Continue to sweat over medium heat until the shallots are translucent. Add the white wine and reduce until its almost dry au sec. Add the reserved shellfish stock and reduce by half. Remove from the heat and set aside on the stove.nMelt the remaining 1 stick butter in a separate small pot or deep saute pan to its bubbling point and stir in the flour very well with a wooden spoon, incorporating it while removing clumps. Cook 3 to 5 minutes over medium heat while stirring regularly. Add the roux to the bacon pan, and replace over medium heat. Add the cold milk to the hot roux while stirring constantly. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. You will have to monitor it carefully and stir frequently so the flour doesnt stick to the bottom if it does, dont panic You can remove the sauce, clean the bottom of the pot and put it back in... phew Simmer 10 minutes, then add the carrots, celery and fennel, and continue cooking until the raw flour taste has been cooked out and the vegetables are tender they will add texture to the finished chowder, 10 minutes longer.nAdd the reserved mussels and clams. I use trim from the other fish I cook every day. Simmer 1 minute to heat through and add the parsley. Season with salt and serve immediately. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 shallots or 1 small onion, sliced, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 pounds fresh clams, 1 12 cups dry white wine I use sauvignon blanc, 6 to 8 sprigs fresh thyme, plus more if desired, 3 bay leaves, 2 pounds fresh mussels, 1 pound smoked bacon, cut into 12inch lardons, 1 stick plus 3 tablespoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 shallots, finely diced, 12 cup white wine, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups cold whole milk, 1 cup 13inchdiced carrots, 1 cup 13inchdiced celery, 1 cup 13inchdiced fennel, 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt, Finely sliced chives or green onions, for garnish], title: BC Seafood Chowder Poutine, picturelink: xO95MIxiUmG0dg6pOYesvVfbOk3EVeG}, 56936: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAnytime before Thanksgiving, spoon the pumpkin pie filling into muffin cups, then cover the pan with aluminum foil and place it in the freezer.nWhen youre ready to make the smoothies, add the milk to a blender. Then add the yogurt. Pop 4 pieces of the frozen pumpkin pie filling out of the pan and add to the blender. Save the rest of the pie filling for another time, or for a second batch of smoothies if one isnt enough to calm the hungry beasts.nNext, add the cinnamon. Then blend the mixture until totally smooth and pour it into individual glasses.nSprinkle the tops with graham cracker crumbs before serving., ingredients: [One 15ounce can pumpkin pie filling, 3 cups milk, 12 cup vanilla yogurt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup cinnamon graham cracker crumbs], title: Pumpkin Smoothie, picturelink: MAREtzhqte51sDtwpPoZ2uzTQ7d8cPW}, 56937: {instructions: Heat oil in large skillet and stir in butter to melt. Season chicken thighs with salt and pepper. Cook thighs skin side down until golden brown. Flip chicken and continue to cook until golden brown. Remove chicken to a plate. Stir in onions and cook until tender. Stir in curry, cayenne, cinnamon and cumin and cook until aromas are released. Stir in carrots and toss to coat. Add chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Place chicken thighs back into skillet and stir in broccoli. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes to cook chicken. Stir in cream and peas. Season to taste. Serve with basmati rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 6 chicken thighs, Salt and pepper, 1 cup chopped onion, 3 teaspoons curry powder, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced on diagonal, 1 12 cups low sodium chicken stock, 1 cup broccoli florets, 14 cup heavy cream, 34 cup frozen peas, Cooked basmati rice, for serving], title: Curried Chicken Thighs, picturelink: null}, 56938: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 250 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nBeat the egg whites, cream of tartar and salt in a large clean dry bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy. Increase the speed to medium high and beat until thick and opaque, about 1 more minute. Gradually add the confectioners sugar, about 14 cup at a time, and beat until stiff shiny peaks form, about 5 more minutes.nTransfer the meringue to a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip. Pipe eight 3inch disks on the baking sheets, then pipe around the edge of the disks to create 2inchhigh sides. Bake at 250 degrees F until dry and crisp, about 3 hours. Let cool completely on the baking sheets. Store in an airtight container in a dry place for up to 1 week.nFor the filling, whisk the mascarpone with the confectioners sugar, then whisk in the heavy cream until soft peaks form. Spoon into the meringue nests top with sugar pearls.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 14 cups confectioners sugar, 8 ounces marscarpone, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 cup cold heavy cream, Sugar pearls or sprinkles, for topping], title: Meringue Nests, picturelink: x11QVucEiQOKQw8atjGsk68elGxe}, 56939: {instructions: 1. Combine first 5 ingredients in a processor blend until garlic is finely chopped. Coat chops with garlic mixture. Arrange chops in single layer on baking sheet. Mixture can be made 8 hours ahead. Cover chill.n2. Preheat broiler. Watching closely, broil lamb 4 to 5 inches from heat source until cooked to desired doneness, about 3 minutes per side for mediumrare. Transfer 3 chops to each plate and serve.n3 Key Ingredients: STAR Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Rosemary, Lamb chops, ingredients: [5 garlic cloves, 3 Tbs. STARu00ae Extra Virgin Olive oil, 2 12 tsp. chopped fresh rosemary, 2 14 tsp. salt, 1 tsp. freshly ground pepper, 12 meaty lamb rib chops about 2.5 ounces each], title: Rosemary and Garlic Lamb Chops, picturelink: null}, 56940: {instructions: Cut the zucchini crosswise into 3inch 8centimeter pieces. Cut each piece in half lengthwise, then cut out all the seeds and spongy pulp from the center. Slice each section crosswise 316 inch 412 millimeters thick. A mandoline or other manual vegetable slicer is helpful for this.nMake layers of sliced zucchini and salt in a large bowl, then toss well. Macerate for 12 hours to draw the water out of the zucchini. Drain the zucchini, then squeeze a handful at a time to remove excess water.nPlace the zucchini in a heavy nonreactive pot and add the vinegar and 1 cup 250 milliliters water. The liquid should barely cover the zucchini.nBring to a boil over high heat. Stir to redistribute the zucchini, then reduce the heat to medium and cook until the zucchini slices are cooked through but still whole, about 5 minutes. Do not allow them to break apart. Smaller zucchini will take less time.nDrain the zucchini and put them in a large colander. Top them with a heavy weight, such as a pot filled with water, to squeeze out the liquid. Let the zucchini drain under the weight for 15 minutes.nLay several clean kitchen towels on a table covered with cardboard. Arrange the zucchini slices on the towels, spreading the slices apart. Let dry at room temperature until they feel a little leathery and are no longer damp, 24 to 48 hours. They will shrivel considerably.nPlace the zucchini in a bowl and toss with the mint, garlic, hot peppers, and the 12 cup 125 milliliters olive oil. Taste for salt and let the mixture marinate at room temperature for a day.nTransfer the zucchini to a 1pint 12liter glass jar. Pack them in tightly, pushing them down with a fork or spoon to remove any air gaps. Top with olive oil so they are completely submerged. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 weeks before sampling to give the zucchini time to absorb the seasonings.nBring them out of the refrigerator about an hour before you plan to serve them to allow the oil to liquefy. Return any leftover zucchini to the refrigerator, topping with oil so the zucchini remain completely submerged. If kept submerged in olive oil and refrigerated, the zucchini will last for up to 6 months., ingredients: [5 pounds 214 kilograms large zucchini, preferably 2 to 3 pounds 900 grams to 1.4 kilograms each, 12 cup 70 grams kosher salt, 3 cups 750 milliliters white wine vinegar, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 5 garlic cloves, sliced crosswise, 3 or 4 small fresh hot red peppers, or to taste, sliced crosswise, 12 cup 125 milliliters extra virgin olive oil, plus more for topping], title: Zucchine SottOlio Zucchini Preserved in Oil with Hot Peppers, Garlic, and Mint, picturelink: null}, 56941: {instructions: For the Tartar: Combine char with shallots, caper, anchovy and olive oil. Add lemon juice, hot pepper sauce, and chives. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nFor the Pancake: Working quickly while potatoes are still warm not hot, stir 1 egg into the potatoes until well incorporated. Stir in creme fraiche, then flour, and season with salt and pepper. Consistency should be slightly thicker than pancake butter. In a castiron skillet over medium high heat, melt butter, and add one heaping tablespoon of pancake batter. Cook pancakes for one and half minutes per side. Reserve on paper towel until ready for serving.nFor the Ice WineThyme Ice: In a bowl, whisk ice wine and thyme leaves together vigorously. Ladle one ounce of ice wine mixture into each ice cube tray section. Freeze for one hour or until just frozen. Place ice in a small bowl just before serving and lightly crush with a fork.nWith a ring mold, place tartar in middle of a serving plate. Place warm pancake on top of tartar, followed by a teaspoon of creme fraiche and finally a teaspoon of caviar. Sprinkle crushed ice wine ice around tartar and finally drizzle a bit of extra virgin olive oil around the dish. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces skinless, boneless Arctic char, finely diced, 1 ounce shallots, minced, 1 ounce caper, minced, 1 anchovy fillet, minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon minced chives, Salt and pepper, 5 ounces warm waxy potatoes, like Yukon Golds, riced, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon creme fraiche, 2 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 ounces Inniskillin Ice Wine, 12 teaspoon picked thyme leaves, Ice cube tray, 1 teaspoon creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon caviar, Extra virgin olive oil], title: Tartar of Arctic Char with Pelee Island White Fish Caviar, Yukon Gold Pancake, and Ice WineThyme Ice, picturelink: null}, 56942: {instructions: This is the update to the directions, ingredients: [butter, flour, sugar, chicken, pork, milk], title: Jillo, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 56943: {instructions: For the sauce: In a small bowl combine the mayonnaise, chives, parsley, cornichons, capers and lemon juice. Mix until smooth and taste for seasoning adjust the flavors if needed. Transfer to a small ramekin.nFor the fish and chips: Combine the rice flour, allpurpose flour, baking powder and salt, and whisk in enough of the club soda to reach the consistency of a thick batter.nPour the oil in a large saucepot set over mediumhigh heat, and heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F.nDip a piece of the fish into the batter, and then slowly lower into the hot oil. Repeat with the second piece of fish. Cook until golden brown and flaky, 4 to 6 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the fish, and place on a papertowellined plate to absorb any excess oil. Season with salt immediately, and then transfer to serving plates. Serve the fish with the tartar sauce, French fries and lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cornichons, 2 teaspoons capers, roughly chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 34 cup rice flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more as needed, 34 to 1 cup club soda, 8 cups vegetable oil, Two 6ounce fillets white fish, 2 cups French fries, hot, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Classic Fish and Chips, picturelink: dmqtxDz6onMEavsmPapstXOJLE30KS}, 56944: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 450 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper and lightly oil. Mix the chile powder, cumin, coriander, cloves, 2 teaspoons salt and 34 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Add the wings and toss to coat.nSpread the wings, spaced apart, on the prepared baking sheets. Bake, turning once, until browned and crisp, about 40 minutes.nHot:nAncho chile powder gives these a slightly smoky kick serious wing lovers will want to step up the heat.nHotter:nPut 2 jalapenos, 12 cup cilantro, 14 teaspoon cayenne, the juice of 1 lime and 1 12 tablespoons vegetable oil in a food processor and finely chop. Toss with the wings marinate 2 hours. Brush off the marinade and rub and bake as directed, omitting the black pepper.nHottest:nMarinate the wings in the jalapeno mixture see above, then rub and bake as directed. About 5 minutes before theyre finished baking, brush with a mixture of 3 tablespoons each honey and Sriracha sauce hot Asian chili sauce.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for greasing, 1 12 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 18 teaspoon ground cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, tips removed], title: ChileRubbed Wings, picturelink: 0Texc8EdhzR5fdg64H.C9OylKI6bW0C}, 56945: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nScrape out the gills of the mushrooms with a spoon, being careful not to break the cap. Rub the mushrooms with 2 tablespoons of the oil and half the garlic. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon oregano. Place the mushrooms, gillside up, on the prepared baking sheet, and roast until tender, 15 to 25 minutes. If the mushrooms are thicker than 1 inch, they will take longer to cook.nMeanwhile, toss the bread pieces in a medium bowl with the remaining garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil and 14 teaspoon oregano, 14 teaspoon salt and the red pepper flakes. Transfer them to a medium skillet over medium heat, and stir until they turn golden and crisp on the edges, 5 to 6 minutes. Return the croutons to the bowl.nWhile the mushrooms are still hot, pat them dry with a paper towel. Top each with 1 teaspoon tomato paste, spread evenly, and slices of mozzarella to cover. Divide the sundried tomatoes and croutons between the 4 mushrooms, and place in the oven to melt the cheese, 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle with basil leaves.nCut each mushroom into 4 to 8 pieces, depending on the size of the mushroom., ingredients: [4 portobello mushrooms, stems removed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 slice white bread, crust removed and torn into very small about 14 inch pieces, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons oilpacked sundried tomatoes, finely chopped, 4 teaspoons tomato paste, 2 ounces partskim mozzarella, thinly sliced, 6 to 8 small basil leaves, torn], title: Portobello Mushroom Pizza Bites, picturelink: llIRgwvGhdworlVp1HRSZe8uq8HhDW}, 56946: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Lightly brush the corn with canola oil. Grill the corn until slightly charred, turning occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes total. Set aside to cool.nCut the kernels off of the cob and place into a bowl. Add the cotija cheese, Poblano Crema and cilantro and mix. Season with salt and pepper. Put into 6 individual cups and garnish with additional chopped cilantro.nPeel, stem and seed the poblanos. Place in food processor and pulse until smooth. Add the Mexican crema, agave and lime juice, and season with salt and pepper. Pulse until just combined. Scoop into a bowl and spread on everything., ingredients: [8 ears corn, husks and silks removed, Canola oil, for brushing, 1 cup crumbled cotija cheese, 1 cup Poblano Crema, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, plus additional for garnish, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 poblanos, charred on a grill or roasted in an oven until blackened, 1 12 cups Mexican crema, 1 12 teaspoons agave nectar, Juice from 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Cup aElotes, picturelink: 0jO.qT3tCPoLhhB6AdQOOv74H0Bkvu}, 56947: {instructions: In a large bowl, gradually work the vegetable shortening into the flour with a pastry cutter until it resembles a coarse meal, 3 or 4 minutes. In a small bowl, beat the egg with a fork and then pour it into the flourshortening mixture. Add the cold water, white vinegar, and salt. Stir together gently until all of the ingredients are incorporated.nSeparate the dough in half. Form 2 evenly sized balls of dough and place both balls of dough into a large plastic bag. Using a rolling pin, slightly flatten each ball of dough to about 12inch thick to make rolling easier later. Seal the bags and place them in the freezer until you need them. If you will be using it immediately its still a good idea to put in the freezer for about 15 to 20 minutes to chill.nWhen youre ready to use the dough to make a crust, remove from the freezer and allow to thaw for 15 minutes. On a floured surface, roll the dough, starting at the center and working your way out. Sprinkle some flour over the top of the dough if its a bit too moist. If the dough is sticking to the countertop, use a metal spatula and carefully scrape it up and flip it over and continue rolling until its about 12inch larger in diameter than your pie pan.nWith a spatula, lift the dough carefully from the surface of the counter into the pie pan. Gently press the dough against the corner of the pan. Go around the pie pan pinching and tucking the dough to make a clean edge., ingredients: [1 12 cups vegetable shortening recommended: Crisco, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 whole egg, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Pie Crust, picturelink: SYlH7vPaySaelDrO7DfzvRiwKFMUi}, 56948: {instructions: For the soup: Prepare a grill over high heat. Brush the tomatoes, garlic and chile with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, then grill until softened and slightly charred, turning occasionally, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a blender with the lime juice, cucumber and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and puree in batches until smooth. Fold in the basil and cilantro. Season with salt and black pepper. Refrigerate until chilled, 1 to 2 hours.nFor the shrimp: Combine the lemon juice, sugar, vinegar and soy sauce in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, and then reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove and let cool.nSprinkle the shrimp with salt and black pepper. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the garlic and saute until just golden. Remove the garlic and discard. Add the shrimp and saute until cooked through and opaque, about 1 minute per side. Add the sweet and sour sauce and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat, let cool and stir in the sesame oil.nTo serve, divide the soup among 4 shallow soup bowls and place 2 shrimp in the center of each. Garnish with basil and cilantro., ingredients: [6 beefsteak tomatoes, halved, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 red chile, seeds and ribs removed, 4 tablespoons olive oil, Juice from 2 limes, 1 English cucumber, peeled, seeds removed, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, Eight to ten 2125 count shrimp, cleaned, deveined, tails removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Grilled Tomato Soup with Sweet and Sour Shrimp, picturelink: uidJjqaJ7.8ENhLjIdppRW0wosg0Dyq}, 56949: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the lasagna noodles in plenty of boiling salted water until pliable and barely tender, about 10 minutes. Stir with a wooden spoon to prevent sticking. Drain the noodles thoroughly and coat with olive oil to keep them moist and easy to work with.nCoat a large skillet with olive oil, add beef and sausage and brown until no longer pink, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. In a food processor, combine the onion, carrots, celery, garlic, basil, parsley, an oregano. Process until pureed, add to the pan with the ground meat and stir to combine. Stir in the flour. Add the wine and cook until it has reduced by half. Stir in the tomatoes and add the heavy cream and the cinnamon.nIn a mixing bowl, combine ricotta and the parmesan. Stir in the eggs and season with salt and pepper.nTo assemble the lasagna: Coat the bottom of a deep 13 by 9inch pan with olive oil. Arrange 4 noodles lengthwise in a slightly overlapping layer on the sauce. Then, line each end of the pan with a lasagna noodle. This forms a collar that holds in the corners. Dollop 12 of the ricotta mixture over the pasta, spread to the edges with a spatula. Spread 12 of the meat mixture over the ricotta. Sprinkle 12 of the mozzarella on top of the ricotta. Top with a ladle full of sauce, spread evenly. Repeat with the next layer of noodles, ricotta, sauce, and cheeses. Top last layer with noodles, sauce, shredded mozzarella and Parmesan. Tap the pan to force out air bubbles. Bake for 1 hour. Remove from oven. Let lasagna rest for 30 minutes so the noodles will settle and cut easily. Cut into 2inch squares and serve., ingredients: [2 pound dried lasagna noodles, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 pound ground Italian sausage, 1 onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 3 carrots, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 14 cup finely chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano leaves, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups red wine, 2 28ounce cans tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 quarts ricotta cheese, 2 containers, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound mozzarella cheese, shredded, Grated Parmesan and mozzarella, for topping], title: The Ultimate Lasagna, picturelink: .EdxxlyZhGwseHPFe0076djkqR7VBKK}, 56950: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nSpray the ramekins or disposable aluminum cups with nonstick spray.nTo a medium bowl, add the heavy cream, eggs and Parmigiano and whisk to combine. Season with salt and cayenne. Divide the egg, cream, cheese mixture between the ramekins. Place the filled ramekins in a baking dish and fill halfway with hot tap water. Cover with aluminum foil and bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool on racks.nPlace the cooled sformato in a warm oven for 10 minutes to reheat.nWhile the sformato is reheating toss the peppers and almonds with the greens and a sprinkle of oil, vinegar and salt. Arrange some of the pepper mixture on individual serving plates. Unmold the sformati on the serving plate and arrange the peppers against the sformato. Drizzle with olive oil., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups heavy cream, 4 eggs, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Salt, 1 pinch cayenne, 1 jar piquillo peppers, julienned, 14 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 2 cups arugula or mesclun, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Special equipment: 8 6ounce ramekins or disposable aluminum cups], title: Parmigiano Sformato with Piquillo Peppers and Almonds, picturelink: WHm3wRiOKaytlwMPP89e60BVc96YHlm}, 56951: {instructions: Cut out the pepper stems and then slice each lengthwise along the ribs or ridges into 3 or 4 large triangular wedges. Trim the stem and blossom ends from the zucchini and squash and cut them lengthwise into thin slices. Trim the eggplant and cut crosswise into 12 slices 14 to 38inch thick. Peel the onion and cut into 14inch slices.nTrim the portobello mushroom stem even with the cap so it will lie flat on the grill. Brush all over with 12 tablespoon of the Rosemary Garlic Oil. Set aside.nSet a cast iron grill pan over high heat and coat with vegetable cooking spray. Let it warm up for 3 to 5 minutes or light your outdoor grill. Using a pastry brush, coat the zucchini, squash, eggplant, and red onion slices with about 2 12 tablespoons of the remaining oil it will be a very thin film, but it should be enough. The peppers do not need any. Grill the vegetables, except the onion in batches as necessary, on each side, rotating them 45 degrees to make crosshatch grill marks. They should be cooked until they are nicely browned, but not charred, cooked through but still hold their texture. The peppers will have black marks on the outside, but they are eaten with their skin and bright color intact. Grill the mushroom stem side down first, so when it is turned and finishes cooking, the juices will be retained. Reduce the heat to medium high and grill the onion, turning and rotating as described, until tender and browned but not burned. Here are the approximate cooking times, which will vary with your grill: Peppers  6 to 7 minutes per side Zucchini and squash  2 to 3 minutes on first side, 2 minutes on second Eggplant  4 to 6 minutes per side Red Onion  3 to 4 minutes per side Portobello  5 to 6 minutes per side As the vegetables are cooked, transfer them to plates or a large baking sheet lined with wax paper. Transfer the portobello to a cutting board and let cool for at least 5 minutes then slice. Be sure to reserve any mushroom juices. Season the grilled vegetables and mushroom lightly with salt and pepper.nLine a large round or oval serving platter with the arugula. Arrange the grilled vegetables decoratively in bunches around the edge of the platter. Pile up the pepper wedges in the center.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the balsamic vinegar and lemon juice with the remaining Garlic Rosemary Oil. Mix in any reserved mushroom juices. Drizzle evenly over the salad. Crumble goat cheese on top. Serve at room temperature.nCombine all the ingredients in a small glass jar with a lid. Let stand at room temperature at least 15 minutes, preferably 1 hour. If not using within several hours, cover and refrigerate for up to a week., ingredients: [1 large red bell pepper, 1 large orange or yellow bell pepper, 2 or 3 small zucchini, 2 or 3 small yellow summer squash, 1 medium eggplant, 1 medium red onion, 1 large portobello mushroom, Vegetable cooking spray, 14 cup Rosemary Garlic Oil, recipe follows, 1 large or 2 smaller bunches arugula, Salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 ounces rindless goat cheese, such as Montrachet or Coach Farms, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, slivered, 1 12 tablespoons fresh rosemary noodles from about 2 sprigs or 1 tablespoon dried, 2 pinches salt, preferably coarse, A generous grind of coarse black pepper], title: Grilled Vegetable Salad with Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 56952: {instructions: Make the salsa: Roughly chop the tomatoes, onion and chile pepper and transfer to a food processor. Add the cilantro and beer and blend until chunkysmooth. Add the lime juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste.nMake the nachos: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Render the nduja by sauteing it in a skillet over medium heat to give it a loose, spoonable consistency, 3 to 4 minutes. Toss the tortilla chips with the scallions, beans, lime zest, radishes, 12 cup queso fresco, the corn and pickled jalapenos in a large bowl. Add the rendered nduja and mix well. Place in a nonreactive casserole dish, then top with the remaining 12 cup queso fresco. Bake until the nachos are heated through the cheese will not melt completely, about 10 minutes.nSpoon some of the salsa on top of the nachos reserve the rest for dipping. Slice the avocados in half, remove the pits and dice inside the skin. Scoop out the avocado pieces and drop them on the top of the nachos along with the cilantro.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [3 large heirloom tomatoes about 2 12 pounds, cored, 1 large red onion, 1 serrano chile pepper, stemmed, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves and stems, 1 tablespoon Mexican beer drink the rest, Juice of 1 lime, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 to 8 ounces nduja soft Italian salami available at boccalone.com, 1 8to10ounce bag white corn tortilla chips, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 2 cups canned pinto beans, drained and rinsed, Finely grated zest of 1 lime, 12 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 cup queso fresco, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 2 tablespoons pickled jalapeno slices, drained, or more to taste, 2 hass avocados, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Nachos My Way, picturelink: OHNjng6xwXxjX.L8ELs2NPNZfYbLMC}, 56953: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan, heat the sugar and 4 cups water until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is hot. Allow to cool, and then place into a large drink dispenser or jug. Add 2 gallons cold water, the lemon juice and lemon slices and stir to combine. Refrigerate and allow to chill completely.nServe over ice., ingredients: [4 cups sugar, 4 cups fresh lemon juice, 2 lemons, sliced, Ice, for serving], title: Perfect Homemade Lemonade, picturelink: KN9LXHxPHpTOTTcDZyV72jCLQ73ofy}, 56954: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 56955: {instructions: In a saute pan, heat butter and peanut oil. Add garlic and saute for 2 minutes, then add all the herbs and spices, salt, pepper, and lemon juice, and continue to saute for 2 minutes more. Add shrimps and saute until cooked through, do not overcook., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter unsalted, 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 red or green chilies or jalapenos, chopped, 2 tablespoons rosemary, chopped, 1 tablespoon thyme, chopped, 1 tablespoon oregano, chopped, 2 tablespoons basil, chiffonade, 1 tablespoon paprika, 14 tablespoon cayenne, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, 20 pieces shrimp 1620 size, shells on], title: Creole Bbq Shrimp, picturelink: byeCblp7MJAvOnYq.itUIlaZJGWsZJC}, 56956: {}, 56957: {instructions: For the dipping sauce: Combine 12 cup 125ml water, the sugar, vinegar, fish sauce, ginger, soy sauce, garlic and lime juice in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook until it thickens a bit, about 5 minutes. Let cool.nFor the thin omelet: Sprinkle the eggs with salt and pepper. Heat a nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat and coat with a small amount of oil. Use a paper towel to spread it around and wipe up any excess oil. Add a little of the beaten egg and rapidly swirl it around until it coats the bottom. Cook over low heat just until the egg is set, 15 to 30 seconds. Its done when the edges are dry and the top is just about cooked.nLoosen up the edges of the omelet with a spatula, then flip the pan upside down onto a plate. The omelet should flop out like a crepe. Continue with the remaining egg. Roll up the omelets and cut into thin strips. Set aside.nFor the spring rolls: Remove the crabmeat from the shells. You can reserve the shells in a freezer bag for making stock.nLay a spring roll wrapper on a work surface so you have a diamond shape. Arrange some scallions, carrot, celery and kimchi in a rectangle in the center of the diamond. Add some of the omelet and spoon over some kimchi. Top with a spoonful of crabmeat and some cilantro.nDip your finger in water and spread a small amount around the edge of the wrapper. Fold in the two sides of the wrapper, then fold the top down and the bottom up to enclose the filling. Cover each roll with damp paper towels as you finish.nHeat the canola oil in a deep fryer to 375 degrees F.nFry the spring rolls, turning them once or twice, until golden and crisp. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nServe the spring rolls with the dipping sauce.nDissolve the salt in 12 cups 3 liters cold water. Add the cabbage and refrigerate for 4 hours. Rinse the cabbage thoroughly under cold running water at least 3 times. Pat dry.nBring 1 12 cups 375ml water to a simmer in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the flour and whisk for 3 minutes. Add the sugar and continue to cook, whisking, for 1 minute more. Pulse the red pepper powder, garlic, ginger, lemongrass and onion in a food processor. Add the flour mixture and pulse to combine. Set the kimchi paste aside.nCombine the brined cabbage, chives, fish sauce, soy sauce, scallions and cucumbers in a large bowl. Stir in the kimchi paste. Refrigerate until ready to use. You can eat the kimchi fresh, right after making it, or wait 24 hours until it has fermented. Yield: About 8 cups 2 liters., ingredients: [12 cup125ml sugar, 14 cup60ml rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons30ml fish sauce, 2 tablespoons15ml finely chopped peeled fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons15ml soy sauce, 1 clove garlic, minced, Juice of 1 lime, 3 eggs, beaten, Salt and pepper, Canola oil, for the skillet, 1 pound450g snow crab, 12 spring roll wrappers, 2 scallions, julienned, 1 carrot, julienned, 1 celery rib, julienned, 1 12 cups375ml Chucks Kimchi, recipe follows, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, Canola oil, for frying, 14 cup60ml salt, 1 large napa cabbage, cut into big chunks, 14 cup60ml rice flour or allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons30ml sugar, 12 cup125ml red pepper powder, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 1inch piece 2 12cm fresh ginger, peeled, 1 stalk lemongrass, tough parts discarded and inner stalk minced, 1 onion, chopped, 14 cup60ml chopped fresh chives, 14 cup60ml fish sauce, 2 tablespoons30ml soy sauce, 5 scallions, minced, 2 to 3 large cucumbers, cubed], title: Kimchi Crab Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 56958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nFor the filling: Toss the nectarines, raspberries, arrowroot and vanilla in a large bowl to combine. Transfer the mixture to a 10inch ovenproof skillet or baking dish, and spread out the fruit.nFor the topping: Toss the quinoa flakes, almond meal, rice flour, oat flour, maple sugar and salt in a medium bowl to combine. Drizzle in 4 tablespoons of the coconut oil, and stir to combine. Add the maple syrup and vanilla, and mix again. Stir in the almonds.nCrumble the mixture over the fruit. Drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut oil, and sprinkle with the cinnamon and maple sugar. Place the skillet on a baking sheet, and bake the crisp until the fruit filling is bubbling and the topping is golden, 45 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 12 pounds ripe nectarines, pitted and cut into 12inch slices, 1 12 cups raspberries, 1 tablespoon arrowroot powder, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup quinoa flakes, 1 cup almond meal, 12 cup brown rice flour, 14 cup glutenfree oat flour, 12 cup maple sugar, plus more for sprinkling, Pinch sea salt, 6 tablespoons melted extravirgin coconut oil, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup toasted almonds, chopped, Pinch cinnamon], title: NectarineRaspberry Crisp with QuinoaAlmond Topping, picturelink: xrMixgaTzetihw8HZy65NZ.aoxt3mi}, 56959: {instructions: Put a pizza stone or an inverted baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 450 degrees F. Press and stretch the pizza dough into a 10by14inch rectangle on a floured piece of parchment scatter the shallot on top. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and rub into the dough, gently pressing in the shallot season with salt and pepper. Transfer the dough on the parchment onto the hot stone. Bake until the crust is golden, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring the wine, 1 tablespoon olive oil and the garlic to a simmer in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the clams, cover and cook until they open, about 6 minutes transfer to a cutting board using a slotted spoon. Discard any unopened clams. Continue simmering the liquid until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the clams from their shells and chop.nPulse the parsley with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon zest in a mini food processor until chopped. Add the clam cooking liquid with the garlic and pulse until thickened.nSpread the parsley sauce on the baked crust. Top with the clams and shrimp lightly season with salt and pepper. Return to the oven until the shrimp is cooked through, 3 to 5 minutes. Top with more parsley.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound refrigerated pizza dough, at room temperature, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 13 cup dry white wine, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 littleneck clams, scrubbed, 12 cup fresh parsley, plus chopped leaves for topping, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 8 ounces medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and halved lengthwise], title: Shrimp and Clam Pizza, picturelink: 1xZMqhx.E4SpdmNHD5Lw9KgX6exg7Be}, 56960: {instructions: Whisk together the vinegar and oil and season with salt and pepper in a large bowl.nCook green beans in a 3 to 4quart saucepan of boiling salted water 2 minutes, then add shallot and cook until beans are crisptender, about 2 minutes more. Drain in a colander and plunge into a large bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain well, then add to dressing in bowl along with cannellini beans and toss well., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 34 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 19ounce can cannellini beans, drained and rinsed], title: Two Bean Salad, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 56961: {instructions: For the clove simple syrup: Combine the brown sugar, cloves and 1 cup water in a pan and heat until the sugar is dissolved. Allow to cool and sit for 2 to 3 hours strain off the cloves before using. Store any remaining syrup in a sealed jar, refrigerated, for up to 1 week.nFor the cocktail: Add the bourbon, lemon juice and clove simple syrup to a shaker and add ice. Shake vigorously and pour into a highball glass. Top with hard ciderand if youre feeling fancygarnish with an apple slice studded with a few whole cloves. That part is optional though. As are pants., ingredients: [1 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon whole cloves, 1 12 ounces bourbon, 12 ounce fresh lemon juice, 12 ounce clove simple syrup, 1 12 ounces hard cider, Apple slice studded with a few whole cloves, for garnish, optional], title: Bourbon Cider Sipper, picturelink: null}, 56962: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a Charlotte mold or flatbottom 2quart ovenproof casserolenPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Melt 4 tablespoons of the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the apples, lemon zest, lemon juice, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Cover and cook until the apples break down and the mixture becomes stiff, about 50 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool while you put together the bread.nArrange 4 of the bread slices in a square shape on a flat surface. Place the Charlotte mold upside down on the bread and trace the opening with a sharp edge. Alternatively, use a 2quart ovenproof casserole dish. Cut the bread following the traced line and brush both sides with the softened butter. Fit the bread into the bottom of the mold. Cut 11 of the bread slices in half lengthwise. They should be about the same height as the mold. Spread the halved slices with the softened butter and place them against the inside of the mold, overlapping like a fan. Fill the mold with the apple mixture. Cut the remaining 7 slices of bread into triangles, brush with the softened butter and fan the pieces over the top, pressing to fit into the top of the mold.nBake until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Allow the pan to cool 15 minutes. Run a knife around the inside of the mold to loosen it before unmolding. Serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 10 tablespoons, softened, 6 pounds mixed tart apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 22 slices thinslice white bread, crusts removed, Whipped cream or ice cream, for serving], title: Apple Charlotte, picturelink: XLocMrHJ7lYM1JQ5JdsvYULoVnJaswO}, 56963: {instructions: Place the quinoa in a fine sieve. Rinse under cold running water 1 full minute. Set aside to drain.nBring the broth, salt and pepper to a boil in heavy, medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the quinoa. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the quinoa is tender and all the broth is absorbed, about 15 minutes. Turn off the heat. Let the quinoa stand, still covered, for 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Scatter pine nuts on a small rimmed baking sheet. Toast the nuts until golden, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet.nMix the cilantro and pine nuts into the quinoa., ingredients: [1 14 cups whole grain quinoa about 7 ounces, 1 34 cups lowsalt chicken broth preferably organic, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro or Italian parsley, 13 cup pine nuts], title: Simplest Quinoa and Pine Nut Pilaf, picturelink: jTSa8URLaNdSnZaD8ebo1cgmv4k0DwO}, 56964: {instructions: Toast the above in a preheated 350 degree oven for five minutes or on the stove over medium heat. Grind the mixture in a spice or coffee grinder. Keep in a glass jar, covered tightly. Makes enough for at least 12 7ounce fillets. Will hold its flavor for 4 weeks. Heat the olive oil in a saute pan over medium heat, add the shallots and garlic, and season. Saute until the vegetables are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the harissa and stir. Cook for 35 minutes. Add the tomatoes and 4 tablespoons of the spice blend, or to taste. Working in batches, puree the mixture in a food processor, until the liquid is smooth. Set aside until ready to use. Makes enough for at least twelve fillets. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Bring two saute pans to high heat, add the olive oil, and when hot, add salmon fillets, skinside down do not crowd pan. Shake pans to be sure the fillets are not sticking. Add the butter little bits at a time, shaking the pan to incorporate the butter into the oil. Place pan in oven for 45 minutes to roast. To prepare the lentils: Use a blend of yellow and green lentils, and simply follow the preparation directions on the package. Prepare 34 to 1 cup of lentils per serving. To serve, mound lentils in center of plate. Place salmon fillet on top, skin side up. Surround with sauce., ingredients: [12 cup coriander seeds, 14 cup cumin seed, 12 cup fennel seed, 2 tablespoons cloves, 14 cup cardamom, 12 cup olive oil, 1 cup shallots, peeled and chopped, 14 cup garlic, peeled and chopped, Salt and pepper to taste, 14.875ounce can harissa Mediterranean product found in specialty food stores, 1215 beefsteak tomatoes, chopped, Six 7ounce skinon boneless fillets, Salt, Spice blend for seasoning, Butter 12 teaspoon per fillet and olive oil for sauteing], title: Crisp Atlantic Salmon Fillet on Mixed Lentils with Moroccan Spiced Tomato Sauce with Harissa, picturelink: null}, 56965: {instructions: For the sherry vinaigrette: Peel the oranges with a sharp knife. Remove the segments by cutting between the white membrane of each segment. Squeeze out the 2 tablespoons of juice and reserve. Combine the olive oil, vinegar, juice and mustard together. Season with salt and pepper and whisk vigorously. Finish with a squeeze of lemon juice.nFor the kale salad: Remove the tough stems from the kale and discard. Finely slice the leaves into thin ribbons and toss together with the cranberries and vinaigrette. Serve on a platter scattered with orange segments and sprinkled with the almonds., ingredients: [2 oranges, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 14 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Squeeze of lemon juice, 1 bunch fresh kale about 1 pound, 12 cup dried cranberries, roughly chopped, 12 cup Marcona almonds, roughly chopped], title: Kale Salad with Marcona Almonds and Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: t0J8imp815wFlZBr51Y848HeTNSLPW}, 56966: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large baking pan, mix together the oats, raisins, bran, coconut, cranberries, wheat germ, cornmeal, sunflower seeds, walnuts, and almonds. Add the corn oil, honey, and vanilla and mix well. Spread the granola out on the pan in an even layer and bake until the granola is golden brown, about 45 minutes.nAllow the granola to cool, and then serve topped with fresh fruit and milk or yogurt., ingredients: [4 cups oats, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup bran flakes, 12 cup coconut, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup wheat germ, 14 cup cornmeal, 14 cup sunflower seeds, 14 cup walnuts, 14 cup almonds, 14 cup corn oil, 13 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Granola, picturelink: z.ACaNkS1DilI1tpt6BggjwgXCftxZS}, 56967: {instructions: Melt butter over medium heat in a 3 or 4 quart saucepan. Add bacon and saute for another couple of minutes or until the bacon has rendered some of its fat. Add the onion, cover and cook for about 10 minutes or until onion is translucent. Check the onion every now and then to make sure it is not burning. While the onion is cooking, dice the sweet potato. When the onion is translucent, remove the cover and stir in the sweet potato, spices and broth. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes or until tender.nTransfer soup to a blender or food processor. Add the tomato paste and peanut butter and puree until smooth. Season with about 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. You can make the soup up to this point 2 to 3 days in advance. Reheat, stirring on occasion, until soup is heated through and garnish each portion with sour cream and chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 14 pound of sweet potato, peeled, 14 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, chili powder, cumin and cayenne pepper, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 12 cup nonhomogenized peanut butter, 12 cup sour cream, Salt and pepper, Snipped chives], title: Spiced Peanut Soup, picturelink: null}, 56968: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt butter, sugar, and water in a saucepan over medium heat. Remove the saucepan from the heat once the sugar has dissolved and add the vanilla extract and chocolate chips, reserving some of the chips for later. Begin adding the eggs 1 at a time. Blend in the flour, baking soda, and salt. Pour the mixture into a greased and foil lined 13 by 9inch baking dish. Sprinkle the mixture with the remaining chocolate chips and bake for 20 to 30 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let the brownies rest 5 to 10 minutes before slicing into squares. Enjoy with a cold glass of milk, ingredients: [23 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups chocolate chips, 4 eggs, 1 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Kathy Fauldings Famous Brownies, picturelink: null}, 56969: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add the pasta and cook, stirring after 1 minute, until about threequarters of the way done.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the red pepper flakes and garlic and cook until just beginning to turn golden brown, then add the parsley. Add a ladle of the pasta water to stop the cooking process and allow the flavors to combine.nWhen the pasta is threequarters of the way cooked, remove it from the water and add it to the saute pan. Add more pasta water as necessary to finish cooking the pasta, letting the liquid reduce as the pasta finishes to form a sauce.nSeason with salt if desired and transfer to a large serving dish. Drizzle with more olive oil and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound dried spaghetti, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for finishing, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup roughchopped fresh parsley], title: Spaghetti Aglio e Olio, picturelink: F9I64omRW5IAsDKAIR3qqIBZBN3eCYG}, 56970: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F.nUnder cold running water, wash chickens inside and out pat dry with a paper towel. Generously season inside and out with salt and pepper.nRoughly chop 2 sprigs rosemary. In a medium bowl, mix together honey, butter, chopped rosemary, lemon juice, and lemon zest. Set aside.nCombine lemon halves, remaining 4 sprigs rosemary, garlic, and onion divide among 4 birds to fill cavities. Using a pastry brush, coat outside of birds with lemonhoney glaze. Place birds in a large roasting pan on rack positioned in the middle of the oven. Baste every 15 minutes, and brush with any remaining glaze. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the deepest part of the breast registers 180 degrees F and juices run clear when pierced with a knife, about 1 hour. Let rest for 10 minutes before carving. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [4 whole chickens 3 12 pounds each, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 cup honey, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 4 lemons, zested, halved, and juiced, 8 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 yellow onion, quartered], title: Glazed Lemon Honey Chicken, picturelink: null}, 56971: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the frosting: Cook the bacon, over medium heat in a small skillet, until crisp. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels to drain and cool, then chop and set aside. Combine the remaining ingredients, except the scallions, in a medium bowl and mix well. Refrigerate for 2 hours.nFor the batter: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl add the flour, cornmeal, sugar, eggs, buttermilk and 3 tablespoons melted butter. Mix well to combine.nSaute onions and jalapenos using 14 tablespoon butter, about 2 minutes. Add salt, pepper and chiles. Remove from heat, cool slightly and add to the batter.nSpray 2 12 capacity muffin pans with nonstick spray. Fill the pans 34 full with the batter. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes until golden. Let cool and frost with pimento cheese mixture. Garnish with chopped bacon and chopped scallions.nMix all ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 3 months., ingredients: [4 strips bacon, for garnish, 12 ounces extrasharp white Cheddar, grated, 14 cup grated extrasharp yellow Cheddar, 1 7ounce jar pimentos, drained and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 34 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Neelys BBQ seasoning, recipe follows, 4 chopped scallions, for garnish, 1 cup selfrising cornmeal, 1 cup selfrising flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 3 tablespoons melted butter, plus 14 tablespoon cold butter, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon seeded and chopped jalapeno, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 7 ounces green chiles, drained and chopped, 34 cup white sugar, 1 13 cups paprika, 3 34 tablespoons onion powder], title: Ginas Pimento Cheese Cakes, picturelink: aTW2KnAo1V87ARQ051hrjTTakSjqW0u}, 56972: {instructions: Combine the shrimp with the rest of the ingredients. Grill until just opaque. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound sweet Georgia sustainable white shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 12 jalapeno pepper, minced, 1 12 tablespoons chopped chivescilantroItalian parsley leaves, Squeeze of lime juice, Ground black pepper], title: Chile Lime Shrimp Marinade, picturelink: ikWeoRjzAxO6Bv2cNActwop6.2zl2}, 56973: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a large glass measuring or any microwave safe bowl. Note: the rice expands during cooking, so be sure to choose a container that is large enough. Microwave on high, uncovered, for 10 minutes. Microwave on mediumlow, uncovered, for 15 minutes. Do not stir the rice at any time during the cooking process. Season with salt and fluff with a fork just before serving., ingredients: [2 cups long grain rice, 3 12 cups water or stock, 1 12 teaspoons butter or oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfect Microwave Rice, picturelink: XDsCLF14k658MaaypMzNsL4GRRvapmK}, 56974: {instructions: Fan the jicama chips in a pinwheel on a serving dish and garnish with the lime wedges. Mix the salt and chili powder together in small bowl. Serve the chips and the chilisalt mixture with drinks like tequila and sangria., ingredients: [2 mediumsized jicamas, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 limes cut into wedges, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons mediumhot chili powder], title: Jicama Chips, picturelink: null}, 56975: {instructions: Place sugar, corn syrup, and 12 cup water in a 2quart heavybottomed saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Insert a candy thermometer, and cook the sugar mixture until it reaches 310 degrees to 320 degrees, what is known as the hardcrack stage. Remove pan from the heat, and carefully pour into a mediumsize microwaveable glass bowl. If you leave the sugar in the pan, the sugar will continue to cook and will turn dark brown. The sugar will stay liquid enough to work with easily for about 10 minutes after that it will start to thicken. If this happens before you are finished, just pop the bowl in the microwave for 3 to 5 minutes, until the sugar is liquid enough to work with once again. Wash, dry, and lightly but thoroughly spray a clean, dry 5quart bowl with cooking spray. Dip the tines of a fork into the hot sugar. Carefully but quickly wave the fork over the inside of the bowl, allowing the sugar to drip off the fork in long, thin strands. Try to distribute the strands evenly on the side and bottom of the bowl, making sure the sugar reaches all the way to the rim of the bowl. When finished, you should still be able to see the bowl through the sugar. Use a sharp chefs knife to trim the edge of the cage clean by scraping the blade of the knife along the rim of the bowl. Set aside to cool, about 5 minutes. To unmold the cage, place your thumbs on the outside of the bowl and your fingers on the inside of the sugar cage. Gently pull the cage loose from the side and bottom of the bowl. Once the cage has been released from the bowl, carefully lift it out and place it over a dessert. If the sugar is still too warm, the cage may begin to collapse. Repeat with remaining sugar to form 3 more cages. At this stage, the cages can be stored, right side up, in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for 1 to 2 days., ingredients: [2 12 cups sugar, 23 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup water, Vegetable oil cooking spray], title: Sugar Cage GT with Jacques Torres, picturelink: null}, 56976: {instructions: Combine the beef, venison, oil, salt, cinnamon, oregano, pepper and parsley in a mixing bowl. Use a spoon, spatula or your hands to blend it thoroughly. Form the meat into twelve 3ounce sliders, and refrigerate until cooking time.nBrush the sliders with olive oil and cook on a preheated very hot grill or in a nonstick pan for 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Do not overcook This lovely lean meat is best served rare or mediumrare.nPlace the grilled venison sliders on a bun, top with Tomato Chile Jam and cover with the bun top. Finish by skewering a cornichon and driving the skewer through the top bun, the slider and the bottom bun to keep them intact and easy to eat. Repeat with all the sliders.nPlace the sliders on a platter and waste no time getting them to your guests and into your mouthnCombine the tomatoes, sugar, vinegar, fish sauce, garlic, chiles and ginger in a saucepot. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and cook for about 2 hours, stirring all the time to make sure it doesnt scorch on the bottom. Allow the thick, glossy condiment to cool to room temperature, and refrigerate till needed. Cooks Note: This will make more than needed, but this sauce is mildly addictive and you will be happy to have some stashed away in your refrigerator for any grilled meat, fish or prawns. It lasts for over a month when stored properly in a sealed container., ingredients: [About 1 pound 500g ground beef, About 1 pound 500g farmed ground New Zealand venison any cut will do but the most cost effective is from the leg, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 2 teaspoons flake sea salt, such as Maldon, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves removed and finely chopped, 12 slider buns, Tomato Chile Jam, recipe follows, 12 cornichons, 3 pounds peeled canned tomatoes, About 3 cups 750g sugar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon 150g cider vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons 25ml fish sauce, 5 large cloves garlic, minced, 4 red hot chiles, finely chopped, 1 thumb fresh ginger, peeled and grated], title: New Zealand Venison Sliders with Tomato Chile Jam, picturelink: e2q.hYproqkiFH5OEQNYfhOHny50FC}, 56977: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPut pecans in a pie plate and roast in the oven until nutty smelling and toasty, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, remove ice cream from freezer and let stand at room temperature or at least 15 minutes to soften.nRemove nuts from the oven and let cool. Turn off oven.nChoose 4 to 6 clear plastic parfait glasses, beer glasses, or any seethrough unbreakable glass of at least 12ounce capacity.nIn each of the glasses, put about 2 tablespoons caramel or butterscotch sauce in bottom. Top with a layer of softened ice cream, packing it down slightly and being careful not to smear the sides of the glass too much if you do smear glass while making layers, wipe down inside with paper towels as you work. Sprinkle with a teaspoon or so of pecans. Continue layering in the same fashion: sauce, ice cream, pecans until you reach the top of the glass. Make the last layer sauce and sprinkle it with pecans.nWrap the glasses tightly with plastic wrap and put in freezer or outside in the snow until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 quart goodquality vanilla ice cream, 1 cup chopped pecans, 8ounce jar goodquality caramel or butterscotch sauce], title: PecanCaramel Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 56978: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add pasta and cook until al dente. Drain pasta, reserving 1 cup of pasta water.nMeanwhile, saute pancetta in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat until golden and crisp, about 6 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate. In the same pan, saute onions until softened, about 5 minutes. Add peas and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Stir in Parmesan, pasta and pancetta. Moisten pasta with some of the reserved pasta water. Toss to incorporate, season with salt and pepper, if necessary, and serve, sprinkled with lemon juice., ingredients: [16 ounces fettuccine, 8 ounces pancetta, diced, 12 onion, chopped, 1 10ounce bag frozen peas, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Pasta, Pancetta and Peas, picturelink: OS9bYeIZkdb7e7OXDEoxVeQFQDSFK}, 56979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1inch of canola oil in large saute pan, to 325 degrees F.nIn a bowl mix the cream cheese, ricotta, and 1 12 tablespoons sugar with a whip, until thoroughly blended.nBeat egg and milk together. Place 1 12 tablespoons of cheese mix in center back of egg roll skin and place 4 to 6 raspberries in the center of cheese mixture.nBrush egg wash around edges of skin, fold left and right sides of skin in 12inch, and then roll from back to front, insuring that the roll is sealed.nPlace in oil and cook both sides until golden brown. Let drain on paper towels for 2 to 3 minutes.nDust with cinnamon and sugar. Serve with whipped cream and raspberries, if desired., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 8 tablespoons cream cheese, 3 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 2 12 tablespoons powdered sugar 1 12 for mix, 1 tablespoon for garnish, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons milk, 10 thick egg roll skins, 1 cup raspberries, fresh preferred, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon], title: Chinese Cheesecake, picturelink: UEWOejyrSqMdQp3.bTDBZBYV3xh.Qi}, 56980: {instructions: If you are using chicken breasts instead of tenders, cut into long, thick strips about 4 per breast.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil in a slow steady stream. Add crushed pepper, crushed garlic, and chicken tenders. Saute chicken tenders or breast slices in garlic oil until lightly browned on all sides, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add wine to the pan and reduce heat to medium low. Let the liquid cook out and tenders cook through, about 3 to 4 minutes more, then remove pan from heat. Squeeze lemon juice over chicken and sprinkle with parsley salt and pepper. Pile tenders along side a generous portion of Caesar greens and serve.nTo make dressing, combine anchovies, garlic, and oil in a metal or heatproof glass bowl. Place bowl on grill top and cover grill. Cook oil mixture 2 or 3 minutes or until garlic is speaking by sizzling in oil. Remove dressing from heat and beat warm oil with a fork until the anchovies break up completely and dissipates in oil. Cooked anchovies melt away easily and the flavor changes from fishy to nutty. Transfer oil mixture to a large salad bowl. Add Worcestershire, lemon juice, egg, pepper, and cheese while beating with fork. Toss greens to coat with dressing., ingredients: [1 12 pounds chicken tenders or boneless breast meat, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon a couple of pinches crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 12 cup a generous splash dry white wine, 12 lemon, juiced, A handful of chopped flat leaf parsley, Coarse salt and black pepper, 1 2 ounce tin anchovy, drained, 4 large cloves garlic, cracked away from skins and finely chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons several drops Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup pasteurized cholesterolfree egg product, available on dairy aisle, Coarsely ground black pepper, to your taste, 12 cup a couple of handfuls grated Parmigiano, 2 large heads romaine lettuce, trimmed to hearts and coarsely chopped], title: Cleopatras Chicken Salad, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 56981: {instructions: Cook the spaghetti according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a deep skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, and saute until lightly golden, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the meat, tomatoes and butter, if using. Bring to a boil. Season with the salt and pepper. Stir in the basil leaves. Reduce the heat to low, and cook for 20 minutes.nAdd the cooked pasta to the skillet, and toss well to coat. Divide among deep bowls to serve., ingredients: [8 ounces uncooked spaghetti, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, chopped fine, 2 cooked burgers 3 ounces each, crumbled, One 28ounce can crushed or pureed tomatoes, 1 tablespoon butter, optional, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 large, fresh basil leaves, torn], title: 20Minute Bolognese, picturelink: 04a1T3hxfRl.9T8YqwlzlosbmhY6hBi}, 56982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the sliced potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook until fork tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Drain the potatoes. Let cool slightly, then transfer the potatoes to a large bowl.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, place the bacon and some salt in a large saute pan. Cook over mediumlow heat until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and add it to the bowl with the potatoes. Add the onions and a pinch of salt to the hot pan and cook until softened and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock, vinegar, mustard and chives and bring to a boil. Pour the dressing over the potatoes and toss to coat.nServe warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, sliced 12inch thick, 4 ounces bacon, chopped, Kosher Salt, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 2 12 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoon grainy mustard, 1 bunch chives, chopped], title: German Potato Salad, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 56983: {instructions: Put both milks, the cream, and the lemon juice into a large nonreactive saucepan or stew pot. Turn the heat to low and bring to 194 degrees using a candy thermometer, making sure it does not touch the bottom or sides of the saucepan or pot. This will take about 2 hours. Line strainer or small colander with cheese cloth. When curds form on the surface of the liquid, remove them with a skimmer or slotted spoon and transfer to the strainer. Increase the heat to medium and after 8 minutes, skim some more, until all the curds are removed and only milky liquid remains. Leave the curds to drain for 1 hour, then transfer them to container and refrigerate. Fresh homemade ricotta will stay fresh for about 4 days in the refrigerator and may be used in recipes., ingredients: [4 quarts whole cows milk, 2 cups goats milk, 2 cups heavy cream preferably not ultra pasteurized, 5 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 56984: {instructions: Cut the catfish into 2inch strips and pat dry. Stir together the flour and 1 tablespoon of the Cajun seasoning with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Whisk another tablespoon of the Cajun seasoning into the buttermilk. Pulse the tortillas in a food processor until finely ground with a third tablespoon of the Cajun seasoning.nAdd the vegetable oil to large, heavybottomed pot and bring to 350 degrees F over medium heat.nToss the catfish with the seasoned flour, then place the catfish in a sieve and shake off any excess flour. Divide the catfish strips into two batches. Dip the first batch in the buttermilk, letting the excess drip off, and then dredge in the tortillas. Fry the catfish until golden, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Dredge and fry the second batch of catfish in the same manner.nStir together the mayonnaise and the remaining tablespoon Cajun seasoning. Spread evenly on the rolls. Divide the iceberg and tomato slices among the rolls. Top with the catfish. Serve with hot sauce., ingredients: [Two 8ounce catfish fillets, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons Cajun seasoning, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 1 cup wellshaken buttermilk, 6 corn tortillas, 4 cups vegetable oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 4 hoagie rolls, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 large tomato, sliced, Hot sauce, such as Tabasco], title: Tortilla Crusted Catfish Po Boys, picturelink: R71m9C3kO.KESO8EQOnx9PJXt4jN16}, 56985: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSpray a heavy, mediumsized shallow rectangular pan with cooking spray. Line the pan with waxed paper, and also spray paper.nIn a medium mixing bowl, beat egg whites and cream of tartar on medium speed until foamy. Add 14 cup sugar and beat on high speed until soft peaks form. Set aside.nIn a separate medium mixing bowl, beat oil and 12 cup sugar on medium speed. Add the vanilla and then the sifted flour, and mix until well blended. Fold 14 of the egg whites into the batter. Then carefully fold in the remaining egg whites. Spread the batter evenly into the pan.nBake for 12 minutes, or until lightly browned. The cake should spring back when touched lightly. While cake is still warm, loosen it from the pan, and sprinkle it with some of the powdered sugar. Cover cake with a baking cloth. Invert the cake by placing a large cookie sheet over the cloth and turning the cake over. Remove the waxed paper and roll the cake in the cloth. Cool the cake on a wire rack while mixing the filling. Do not let cake cool longer than it takes to mix the filling or it will become too stiff to handle.nFor the filling, mix the cream cheese, sour cream, jam, and strawberries together in a medium bowl until well blended.nUnroll the cake. Spread the filling on the cake, leaving a 12inch border. Carefully reroll the cake.nGarnish with powdered sugar., ingredients: [8 egg whites, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup plus 12 cup sugar, 14 cup oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 34 cup selfrising flour, sifted, 14 cup powdered sugar, sifted, 1 8ounce package strawberryflavored cream cheese, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup strawberry jam, 1 cup strawberries, chopped], title: Strawberry Jelly Roll, picturelink: null}, 56986: {instructions: For the Tart Dough: This recipe works best with very cold butter. Cut the butter into 12inch cubes. Since butter softens rapidly with handling, return the cubes to the refrigerator for at least 10 minutes while you set up the food processor and gather the dry ingredients. Place the flour, sugar, and kosher salt, in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse onoff a few times to combine. Add the butter, tossing quickly with a spatula to coat each cube with flour. This prevents the butter cubes from adhering together and helps them to break apart and combine more evenly with the flour. Pulse on and off 15 times until the butter particles are the size of small peas. With the motor running, add the ice water all at once through the feed tube. Process for about 10 seconds, stopping the machine before the dough becomes a solid mass. Turn the contents of the bowl onto a sheet of aluminum foil, pressing any loose particles into the mass of dough. Roughly form the dough into a 7inch disk. Cover the dough completely with aluminum foil and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or until ready to use. The dough may be refrigerated up to 2 days or frozen for up to 2 weeks. Let dough rest in refrigerator until needed.nFor the Tart: Divide the dough into 4 equal portions. Roll out each portion of dough on a floured surface into 9inch free form circles, about 38inch thick, and transfer to baking sheets. Cover and chill the dough while you prepare the filling. Mix the ricotta, egg yolks, tangerine peel, sugar and cinnamon in a bowl. Stir with a rubber spatula until well combined. Scatter the chopped dates over the surface of the tart shell leaving a 1 12inch border around the outside edge. Spoon the filling over the dates and raise the dough border to enclose the sides of the tart. Press down on the dough where if forms pleats to secure. Bake the tart for 15 to 18 minutes, in preheated 450 degrees, until the crust is golden and the filling is just set. Cool on a rack for 10 minutes, dust with confectioners sugar and serve warm., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, 2 cups unbleached flour, 14 cup superfine sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup ice water, 1 pound ricotta, 4 egg yolks, 6 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon powder, 2 dates, chopped, 12 tablespoon tangerine peel, finely chopped, for garnish, Confectioners sugar, for garnish], title: Sicilian Ricotta Tart, picturelink: null}, 56987: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange peaches in the bottom of a shallow baking dish set aside.nIn a small bowl, combine flour, oats, oil, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Stir with a fork until mixture is crumbly, adding more oil if necessary. Fold in nuts. Sprinkle topping over peaches and bake 15 minutes, until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups thawed frozen peaches, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup rolled oats, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup chopped walnuts or pecans], title: Peach Crumble, picturelink: null}, 56988: {instructions: In a large heavy pot, melt the butter over medium heat. Stir in the leeks, onions and shallots and toss to coat with the butter. Cook onions until they begin to soften. Cover and continue to stir occasionally. When the onions begin to turn golden, turn up the heat to medium high and add the pinch of sugar and nutmeg. Continue to cook until onions turn a rich golden brown. Season onions with salt and pepper. Add red wine and bring to a simmer. Cook for 35 minutes. Pour in warm stock and bring to a simmer. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Ladle soup into ovenproof bowls and place bowls on baking sheet. Top each bowl with slice of bread and sprinkle with cheese. Bake for 15 minutes or until bubbly., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, Salt, 1 large leek, white part sliced, Pepper, 2 large Spanish onions, sliced, 34 cup red wine, 4 shallots, sliced, 6 cups low sodium beef stock, warmed, Pinch of sugar, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 lb Swiss cheese, grated, 4 slices sourdough bread], title: Onion Soup Gratin, picturelink: null}, 56989: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 170 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Then choose one of the combinations below. If making all three, use three baking sheets and mats.nFor the grape, basil and white balsamic leather: Puree the grapes, white balsamic vinegar and salt together in a blender, and fold in the mint. Pour the puree onto the prepared baking sheet and spread to form an even layer.nPlace the baking sheet in the oven and cook until the grape mixture becomes very dry, 2 to 2 12 hours. It will remain sticky but should be solid, and you should be able to pull it away from the pan.nFor the strawberry balsamic leather: Puree the strawberries, balsamic and salt together in a blender, and fold in the mint. Pour the puree onto the prepared baking sheet and spread to form an even layer.nPlace the baking sheet in the oven and cook until the strawberry mixture becomes very dry, 2 to 2 12 hours. It will remain sticky but should be solid, and you should be able to pull it away from the pan.nFor the guava pink peppercorn leather: In a saucepot set over medium heat, add the guava paste, lemon juice and 14 to 12 cup water and whisk until loose and liquid. Fold in the pink peppercorns. Pour the puree onto the baking sheet and spread to form an even layer.nPlace in the oven and cook until the guava mixture becomes very dry, 6 to 6 12 hours. It will remain sticky but should be solid, and you should be able to pull it away from the pan., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 4 cups seedless grapes, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, Pinch of salt, 5 fresh basil leaves, chopped, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 12 quarts strawberries, stemmed and hulled, 1 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Pinch of salt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, Nonstick cooking spray, 12 ounces guava paste, 3 lemons, juice of, 2 teaspoons pink peppercorns, crushed], title: Fruit Leathers, picturelink: Zsb3Cea19o8JhetL1zXoi7oOjmfIyG}, 56990: {instructions: Pound the 4 pieces of chicken between sheets of plastic wrap to flatten them, about 14inch thick. Sprinkle with poultry seasoning and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Coat the chicken with the flour, shaking off any excess.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the oil and butter. Mix together and when the butter has melted add the chicken, working in batches, until they are golden brown, about 4 to 6 minutes per side. Remove the chicken, to a serving platter, cover and keep warm. Add the chicken broth to the pan and cook it over high heat until it reduces by half and thickens slightly, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice, parsley and basil. Taste, and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, if needed. Pour the sauce over the cooked chicken serve with the Roasted Garlic and Mushroom Risotto.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the top off the head of garlic. Put it on a large square of aluminum foil and drizzle 1 teaspoon of the extravirgin olive oil over the exposed cloves. Wrap the foil around and over the garlic. Roast until it is soft, about 50 minutes to 1 hour. Remove from the oven and let cool.nPour the 2 cans of broth into a saucepan, over low heat, and add 3 cans of water. Bring to a simmer.nIn a large, heavy bottomed skillet, heat the remaining olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and saute for 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook until the mushrooms release their juices, about 5 minutes. Add the rice and cook for 1 minute to toast.nAdd 2 ladles full of hot broth to the pan and gently stir the rice. Cook until most of the liquid has been absorbed. Adjust the heat so that the pan is just gently bubbling. Continue adding broth and stirring until all the broth is used and the rice is cooked but not mushy, about 20 to 25 minutes. Once the rice has absorbed all the liquid and is nice and creamy, stir in the butter, Parmesan and the garlic pulp. Cover and let rest for 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and serve hot.nReserve 3 cups for another use., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts, halved lengthwise, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 14.5ounce can chicken broth, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, Serving suggestion: Roasted Garlic and Mushroom Risotto, recipe follows, 1 head garlic, 2 12 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 14.5ounce cans chicken broth, 3 cans water, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 8ounce package sliced mushrooms, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups longgrain rice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Chicken Scaloppine, picturelink: null}, 56991: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nShuck and drain clams and set aside. In a saute pan, combine melted butter, lemon juice, parsley, and hot pepper sauce over medium heat. Add onions and green and red peppers and saute until tender. Then add crushed crackers and mix until thoroughly combined. Spoon a small amount of mixture on top of littlenecks and then top with a piece of bacon. Bake for about 10 minutes, or until bacon is crispy. Garnish with parsley and lemon wedges., ingredients: [16 littleneck clams, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup chopped parsley, plus more for garnish, Several dashes hot pepper sauce, 14 cup diced onion, 14 cup diced green pepper, 14 cup diced red pepper, 12 cup crushed crackers recommended: Ritz, 4 strips bacon, parcooked, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Flos Clams Casino, picturelink: B.ycPgwptpcxkb9AN0zGdj9VJXFnu3q}, 56992: {instructions: Stir together the sour cream, chives, mustard, horseradish and a few grinds of black pepper in a small bowl.nLay four slices of jicama out on a work surface. Spread each with some of the mustardhorseradish sauce, top each with 14 of the ham, a slice of cheese, and about 12 cup of arugula. Sandwich with the remaining jicama slices, cut in half and serve with a pickle spear if using., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 tablespoon finely sliced chives, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon horseradish, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium jicama, about 4 inches wide, peeled and cut into eight 13inch rounds, 6 ounces sliced lowsodium deli ham, 4 slices Havarti cheese about 3 ounces, 2 cups baby arugula, Dill pickle spears for serving, optional], title: Breadless Ham and Cheese Sandwiches, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 56993: {instructions: Trim off and discard the stems of the artichokes, leaving about 12 inch. Scrub the artichokes clean under running water. Using sharp scissors, cut 12 inch off the top of each leaf, and with a very sharp knife slice about 1inch off the top of the artichoke.nTo a large kettle of boiling salted water, add 2 or 3 whole garlic cloves and 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Cook the artichokes, covered, for 45 to 55 minutes, or until tender. Remove them carefully with tongs or a big slotted spoon, and place them upsidedown on a rack to drain as they cool.nTo make the filling, cut the tomatoes into 14inch dice and chop the remaining garlic. Mix the tomatoes and garlic with the chopped herbs, 12 teaspoon of salt, 1 12 tablespoons of olive oil, and a touch of vinegar or lemon juice if you want it. Stir in most of the bread crumbs, check the consistency, then stir in more as needed to make a fairly thick mixture. Finally, add the Parmesan.nWhen the artichokes are cool enough to handle turn them right side up and gently pull open the leaves from the center of each one. Pull out the thin leaves from the very center and then scrape out the fibrous choke with a teaspoon.nSpoon some of the filling into the center cavity of each artichoke, then spoon a bit more here and there between the leaves. Distribute it evenly between the 6 artichokes, using about 23 cup for each. A little bit more olive oil can be drizzled over the artichokes just before serving.nServe these at room temperature or chilled, and dont hold them longer than 3 or 4 hours., ingredients: [6 large artichokes, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds tomatoes, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, Salt, 12 tablespoon vinegar or lemon juice, optional, 2 to 2 12 cups coarse breadcrumbs from a good country loaf, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Stuffed Artichokes, picturelink: ubAqTikBU82P2sysFY1C7Pd00TlMRG}, 56994: {instructions: Place the potatoes, chicken stock, lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 to 25 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and place in a serving bowl. Drizzle with the remaining olive oil. Add the lemon zest and 3 tablespoons of the basil. Toss well and garnish with the remaining chopped basil., ingredients: [16 baby new potatoes, halved, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, plus 2 teaspoons, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup chopped fresh basil leaves], title: LemonBasil Potatoes, picturelink: VElrHfUpK5UvWfKKzRtnYhs89tJDsY2}, 56995: {instructions: Prepare a mediumhot fire in a charcoal grill or preheat a gas grill to mediumhigh heat.nTo make roasted corn chowchow, rub the shucked ears of corn with olive oil. Put on the grill and cook, turning often, until the corn is slightly charred and still crisp, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from heat to a cutting board and cool. Meanwhile, combine the vinegar, water, sorghum, sugar, dry mustard, celery seed, and turmeric in a medium saucepan and set the pan on the grill. Bring to a simmer to dissolve sugar.nCut the kernels off the corn ears and add to a bowl with the diced green bell pepper, red bell pepper, red onion, and celery. Pour the vinegar and spice mixture over the vegetables, and season with salt. Set aside to pickle.nTo make country ham salad, combine the ham, cream cheese, green onions, salt, pepper, and hot sauce in a bowl and stir with a wooden spoon to combine. Alternatively, all the ingredients can be put into the bowl of a standing electric mixer and gently combined using the paddle attachment.nTo make patties, combine the ground chuck, Worcestershire sauce, garlic salt, and pepper in a bowl. Divide mixture into 6 portions and gently form into patties. Brush the grill rack with vegetable oil. Arrange the patties on the grill and cook, turning once, approximately 5 to 7 minutes per side for medium, or until desired doneness.nSpread the cut side of each bun half with 12 tablespoon butter and grill 1 to 2 minutes, until golden brown.nTo assemble, spread the bottom half of each bun with a generous helping of ham salad. Top each with 2 Bibb lettuce leaves and a burger. Using a slotted spoon, drain a scoop of chowchow and put on top of the patties. Cover with the bun tops and enjoy, ingredients: [3 ears yellow corn, shucked, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 14 cup sorghum, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 12 teaspoons celery seeds, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 green bell pepper, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 12 red onion, minced, 1 stalk celery, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup diced country ham, 34 cup cream cheese, softened, 14 cup green onions, sliced, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 pounds ground chuck, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons garlic salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for brushing on grill rack, 6 goodquality hamburger buns, 6 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 12 Bibb lettuce leaves], title: Bluegrass Burgers with Sweet Roasted Corn ChowChow and Country Ham Spread, picturelink: 7MxTEN6nnc3HDQYBzPO42UlNUBIXGui}, 56996: {instructions: Cut a thin slice from the stem end of each tomato and with a melonball cutter or small spoon scoop out the seeds and inner pulp, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Sprinkle the tomatoes with 14 teaspoon of the salt, invert them onto paper towels, and let them stand for 20 minutes.nIn a food processor fitted with the grating blade or with a handheld grater, grate the zucchini and the summer squash coarse. In a colander toss the squash with the remaining 34 teaspoon salt and let it stand for 20 minutes. Rinse the squash under cold water, squeeze it dry in a kitchen towel, and in a bowl combine it well with the olives, the Feta, and the egg yolk. Stuff the tomatoes with the squash mixture, mounding it, put them in an oiled small baking dish, and brush the outsides of the tomatoes with the oil. Bake the tomatoes in a preheated 450 degree F oven for 10 minutes. The tomatoes may be baked with the hens during the last 10 minutes of roasting., ingredients: [4 small tomatoes about 1 14 pounds, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 pound zucchini, scrubbed and trimmed, 14 pound yellow summer squash, scrubbed and trimmed, 14 cup Kalamata or other brinecured black olives, crushed lightly with the flat side of a knife, pitted, and sliced thin, 3 tablespoons crumbled feta, 1 large egg yolk, beaten lightly, Vegetable oil for brushing the tomatoes], title: Tomatoes Stuffed with Squash, Feta, and Olives, picturelink: null}, 56997: {instructions: Spray a large microwavesafe mug with nonstick spray. Add green pepper and onion and microwave until softened, 1 to 2 minutes.nBlot any excess liquid from the vegetables. Add egg substitute and microwave for 1 minute.nAdd ham and cheese and lightly stir. Microwave until scramble is just set, an additional 45 to 60 seconds.nLet cool slightly. Garnish with orange slices and serve with an English muffin, if using. Eat upnServing suggestion: Wholewheat English muffin., ingredients: [14 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 12 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 1 ounce chopped 97 to 98percent fatfree ham about 2 slices, 2 tablespoons shredded fatfree Cheddar cheese, Orange slices, for serving, optional], title: Denver Omelette in a Mug, picturelink: null}, 56998: {instructions: For the ice cream: Puree the sliced berries, sugar, lemon juice and salt. Strain to remove seeds. Heat the heavy cream just to the boiling point and pour over the puree. Stir to combine, and chill overnight. Freeze the next day in an icecream machine, folding in the finely diced berries just at the end. Transfer to a container and freeze until firm.nFor the brandy snaps: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a baking sheet.nMelt the butter, sugar and syrup together in a saucepan. When it starts to bubble, remove from the heat and beat in the brandy and flour.nUsing a teaspoon, place 6 spoonfuls, well apart from one another, on the baking sheet. Bake until flat and golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool on the sheet just until they are firm enough to move, but still pliable a matter of seconds. Shape over a rolling pin, or simply leave flat. Carry on with baking the second batch.nServe a grand spoonful of ice cream with a crispy brandy snap, ingredients: [2 cups sliced ripe strawberries, 12 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Pinch salt, 1 cup cream, 1 cup whole strawberries, finely diced, 14 cup butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons golden syrup, 2 teaspoons brandy, 14 cup flour], title: Jennifer Mclagans Simple Strawberry Ice Cream with Brandy Snaps, picturelink: null}, 56999: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the tops off the garlic heads just to expose the bulbs and remove any excess papery skins. Place in a large sheet of aluminum foil and drizzle with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 12 teaspoon each of the salt and pepper. Close the foil around them, leaving a space between the tops and the foil, and place on a baking sheet in the oven. Roast until soft and fragrant, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove, cool, and squeeze out the garlic into a bowl.nIn a large, heavy soup pot preferably enameled cast iron over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter, add the roasted garlic, and cook for 5 minutes. Add in the flour and cook until a dark golden roux is achieved, an additional 5 to 6 minutes, stirring frequently. Add 1 cup chicken stock, incorporate, and repeat until all the chicken stock had been added. Repeat with the water. Add the Italian seasoning, remaining salt and pepper, and stir to combine well. Bring to a simmer and cook for 15 minutes. Add in the cream, if using, cook for 10 minutes more at a very low simmer, stirring occasionally. Adjust the seasoning, if needed, and serve garnished with a sprinkle of the parsley and a fresh drizzle of the extra virgin olive oil. Serve with Asiago Crostini.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the oil, garlic, and spices and mix well. Place the bread slices on a parchmentlined baking sheet.nWith a basting brush, coat each piece with the oilspice mixture. Sprinkle each slice with about 1 teaspoon of the shredded cheese.nPlace in the oven and cook until cheese is melted and bread is starting to crisp and darken around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove and let cool before serving.nCook Time 2 hours 10 minutes ., ingredients: [6 large whole heads garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, divided, 1 12 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, divided, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 1 cup heavy cream, if desired, 2 tablespoons minced fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Asiago Crostini, recipe follows, 13 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed, 1 sourdough baguette, sliced into 1inch thick pieces, cut slightly on diagonal, 12 cup shredded Asiago cheese], title: Roasted Garlic Soup, picturelink: PkNssU45SAwQnBtM6GEcLgqYYAzLlby}}