{57600: {instructions: Heat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the cumin seeds and toast, stirring occasionally, about 1 minute transfer to a bowl. Add the garlic and chiles to the skillet. Cook, turning occasionally, until soft and blackened in spots, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a food processor and let cool. Add the cumin seeds, vegetable oil, 14 cup lime juice and the brown sugar and puree until smooth. Season with 1 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper. Transfer to a resealable plastic bag and add the steak, shaking well to coat. Refrigerate, 1 to 4 hours.nSoak the onion in a bowl of cold water. Meanwhile, wipe out the skillet and heat over high heat. Cook the tomatillos, turning, until well charred, about 7 minutes. Transfer to a plate and let cool. Remove the charred husks and roughly chop the flesh. Drain the onion. Wipe out the food processor add the tomatillos, onion, cilantro and the remaining 1 to 2 tablespoons lime juice and puree until smooth. Season with 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper set aside.nMeanwhile, bring the steak to room temperature, about 30 minutes. Preheat a grill to high. Remove the steak from the marinade and shake off any excess. Lightly oil the grill, then grill the steak until charred on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until charred on the other side, 1 to 3 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes.nWarm the tortillas on the grill. Thinly slice the steak against the grain. Double up the tortillas and fill with the steak and tomatillo salsa. Top with cheese and radishes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 2 cloves garlic, 4 serrano chile peppers, halved remove seeds for less heat, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for the grill, Juice of 4 limes about 13 cup, 2 tablespoons packed light brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds skirt steak, cut in half, 12 small white onion, diced, 3 tomatillos in their husks, 34 cup fresh cilantro, 16 corn tortillas, Grated Cotija cheese andor thinly sliced radishes, for topping], title: Steak Tacos with Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: eBtbXXrvJMfgEyZ68mYcOfHhmdPzd2}, 57601: {instructions: Peel the mangoes and cut them into pieces. Place the mango pieces in a mediumsized saucepan with water to cover and cook them over low heat for 10 minutes, or until very tender. When cooked, put the mango through a food mill until you have a thick pulp. Place the pulp in a small bowl, cover it with plastic wrap, and chill it for 1 hour. Meanwhile, whip the cream with an electric mixer or wire whisk, slowly sprinkling in the sugar. When the mango pulp is chilled, slowly fold in the sweetened cream, stirring only enough to make sure that the ingredients are well mixed. Pour the mango cream into individual sherbet glasses, sprinkle each serving with some of the toasted coconut, garnish with mint, and serve., ingredients: [4 large mangoes, 1 cup heavy whlpping cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons freshy toasted Coconut, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Mango Cream, picturelink: null}, 57602: {}, 57603: {instructions: Make the beans: Put the beans in a large pot and add enough cold water to cover by 2 inches bring to a boil and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat, cover and let stand 1 hour, then drain. Stick the whole cloves into the onion halves add to the pot along with the carrots, celery and pancetta. Wrap the thyme, parsley and bay leaves in a piece of cheesecloth, tie with kitchen twine and add to the pot cover with water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to medium, cover and simmer 1 hour. Add 1 teaspoon salt.nNestle the sausage in the beans add water to cover, if necessary. Add the garlic heads, cutside down. Cover and cook until the beans are just tender but still hold their shape, turning the sausage halfway through, 20 to 30 minutes. Uncover and let cool to room temperature cover and refrigerate overnight.nMeanwhile, make the meat: Toss the lamb in a bowl with the sugar, oregano, cinnamon, nutmeg, ground cloves, cayenne, 1 tablespoon each olive oil and salt, and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, cook the lamb until browned, about 3 minutes per side transfer to a plate. Add the pancetta to the pot cook, stirring, until the fat renders, about 2 minutes. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, until lightly golden, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes, wine, tomato paste, porcinis and orange zest, then return the lamb to the pot. Cut out a round of parchment paper and put directly on the surface of the meat. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, then reduce the heat to low, cover with the lid and cook until the lamb is tender, about 2 hours. Adjust the heat as needed to maintain a gentle simmer. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and let cool to room temperature cover and refrigerate overnight.nSkim off any fat from the bean and lamb mixtures. Remove the sausage and garlic heads from the beans. Slice the sausage into pieces and squeeze the garlic cloves from their skins set aside. Discard the herb sachet, carrots, celery and onion halves from the beans. Discard the orange zest from the lamb.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer about half of the beans to a large Dutch oven and top with the lamb just the beans and lamb, not the liquid. Add the sliced sausage and garlic cloves, then the remaining beans. Pour in all the liquid from the lamb mixture. Add enough of the bean cooking liquid to cover, if necessary.nPut the Dutch oven over mediumlow heat and bring the mixture to a simmer, uncovered, about 40 minutes. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Pulse the bread in a food processor to make coarse crumbs. Toss with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Sprinkle on the cassoulet, transfer to the oven and bake until golden brown, about 1 hour, 30 minutes. Let rest 15 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 pound dried great Northern beans, picked over and rinsed, 4 whole cloves, 1 large onion, halved, 4 carrots, halved crosswise, 2 stalks celery, halved crosswise, 14 pound pancetta, diced, 3 sprigs thyme, 3 sprigs parsley, 3 bay leaves, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds sweet Italian sausage, pricked with a fork, 2 heads garlic unpeeled, top 12 inch trimmed, 2 12 pounds boneless leg of lamb or pork shoulder, trimmed and cut into 1 12inch cubes, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound pancetta, diced, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 14ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, crushed, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 12 ounce about 12 cup dried porcini mushrooms, rinsed, 1 wide strip orange zest, 3 cups cubed dayold sourdough bread], title: Cassoulet With Sausage, picturelink: ub5ukOfXEiYHQ8fevG1Asjr9SjrCbUK}, 57604: {instructions: In a Champagne glass, pour equal parts orange juice and rose Champagne., ingredients: [1 bottle rose Champagne or sparkling wine, 1 quart orange juice], title: Napa Sunset Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 57605: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the chicken skinside down and cook until browned and crisp, about 8 minutes. Flip and continue cooking until browned on the other side, about 3 more minutes. Remove to a plate and pour out the drippings.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the garlic and red pepper flakes to the skillet. Cook over mediumhigh heat until the garlic is golden, about 1 minute. Add the wine and scrape up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the tomatoes, chicken broth and u00bd teaspoon salt and bring to a simmer. Add the chicken skinside up and reduce the heat to medium low. Cover and gently simmer until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce is slightly thickened, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the broccolini and cook until crisptender, about 3 minutes drain. Put the ciabatta on a baking sheet and top each slice with a piece of cheese. Broil until the cheese melts, 2 to 3 minutes. Divide the chicken among plates spoon the sauce over the top. Serve with the broccolini and cheese toasts., ingredients: [8 skinon, bonein chicken thighs about 2 12 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 34 to 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 15ounce can cherry tomatoes, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bunch broccolini, trimmed, 4 1inchthick slices ciabatta bread, 2 slices provolone cheese, halved], title: Chicken Arrabbiata, picturelink: OOUasgmgU.eeRaqaleKlr8bqQL0S8YO}, 57606: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCarefully remove the tough core from the cabbage using a sharp knife. Slice the cabbage half into 4 thin wedges. Halve each wedge, leaving you with 8 chunks.nLay a large piece of heavyduty foil on a baking sheet and spray with nonstick spray. Spread the cabbage out in the center, and top with onion. Add butter in four evenly spaced dollops over the onion. Sprinkle with salt, pepper, and paprika. Top with bacon and garlic.nPlace another large piece of foil over the veggies. Fold together and seal all four edges of the two foil pieces, forming a wellsealed packet.nPlace the baking sheet in the oven and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until the veggies are soft.nLet it cool slightly. Using oven mitts, carefully flip the packet over, allowing the butter mixture to coat the veggies, and then return to rightsideup. Cut the packet to release steam before opening it entirely. Careful  steam will be hot. If you like, season with additional salt, pepper, and paprika, to taste. Mmmmm, ingredients: [12 head of green cabbage, 1 small onion, sliced, 2 tablespoons light whipped butter or light buttery spread, Dash salt, Dash black pepper, Dash paprika, 14 cup precooked real crumbled bacon, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic], title: Bonus Recipe: Do the Cabbage Pack, picturelink: iQvb.Hxsydx5WiF0OJleyeo4AkA4RO2}, 57607: {instructions: Special equipment: Heavy cotton gloves, to help protect hands fromheatnPlace the sugar for the frame in a pan, insert a candy thermometer and begin to cook the sugar. It is ready when it reaches 320 degrees F. Have the line drawing ready and enlarged to the size you need. Have 4 heatproof spouted measuring cups in a warm oven, ready for your stained glass sugar.nArrange 4 metal rulers on a silicone baking mat in the shape of a frame the same size as your drawing. Pour the cooked frame sugar inside the frame outline so that it is about 14inch thick. When the sugar has cooled, place the line drawing on the work surface and remove the sugar sheet from the ruler frame and place it over the drawing. Place some Royal Icing into a cornet and use it to trace the outlines on top of the sugar frame.nWhen all of the outlines are drawn, place the ingredients for the stained glass in a pan, this is your second batch of sugar insert a candy thermometer and cook to 320 degrees F, divide the sugar evenly between the heatproof, warm measuring cups. Add a few drops of food color pick colors that will work with your drawing to each cup of sugar and stir with wooden skewers. It is best at this point to use some heavy cotton gloves to protect your hands. Pour 1 of the colors into a cornet and use it to fill in the spaces that you want to be that particular color. Use 1 color at a time. You can reheat the sugar in the microwave as long as it is in the measuring cups but you cannot reheat the sugar when it is in the paper cornet. When all of the spaces on your drawing have been filled to your satisfaction, you are ready to display your stained glass masterpiecenTo make royal icing: Combine the egg white and powdered sugar in a mediumsize mixing bowl and whip with an electric mixer on medium speed until opaque and shiny, about 5 minutes. Add the lemon juice and continue whipping until completely incorporated, about 3 minutes. The lemon juice whitens the royal icing. The royal icing should be light, fluffy, and slightly stiff. You may need to adjust the consistency by adding more egg whites if the icing is too dry or more powdered sugar if it is too wet.nPlace the royal icing in a small piping bag or paper cornet.nYield: 2 cupsnHow to Make a Cornet: From Dessert Circus, Extraordinary Desserts You Can Make At Home by Jacques Torres The Cornet: A cornet is a small piping bag made from parchment paper. It is usually used to make fine decorations.nCut an 8 by 12 by 14 12inch triangle from a sheet of parchment paper. Hold the middle of the long side of the triangle between 2 fingers of 1 hand. Take the tip of the triangle on the short, wide end and roll it toward the other tip of that same end while simultaneously pulling it in an upward motion. The tip of a cone will form where your thumb and finger hold it on the long side.nRelease your grip from the long side, so that you are now holding the 2 corners where they meet. The paper will already resemble a partially formed cone. Roll the remaining tail until it is completely rolled into a cone. There will be 1 point sticking up from the open end. Fold it inside toward the center, and crease the fold. Now you should have a cornet. To close the cornet once it has been filled, fold it away from the seam this will keep the seam from opening. Use a pair of scissors or a sharp paring knife to cut an opening at the tip of the cornet to the desired size., ingredients: [Scant 5 cups or 1 kilo sugar, 1 14 cups or 400 grams corn syrup, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons or 250 grams of water, Scant 5 cups or 1 kilos sugar, 1 14 cups or 400 grams corn syrup, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons or 250 grams water, Cornets, method follows at least 1 cornet per color, Food colors, assorted, Royal icing, recipe follows, 1 large egg white, 1 12 cup powdered sugar, 12 lemon, juiced and strained], title: Sugar Stained Glass, picturelink: null}, 57608: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, cloves and cinnamon. In a large bowl, whisk together the soup and butter until well combined. Stir in the eggs and 12 cup water. Fold in the flour mixture to the tomato soup mixture just until combined.nIn a 12cup muffin tin fitted with paper liners, divide the batter. Bake until the cakes test clean when pierced with a toothpick, about 18 minutes., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 13 cups sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 10.75ounce can tomato soup, 16 tablespoons 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten], title: Tomato Soup Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 57609: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add 2 turns of the pan of olive oil, about 2 tablespoons and the chopped shallots to the pan. Cook shallots in oil a minute or so, add artichoke hearts and toss to heat through. Season artichokes with salt and pepper and combine with parsley and capers. Transfer artichokes to a serving dish.nWipe out pan and return to the heat, raising heat a bit. Season drained and trimmed scallops with salt and pepper. Add 1 turn of olive oil to the very hot pan and immediately place the scallops in the pan. Sear the scallops in a single layer, causing them to caramelize, 2 minutes on each side. Add vermouth to the pan and cook out the alcohol, 1 to 2 minutes. Arrange the scallops in vermouth over top of the artichokes and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 shallot, chopped, 2 14 ounce cans quartered artichoke hearts in water, drained, Salt and pepper, 14 cup parsley leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 16 sea scallops, 12 cup dry vermouth], title: Sea Scallops with Vermouth, picturelink: 5oRzErWHmvxsfehUirhu96pn7l9Uy2G}, 57610: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9inch round cake pan and line the bottom with parchment paper.nIn a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, cream the butter until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and cream well. Add the eggs, vanilla, and salt and continue to mix well, scraping down the bowl with a rubber spatula occasionally. Fold in the sifted flour and pour the batter into the prepared cake pan. Bake until golden brown and firm to the touch in the center, about 25 minutes. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack. Unmold and, using a serrated knife, slice the cake in half horizontally into 2 layers.nTo make Victoria Sponge Sandwiches: Dust your rolling pin and work surface with confectioners sugar, and roll the marzipan into a disk the size of the cake. Using a knife, trim the marzipan to fit the circumference of the cake exactly. Spread the cutsides of the cake layers with raspberry jam and sandwich the marzipan layer in between the jamdressed cake layers. Press all the layers together then cut into wedges, to serve. Dust the wedges liberally with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup plus 1 teaspoon sugar about 4 ounces, 2 eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 1 cup minus 1 tablespoon selfrising flour about 4 ounces, sifted, Confectioners sugar, for rolling, 1 cup raspberry jam, 4 ounces marzipan], title: Victoria Sponge, picturelink: 5fyYIDBqOfC4f6quXhEwrpSuSfeNvS}, 57611: {instructions: For both recipes you prepare as follows. Place all spices and vodkacognac in a glass jar overnight. Strain the liquid. Mix wine, vodkacognac and sugar in a saucepan. Heat very slowly until hot and the sugar has dissolved. Make sure that the brew does not boil. Serve in small cups or mugs with raisins and peeled almonds., ingredients: [1 bottle red wine, 12 cup eau de vie inexpensive cognac, 5 cinnamon sticks broken into pieces, 20 whole cloves, 1 piece ginger, 1 teaspoon crushed cardamom seeds, Rind from one orange, 1 cup sugar, 3 drops vanilla extract, 1 bottle red wine, 34 cup vodka, 3 cinnamon sticks, 10 whole cloves, 1 piece fresh ginger, Rind from one orange, 1 teaspoon seeds, 34 cup sugar], title: GlOeGg, picturelink: null}, 57612: {instructions: Roasting the flavorings: On an ungreased griddle or heavy skillet set over medium, roast the garlic cloves, turning occasionally, until soft they will blacken in spots, about 15 minutes. Cool and peel. While the garlic is roasting, lay the onion out on a small square of foil, set on the griddle and let sear, brown and soften, about 5 minutes on each side. Roast the tomatoes on a baking sheet set 4 inches below a very hot broiler until blackened in spots and soft, about 6 minutes flip and roast the other side. Cool and peel, collecting all the juices with the tomatoes.nThe sauce: Combine all the roasted ingredients in a food processor or blender, along with the pepper, cloves and 14 cup water. Process to a mediumsmooth puree. In a very large skillet, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. When hot enough to make a drip of the puree sizzle noisily, add it all at once. Stir for several minutes as the mixture sears and darkens then reduce the heat to mediumlow and continue to cook, stirring regularly, until very thick, about 5 minutes. A tablespoon at a time, stir in the Chipotle Seasoning Salsa or chopped chipotle, tasting until the thick salsa suits your own penchant for spiciness. Taste, season with salt and remove from the heat.nThe shrimp: Peel and devein the shrimp, leaving the final joint and the tail intact. Return the skillet with the sauce to mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, then slowly stir and turn for about 3 to 4 minutes, until the shrimp are just cooked through. Season with salt if needed. Serve the shrimp with the rice. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [6 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 1 small white onion, sliced 14inch thick, 6 ounces 1 mediumsmall or 2 to 3 plum ripe tomatoes, 34 teaspoon black pepper, preferably freshly ground, 18 teaspoon cloves, preferably freshly ground, 14 cup water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 to 4 tablespoons Essential Sweet and Smoking Chipotle Seasoning Salsa or 2 to 4 tablespoons very finely chopped canned chipotle chiles, drained before chopping, Salt, about 12 teaspoon, 2 pounds about 50 mediumlarge shrimp, 3 cups cooked longgrain white rice, warm, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Ricks Chipotle Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 57613: {instructions: Slice the peaches and place n a large mixing bowl. Toss the peach slices with the remaining ingredients. Let marinate for 1 hour and serve., ingredients: [6 peaches, halved, pits removed, 14 cup honey, 2 oranges, juiced, 1 cup vodka, 12 cup freshly chopped mint leaves, Pinch salt], title: Marinated Peaches, picturelink: null}, 57614: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Heat the olive oil over a low flame in a soup pot and add the halved garlic cloves. Cook slowly, stirring occasionally until oil is well flavored and garlic is mushy, but has no color, about 5 minutes. Remove and discard the garlic. Pour about half the oil over the diced bread in a bowl and toss well to coat. Sprinkle well with salt and pepper and spread out on a cookie sheet. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until golden brown and crisp through, and set aside.nPour the broth into the pot with the remaining garlicinfused oil and heat to simmering. Lightly beat eggs again and, stirring constantly in a circular motion, add them to the broth. Add epazote and simmer until eggs are set, about 3 more minutes. Divide croutons among 6 warm soup bowls and ladle egg drop broth into each bowl. Garnish with a squeeze of lime and drop the lime wedge in the bowl. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mild flavored olive oil, 9 cloves garlic, halved, 12 loaf crusty French bread cut into 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups richly flavored chicken broth, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped epazote leaves, 1 lime, cut into 6 wedges], title: Garlic Soup, picturelink: null}, 57615: {instructions: Place the pancetta in a cold, large, heavybottomed soup pot. Bring to medium heat and slowly render the pancetta, stirring occasionally and making sure it does not burn, until very crispy. Set the pancetta aside to drain and reserve the fat in the pot.nAdd 3 test kernels to the pot and cover. Once they pop, add the rest of the kernels and partially cover to let out steam. Once they start popping aggressively, shake the pot to keep things moving. Make sure to not keep the cover completely sealed always let it vent to insure maximum texture. Once the popping frequency slows down, take it off the heat.nIn a small food processor, blend the salt and sugar to create a popcorn dust.nAdd the butter to the popcorn and stir, then add the pancetta, cheese and a couple pinches of the popcorn dust to taste. Shake vigorously to mix. Serve, ingredients: [1 pound thicksliced 14 inch pancetta, diced, 34 cup goodquality popcorn kernels, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 1 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano], title: Pancetta And Parm Popcorn, picturelink: 7mVp1PwjzvZKMqKRLwS2AXvklu6Ylri}, 57616: {instructions: In a deep pot, saute garlic and onion in oil for 2 or 3 minutes. Add broth and bring liquid to a boil. As you slice potatoes, add them carefully to the broth. Cook potatoes 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. The potatoes will begin to break up and thicken broth as the soup cooks. Stir in spinach in bunches as it wilts into soup. Season soup with nutmeg, salt and pepper, to your taste. Stir in tomatoes and heat through, 1 or 2 minutes. Remove pot from the stove to a trivet. Stir grated cheese into your soup and serve., ingredients: [3 cloves crushed or finely chopped garlic, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 quarts chicken broth, 3 pounds all purpose potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 pound fresh triple washed spinach, stems picked and coarsely chopped, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, grated or ground, Salt and pepper, 1 28ounce can chunkystyle crushed tomatoes or diced tomatoes in puree, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano or Romano], title: Potato, Spinach and Tomato Soup, picturelink: JJiMuEqJZ.fGjMnByUm3xt3nhpt7C8i}, 57617: {instructions: In a large skillet or wok, heat 1 tablespoon of oil over high heat. Add the beef and stirfry for about 3 minutes. Remove beef and reserve. To the same wok, add the remaining oil and saute the onions, garlic, and ginger. Add the stirfry vegetable medley, mushrooms, water chestnuts, and red bell peppers. Stirfry for about 3 minutes and return the beef to the wok. Stirring constantly, add the oyster sauce and crushed red pepper flakes. In a small bowl, whisk the stirfry seasoning mix with 18 cup water until combined. Add the seasoning mixture to the wok and stir for another 3 minutes. Serve with steamed instant white rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 pound boneless top sirloin steak, thinly sliced into bitesize pieces, 12 cup sliced onion, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 12ounce bag fresh mixed vegetables stirfry medley, 1 6ounce pack sliced mushrooms, 1 8ounce can water chestnuts, 1 red bell pepper, sliced into strips, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 pack stirfry seasoning mix, Steamed instant white rice, for serving], title: Beef and Vegetable Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 57618: {instructions: Line a 9 or 10inch pie dish with the pate brisee. Transfer to refrigerator to chill freeze any remaining pastry. Cut the squash in half and remove the seeds. Put a rack in a saucepan, and add water to within 1 inch of the rack. Set the squash halves on the rack, cutsides up, and bring the water to a boil. Cover the pan, and steam the squash for 20 to 25 minutes, or until it is forktender. If necessary, add more boiling water to the pan as it evaporates.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the squash from the pan. When the flesh is cool enough to handle, scoop it out with a spoon discard the shells. Using a food processor, blender, or food mill, or by pressing it through a metal sieve, puree the squash. You should have about 2 12 cups. Put the puree in a large bowl. Using a wooden spoon, beat the cinnamon, ginger, salt, honey, and molasses into it. In a separate bowl, whisk together the eggs and cream, and blend into the squash mixture. Put the pie dish on a baking sheet, and pour in filling until its 34 full. Pour the remaining filling into a small pitcher. Put the pie on the center shelf of the oven, and pour in reserved filling until full. This method avoids the possibility of spilling the pie while you are transferring it to the oven. Bake the pie for 10 minutes. Then lower the temperature to 325 degrees F and bake for an additional 45 minutes, or until the center of the filling is firm when the baking sheet is moved gently back and forth. Serve warm, at room temperature, or chilled.nPut the flour, salt, and sugar in the bowl of a food processor. All ingredients should be cold. Add the pieces of butter, and process for approximately 10 seconds, or just until the mixture resembles coarse meal. To mix by hand, combine the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Using a pastry blender or 2 table knives, cut in the butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add 14 to 12 cup ice water, drop by drop, through the feed tube with the machine running or into the bowl if mixing by hand, just until the dough holds together without being wet or sticky do not process more than 30 seconds. Test the dough at this point by squeezing a small amount together. If it is crumbly, add a bit more water. Turn the dough out onto a large piece of plastic wrap. Grasping the ends of the plastic wrap with your hands, press the dough into a flat circle with your fists. This makes rolling easier than if the pastry is chilled as a ball. Wrap the dough in the plastic, and chill for at least 1 hour. Lightly butter or spray with vegetable cooking spray the pie plates or tart pans you will be using. On a lightly floured board, roll out the pastry to a thickness of 18inch. Place the pastry in a plate, pan or in a pastry ring that has been set on a parchmentlined baking sheet, and press it into the bottom edges and along the sides. Trim the pastry using scissors or a sharp paring knife, or by rolling a rolling pin across the top of the pan. Cutting the pastry an inch or so higher than the edge of the tart pan and tucking this overhang to the inside of the pan will give extra height and reinforcement. Crimp or decorate the edges of the pastry, if desired. Chill the pastrylined pan until ready to use. Unbaked pastry shells can be refrigerated, wrapped in plastic, for up to 1 day for longer storage, they can be frozen.nYield: 2 8 to 10inch tarts or singlecrust pies, 1 8 to 10inch doublecrust pie, or 12 2 12 to 3inch tartlets, ingredients: [Pate Brisee, recipe follows, 1 butternut squash, about 2 pounds, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup honey, 12 cup molasses, 5 large eggs, 34 cup heavy cream, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar optional, 1 cup 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Honey Squash Pie, picturelink: null}, 57619: {instructions: Fill a large pot or casserole with water and bring it to the boil over moderately high heat. Add salt and the farfalle and cook pasta according to package directions.nMeanwhile, in a large nonstick skillet set over moderately high heat, warm the oil until hot. Add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add the peppers, garlic, oregano, lemon pepper, bay leaf, dried red pepper flakes and salt, and cook the mixture, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes more. Add 1 12 to 2 cups hot water from pasta pot and the bouillon cube to the onion pepper mixture and simmer the sauce, stirring occasionally, for 8 to 10 minutes more, or until sauce is flavorful. Discard the bay leaf.nDrain pasta and transfer to a large bowl. Add the sauce and toss to combine. Serve with freshly grated Parmesan and crusty Italian bread., ingredients: [1 pound farfalle bowtie pasta, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 onion, sliced thin, 2 each green, red and yellow peppers, thinly sliced, 2 large cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 teaspoon lemon pepper, 1 bay leaf, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or to taste, Salt, to taste, 1 chicken bouillon cube, crumbled, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Italian bread], title: Fiery Farfalle, picturelink: null}, 57620: {instructions: In a cocktail shaker add ice and vermouth, strain off. Add gin and stir. Pour into frozen martini glass. Garnish with olives., ingredients: [Ice, Splash Boisserie Vermouth, 3 ounces Boodles gin, Olives], title: Martini, picturelink: null}, 57621: {instructions: Divide ribs between two large, heavy, sealable plastic bags.nIn a bowl, stir together remaining ingredients and pepper, to taste, and pour over ribs. Seal bags, pressing out excess air. Marinate ribs, chilled, turning bags occasionally, overnight.nPreheat oven to 275 degrees F.nTransfer ribs and marinade to a roasting pan large enough to hold ribs in layer and roast ribs, covered, turning occasionally, for 4 hours.nRibs may be made 2 days ahead, cooled, uncovered, and chilled, covered. Reheat ribs in a preheated 375 degrees F oven until hot, about 12 minutes., ingredients: [4 pounds baby back pork ribs, cut into individual ribs, 6 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 1 12 cups dry red wine, 12 cup water, 2 tablespoons sweet paprika, 3 tablespoons Sherry vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons firmly packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: PaprikaGlazed Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 57622: {instructions: Pour 1 12 cups boiling water mixed with 18 teaspoon of the salt over the couscous in a small bowl. Cover well and set aside.nTo make the pesto: Combine the garlic, basil, olive oil, remaining 18 teaspoon salt, and pepper in a blender. Blend well until smooth. Stir in the cheese.nToast the walnuts in a small heavy dry skillet over medium heat, stirring constantly, until aromatic, watching closely to prevent burning, about 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside.nTo assemble: Heat the tortillas, one at a time, directly on a gas flame, on a grill, or in a hot skillet, turning frequently, until hot and pliable, about 5 to 15 seconds each. Or heat, stacked between 2 damp paper towels, in the microwave for about 10 seconds per tortilla. Distribute 2 tablespoons pesto, 12 scant cup couscous, 34 to 1 cup chicken, and a quarter of the walnuts, sundried tomatoes, and peppers evenly over tortilla, leaving a 1inch border. Roll up into a wrap. Complete the wraps with the remaining ingredients. Or if you prefer, prepare all at once, assemblyline style. Cut in half on the bias., ingredients: [14 teaspoon salt or more to taste, 1 cup plain couscous, 1 garlic clove, peeled, 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 18 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 13 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 4 large burritosize flour tortillas, 12 ounces shredded cooked chicken 3 to 4 cups, 16 sundried tomato halves packed in oil, drained and coarsely chopped, 1 yellow bell pepper, cored, seeded, and diced], title: Pesto Chicken Wrap with SunDried Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 57623: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the gelatin and boiling water in a medium bowl until the gelatin is dissolved, about 2 minutes. Refrigerate until lukewarm, about 25 minutes. Stir in the Prosecco. Cover and refrigerate until the gelatin thickens but does not set, stirring occasionally, about 1 hour. Stir in the raspberries bubbles will form in the gelatin mixture. Divide the gelatin among 6 Champagne flutes or individual dessert bowls. Cover and refrigerate until the gelatin is set, at least 2 hours and up to 2 days.nDollop the mascarpone cheese atop each serving, then sprinkle the walnuts over and serve., ingredients: [1 6ounce package raspberryflavored gelatin, 1 cup boiling water, 2 cups Prosecco or other sparkling wine, chilled, 1 12 cups frozen raspberries, not thawed, 13 cup mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped], title: Prosecco and Fruit Gelatin, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 57624: {instructions: For the toasted ciabatta: Drizzle the cut sides of the ciabatta with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Put on a baking sheet cutside up and bake until lightly golden brown, about 15 minutes. For the pesto: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the jalapenos in a few tablespoons of canola oil and sprinkle with salt. Roast in an even layer on a baking sheet until soft and the skin is blistered. Transfer to a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let sit for 15 minutes, and then remove the stems and seeds. Combine the roasted jalapenos, parsley, Parmesan, pine nuts, garlic and some salt and pepper in a food processor and process until coarsely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil through the feed tube until smooth. If the mixture is too thick, add a few more teaspoons of oil and pulse. Transfer to a bowl. For the scrambled eggs: Heat the olive oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Cook the sopressata and the onions until the sopressata is crisp and the onions have softened, about 5 minutes. Whisk the eggs in a bowl until light and fluffy and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture into the pan with the onions and sopressata and cook, stirring constantly until soft curds form. Right before you pull the pan off the heat, when the eggs are almost done but not quite, add the provolone and stir for a few seconds to melt. To serve, mound the eggs on the top of the toasted ciabatta halves. Top with parsley leave, and cut on a slight angle into 8 large slices. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small ciabatta or 12 large ciabatta, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and black pepper, 8 jalapenos, Canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 14 cups tightly packed fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, One 6ounce piece sopressata, cut into small dice, 1 small red onion, finely diced, 9 large eggs, 6 ounces provolone, cut into small dice, room temperature, Parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Calabrian Scrambled Eggs with Jalapeno Pesto Bruschetta, picturelink: usKhfidByi1EKt5b.2ekxGz6Jbtufe}, 57625: {instructions: Place all ingredients in heavy saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and cook stirring occasionally for 10 minutes until thick and shiny.nLet cool thoroughly, then store in airtight container in refrigerator for up to one week.nThis is great served alongside roast pork, turkey or ham.nShelf Life: 1 week, refrigerated, ingredients: [2 cups California red grapes, picked from stem and rinsed, 1 each 12 oz. package Cranberries, fresh or frozen, 1 each orange juiced and zested, 12 cup sugar], title: Cranberry Grape Relish, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 57626: {instructions: Heat roasting pan over medium heat. When hot, add veal and cover with stock. Poach, stirring and skimming occasionally.nMeanwhile, melt salted butter in a saucepan over low heat. Stir in 3 tablespoons flour. Increase heat and cook roux for 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat and gradually add wine and 1 cup of the veal liquid. Blend well and pour over veal.nIn a small pan, cook mushrooms in clarified butter over low heat. Add to veal. Heat veal until boiling, then reduce heat to medium and cook for 18 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F. Roll out puff pastry on lightly floured board to 18inch thickness. Grease the underside of an upturned, medium ovenproof bowl. Drape dough over bowl and press down to smooth creases. Trim off excess dough and make crisscross cuts lightly over pastry surface, careful not to cut through. Brush with egg yolk. Place on baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes.nAdd brandy and pimento to cooked veal. Carefully blend in cream, then the shrimp. Add parsley and truffles just before serving.nTo serve, pour onto platter and cover with pastry dome., ingredients: [1 12 pounds veal tenderloin, trimmed, halved, and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 cups veal stock, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 3 tablespoons flour, sifted, plus more for dusting, 8 ounces white wine, 4 ounces mushrooms, halved or quartered depending on size, 18 cup clarified butter, 1 13ounce package puff pastry, defrosted in refrigerator, 1 egg yolk, beaten, 14 cup brandy, 4 ounces pimento, 14 cup whipped cream, 3 ounces tiny shrimp, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley, 2 black truffles, washed, dried, and finely chopped], title: The Veal Thing, picturelink: null}, 57627: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: an enameled castiron Dutch ovennPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, saute the shallots in the butter over medium heat until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add in the clementine zest and juice, cranberry, brown sugar and rosemary. Simmer until thick, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.nSeason the game hens liberally with salt and pepper. Using a basting brush, paint each bird entirely with the glaze. Cover the wing tips with foil to keep them from blackening too much.nPlace the glazed birds in an enameled castiron Dutch oven. Roast for 20 minutes, and then reglaze the birds. Check after 15 more minutes if the sugars in the glaze are turning too brown, lightly tent the Dutch oven with foil to protect the skins. Baste again after 45 more minutes, then check with an instantread thermometer after another 5 minutes the thighs must register at 165 degrees F, the breasts at 170. Let rest for 10 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon butter, Zest of 2 clementines plus 1 cup clementine juice, 12 cup jarred cranberry sauce, 1 packed tablespoon brown sugar, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 4 Cornish game hens, rinsed and dried, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Clementine and Cranberry Glazed Cornish Game Hens, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 57628: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the vinaigrette: Combine the vinegar, honey and mustard in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Add salt and pepper to taste and pulse a few times to incorporate.nFor the quinoa salad: Bring the salted water or vegetable stock to a boil and add the thyme. Stir in the quinoa, bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low, cover and simmer until cooked through, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork.nPreheat the grill. Brush the asparagus with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on all sides until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the grill and cut into 12inch pieces.nTransfer the quinoa to a large bowl, fold in the asparagus, olives, goat cheese, basil and parsley. Add just enough vinaigrette to moisten the salad dont make it too wet. Transfer to a platter and drizzle with more of the vinaigrette., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon mustard, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups salted water or vegetable stock, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 cups quinoa, 16 spears asparagus, trimmed, Olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup pitted nicoise olives, 4 ounces aged goat cheese, shaved, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves], title: Quinoa Salad with Asparagus, Goat Cheese and Black Olives, picturelink: ld0vfNWtpgUWhwDZesrGzoGn3fvVC}, 57629: {instructions: Cut the pork into 4 pieces and place in a deep pot. Add the water to the pot, cover, and cook over mediumhigh heat until the meat is tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove the pork from the pot and chop into bitesized pieces.nWarm the flour or corn tortillas. Spread some of the beans on each tortilla and top with some of the pork. Squeeze a wedge of lime over each tortilla. Add the cilantro, onion, salsa, and avocado., ingredients: [1 3 pound boneless pork butt, 1 cup water, Flour or corn tortillas, 2 cups refried beans, warmed, 1 lime, cut into 6 wedges, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 cup salsa, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted, and sliced], title: Carnitas, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 57630: {instructions: Special equipment: a stovetop grill or grill pannPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSeed and julienne the bell peppers and saute in 2 tablespoons olive oil over medium heat for about 10 minutes. Cut avocados in half lengthwise and remove the seeds and skin. Rub the avocado halves with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the halves on both sides for about 2 minutes each side. Remove from the grill and place on a baking sheet. Fill the center of each avocado half with Bell Pepper Salsa and top with 1ounce of goat cheese. Bake approximately 5 minutes or until cheese is melted.nOn each plate, arrange sauteed bell peppers and place an avocado half among them. Garnish with cilantro.nStem and seed peppers. Dice all ingredients very fine. Mix in bowl with vinegar and oil, salt and freshly ground black pepper., ingredients: [1 green bell pepper, 1 red bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, Olive oil, 4 avocados, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Bell Pepper Salsa, recipe follows, 8 ounces soft goat cheese, Cilantro, for garnish, 1 red bell pepper, 1 green bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, 1 medium tomato, 1 yellow hot chile, 4 green onions, 2 garlic cloves, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon sherry wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon walnut oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Avocado with Goat Cheese and Bell Peppers, picturelink: null}, 57631: {instructions: Combine the blackeyed peas, onions, peppers and 12 of the cilantro in a large serving bowl.nAdd the lime juice, oil, garlic, honey, salt and cumin to blender and blend until emulsified. Add the dressing to the pea mixture and toss gently. Refrigerate overnight.nGarnish the salad with the remaining cilantro and serve, cold, with croustades on the side., ingredients: [3 cans blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 2 large onions, diced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 2 diced jalapeno peppers, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 12 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 1 12 cups salad oil, 1ounce minced garlic, 2 ounces honey, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 French baguette loaf, cut into croustades], title: Cajun Caviar Marinated Salad, picturelink: null}, 57632: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the bread cubes with 1 tablespoon oil and spread evenly in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until the cubes begin to turn light golden around the edges, 10 to 12 minutes do not overbrown as the bread cubes will continue to brown when baked atop the sausage in the dish. Remove from the oven and set aside.nHeat the remaining oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and sausage. Break up the sausage with a wooden spoon and cook until the sausage has cooked through and the onion is soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the spinach and cook, stirring frequently, until wilted, about 2 minutes. Add the sundried tomatoes and basil.nSeason with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Spread the mixture evenly into a 13by9by2inch glass baking dish or ceramic baking dish. Sprinkle the goat cheese on the mixture and arrange the bread cubes on top. Make 6 slight indentations in the mixture, spacing apart. Cover and chill. This can be prepared 2 hours ahead.nCrack 1 egg into each indentation, making sure to keep the yolks intact. Sprinkle the eggs lightly with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nBake until the egg whites are set but yolks are still runny, about 15 minutes or 18 minutes for a fully cooked yolk., ingredients: [12 small loaf countrystyle bread, cut into 12 to1inch cubes about 1 12 cups, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 pound sweet Italian turkey sausage, casings removed, One 10 to12ounce package fresh baby spinach, drained, One 6.5ounce jar oilpacked sundried tomatoes, drained and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, One 5ounce log goat cheese, coarsely crumbled about 1 12 cups, 6 large eggs], title: Italian Sausage and Egg Bake, picturelink: y5Znbi6aUgDqmWjPr36spnh0YJW1PCu}, 57633: {instructions: Start with cold heavy cream and mix on high speed.nAfter about 3 minutes, youll have whipped cream continue mixing.nAfter about 6 more minutes, the butter will clump and separate from the liquid. Strain and wrap the butter in cheesecloth, then squeeze out the liquid.nTip: To make perfect rounds, shape flavored butter into a log using parchment paper wrap and chill, then slice.nPumpkinnMash 14 cup canned pure pumpkin, 1 stick softened butter, 14 teaspoon orange zest, 12 teaspoon each sugar and pumpkin pie spice, and a pinch of salt.nSpiced CranberrynSimmer 12 cup cranberries with 1 tablespoon water, 14 cup sugar, 1 strip lemon zest, 1 cinnamon stick and 1 clove, 6 to 8 minutes. Discard the zest, cinnamon and clove let cool. Pulse in a food processor with 1 stick softened butter and a pinch of salt.nBourbonRaisinnMicrowave 12 cup raisins with 1 tablespoon bourbon, covered, 45 seconds let cool. Pulse in a food processor with 1 stick softened butter, 1 tablespoon chopped chives and a pinch of salt.nSage Brown ButternMelt 1 stick butter over medium heat and cook until browned. Add 14 cup sage and fry 30 seconds drain on paper towels, then chop. Let the brown butter cool mash with 1 stick softened butter, the sage and a pinch of salt.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Make Your Own Butter, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 57634: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients together except the sweet rice. Keep the mixture in the refrigerator until ready to use, so the meatballs will hold their shape. Take 1 12 heaping tablespoons of the meat mixture and quickly form into a ball. The balls should be about the size of a golf ball. Put one tablespoon of sweet rice in a strainer. By making left, right, front and back motions with the strainer, roll the meatball in the strainer until it is evenly coated with the rice. Move the strainer in circular motions a few times if the shape of the meatball is not even enough. Put the coated meatballs in a steamer, fill the bottom pot half full and steam for 15 minutes, starting the timer only after the water in the pot has come to a boil on high heat., ingredients: [2 cups sweet rice cover with water and let it soak overnight, 1 pound lean ground pork, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped scallion, 2 tablespoons diced water chestnuts, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 egg], title: Sweet Rice Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 57635: {instructions: Add Smirnoff Green Apple Flavored Vodka, sour mix and apple juice. Shake with ice and strain into a prechilled martini glass. Garnish with an apple slice., ingredients: [1 oz. Smirnoff Green Apple Flavored Vodka, 1 oz. apple juice, 0.5 oz. sour mix, 1 slices apple], title: Smirnoff Green Apple Martini, picturelink: null}, 57636: {instructions: Cover dried tomatoes with water and bring to a simmer. Turn off heat. Let cool down in liquid to plump up tomatoes. Drain well and set in food processor with garlic and olive oil Puree until you have a smooth mixture but one which still has texture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Incorporate additions if you wish, or leave that to last minute. Store as is or incorporate additions in the freezer or transfer to a jar and cover the top with a film of olive oil., ingredients: [12 dried sundried tomatoes, Water to cover, 2 garlic cloves, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 dozen small oil or saltcured black olives, pitted and chopped, Anchovies, minced or anchovy paste, Capers, drained and roughly chopped, Dried or fresh herbs like thyme, rosemary or basil], title: SunDried Tomato Puree, picturelink: null}, 57637: {instructions: Whisk all ingredients in a bowl until smooth.nDressing can be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons seasoned rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons water, 2 tablespoons red or white miso fermented soybean paste, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 4 teaspoons wellstirred tahini, or nerigoma Japanese sesame paste, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Miso Sesame Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 57638: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the frozen berries, sugar, cornstarch and 12 cup of the streusel topping in a medium mixing bowl. Divide the mixture evenly between 4 8ounce coffee mugs. Top each mug with 12 cup of the streusel topping.nPut the ramekins on a half sheet pan and bake on the middle rack of the oven until the fruit is bubbling and the topping is browned, about 30 to 35 minutes. Cool the crisps for 15 minutes before serving.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon and almonds in a medium mixing bowl.nAdd the butter and use your fingers to lightly knead it into the dry ingredients until the mixture is crumbly and the butter is well incorporated.nUse to top muffins, quick breads, crisps or ice cream. Store in an airtight container, in the refrigerator, for up to 1 month.nYield: about 3 cups, ingredients: [12 ounces frozen berries, blueberries or raspberries, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 12 cups streusel topping, recipe follows, 4 12 ounces allpurpose flour, 6 ounces light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, clove, nutmeg, andor allspice, 6 ounces almonds, toasted and chopped, 3 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature], title: Berry Crisps with Streusel, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 57639: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F butter a shallow 3quart baking dish. Melt 6 tablespoons butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the mustard greens and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 3 minutes. Stir in the ham, thyme and sage. Add the broth, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper bring to a simmer, then remove from the heat.nWhisk the eggs in a large bowl. Add the bread cubes and hambroth mixture and stir until combined. Transfer the stuffing to the prepared baking dish. Cut the remaining 2 tablespoons butter into small cubes and scatter evenly over the stuffing. Cover with foil and bake 30 minutes, then uncover and bake until golden, 20 to 30 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 2 sweet onions, chopped, 4 stalks celery, chopped, 1 small bunch mustard greens, stemmed and chopped about 8 cups, 1 pound tasso ham or ham steak, cut into u00bdinch cubes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 3 cups lowsodium turkey or chicken broth, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large eggs, 8 cups 12inch stale cornbread cubes preferably not sweet 12 ounces, 8 cups 12inch stale country white bread cubes 12 ounces], title: Cornbread Stuffing with Ham, picturelink: 8uFF651Quzs551AzROlmU9ujzffNENW}, 57640: {instructions: Peel the turnips, chop into 12inch pieces and add to a 2quart pot. Peel the potato, quarter it, cut the quarters into 12inch wedges and add to the pot. Cover with cold water, add 1 tablespoon salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, bring to a simmer and cook until the vegetables are tender when pierced with a fork, about 20 minutes.nStrain the vegetables in a colander. Add them to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment or use a handheld mixer and whip until blended. Add the sour cream and mustard and mix on medium speed until the mixture is smooth and creamy. Add salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds medium turnips 4 or 5 turnips, 1 russet potato about 8 ounces, Kosher salt, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon wholegrain mustard, Freshly ground black pepper], title: TurnipRusset Mash, picturelink: 9TZAz4o.KWlZhGjzHrzrReaFuMgV54i}, 57641: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Prepare 2 cupcake pans with paper liners.nPuree the spinach to measure 1 cup. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Blend the sugar and eggs until creamy in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, add then add the oil, lemon juice, vanilla and spinach puree and blend to combine. Slowly add the dry ingredients and mix for 30 more seconds.nBake for 14 minutes, then let cool completely.nFor the tomato marmalade: Bring a pot of water to a boil. Add the tomatoes and boil until the skin starts coming off, about 2 minutes, then plunge into a cold water bath. Peel, seed and dice the tomatoes. Transfer to a saucepan with the sugar, salt, cloves and cinnamon and cook until tender and syrupy, then let cool.nFor the buttercream frosting: Beat the cream cheese in the bowl of a stand mixer using the paddle attachment until soft. Add the white chocolate and blend to combine, then mix in the butter, lemon juice and salt.nFor assembly: Use a melon baller to remove the center of each cupcake and fill with tomato marmalade. Pipe the tops with the buttercream frosting and garnish with more tomato marmalade., ingredients: [1 34 cups fresh organic spinach, 2 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 3 organic eggs, 34 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons organic lemon juice, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 8 medium organic plum tomatoes, 34 cup white sugar, Pinch salt, 2 organic whole cloves, 1 organic cinnamon stick, 1 pound 2 ounces organic cream cheese, 13 12 ounces white chocolate, melted, 9 ounces organic unsalted butter, soft, 1 14 ounces organic lemon juice, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Spinach Olive Oil Cupcake, picturelink: AzCR50CtyRJjxkhnO9cI97Mf1Eui1a}, 57642: {instructions: In a rectangular dish, large enough to hold the 2 duck halves, mix the marinade ingredients together. Liberally rub the duck on all sides and inside the cavity with the mixture. Cover and place in the refrigerator for 4 hours to marinate.nPrepare a fryer filled with coconut or peanut oil, preheat to 225 degree F. Wipe off all the mixture and braise the duck in the oil. Duck should be completely submerged. Remove the duck after 1 hour, it should be fully cooked. Heat the fryer to 400 degree F oven degrees and fry the duck again to color and crisp up.nOn a large oval platter, place a large mound of the Root Vegetable Mash in the center. Place duck on top and garnish with Warm Exotic Fruit Salsa and Sambal Oil.nIn a large stockpot, add the root vegetables and garlic. Top with cold water and bring to a boil. Slowly boil until the pieces are fully cooked and a knife can easily pierce the pieces.nDrain well, dry out the stock pot, and place vegetables back in. Meanwhile, in a saucepot, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter and sweat the scallions. Add the cream and reduce by 50 percent, about 5 minutes. Add the cream to the pot and mash by hand. Add the butter, season with salt and pepper, and check for flavor.nIn a saute pan on high heat, coated lightly with oil, saute the onions, ginger, chile, and lemongrass until soft. Add the fruit and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and check for flavor.nMix all together., ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pound duck, halved lengthwise, washed and dried, 1 cup kosher salt, 1 cup ground palm sugar, 10 shallots, halved and sliced, 5 cloves of garlic, minced, 5 kaffir lime leaves, 116 inch ribbon, 3 stalks lemongrass, white part only, minced, 2 tablespoons, ginger, minced, 6 Thai bird chiles, minced, 2 tablespoons coarse ground black Indonesian peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarse ground coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons coarse ground fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons Thai or Vietnamese fish sauce, 1 bunch cilantro, 2 quarts coconut oil or peanut oil, or a mixture of both, Root Vegetable Mash, recipe follows, Warm Exotic Fruit Salsa, recipe follows, Sambal Oil, recipe follows, 1 12 pounds total taro, potatoes, cassava, yams, and other root vegetables, peeled and cut into 2inch cubes the cassava should be cut into 3inch cubes because it cooks more quickly, 12 cloves garlic, peeled, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 cup sliced scallions, 1 cup cream, Salt and black pepper, 1 medium onion, peeled and cut into 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 Thai bird chile, minced, 1 tablespoon minced lemongrass, white part only, 1 pineapple, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch dice, 1 mango, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch dice, 1 papaya, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch dice, Grapeseed oil, to cook, Salt and black pepper, 3 tablespoons sambal oelek, 18 cup coconut or peanut oil, 1 teaspoon naturally brewed soy sauce, 14 cup sliced scallions], title: Balinese Duck Confit with Root Vegetable Mash and Warm Exotic Fruit Salsa, picturelink: null}, 57643: {instructions: Heat soy milk and nondairy topping with vanilla bean. Allow to steep, remove bean, scrape seeds and add back to milk. Add pumpkin puree.nCombine sugar and egg whites. Temper over low flame and add back to milk mixture. Cook mixture, stirring constantly until thick. Place in freezer, stirring until mixture hardens, then freeze overnight.nServe with whipped nondairy topping and sugarless candy garnish., ingredients: [1 pint soy milk, 1 pint nondairy whipped topping, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 cup pureed canned pumpkin, 1 cup sugar substitute, 8 egg whites], title: Pumpkin Tartuffo Sundae, picturelink: null}, 57644: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the dough into 4 equal parts. Dust a board with the flour and roll each ball of dough into roughly a 6inch round. Heat the oil in a medium skillet set over medium heat, about 3 minutes to get it hot. Add one of the dough rounds to the hot pan. When the dough begins to bubble on the top and the bottom is golden brown, flip to cook the other side, 2 minutes per side. Remove the crust from the pan to a plate and sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the ParmigianoReggiano evenly over the whole surface. Sprinkle with some of the lemon zest and a few of the thyme leaves. Drape 4 slices of the mortadella over the pizza. Repeat with the remaining pizza dough, and then serve., ingredients: [One 12ounce ball pizza dough, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 teaspoon lemon zest 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 16 thin slices mortadella], title: Pizza Bianca, picturelink: eriDkF6ngV6Fy3C8iR2Juzam44oPkO}, 57645: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a pot and cover with the clam juice. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the potatoes are fork tender, about 20 minutes. Remove the potatoes with a slotted spoon and place in a bowl. To the cooking liquid, add the onion and bay leaf bring to a simmer for 3 minutes. While the potatoes are still hot, mash with a hand masher and set aside. Add the cod to the simmering broth and cook until the fish is opaque, about 3 minutes. Remove the fish with a slotted spoon and add to the mashed potatoes.nAdd the eggs, cilantro, hot sauce, and salt to the fish and potato mixture. Mix until well combined. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until completely cooled and firm, at least 4 hours or preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. Spread the bread crumbs on a plate.nUsing an ice cream scoop, roll the chilled fish and potato mixture into 2inch balls. Then roll each ball in bread crumbs to coat completely. Put the codfish balls on the prepared pan and spray the tops lightly with nonstick cooking spray, this will make them really crispy. Bake until the codfish balls are nicely browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Put the codfish balls on a platter and garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes about 2 to 3 medium, peeled and cut into chunks, 3 cups clam juice or fish or shrimp bouillon, 1 medium yellow onion, quartered, 1 bay leaf, 1 pound cod fillets, cut into large chunks, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 12 teaspoons green hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup seasoned dry bread crumbs], title: Brazilian Codfish Balls, picturelink: TjHr4X1ctQ.k4OS.5CzG0hnD1P0LHhu}, 57646: {instructions: Heat the Muu Waan Sweet Pork in microwave for 1 minute 15 seconds in shallow cambro or another microwavable dish. Put a scoop of rice on a medium oval plate. Put the cabbage on 1 end of the oval and put the Papaya Pok Pok salad next to or on top of the cabbage. Put Muu Waan Sweet Pork on top of the rice in a strip and garnish with shallots and cilantro. Repeat with remaining ingredients.nClean the excess fat and gristle from the pork butt and cut it into 1inch thick pieces. Cut along the grain of meat so that long strands will form when the meat is shredded. Marinate the pork pieces in sweet soy. Put the pork in a rondeau, or another round straightwalled pan. Add the remaining ingredients and bring to a boil over medium heat. Lower the heat, cover the pot and cook slowly until pork is almost tender. Turn the heat to high and reduce the liquid until relatively dry, leaving more of a glaze than a liquid. Roughly shred the pork with a stiff whisk and spatula. Do not wait until pork is already falling apart to reduce the liquid. This will produce a dry and tough product. If the pork is accidentally cooked all the way before reducing the liquid, remove the meat from liquid and reduce separately, then return the meat to the pot.nAdjust water amount according to the newness of the rice if the rice is newer then less water will be required. In a rice cooker, combine the water, coconut milk or coconut cream, sugar and salt and mix until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Add the drained rice, and mix thoroughly, making sure the rice is level in the cooker. Cook the rice according to the cooker instructions.nFresh Coconut Milk: Thaw grated coconut. Remove the coconut from the bags, and add to a large bowl or cambro container. Add 3 cups water per 16ounce bag of grated coconut. Allow to sit until the water is absorbed, about 12 hour. Press the coconut twice through a fine strainer, using the milk from the first pressing to moisten the coconut again, then strain for the last time.nSmash the chiles, garlic and palm sugar in a mortar and pestle until the garlic is well ground do this firmly but not violently. Add the shrimp, mash lightly and then add the long beans. Smash them gently, just to break them up. Add the dressing and the papaya. Combine the ingredients thoroughly without mashing the papaya. Add the tomatoes and crush to release their juices. Stir in the peanuts and combine well. Taste should be sour, salty, sweet and spicy in good balance. The texture should be crunchy and slightly pink in color. Make no more than 2 servings at a time, ingredients: [5ounce portion Muu Waan Sweet Pork, recipe follows, 5ounce scoop Coconut Rice, packed flat, recipe follows, 12 order Papaya Pok Pok, recipe follows, 1 cabbage wedge, shredded, 1 tablespoon shallots, fried, 1 small handful cilantro, picked, 1 12 pound pork butt, 2 cups sweet soy, 2 cups thin soy, 2 tablespoons ground mediumfine white pepper, 1 16ounce package palm sugar, recommended: Golden Chef, 7 to 8 cups water, 1 34 cups 14 ounces Fresh Coconut Milk, recipe follows, 6 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 8 cups jasmine rice, rinsed with 14 teaspoon lime paste and drained, 10 to 12 cups water, 2 12 cups coconut cream, 9 tablespoons superfine sugar, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cups jasmine rice, rinsed with 14 teaspoon lime paste, drained, 3 to 6 chiles, coarsely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 packed scoop palm sugar, 6 to 8 dried shrimp, washed, 8 to 10 long beans, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 12 ounces dressing, your choice, 1 cup about 1 white rice bowl loosely packed shredded papaya, 6 to 8 halves cherry tomato, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped roasted peanuts], title: Pok Pok  Khao Man Som Tam, picturelink: null}, 57647: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cookies: Put the sugar in a food processor and pulse a few times to finely grind. Add the flour, baking powder and salt and pulse just to combine.nAdd the butter and pulse until all of the butter is incorporated into the flour and the mixture is sandy. Add the egg and vanilla and pulse until the mixture comes together in big clumps.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead a few times to form a ball. Divide the dough in half, pat into 2 discs about 14 inch thick, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nLet the dough sit at room temperature for a few minutes to make rolling easier. Put 1 disc of dough between 2 pieces of parchment paper and roll out the dough to 18 inch thick. Cut out with desired cookie cutters and arrange on one of the prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart. Bake until the bottom of the cookies are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet until firm enough to transfer to a rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough. Gently gather any scraps into a ball and press into another disc. Chill the disc until firm enough to roll and cut out as many cookies as possible.nFor the icing: Sift together the confectioners sugar and the meringue powder in a large bowl and add 6 tablespoons water. Beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh until the mixture is glossy and soft peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes. Add food coloring if using or divide into several batches and color with different shades of food coloring. Decorate cookies as desired. The cookies can be store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, One 1pound box confectioners sugar 3 34 to 4 cups, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, Food coloring, as desired, Candy and sanding sugar, for decorating], title: Sugar Cookies, picturelink: s7fjxH3DO2fLUlenXQ0A8S71mFLU3e}, 57648: {instructions: Morning: Combine the flour, water, yeast, and sourdough, if using, in a bowl, mixing together with a spatula or your hand moistened with water for about 1 minute. After the ingredients are combined, make a small indentation on the top of the dough. Add the salt to the small well youve just made in the dough, and about 1 tablespoon of water to cover it, but dont mix it in yet. Cover the bowl and let the dough sit for 20 minutes. Moisten your hands slightly and use the dough scraper to loosen the dough from the bowl. Rather than knead the dough, youre going to stretch and fold it in the bowl. Working from the edges of the dough, pull the dough out to stretch it and then fold it over toward the center. You can also squeeze the dough with your fingers to help incorporate the salt. If your hands begin to stick to the dough, moisten them again with water. Work around the dough and stretch and fold it 12 times. This action should take about 1 minute in total. Flip the dough over so the folds are underneath and the smooth side is on top. Cover the bowl and let the dough sit for another 20 minutes. Do the stretchandfold action for one more round. By now youll notice that the salt is incorporated and the gluten offers noticeable tension. After folding about 12 times, turn the dough over again, cover the bowl, and let the dough rest for 20 minutes. Do the stretchandfold action 2 more times, at 20minute intervals. In the final round, the dough should feel very elastic and should be glistening. If it isnt, add a few more stretchandfold actions but be careful not to rip the dough. Turn the dough over so the smooth side is face up. Cover the bowl and let it sit for 6 to 7 hours. The goal here is for the dough to rise until it has at least tripled in size, but has not collapsed in on itself. By the end of the rise, you might see big air bubbles on the top of the dough.nAfternoon: Preheat the oven to 470 degrees F 245 degrees C, with your baking stone on the middle rack, 60 minutes before baking. In the lower part of the oven, or on the bottom, place a rimmed baking sheet that can hold half a cup of water. Place a piece of parchment paper roughly the size of your baking stone on an overturned and lightly floured baking sheet or a cutting board. Dust the parchment lightly with a 5050 mixture of white flour and semolina flour or just white flour and set it aside. Flour a twofootsquare area of your counter generously with the floursemolina mix or white flour. Dust the top of the dough lightly with flour. Using a plastic dough scraper, gently loosen the dough from the bowl and pour it out onto the counter, being careful to keep it in one piece. The outer, smooth surface will have landed on the floured surface, becoming the bottom of the dough. The top of the dough will be sticky. Dust it lightly with flour. Flour your hands and gently make a rectangle thats about 34 to 1 inch thick and about 10 by 16inches, with the long side on the eastwest axis, or parallel to the edge of the counter. Dont fuss over it to make it perfect or youll compress the dough, losing the open structure of the air holes. Sprinkle a thick line of flour across the middle of the dough, moving eastwest, marking where you will divide the rectangle in half lengthwise. Then sprinkle another two lines of flour through each of those portions, again moving eastwest. You will cut the dough along the three lines, making four long loaves. Using a dowel, the wooden handle of a kitchen spoon, or a chopstick, press on the floured line so the pieces separate. A thick, dull tool works well because it joins the dough together at the seam. If the tool does not fully cut through the dough, use your dough scraper to finish cutting the pieces. Separate the pieces so they are not touching each other and cover them with a light towel. This second fermentation will take about 20 minutes. When the loaves are ready, they will be very light and spring back within one second when you press your finger very lightly into the dough.nBaking: Pour 12 cup water into a measuring cup. Sprinkle the loaves lightly with semolinaflour. Loosen two loaves gently with the dough scraper. If you put enough flour on the counter it wont take much effort. Place your hands under the dough at either end of one loaf, then turn it upside down onto the floured parchment paper. To prevent the dough from sagging in the middle while you move the loaf, you can move your two hands closer together, slightly crimping the loaf lengthwise. The floured underside is now facing up. Do this with the second loaf, too. If your baking stone is big enough, you might be able to place all four loaves on the parchment paper and bake them at once. Now, heres the fun part. Lightly grab either end of the dough and gently stretch out the loaf to just under the size of your baking stone. If it resists, dont pull itthe dough will rip. Do the same with the second loaf. You can straighten out the edges by gently repositioning the loaf with your dough scraper, but dont fuss too much. Open the oven and slide the parchment paper off the cutting board or baking sheet and onto the baking stone. The loaves will bake on the parchment paper the entire time. Close the oven. Take the 12 cup water and pour it onto the baking sheet, being careful not to get burned by the steam. Shut the oven door. Bake for 18 to 22 minutes. Do not open the oven until at least 18 minutes into the bake. Bake until dark brown. Using a peel, or oven mitts, remove the loaves to a cooling rack, and let them stand for at least 20 minutes before eating. Repeat the baking method with the second two loaves. These loaves are best eaten within four hours. If you do not eat all the bread, the loaves can be frozen in a plastic bag. When youre ready to eat a loaf, remove it from the freezer until it defrosts and bake it for 5 minutes in a 400 degrees F 205 degrees C oven to crisp up the crust. Once reheated, it will go stale relatively quickly., ingredients: [Bowl or container, Spatula, Plastic dough scraper, Rectangular baking stone, Rimmed baking sheet, for the oven, Dowel or wooden spoon with a long handle or a chopstick, Parchment paper, cut to the size of the baking stone, Cutting board or second baking sheet, to move the loaves to the oven, Cooling rack, 500 grams unbleached allpurpose flour, 375 grams water 80 degrees F 27 degrees C, 12 teaspoon instant yeast, 1 tablespoon sourdough optional, 10 grams sea salt, Semolina flour, for dusting the loaves], title: Stirato, picturelink: 43pSo1aiK9lFRRueEUa8o2VkxFS98CG}, 57649: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nMix the chicken, oats, egg, onion, garlic salt, oyster sauce and teriyaki sauce together in a small bowl. Shape ground meat mixture into meat balls and press firmly onto lotus root slices. Place on the grill and grill until well done., ingredients: [1 pound ground chicken, turkey, or beef, 13 cup rolled oats or 2 slices white bread soaked in 12 cup skim milk, 1 small egg, 12 red onion, minced, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon teriyaki sauce, 1 package sliced, frozen, precooked lotus root], title: Barbara Ishidas Secret Lotus Root Patties, picturelink: null}, 57650: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine powdered drink mix, soda, tequila, and lime juice in a glass or shaker. Stir to dissolve the drink mix.nPour into a margarita glass with lots of crushed ice. Finish it off with a slice of lime on the rim of the glass, if using. Time to enjoy, ingredients: [1 2serving packet sugarfree lemonade powdered drink mix about 1 teaspoon, 6 ounces diet lemonlime soda, 1 12 ounces tequila, 1 ounce lime juice, Crushed ice, as needed, Lime slice, for serving, optional], title: HGs Magical LowCalorie Margarita, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 57651: {instructions: To make the fish cream sauce: In a medium saucepan, combine the chicken stock, fish stock, mussels, white wine, mushrooms, peppercorns, parsley, and chervil stalk together. Season with salt and pepper. Cook on medium high heat and reduce until about 34 of the liquid remains Remove the mussel shells and mussels. Add the cream and reduce further by half. Keep warm.nTo make the poached turbot: In a medium pot of boiling water, cook 8ounces of the fresh peas until almost overcooked. Drain well and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a food processor and puree.nCut the iceberg lettuce into fine strips or shreds. Boil the remaining peas and when just cooked, remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl of cold water. In a large skillet, heat 2 tablespoons of the butter on mediumlow heat. Add the shallots and garlic and sweat them, about 4 minutes. Then add the whole and pureed peas and iceberg lettuce, cook until lettuce has wilted. Season with salt and pepper, and keep warm.nIn a large wide saucepan, combine the wine and chicken stock together. Bring up to a mild simmer on low heat. Add the turbot and lightly poach. When almost cooked, about 8 minutes, add the langoustines and cook for an additional for 2 minutes. Remove the fish and langoustines, and keep warm.nIn a medium skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons butter on mediumhigh heat. Add the giroles and cook until soft. Drain well and set aside.nCombine the reserved fish cream, horseradish cream, cayenne, and lemon juice. Finish with a spoon of whipped cream and using a hand blender, mix well together.nTo serve, place a large spoonful of the pea puree in the center of the plate and decorate with 5 pieces of buttered asparagus around the plate. Sprinkle with giroles. Place the turbot on top of the puree and 2 pieces of langoustines on top of the fish. Spoon some of horseradish cream sauce on top and garnish with sliced truffles and parsley., ingredients: [1 14 cups chicken stock, 1 14 cups fish stock, 6 mussels in shells, 12 cup white wine, 1ounce mushrooms, 4 peppercorns, 5 parsley stems, 5 chervil stalks, Salt and pepper, 1 14 cups double cream, 8 ounces new season peas, plus 4 ounces, 14 of iceberg lettuce, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 shallots, chopped, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 4 ounces white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 4 5ounce Turbot fillets, 8 large langoustines, 14 pound giroles very small or morels, washed, 2 teaspoons horseradish cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne, 14 lemon, juiced, Whipped cream, for garnish, 20 white or green asparagus stalks, cooked, Sliced truffles, for garnish, Parsley, for garnish], title: Poached Turbot, Langoustine, Truffle, and Horseradish, picturelink: null}, 57652: {instructions: For the crust: Spoon flour into measuring cup and level. Combine flour and salt in a medium bowl. Cut in shortening using a pastry blender until all flour is blended to form peasized chunks. Sprinkle with water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Toss lightly with fork until dough forms a ball. Press dough between hands to form a 5 to 6inch pancake. Lightly flour rolling surface and rolling pin. Roll dough into circle. Trim 1inch larger than upsidedown pie plate. Loosen dough carefully. Fold dough into quarters. Unfold and press into pie plate. Fold edge under. Flute.nFor the filling: Blend sugar and cornstarch in a saucepan add lemonlime soda. Cook stirring until smooth and thick. Add strawberries and cook for a few minutes. If desired, add red food coloring. Pour into cooled pie shell. Chill. Top with whipped cream if desired., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup shortening, 5 tablespoons cold water, 1 cup sugar, 5 tablespoons cornstarch, 7 ounces lemonlime soda, 1 quart whole strawberries, Red food coloring, if desired], title: Our Favorite Fresh Strawberry Pie, picturelink: null}, 57653: {instructions: Place the couscous in a glass or ceramic mixing bowl.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the chicken stock or water and butter to a boil. Pour over the couscous and cover the mixing bowl with plastic wrap or aluminum foil. Set aside and let stand 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork, then add the butter and salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside while butter melts. Serve hot with Moroccan Chicken, if desired., ingredients: [1 12 to 2 cups couscous, 1 12 to 2 cups chicken stock or water, 3 tablespoons butter, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Couscous, picturelink: null}, 57654: {instructions: Spoon a tablespoon of filling in the center of each pancake. Fold both sides in towards the middle and roll up into a rectangular shape.nMelt enough butter in a skillet so blintzes float slightly over the butter. Fry the blintzes slowly on one side until golden brown, then turn and fry on the second side.nIf the blintzes are frozen, dont thaw them. Fry them frozen, but keep the heat very low, cover the pan for the first 7 to 8 minutes, then turn them over and fry uncovered on the second side.nTo bake, set them on a baking sheet and bake in a 425 degree oven until golden brown., ingredients: [Shaped blintzes of choice, Butter for frying, optional], title: Blintz Wrapup and Cooking, picturelink: null}, 57655: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the patties: Toast pepper, coriander and cumin together in a dry pan until they crackle and pop shake pan constantly. Their color should be light brown, and spices should smell like toast, popcorn, smoky, etc. Pour them straight into a coffee grinder and blend the seeds to a fine powder. Mix all spices, garlic and salt well into the lamb. Form into 6 even patties.nFor the sauce: After weighing, rip the dried peppers open to shake out the seeds a few seeds left in is ok. Throw the peppers in a saucepan with the water, and boil over medium heat until only 14 cup of liquid remains at the bottom. Add the peppers with cooking liquid, sour cream, oil, garlic and lime to the blender, and blend it until very smooth. Add salt and blend again. Add cream and pulse a few times just to incorporate and get a saucy, squirtable consistency.nGrill the lamb patties and the ciabatta until nice, dark grill marks are everywhere lamb is at its juiciest around medium rare. Put about 1 teaspoon of sauce on each side of the bun. Slice the patties in half to lay lengthwise on the bread, and crumble Cotija cheese on top. Dress with plenty of juicy tomato slices, onion and lettuce. Cut sandwich lengthwise along the seam of the lamb patty and plate with crosssection facing outward., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons whole black pepper, 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 12 teaspoons cumin seeds, 14 to 12 teaspoons cayenne powder, 2 cloves minced fresh garlic, Salt, 2 pounds grassfed ground lamb antibioticfree, hormonefree, About 13 cup dried ancho chiles, caps removed and seeded, About 13 cup dried pulla, caps removed and seeded, About 13 cup dried pasilla, caps removed and seeded, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small clove garlic, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 tablespoon salt, Cream just enough to thin mixture to a saucy consistency, 6 ciabatta buns, about 6 by 4inches, 3 ounces Cotija cheese, Red onion, sliced, Tomato, sliced, Lettuce or spring green mix], title: LatinSpiced Lamb Burgers, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 57656: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 2 nonstick skillets over medium high heat. In the first, add 2 tablespoons oil, jalapeno, garlic and onion for black beans. Saute 2 or 3 minutes, add beans and seasonings and cayenne pepper sauce. Reduce heat to low and simmer. In the second skillet, add oil and chicken. Season chicken with chili powder and salt and lightly brown the meat, 2 to 3 minutes. Add garlic, red peppers and chorizo and saute 5 to 6 minutes, then reduce heat to low.nChar and soften tortillas by holding them over hot burner 15 seconds on each side. If you do not have gas burners, heat your dry skillet you used for salsa and cook tortillas 1 at a time in the pan 15 seconds on each side. Pile tortillas near stove and line up your toppings. Serve fillings out of the pans you cooked them in.nHeat a skillet over high heat. Add whole tomatoes and a seeded jalapeno, skin side down, and the thick slices of onion. Allow the tomatoes, pepper and onion to char on all sides. Add blackened tomatoes, pepper and onions to a food processor. Pulse grind the salsa with mint and cilantro leaves. Season salsa with coarse salt.nCombine all ingredients in a food processor and process until the sour cream is pale green and scallions are finely chopped. Serve with burritos., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cans black beans, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, a palm full, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, eyeball it in your palm, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper sauce, Coarse salt, 1 tablespoon vegetable or olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 34 pound boneless chicken breast tenders, diced, 1 teaspoon dark chili powder, Coarse salt, to your taste, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 pound chorizo, casing removed and diced, 12 burrito size flour tortillas, 2 cups Roasted Salsa, recipe follows, 1 12 cups grated Pepper Jack cheese, 1 12 cups white smoked Cheddar, shredded, preferred brand Cabot, 4 to 6 scallions, chopped, 1 heart romaine lettuce, chopped, Green Onion Sour Cream, recipe follows, 4 plum tomatoes, 1 jalapeno pepper, 1 small onion, peeled and cut across into 3 thick slices, 3 or 4 sprigs fresh mint leaves, Handful cilantro leaves, Coarse salt, 2 cups sour cream, 1 lime, juiced and zested, 3 scallions, sliced, 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves, a handful, optional  parsley can be substituted], title: Make Your Own Burrito Bar, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 57657: {instructions: Bring 2 cups water to a boil in a medium pot. Reduce to simmer and add the frozen peas. Cook until tender, 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the peas and cooking water to a blender and puree until smooth, 2 minutes.nWith the machine running, slowly drizzle in the olive oil to emulsify.nMix in the salt taste and season with more salt if desired.nTransfer the soup to bowls. Garnish with microgreens if using., ingredients: [One 16ounce bag frozen baby peas, 14 cup olive oil, 34 teaspoon salt, plus to taste, 14 cup microgreens or any small leafy green or herb, for garnish, optional], title: ThreeIngredient Pea Soup, picturelink: mQ4nQXMAoeTfHgPjwTfG7freCF6PH4q}, 57658: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a 9 by 13inch pan in the oven. While it melts, combine everything else except the fish in a pie pan. Dip the fish around in the melted butter, dip each piece in the crumb mixture, and return it to the baking pan. Bake the fillets for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the fish flakes with a fork. Serve with lemon wedges, and good luck to you., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 23 cup crushed crackers I use Ritz, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese about 1ounce, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 pound sole, scrod, perch or other mildtasting fish fillets, Lemon wedges], title: Ritz Fitz OvenFried Fish Fillets, picturelink: null}, 57659: {instructions: For the roasted grapes: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly spray an 8inch baking dish with nonstick spray, add the grapes and 14 cup water, cover the dish with aluminum foil and roast, stirring once, until soft, about 25 minutes. Remove the foil, stir in the jelly, and continue roasting until slightly caramelized and about collapsed, 10 to 15 minutes longer.nFor the farina: Combine the milk, 1 12 cups water and 18 teaspoon salt in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Slowly whisk in the farina, stirring constantly, then lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, until smooth and thickened, about 5 minutes.nSpoon the farina into bowls, top with some of the roasted grapes and any juices that have accumulated, and sprinkle with some of the nuts. Serve hot., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, for the baking dish, 2 cups black seedless grapes, 2 tablespoons Concord grape jelly, 1 cup milk skim, 1percent or whole, Fine sea salt, 12 cup farina hot cereal, such as Bobs Red Mill, 2 heaping tablespoons peanut butter, 14 cup roasted peanuts or your favorite nut, chopped], title: PB and J Cream of Wheat, picturelink: XWK.4amh2YPwqudsxLCfJ8AaleYEGC}, 57660: {instructions: Heat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSplit bread lengthwise then cut in half again and hollow out some of the insides of bread. Lightly crisp bread in oven, 5 to 8 minutes. Remove bread and switch broiler on.nHeat a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan. Add the pancetta, render a minute or so, add the meat and break it up into an even layer. Let the meat caramelize 1 to 2 minutes without stirring. Break it into small bits and brown well. Add garlic, onions and carrots and season with lots of coarse pepper, some salt, Worcestershire and allspice then cook 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Add wine and scrape up pan bits. Add stock and loosen up the mixture a little. Add tomatoes and parsley and heat through, 1 to 2 minutes. Fill breads and top with a thin layer of mozzarella and a sprinkle of Parmigiano or Romano. Broil the pizzas to melt cheese. Top each pizza liberally with basil and serve with a fork and knife., ingredients: [1 long loaf, 20 to 24 inches, Italian semolina bread, day old is fine, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 slices pancetta or bacon, chopped, 2 pounds ground beef, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 medium yellow onions, peeled and finely chopped, 1 small carrot, peeled and chopped, Coarse black pepper and coarse salt, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon allspice, 13 palm full, 12 cup red wine, 1 couple of glugs, 12 cup beef stock, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, Handful flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 1 pound fresh smoked mozzarella, fresh mozzarella or scamorza firmer, aged mozzarella balls thinly sliced, 4 handfuls grated Parmigiano or Romano, 1 cup fresh basil, 20 leaves, shredded or torn], title: Bolognese Bread Pizza, picturelink: null}, 57661: {instructions: In a large, wide saucepan, bring the milk and vanilla bean to a simmer.nTo make the meringues: In a mixing bowl, beat the egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in 12 cup sugar and continue beating until stiff but not dry. Scoop up several large serving spoonfuls and poach on the simmering milk, about 3 minutes on each side. Remove with a slotted spoon and place on serving plate. Repeat until all the egg whites have been used.nTo make the creme Anglaise: in another large mixing bowl, whisk together egg yolks and 12 cup sugar until light and ribbony. Add the warm milk to the egg yolk mixture and return to the saucepan. Cook, over low heat, stirring constantly without letting it come to a boil, until mixture thickness and coats back of spoon. Strain and flavor with rum and vanilla extract. Ladle creme Anglaise around poached meringues.nTo make the Caramel: in a small saucepan, cook the remaining 1 cup sugar until caramelized, stirring constantly. Stir in the almonds. Turn off heat, being careful not to burn the caramel. Carefully spoon caramel over the meringue., ingredients: [1 quart milk, 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise, 8 eggs, separated, 2 cups sugar, 14 cup dark rum, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup sliced almonds], title: Floating Island, picturelink: null}, 57662: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nIn the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade or in the jar of a blender, combine the paste ingredients, and blend until smooth. Dry the ribs with paper towels, then rub them thoroughly with the paste. Place the ribs on 2 baking sheets, and slowroast for 3 hours, or until red juice appears when you poke the meat with a fork and the meat is tender and pulls easily from the bone. Remove the ribs from the oven. The ribs may be broiled at this point or refrigerated, covered, for up to 2 days.nWhile the ribs are roasting, combine the sauce ingredients in a small bowl, and mix well set aside.nHeat broiler to high. Place rack 3 inches from broiler.nPlace the ribs on a clean baking sheet. Ideally, the ribs should have a light crust on the surface, and depending on your broiler, this will take 3 to 5 minutes per side. Brush the ribs with the sauce during the last 30 seconds under the broiler.nCut the ribs apart between the bones, and serve with remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chile powder, 2 tablespoons darkbrown sugar, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 3 tablespoons freshly cracked pepper, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh oregano, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 6 tablespoons orange juice, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice about 1 lime, 4 dashes hot red pepper sauce, or more to taste, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 3pound racks pork ribs, preferably 3 and down style, 13 cup molasses, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 1 to 3 tablespoons minced fresh chile peppers], title: EZ  Style Pork Ribs, picturelink: null}, 57663: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the carrots, peas, potatoes and celery. Cover with water, bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, drain and set aside.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, cook the onions in the butter substitute until they are soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the flour, salt, pepper, celery seed and garlic powder. Cook for 2 minutes to get the flour taste out. Slowly stir in the broth and then add the milk. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer until thick, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the drained vegetables. Roll out one of the unbaked crusts and place in a 9inchdeep pie plate. Pour the mixture into the bottom crust.nRoll out the second pie crust and place on top. Seal the edges and cut small slits in the top to allow steam to escape. Bake until the pastry is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 cup thinly sliced carrots, 1 cup frozen green peas, 1 cup small diced potatoes, 12 cup thinly sliced celery, 13 cup finely chopped onion, 12 cup butter substitute, such as Earth Balance, 13 cup unbleached, allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 14 teaspoon celery seed, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 34 cups vegetable broth, 23 cup almond or soy milk, Two 9inch deep dish, unbaked pie crusts, lard free], title: Chickless Pot Pie, picturelink: klgpe5OOZyPrFDOLbeoKalE3rBDwgR6}, 57664: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl toss the lettuce, tomatoes, red onion, carrots and black beans to evenly combine. Plate this mixture and top with the mango and the beet sticks. Drizzle on lime cumin vinaigrette.nCombine the lime juice, rice wine vinegar, cumin, honey and jalapeno until smooth. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk in cilantro. Taste and adjust seasonings. Reserve.nTo morph into a Sauteed Shrimp Salad: Place 12 to 15 about 34 pound large peeled shrimp in a small bowl. Pour about half of the lime cumin vinaigrette over the shrimp. Cover and marinate for 20 minutes.nIn a saute pan over high heat, toss the shrimp, with salt and pepper, for 2 to 3 minutes, or until their tails turn bright pink. Serve over the salad and drizzle on remaining lime cumin vinaigrette., ingredients: [1 head leafy green lettuce, roughly chopped, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 large red onion, thinly sliced, 4 carrots, julienned or thinly sliced, 1 can black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 mango, pitted and cubed, 2 small beets, cooked, peeled, and julienned or sliced into thin strips about 1 cup See Cooks Note, Limecumin vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon cumin, 1 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon minced jalapeno, minced, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves picked and chopped], title: Firehouse Salad, picturelink: eX7F9lopwjQppXh9sPhyGYkkHZlxS4K}, 57665: {instructions: Put the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze., ingredients: [1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Fennel Spice Rub, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 57666: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic, tomato paste, and crushed pepper and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes.nAdd the ham hocks, tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until deep red in color and has thickened, about 20 to 25 minutes. Adjust seasoning salt with pepper. Sauce will keep covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 12 cloves garlic about 1 head, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 ham hocks, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 34 cups red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Quick BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57667: {instructions: Combine the gin, herb liqueur, passion fruit puree and bitters in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake, then pour into a beer glass and top with the imperial lager and mint sprig. Serve., ingredients: [2 ounces gin, such as Tanqueray Gin, 12 ounce herb liqueur, such as Yellow Chartreuse, 1 ounce passion fruit puree, 1 bar spoon kaffir lime leaf bitters, Imperial lager, such as The Kaiser, Avery Brewing Company, Sprig of fresh mint, for garnish], title: ImPassion, picturelink: null}, 57668: {instructions: Special equipment: 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dishnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large pot, add the potatoes and cover amply with cold water. Bring the water up to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Add a generous pinch of salt to the water and allow the potatoes to cook until tender when pierced with the tip of a knife, 15 to 20 minutes.nPour the water and potatoes into a colander placed in the sink to drain off all of the water. Return the same pot to the heat and add the milk. Bring the milk to a simmer and gingerly add the potatoes back into the pot. Season with salt. Whisk in the stick of butter. Whisk until all of the ingredients meld together. Taste for seasoning. Remove from the heat.nUse the remaining 1 tablespoon butter to grease the sides and bottom of the baking dish. Add in the breadcrumbs and roll them around inside the dish so it creates a butterbreadcrumb topping.nUsing a whisk or an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream until fairly firm. Season with salt.nWith a rubber spatula, gently fold the whipped cream and about 12 cup Parmesan cheese into the mashed potatoes. Taste for seasoning. Transfer the potatoes to a baking dish and top with remaining Parmesan. Place in the center of the oven and bake, undisturbed, for 15 to 20 minutes. The top should be light brown from the cheese and the potatoes hot. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 12 to 5 pounds Idaho russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks see Cooks Note, Kosher salt, 34 cup whole milk, 1 stick butter, cut into slices, plus 1 additional tablespoon butter for baking dish, 1 tablespoon unseasoned breadcrumbs, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Mashed Potatoes Chantilly, picturelink: null}, 57669: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBlend the eggs, banana and pumpkin pie spice in a blender until smooth.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over mediumlow heat. Working in batches, drop silverdollar portions of the batter about 1 tablespoon onto the skillet and cook until golden brown, 1 to 2 minutes per side., ingredients: [2 large eggs, 1 large banana, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice], title: 3Ingredient GlutenFree Banana Pancakes, picturelink: mDJF3mdyJtA7Ke0CJp0p3zLJOSYfq}, 57670: {instructions: In a mediumsize heavy saucepan, heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute, stirring continuously, just until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the rice and continue to stir, using a wooden spoon, to coat the rice with the oil.nAdd the white wine and continue cooking, stirring often, until it has been absorbed by the rice. Pour in enough chicken stock to cover the rice completely, about 3 cups, and continue to cook, stirring often, until all the liquid is absorbed.nPour in 1 cup more of the remaining stock and stir and cook until it has been absorbed. Repeat with 1 more cup. Add the remaining cup and cook, stirring, until the rice is al dente, tender but still very chewy, and most of the liquid has been absorbed.nStir in the pumpkin puree and the diced pumpkin and reduce the heat to very low so that the risotto doesnt simmer anymore. Stir in the Parmesan and butter to give the risotto a nice, creamy finish. Spoon it immediately into heated shallow serving bowls., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, About 6 cups of hot chicken stock or vegetable stock, 1 butternut squash, one half baked in the oven and then pureed the other half, peeled, cut into small dice, and Sauteed in a little oil and butter until tender, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: Pumpkin Risotto, picturelink: null}, 57671: {instructions: Marinate the duck drumsticks for 12 hours with salt, thyme, rosemary, a pinch of pepper, and the chopped garlic. Rinse the duck under running water, and then dry with a clean towel. Keep cool.nIn a cast iron pot, saute the duck until light brown color then cover with duck fat and cook it slowly until the meat is very soft, about 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from the fat and keep warm.nPreheat the oven to 165 degrees F.nClean and cut the mushrooms. In a nonstick pan, without any fat, saute the mushrooms with a little bit of salt. When the water from the mushrooms appears in the pan, strain the mushrooms and save the liquid. Saute the mushrooms a second time starting with a spoon of duck fat in the pan. Cook until light brown, season with salt and pepper and finish with chopped garlic and chopped parsley. Keep hot.nMix the tomatoes and 2 tablespoons of olive oil, salt and pepper. Place in a baking dish and bake for 30 minutes. Remove from oil. Keep hot.nIn a nonstick pan saute the slices of foie gras over high heat with salt and pepper, 1 to 2 minutes on each side, and keep hot. Season the duck breast with salt and pepper. In the same pan with the fat from foie gras, saute the duck breast, starting on the skin side, until the fat is golden brown and rendered. Turn and cook to medium rare, about 10 minutes total. Remove from pan and let rest 10 minutes before to split each breast in 2 equal parts.nIn a saucepan, bring the liquid from mushrooms to a boil, then with a whisk, incorporate by small quantity the butter until a creamy sauce forms, and add salt and pepper. Display the sauteed mushrooms in the center of each plate, then 1 confit drumstick, a slice of sauteed foie gras and the sauteed duck breast. Use the tomatoes for decoration and finish the plate with a spoon of mushroom butter sauce. Eat very hot., ingredients: [4 duck drumsticks, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 ounce chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 ounce chopped rosemary leaves, Pinch pepper, 2 cloves chopped garlic, 1 pound duck fat, 2 ounces oyster mushrooms, 2 ounces domestic mushrooms, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 ounce chopped parsley, 4 seedless tomatoes, quartered, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 slices 1 12 ounces each duck foie gras, 2 duck breasts, Salt and pepper, 2 ounces butter], title: Trio De Canard Aux Champignons et Tomates Confites, Jus Au Beurre Duck trio with sauteed wild mushrooms and confit tomatoes, jus au beurre, picturelink: null}, 57672: {instructions: Put 3 tablespoons of water in a large heatsafe glass bowl. Add the bok choy, ginger and garlic. Gently stir to combine. Cover with a vented lid or plastic wrap with 6 small holes poked in it. Microwave on high for 3 minutes. Carefully uncover and stir the bok choy. Cover again and cook on high until the bok choy is crisptender, about 3 more minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the miso paste, sesame oil, rice vinegar, 3 tablespoons water and a pinch of black pepper in a small bowl. Reserve.nUse a pair of tongs to transfer the bok choy to a serving platter, discarding any extra liquid and the garlic cloves left behind in the bowl. Drizzle with the miso sauce and garnish with the toasted sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 12 pounds baby bok choy, split lengthwise, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 2 garlic cloves, lightly crushed, 3 tablespoons white, yellow or red miso paste, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, for garnish], title: Microwave Baby Bok Choy with Miso Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57673: {instructions: Puree all of the spicy cocktail ingredients in a blender. In a medium bowl, spoon the cocktail sauce and vodka over the oysters, clams, peppers, and cilantro and mix gently. Chill.nWhisk together ingredients for chipotle vinaigrette. Divide seafood mixture between two large martini glasses and drizzle vinaigrette over each.nGarnish with lime wedges, pearl onions and strips of serrano chile., ingredients: [1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 ripe Roma tomatoes, 12 teaspoon diced pickled chipotles, 2 to 3 dashes hot sauce, 12 tablespoon brown sugar, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 shucked oysters, 4 shucked clams, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon diced sweet red pepper, 1 tablespoon diced yellow pepper, 1 tablespoon diced poblano, 1 ounce vodka, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon chopped chipotles canned], title: Border Grills Sultry Oyster and Clam Martini, picturelink: null}, 57674: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 9inch square baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.nCombine flour, cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Set aside.nIn a separate smaller bowl, whisk together milk, oil and egg or egg whites. Pour the wet ingredients over the dry and, using a fork, stir until just combined. Do not overmix. Spread batter evenly in pan and bake 20 to 25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cut into squares or triangles and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon coarse grained salt, 1 cup skim milk, 14 cup canola or vegetable oil, 1 large egg or 2 large egg whites, lightly beaten], title: Quick Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 57675: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the oil into a small skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 30 seconds. Remove half and reserve it for the tamale dough.nTo the pan with the remaining onions add the beans, hot sauce, chili powder and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir to combine and cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool slightly. Reserve 1 cup for the Round 2 Recipe, Bean and Cheese Chalupas.nIn a large bowl combine the cornmeal, 1 teaspoon of salt and the baking powder. Cut the butter into the cornmeal using a fork or a pastry blender. Add the broth, a little at a time, until the dough comes together. Mix in the reserved cooked onions and garlicnCut parchment paper into 8 8 by 8inch squares. Spread 13 cup of the tamale dough onto the center of the paper and lightly press it into a circle. Put a heaping tablespoon of the beans on top with a tablespoon of cheese. Bring the 2 corners of the paper at the ends of the rectangle up to encase the beans and cheese with the tamale dough. Fold the corners together a couple of times. Fold the other sides over to cover the seam and turn right side up. Continue this process with the remaining dough and filling.nPut a steamer basket into a large pot and add enough water to come just below the basket. Cover the pot and put it over mediumlow heat to bring the water to a simmer. Put the tamales in the steamer basket. Cover and steam the tamales until the dough is cooked through, about 1 hour, Check after 30 minutes, you may need to add more water to the pot. Remove the tamales from paper wrapping and serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 12 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 15ounce cans black beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups cornmeal, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into cubes, 1 cup chicken broth, 12 cup grated Monterey jack cheese], title: Bean and Cheese Tamales, picturelink: gKIb3AdokMaKNtZ2I0D2uE.A.do9Bm}, 57676: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nIn a small bowl mix adobo, Sazon, and pepper and set aside.nUsing a paring knife, make 10 to 12 slits in the pork shoulder. Then peel back fat cap but leave attached. Lift fat cap and make slits under cap. Pull cap back down and score top skin with knife. Insert smashed garlic in slits. Rub the pork with the adobo mixture, wrap in aluminum foil and place in a roasting pan. Transfer the pan to the oven and roast for 5 hours.nRaise the oven temperature to 375 degrees F. Remove the aluminum foil and continue roasting for 30 minutes or desired crispness on skin. Remove pork shoulder from oven and allow to rest for 20 minutes on a chopping board. Pull approximately 2 pounds of pork from the shoulder and chop into small to medium size pieces.nIn a medium bowl, mix chopped pork and the scallions. Set pork and scallion mixture aside. Remove peel from the plantains but do not detach peel. Split plantain down middle making 2 slices so you can remove middle make canoe, set cut piece aside. Take 12 cup of pork and scallion mixture and stuff plantains. Place cut piece of plantain back on top and pull up peel. Lightly oil the peel and wrap in aluminum foil. Repeat with remaining plantains and stuffing mixture. Grill,or bake for approximately 20 minutes or until thoroughly heated.nRemove plantains from grill or oven and remove foil and peel. Place plantains on a serving platter. In a small bowl, mix chopped chipotle, honey and olive oil. Drizzle over the plantains and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons chipotle in adobo sauce, 3 envelopes Sazon seasoning, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 7 pounds bonein pork shoulder, 10 to 12 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup chopped scallions, 4 to 6 ripe plantains, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons chopped chipotle in adobo sauce, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 cup olive oil], title: Stuffed Plantains with Pork and Chipotle Honey Oil, picturelink: null}, 57677: {instructions: Wash the fish bones well in cold, clean water to remove impurities. Split the lobster shells and clean by removing the light green tomalley liver in the body cavity and the feathery gills at the head section. Save the peeling from fresh cooked or raw shrimp. Discard the digestive tract, but save the heads if any. In a large stock pot heat olive oil and fish bones, lobster shells and shrimp shells. Cook over medium heat for 20 minutes to give broth a rich flavor. Meanwhile, put the vegetables in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and pulse to finely chop. Add the vegetables to the stock pot and saute them along with the fish bones for 15 minutes to sweat and caramelize the vegetables. Add the tomato, saffron and other herbs and seasonings and continue to saute for 10 minutes. Stir to ensure that nothing burns or sticks to the bottom of the pan. Add the white wine and reduce by half. Add the fish stock and water and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, and cook 1 12 hours. Skim a foamy particles that rise to the surface during cooking. Drain through cheesecloth lined sieve and cool in an ice bath., ingredients: [3 pounds cleaned fish bones and heads, lobster bodies andor shrimp shells, 14 cup olive oil, 2 carrots, 3 stalks of celery, 1 large leek, split and washed, 2 medium onions, 1 small fresh fennel bulb, greens only or 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 3 large garlic cloves, 1 15 12ounce can plum tomatoes, drained, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 tablespoons dried thyme, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 to 3 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoons whole black peppercorns, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 quarts fish stock, 2 quarts water], title: Bouillabaisse Fish Broth, picturelink: null}, 57678: {instructions: A simple and elegant dessert, Chuck Hughes caramelized pears are sure to please any crowd.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Melt the butter, and then add the pears, cutside down, cooking until they are slightly golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the brown sugar and continue cooking until caramelized, another 5 minutes. Add the bourbon, if using, and continue cooking for 5 more minutes.nDivide the pears among 4 plates, garnish with a scoop of ice cream, a drizzle of the caramel sauce and crumbled graham crackers., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 4 medium red and yellow Bartlett pears, pitted and quartered, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons bourbon, optional, Goodquality ice cream, 4 graham crackers, crumbled], title: Caramelized Pears, picturelink: null}, 57679: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the zest from the oranges with a vegetable peeler, being careful to avoid the white pith. Put the zest in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the sugar and pulse until the zest is very finely minced.nCream the butter in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the sugarorange zest mixture and mix until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, then add the orange juice and salt. Mix until combined.nPour the mixture into a 2quart saucepan and cook over low heat until thickened, about 10 minutes, stirring constantly. The orange curd will be ready when it coats a spoon, and it will register about 175 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Be careful not to overcook, or it will curdle. Remove from the heat and let cool or refrigerate.nPlace the orange curd in a bowl and decoratively arrange the strawberries on a serving platter around the bowl., ingredients: [4 oranges, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 pound unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 16 long stem strawberries, for dipping], title: Orange Curd, picturelink: jtrlJSU3gqN574TopRWEQKGGNxeYBRy}, 57680: {instructions: Combine the avocado, mayonnaise, jalapeno pepper and lime juice in a blender or food processor. Add a splash of water and puree until smooth season with salt and pepper, to taste. Scrape into a bowl.nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Add the onion and pepper and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the cumin and cook for 1 minute. Add the turkey, cook until just heated through and stir in the cilantro.nPut the tortillas on a plate, cover with a damp paper towel and microwave on high heat for 40 seconds to warm through. Put some of the turkey mixture in the center of each tortilla, drizzle with some of the Creamy Avocado Sauce, roll and serve., ingredients: [1 ripe Hass avocado, halved, pitted and flesh chopped, 14 cup Hellmanns Real Mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon diced fresh jalapeno pepper optional, 1 fresh lime, juiced, Water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 large red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 large red bell pepper, halved and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cups leftover shredded turkey, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 4 large flour tortillas], title: Turkey Fajitas with Creamy Avocado Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57681: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a large saute pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons butter and allow to melt. When the butter is melted and bubbling, add the chopped apple. Stir in the lemon juice and honey with a spatula to coat the apples. Continue to cook until the apples are golden, stirring occasionally, 10 to 15 minutes. If the apples get too brown, remove from the heat and set aside.nIn another large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons butter and allow to melt. While the butter melts, mix together the flour, 2 teaspoons salt and the pepper in a large bowl. Dredge the chicken breasts in the flour mixture until thoroughly coated. Carefully place the dredged chicken into the heated pan and brown on each side, about 5 minutes per side. Remove the chicken breasts to a baking sheet or ovensafe warming plate and cover with foil. Set aside.nIn the same saute pan, add the chicken stock and apple and cranberry juices to deglaze the pan. Add the cinnamon stick. Add the remaining 1 teaspoon salt to the mixture, whisking to combine. Allow the sauce to reduce until it reaches a nice thick brown gravy consistency, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the cinnamon stick.nAdd the cooked apples to the thickened sauce and whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Add the cooked chicken breasts to the apples and gravy, to reheat briefly about 1 minute. Plate the chicken breasts, top with the apples and sauce and sprinkle with the parsley., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 large green apple, peeled and chopped into 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons salt, divided, 2 teaspoons ground pepper, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts 8 to 10 ounces each, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup apple juice, 12 cup cranberry juice, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons finely chopped Italian parsley], title: Guy Cooks With Kids: Mikaelas Cranberry Apple Chicken Breast, picturelink: E6qwLWw2Di6XJcpPNChc8D6kKSitAyy}, 57682: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and flour a 9 by 13inch baking dish.nUsing the grater attachment on a food processor, grate the potatoes and put in a large bowl. Add the flour, coconut, raisins, vanilla, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg and mix well.nHeat the sugar, coconut milk, and evaporated milk in a saucepan over low heat until the sugar is dissolved, about 4 minutes.nPour the coconut milk mixture into the potato mixture and mix well. Pour the mixture into the baking dish, smooth the top, and bake until set, about 1 12 hours., ingredients: [Softened butter, for the pan, 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 3 pounds whitefleshed sweet potatoes, called boniato or batata, 14 cup shredded coconut, 14 cup raisins, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 3 cups coconut milk, 14 cup evaporated milk], title: Sweet Potato Pudding, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 57683: {instructions: For the grits: Bring the chicken stock, the cream and butter to a simmer in a heavy saucepan. Gradually whisk in the grits. Reduce the heat and simmer until the grits have thickened, 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally to avoid lumps. Once the grits are thick and creamy, stir in the cheeses and adjust the consistency with stock andor cream and season with salt and pepper. These grits provide a wonderful bed to soak up the flavor from the sausage, shrimp and veggies.nFor the sausage, shrimp and peppers: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add the sausages and brown. Then transfer to a plate with a slotted spoon, leaving all of the fat in the skillet. Add the garlic, bell peppers and onions to the skillet, sprinkle with salt and pepper and saute until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the shrimp and saute until they begin to turn pink, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the reserved sausage and the chicken stock to the skillet and let reduce a bit to intensify those flavors. Stir in the butter at the end and garnish with parsley.nServe the sausage mix over the grits., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, plus more if needed, 2 cups cream, plus more if needed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup grits or polenta, 4 ounces American cheese, torn into pieces, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 small orange bell pepper, cut in small dice, 1 small red bell pepper, cut in small dice, 12 Spanish onion, cut in small dice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound Parmesanparsley pork sausage, cut into 14inchthick rounds, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound uncooked large shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut into thirds, 12 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Sausage, Shrimp and Peppers over Cheesy Grits, picturelink: f9Iwi5Ll5cAD8mxCzJkqZrzL9gccrk2}, 57684: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chocolate in a medium bowl over a pot of simmering water and melt completely. Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt and set aside. Beat the sugar and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer. Add the eggs, then the espresso and vanilla, and beat on high speed, 2 minutes. On low speed, beat in the melted chocolate mixture until just combined. Fold in the flour mixture with a rubber spatula until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips and pecans.nScoop the mixture onto a parchmentlined baking sheet using a small icecream scoop , putting 8 cookies on each sheet. Bake 10 to 11 minutes and not any longer. The surface will be dry but the inside will still be soft. Cool on a baking sheet. These cookies are best eaten the day they are made. Wrap leftovers well in plastic wrap and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 14 plus cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 34 stick unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons instant espresso powder, such as Medaglia DOro, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup highquality white chocolate chips, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped toasted pecans], title: Triple Chocolate Cookies, picturelink: null}, 57685: {instructions: Preheat outdoor grill if using to medium high. Prepare hot grill with cooking spray. Indoors, use a large skillet rather than a grill pan and preheat with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil to mediumhigh heat.nPlace salmon in food processor and pulse to coarse grind meat to form burgers. Transfer fish to a mixing bowl and season with grill seasoning, poppy seeds, sesame seeds, and dill. Mix and form 4 patties. Drizzle the burgers with extravirgin olive oil.nCook burgers 3 minutes on each side for a pink center, 4 to 5 minutes on each side for fully cooked fish.nWhile burgers cook, combine in a bowl the cream cheese and the scallions and fold in sour cream and lemon juice.nTop the burgers with lettuce, tomato, onion and sauce on crusty, toasted buns., ingredients: [4 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, cut into large chunks, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning, recommended: Montreal Seasoning by McCormick, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, Extravirgin olive oil for drizzling, 12 cup softened cream cheese, 3 scallions, whites and greens, chopped, 12 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Green leaf lettuce, for topping, Sliced beefsteak or vine ripe tomato, for topping, Sliced red onion, for topping, Crusty kaiser rolls, split and toasted], title: Everything Salmon Burgers with Scallion Sour CreamCream Cheese Sauce, picturelink: XPy.npOGJh3T2jkmEbi6ouO824igYoK}, 57686: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nBrush each side of the eggplant slices with garlic infused olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill eggplant for approximately 3 minutes per side, until brown grill marks appear and eggplant softens.nPlace grilled eggplant on a rimmed sheet tray and top with a slice of Mozzarella cheese and tomato. Drizzle garlicinflused infused olive oil on top of the tomato and season to taste with salt and pepper. Bake for 10 minutes until tomato and cheese are hot. Place an eggplant stack between a Sandwich Thinsu00ae roll.nRecipe courtesy of Claire Robinson, 2010, ingredients: [6 Arnoldu00ae or Oroweatu00ae Whole Grain White Sandwich Thinsu00ae rolls, 1 small eggplant, sliced into 6 rounds, 6 ounces fresh Mozzarella cheese, sliced into 6 round slices, 1 large Beefsteak tomato, thinly sliced into 6 round slices, 14 cup garlicinfused olive oil, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Sandwich Thinsandreg Baked Eggplant Sandwich, picturelink: SRxsaR9r5A5RwHbjiep8cJdy2sLLrO}, 57687: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: six 5ounce ramekinsnIn a small saucepan, bring the tomatobasil sauce and red pepper flakes to a simmer over medium heat. Cook uncovered until thick, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the basil.nPreheat the broiler.nPlace six 5ounce ramekins on a baking sheet. Divide the sauce equally among the ramekins. Divide the prosciutto among the ramekins. Place the slices of mozzarella between 3 paper towels to absorb any excess moisture. Place the slices of mozzarella on top of the prosciutto. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the Gruyere on top.nBroil until the cheese is melted and golden brown, 5 to 8 minutes. Serve with grilled bread., ingredients: [One 28ounce jar tomatobasil sauce, such as Giada DeLaurentiis for Target, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 cup chopped fresh basil, 4 ounces thinlysliced prosciutto, chopped into 12inch pieces, One 7 to 8ounce ball fresh mozzarella, sliced into six14 to 13inchthick slices, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup 2 ounces shredded Gruyere, Serving suggestion: grilled bread], title: Mozzarella Fonduta, picturelink: q3e89yTuSkctVTC81VPs2kChMSYE.GW}, 57688: {instructions: In an 8quart kettle or pot, heat the olive oil and saute the onions until transparent. Add the garlic and saute until it begins to brown. Stir in crab butter and let cook slowly for 2 minutes crab butter is saffron yellow in color and adds a distinctive rich flavor. Next, add the wine, and reduce. Add tomatoes and tomato sauce, broth, and live crabs.nTo simmer at low heat for about 5 minutes. Add shrimp, clams, mussels and cook for 2 more minutes. Serve in a bowls and sprinkle with fresh parsley. Add salt, pepper, and red pepper flakes, to taste.nIf your crab is cooked ahead of time, add it to the recipe at the same time you add the clams, shrimp, and mussels. Fresh crab usually has yellowish matter under the shell in the center of the body, called crab butter, or fat, or mustard. It is edible and considered quite tasty.nWarm heavy skillet on medium heat. Add olive oil and diced onion. When onion becomes transparent, add the garlic and cook until lightly brown. Add tomatoes, basil leaves, salt and pepper, and simmer for 45 minutes., ingredients: [18 cup olive oil, 14 cup onions, chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Crab butter, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups peeled, seeded, and chopped fresh tomatoes, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup clam juice or fish broth, 2 fresh live Dungeness crabs 112 to 2 pounds each or 4 pounds of live blue crabs, 8 large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 16 Manila clams, well scrubbed, 16 black or green mussels, well scrubbed, Chopped parsley, as needed, Salt and pepper, to taste, Red pepper flakes, to taste, 12 cup olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 40 ounces canned puree tomatoes, 18 basil leaves, julienne, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Crab Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 57689: {instructions: Combine the whiskey, sweet vermouth and apple brandy in a cocktail shaker add ice and stir. Strain into a chilled tumbler with fresh ice and garnish with a lemon twist.nPhotograph by James Wojcik, ingredients: [1 12 ounces whiskey, 12 ounce sweet vermouth, 1 12 ounces apple brandy, Lemon twist, for garnish], title: Boardwalk Boss, picturelink: GmFeEVmkEqkagtModreTw.8rRtE36}, 57690: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat the olive oil in a large ovenproof skillet over medium heat. Add the saffron, coriander, garlic, shallot and 1 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring, until the shallot is translucent and the oil turns yellow, about 5 minutes. Add the cauliflower, lemon juice and 13 cup water. Increase the heat to medium high and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cauliflower turns yellow and the water has mostly evaporated, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the skillet to the oven. Roast, stirring halfway through, until the cauliflower is tender and golden, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and sprinkle with parsley.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon lightly crumbled saffron threads, 14 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 shallot, chopped, Kosher salt, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, Juice of 12 lemon, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: Saffron Roasted Cauliflower, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 57691: {instructions: Generously spread the butter on each slice of bread, sprinkle with brown sugar and serve., ingredients: [12 slices country bread, Unsalted butter, for spreading, Brown sugar, for sprinkling], title: Pane, Burro e Zucchero: Bread, Butter, and Sugar, picturelink: null}, 57692: {instructions: In a 5quart saucepan, brown both sides of the chicken in 12 cup canola oil. Once browned, add nutmeg, allspice, cumin powder, salt, saffron, cinnamon sticks, cardamom seeds, and peppercorns.nAdd approximately 5 cups of water to just cover the chicken and bring to a boil. Season with freshly ground pepper. Cover and simmer over lowmedium heat for about 15 to 20 minutes or until the meat begins to pull away from the bone. When done, set the chicken aside and discard the broth.nFry the cauliflower in a large pot with 3 cups of canola oil until golden brown. Remove and let drain on paper towels. Once that is done, repeat this process with the eggplant. Note, do not rinse the salt off the eggplant the guest believes that it removes flavor. Set both the fried cauliflower and eggplant aside. Heat 3 tablespoons of canola oil in the pot that previously contained the chicken. When the oil is hot, not smoking, add the feathered onions and cook until they sweat, about 10 minutes. Add the cooked chicken, bone and all cook together for a few minutes then cover and let steep with the burner off for 15 minutes. During this time, rinse the rice about 5 or 6 times until the water runs clear. Put the rice in a bowl, stir the spices into the raw rice, and mix well. Add the fried eggplant and cauliflower to the chicken mixture and then put the seasoned rice on top. Pour water into the pot to just barely cover the rice. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cover. Approximately 10 minutes later add a 14 cup of oil and recover. When the water is completely gone the dish is done, about 25 minutes or until rice is cooked.nRemove the pot from the heat and let rest for about 10 to 15 minutes. Place a large serving plate on top of the dish and flip the pot and plate over. Very carefully, lift the pot off the plate and the layered dish is done, add a little garnish and it is ready to serve. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 whole chickens, skinned and quartered or 8 pieces chicken thighs, 3 12 cups canola oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 teaspoon fresh nutmeg, 1 teaspoon allspice, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, Salt, 4 saffron threads, 2 cinnamon sticks, 5 whole cardamom seeds, 3 peppercorns, 5 cups water, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 head cauliflower, trimmed into florets, 1 large eggplant, peeled, cubed, and salted make sure to place in a colander so water can drain, 2 onions, halved through the root end and thinly sliced, core still attached, 4 cups medium grain rice, 1 cup converted rice, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 12 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon fresh nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fresh ground cinnamon, 14 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Toasted pine nuts, for garnish], title: Jordanian Traditional Maklooba, picturelink: null}, 57693: {instructions: Light a charcoal grill or preheat a gas or stovetop grill until very hot.nFor the sauce, whisk together the lemon juice, olive oil, oregano, red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Set aside.nWhen the grill is ready, sprinkle the fish with salt and pepper and cook over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes on one side, then turn and cook for 1 to 2 minutes on the other side until almost cooked through. Remove to a flat dish, prick holes in the fish with the tines of a fork, and pour the lemon sauce over the fish while itu00bfs still hot. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper, cover with aluminum foil, and allow to rest for 5 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, place the swordfish on dinner plates or a serving platter, pile the arugula on top, drizzle with the sauce from the fish, and sprinkle with the grated lemon zest. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup good olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced fresh oregano leaves or 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Pinch of crushed red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 12inchthick swordfish steaks 5 to 6 ounces each, 4 ounces baby arugula, Grated zest of 1 lemon], title: Sicilian Grilled Swordfish, picturelink: null}, 57694: {instructions: Special equipment: Metal skewers or a grill basketnPrepare grill for cooking.nThread onions onto skewers or put in grill basket, then brush with 1 tablespoon oil and season with salt and pepper. When fire is mediumhot you can hold your hand 5 inches above rack for 3 to 4 seconds, grill onions, turning occasionally, until tender, 16 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. When just cool enough to handle, cut onions into 1inch pieces and toss with vinegar in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. While onions are grilling, stir together the lime juice and remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a shallow dish, then add steak and marinate at room temperature, turning once, 10 minutes.nPat steak dry, then rub with chili powder, cumin, and coriander and season with salt and pepper. Grill steak on lightly oiled grill rack, turning once, 6 to 10 minutes total for mediumrare. Transfer to cutting board, then let stand 5 minutes before cutting diagonally into thin slices.nWhile steak is standing, toast tortillas directly on grill rack, turning once, until puffed slightly and browned in spots, about 1 minute total. Serve steak, onions, cilantro, and salsa all wrapped in tortillas.nPreheat broiler.nIf using fresh tomatillos, remove husks and rinse under warm water to remove stickiness. If using canned tomatillos, drain and measure out 4 cups. Broil fresh tomatillos do not broil canned, chiles, garlic, and onions on rack of a broiler pan 1 to 2 inches from heat, turning once, until softened and slightly charred, about 8 minutes.nPeel garlic and pull off tops of chiles. Puree all ingredients in a food processor.nYield: 6 cups, ingredients: [3 large onions, peeled and cut lengthwise into wedges, leaving root ends intact, 14 cup olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 13 cup fresh lime juice, 3 pounds skirt steak, 1 tablespoon ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 24 flour tortillas, 1 12 cups fresh cilantro, Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 3 pounds fresh tomatillos or 6 11ounce cans tomatillos, 10 fresh serrano chiles, 6 garlic cloves, unpeeled, 2 onions, cut into wedges, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lime juice], title: Skirt Steak Fajitas with Lime, Chili, and Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 57695: {instructions: Special equipment: Kettle Tea pot Tea cozynTo make a perfect cup of tea: Use cold tap water, as it is fresher, and let it run for a minute so that it will be aerated. If you like, you can use bottled water instead. Do not use warm tap water.nBoil water in kettle. If you are in a particularly cold climate, such as the North of England, add hot water to the tea pot until you are ready to pour in the boiling water, so that the tea pot will already be warm when you add the tea leaves.nPut 1 tablespoon of tea leaves in tea pot for 2 6ounce servings.nPour boiling water over tea leaves.nAllow to brew for 3  5 minutes, according to how much you will be cutting the tea with milk or cream. 5 minutes is only for tea that you intend to add a lot of milk or cream to. 3 minutes will allow the tea leaves to reach their optimum flavor, so it is considered the perfect brewing time.nCover with a tea cozy in order to keep the heat in the pot.nFor the cucumber sandwiches: Slice cucumber, leaving peel on. Spread butter on insides of both slices of bread for each sandwich, to taste. Usually a thin layer will suffice. Place cucumber slices in a single layer on bottom slice of buttered bread for each sandwich, covering entire slice. Put sandwiches together and remove crusts with knife. Some cucumber peel will come off too and that is the desired result. Cut sandwiches into triangles. Yield: 12 small sandwichesnFor the watercress sandwiches: Repeat process as above, replacing cucumber with watercress. Yield: 12 small sandwiches.nFor the smoked salmon sandwiches: Repeat process as above, replacing cucumber with salmon and butter with cream cheese. Yield: 12 small sandwiches, ingredients: [Cold tap water, Tea leaves, Milk or cream, 1 English cucumber  seedless, longer than American variety, 6 slices white bread, Softened butter to taste, 1 small bunch watercress, stems removed, 6 slices white bread, Butter to taste, Thinly sliced smoked salmon, 6 slices white bread, Cream cheese to taste], title: Tea and Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 57696: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Beat sour cream, sweetened condensed milk and lemonade mix in medium bowl with an electric mixer until blended. Pour into crumb crust.nBAKE 25 to 30 minutes or until set. Cool thoroughly. Chill 2 hours. Garnish with preserves and serve., ingredients: [1 16 oz. container sour cream, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 3 tbsps. sweetened lemonade flavor drink mix, 1 8 or 9inch graham cracker crumb crust, Smuckersu00ae Peach Preserves, or a jam or preserve of your choice], title: Creamy Lemon Pie, picturelink: null}, 57697: {instructions: Rinse chicken and pat dry. Cut chicken into 1inch pieces. Marinate with favorite spices and 12 cup olive oil overnight in the refrigerator. Set aside.nFor sauce, stir together orange juice, cornstarch, sherry, ginger, garlic, red pepper flakes, and orange zest. Set aside. Preheat wok and add 14 cup olive oil over medium heat. Stirfry chicken until no longer pink, quickly moving it through the wok. Add broccoli, onions, carrots, peppers, squash and zucchini and cook until al dente. Add snow peas, mushrooms, baby corn, bok choy and do the same. Stir sauce add to center of the wok. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Stir all ingredients and coat with sauce. Season, to taste. Serve immediately over rice and garnish with fresh herbs, orange zest or orange slices., ingredients: [34 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, 3 tablespoons favorite spices garlic, ginger, onion powder, etc., 12 cup olive oil, plus 14 cup, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 orange, zested, plus extra for garnish, 14 cup broccoli flowerets, 14 cup sliced onion, 14 cup 14inch cut carrots, 14 cup 14inch cut peppers chefs choice, green, red or yellow, cut into chunks, 14 cup 14inch cut yellow squash, 14 cup 14inch cut zucchini, 14 cup snow peas, 14 cup sliced mushrooms, 14 cup baby corn, 14 cup 14inch cut bok choy, 2 cups cooked rice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly chopped herbs, Orange slices, for garnish], title: Orange Chicken Stir fry, picturelink: null}, 57698: {instructions: Heat stock to a boil and reduce heat to simmer. Mix the chicken with egg, bread crumbs, nutmeg, smoked sweet paprika, parsley, salt and pepper. Roll the meat into 1inch dumplings and add to simmering stock. Wash up and let the dumplings cook 3 to 4 minutes alone. Add the egg noodles, peppers and scallions and stir. Cook another 4 to 5 minutes until noodles are just tender. Stir in dill. Season soup with salt and pepper to taste and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 cups chicken stock recommended: Kitchen Basics, 2 1quart boxes, 1 pound ground chicken or ground turkey breast I keep an extra pack of both in the freezer they are both so lean and easy to work with, 1 egg, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon smoked sweet paprika, Handful parsley leaves, finely chopped, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups thin egg noodles, 12 cup pequillo Spanish peppers or roasted red peppers, quartered lengthwise, very thinly sliced, 6 scallions, cut into 2inch pieces then shredded into thin sticks, Handful fresh dill, finely chopped, about 3 tablespoons], title: Hungarianish MiniDumpling and Egg Noodle Soup, picturelink: gJWDSmebI87OpKN1FQFdpKXy7Gthe}, 57699: {instructions: Bring the water to a boil. Add the flowers and return to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes. Stir in the sugar or honey, strain into a pitcher and refrigerate. Serve cold over ice with slices of orange as garnish., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 34 cup dried Jamiaca or hibiscus flowers, 12 cup sugar or honey, Orange slices for garnish], title: Jamaica Flower Water, picturelink: null}, 57700: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a sheet pan, place the squash flesh side down and roast until very tender about 45 minutes. At the same time, bake potatoes directly on the rack of oven for 1 hour.nSplit the potatoes and allow to cool slightly, or until you can handle them. Dont let them cool completely. Scoop the flesh of the potatoes and the squash into a bowl and mash with a hand masher. Mix in the egg, salt and nutmeg. Then add the flour and mix until a soft dough forms. Do not do this in a mixer, it will overwork the dough. Add flour by the spoonful if its still too moist.nTurn out onto a floured board and divide into 8 portions. Roll out into ropes and cut into 12inch pieces. Line the pieces up on a floured sheet pan as you work. At this point you could freeze them on the pan until solid, then transfer to zip top bags and store in the freezer.nIn a large pot of boiling, salted water gently drop in the dumplings. Dont overcrowd. As they begin to float, remove them with a slotted spoon and toss them into an ice bath.nDrain off the water and toss in a little oil. Store loosely in containers until ready to use.nTo reheat, in a saute pan over high heat add 1 tablespoon of soft butter. Cook until the butter begins to foam and turn brown. Add 2 teaspoons sage leaves and 1 cup of dumplings. Cook for an additional minute until the dumplings are heated through. Repeat until you have desired amount of servings. Plate and top with freshly grated Parmesan., ingredients: [1 12 small butternut squash, halved and seeded, 4 medium baking russet potatoes, pierced, 1 egg, 112 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 pinch nutmeg, 112 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional, for dusting, Oil, 1 bunch sage, leaves chiffonade, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup grated Parmesan], title: Butternut Dumplings with Brown Butter and Sage, picturelink: null}, 57701: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the tzatziki: Combine the yogurt, mayonnaise, basil, chives, tarragon, vinegar, salt and pepper in a food processor. Blend until the herbs are finely chopped and the sauce is pale green. Scrape the sauce into a bowl.nCoarsely grate the cucumber using the large holes of a box grater onto a papertowellinedplate pat dry. Mix the cucumber into the tzatziki. Add salt and pepper to taste. The tzatziki can be made 4 hours ahead, covered and chilled, and stirred before serving.nFor the salmon: Sprinkle the salmon with salt and pepper. Heat the oil over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Cook the salmon, skinnedsideup, until golden brown, about 4 minutes. Flip the fish using a fish spatula and cook for 2 minutes for medium doneness.nServe warm, at room temperature or chilled with the tzatziki. To serve chilled, cool, cover, and chill up to 1 day., ingredients: [1 cup plain 2percent fat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 13 cup chopped fresh basil, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra forseasoning, 12 an English hothouse cucumber, seeded 1 pound, Four 7ounce salmon fillets, each about 1inch thick,skinned, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: PanFried Salmon with Green Goddess Tzatziki, picturelink: 0FBMpzeTyqMPUyUqKlkrUOaRfU.5eZe}, 57702: {instructions: Whip the butter until it is light. Whip in the sugar and egg yolks and blend well. Gradually add in the flour until it is smooth and soft. Add more flour if needed.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a bowl cream together the feta, mascarpone, and eggs. Add the walnuts, orange zest, mint, and butter and blend well. Set aside.nRoll out dough on a floured board and cut dough into 3inch rounds. Take 1 tablespoon of the mixture and place it in the center of the circle. Moisten the edges and fold over into a half moon. Seal well. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.nBake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. When cool, sprinkle with powdered sugar and serve., ingredients: [1 34 cups flour, 34 cup sugar, 3 egg yolks, 12 cup butter, 12 pound feta, 3 ounces mascarpone, 2 eggs, beaten, 14 cup walnuts, toasted and crushed, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 tablespoon fresh mint leaves, crushed, 12 cup butter, softened, 14 cup powdered sugar], title: Cretan Turnovers: Skaltsounia, picturelink: null}, 57703: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly grease the minimuffin tins with vegetable oil spray. Place 1 teaspoon of slivered nuts in each of the muffin cups. Unwrap the caramel candies, cut each candy into quarters and place 4 quarters 1 candy in each of the muffin cups on top of the nuts in a single layer. Bake in the oven until the caramel is just melted and beginning to spread, about 8 minutes. Be careful not to over melt the caramel or it will bubble, burn, and become too hard. Place the mini muffin tins in the refrigerator for 5 minutes to cool. Remove the nut clusters from the tins and set aside.nMeanwhile, melt the bittersweet chocolate in a double boiler over low heat. Wisk 2 to 3 tablespoons of cream into the chocolate to slightly thin the chocolate for coating the clusters. Dip half of the nut clusters in the bittersweet chocolate and place on a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Return the clusters to the refrigerator to harden, about 30 minutes.nMelt the white chocolate in a double boiler over low heat. Wisk 2 to 3 tablespoons of cream into the chocolate to slightly thin the chocolate for coating the clusters. Dip remaining half of the nut clusters in the white chocolate and place on the parchment paperlined baking sheet with the other chocolatecovered clusters. Return the clusters to the refrigerator to harden, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 cup about 3 ounces toasted slivered almonds, 24 individually wrapped caramel candies about 6 ounces, 1 cup about 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate chips, 4 to 6 tablespoons cream, room temperature, divided, 1 cup about 6 ounces white chocolate chips, Special equipment: 2 mini muffin tins], title: Almond and Chocolate Clusters, picturelink: JDjpk9xdDjjrvxnMscaoMsXUkDjVZ1i}, 57704: {instructions: Special equipment: butchers string, 1 large ovensafe saute pannPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nWash and pat dry each poussin. Tuck 1 sage leaf under the skin of each breast. Season the inside of each cavity liberally with salt. Stuff each cavity with 1 lemon wedge and a generous amount of fresh thyme, rosemary, and sage. Truss each poussin see Cooks Note. Evenly coat each poussin with 2 tablespoons of the butter. Place the poussins breast side up on a baking tray and refrigerate for 20 minutes to let the butter harden.nHeat large saute pan over high heat and place poussin in pan breast side up. Sear for 2 minutes and then place in oven. Roast for 40 minutes, or until the juices run clear from the hip joint about 160 degrees F. Remove from the oven. Set the poussins aside in a warm place to rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Skim most of the fat from the saute pan and set aside drippings to finish Madeira Sauce. Remove the butchers string from poussins. Serve each person 12 poussin drizzled with 1 to 2 ounces of the Madeira Sauce. Garnish on a bed of greens with pomegranate seeds.nAfter skimming most of the fat drippings from the pan, return the pan to medium heat. Add the Madeira and simmer until the liquid is reduced by two thirds. Add the heavy cream and bring to a boil. Remove pan from heat, swirl in butter. Season with salt and serve with poussin., ingredients: [3 poussins, see Cooks Note, 1 bunch fresh sage, Kosher salt, for seasoning, 3 lemon wedges, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 bunch fresh rosemary, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, Madeira Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pomegranate, seeds removed and reserved for garnish, 12 cup Madeira wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt], title: Tie Me Up Poussin with Madeira Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57705: {instructions: Add the brown sugar, vinegar, chili sauce, ketchup and Worcestershire sauce to small saucepan and stir to combine. Add the hot sauce, salt and pepper to taste. Bring the mixture to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup chili sauce, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, Hot sauce, for seasoning, Salt and pepper], title: Pork BBQ Sauce, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 57706: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo rim the glasses: Put the syrup and chopped chocolate into 2 small dishes. Moisten the rims of 4 margarita or martini glasses with the chocolate syrup. Dip them in the Mexican chocolate until coated. Set aside.nMargarita: Combine all of the ingredients, except ice, in a pitcher. Working in batches, transfer the mixture to a shaker full of ice. Shake and pour into the prepared glasses. Serve cold., ingredients: [Chocolate syrup, Finely chopped Mexican or bittersweet chocolate, 12 cup chocolate syrup, 1 cup 8 ounces tequila, 12 cup 4 ounces chocolate liqueur recommended: Godiva, 13 cup heavy cream, 13 cup orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Ice], title: Chocolate Margarita, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 57707: {instructions: For the cioppino: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Wipe down the grates with an oilblotted towel to clean and create a nonstick surface.nSqueeze the lemon halves catching the seeds and discarding into a large bowl, then add the lemon halves to the bowl as well. Add the wine, olive oil, capers, salt, chile flakes, peppers and garlic. Whisk to combine and set aside.nClean and cut the crabs: remove the hard shell, cut off the tail and discard the gills, then cut the halves into pieces so each piece has 2 to 3 legs. Place the crabs, scallops, shrimp and halibut in the marinade and gently toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour, giving it a stir after 30 minutes.nFor the puree: Place the tomatoes, bell peppers, fennel and onions in a large gratin dish, and then drizzle with three tablespoons of the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the fennel seeds and chile flakes and toss to coat everything evenly. Cut the top off of the bulb of garlic to expose the cloves. Place the garlic on a large piece of foil and drizzle with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with a pinch each salt and pepper. Wrap up the foil into a tight pouch. Place the vegetables on the grill and the garlic pouch in the corner of the grill over indirect heat. Grill the vegetables on both sides until tender and charred around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the vegetables and set aside. Roast the garlic over direct heat until medium brown and pastelike, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove from the grill, cool enough to handle, then squeeze out the garlic paste from the bulb and set aside. Working in batches, add the vegetables and garlic paste to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until saucelike in appearance and consistency. Transfer to a large saute pan set over medium heat. Stir and simmer until the sauce slightly thickens, 7 to 8 minutes. Add half of the basil and the ouzo, then remove from the heat and set aside.nGrill the crab for 4 to 5 minutes, then flip and cook for another 3 to 4 minutes. Grill the shrimp for 3 to 4 minutes then flip and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Finally add the halibut and scallops to the grill cook for 2 to 3 minutes on the first side then turn over and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Remove all the seafood from the grill to a platter.nServe the seafood familystyle with the sauce generously ladled on top. Garnish with the remaining basil, the quartered lemons and the reserved fennel fronds., ingredients: [Oil, for greasing, 5 lemons, 3 halved and 2 quartered, 2 cups dry California white wine, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons capers, roughly chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, Two 2pound Dungeness crabs, 8 large sea scallops, cleaned with muscles removed, 6 jumbo shrimp U4count, head and tail on, 1 pound boneless, skinless halibut fillet, 8 Roma tomatoes, tops trimmed and halved, 2 large red bell peppers, cheeks removed, seeded and ribs removed, 1 large bulb fennel, trimmed and quartered, fronds reserved for garnish, 1 large sweet onion, cut into 1inch rings, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 bulb garlic, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 2 tablespoons ouzo], title: Grilled Cioppino with FireRoasted Tomato and Vegetable Puree, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 57708: {instructions: Chill 2 martini glasses. In a large martini shaker, add the chocolate vodka, vanilla vodka, coffee liqueur and fill with ice. Shake the cocktail well for 30 seconds. Pour the cocktail into the glasses and garnish with espresso beans and shaved chocolate., ingredients: [1 cup chocolateflavored vodka, 1 cup vanillaflavored vodka, 12 cup coffeeflavored liqueur, Ice, Chocolatecovered espresso beans, for garnish, Chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: After Midnight Cocktail, picturelink: 9rNGoEWjAirpeqqTV5dTqByHk8Danp2}, 57709: {instructions: Dice all the vegetable ingredients and mix well. Stir in the cilantro, olive oil, cayenne, salt and pepper, and lemon juice, to taste. Cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [14 bunch celery, 1 red bell pepper, 12 red onion, 5 mangos, 2 jalapenos, 12 bunch chopped cilantro leaves, 2 ounces olive oil, 12 tablespoon cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper, Fresh lemon juice], title: Mango Chutney, picturelink: null}, 57710: {instructions: Special equipment: a lidded 16ounce heatsafe containernPut the beef, soy sauce, sesame oil and sugar in the bottom of a lidded 16ounce heatsafe container, and mix. Add in layers, in this order from the bottom up, kimchi and juice, beef base, noodles, bean sprouts, scallions and sesame seeds. Secure the lid, and refrigerate until using, up to overnight.nWhen ready to eat, add boiling water to cover about 1 cup. Stir gently to loosen the layers, cover and let sit until heated through, 3 to 4 minutes. Before eating, stir again to combine the ingredients., ingredients: [2 thin slices deli roast beef, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 14 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup kimchi plus 1 teaspoon juice, Heaping 12 teaspoon beef base see Cooks Note, Half a package fresh udon noodles about 3 12 ounces, or 100 grams, loosened to separate into individual noodles, 14 cup fresh bean sprouts, 1 scallion, greens only, thinly sliced, 14 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds], title: JustAddWater Kimchi Beef Noodle Soup, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 57711: {instructions: Combine the dry ingredients in a stainless steel bowl. Combine the liquid ingredients in a separate bowl using a whisk. Pour the liquid ingredients into the dry ingredients and whisk together. Allow to rest for 30 minutes before cooking.nWhen ready to cook stir in the jalapeno and cheddar cheese. Cook on a lightly oiled griddle or low sided pan. When the first side has cooked to a golden brown, flip and cook second side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup corn meal, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 whole eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped, seeded jalapeno pepper, 14 cup grated cheddar cheese], title: JalapenoCheddar Johnny Cakes, picturelink: null}, 57712: {instructions: Heat extravirgin olive oil in a small skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the anchovies and let them melt into the oil. Add the chile and garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the kale and let it wilt, turning it in the chile and garlic with tongs. Douse the pan with the ale and toss for 1 to 2 minutes more, than add nutmeg, and salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the kale to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 anchovy fillets, 1 chile pepper, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 large bunch or black kale, lacinato or dinosaur, stemmed and thickly shredded, 1 cup ale, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Kale with Garlic, Anchovies and Ale, picturelink: null}, 57713: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray 6 cups of a standard muffin tin with the cooking spray, sprinkle with granulated sugar to cover the entire cup and dust off any excess. This will prevent the lava cakes from sticking. Set aside.nMelt the chocolate and coconut oil together in a double boiler, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the flour and salt and stir until combined. Whisk the eggs and egg yolks together in a small bowl and slowly add to the chocolate mixture. Stir in 1 teaspoon of the red food coloring.nIn a small bowl, beat together the cream cheese, granulated sugar, vanilla extract and remaining 1 teaspoon red food coloring. Spoon the filling mixture into a disposable pastry or icing bag and make a small cut when ready to fill.nUsing a heaping 14cup scoop, divide the lava cake mixture among the prepared muffin cups. Fill the centers with about 1 12 tablespoons of the cream cheese mixture. Bake until the edges are firm but the centers are not set, 9 to 11 minutes. Cool for 2 to 3 minutes, invert and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Serve immediately. To make ahead, bake for 8 minutes, invert and rewarm in the microwave for 1 minute. Dust with powdered sugar., ingredients: [Coconut oil cooking spray, for spraying the muffin tin, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, plus more for dusting the muffin tin, 6 ounces semisweet chocolate, 6 tablespoons unrefined coconut oil, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon pinch fine salt, 2 large eggs plus 2 large egg yolks, 2 teaspoons red gel food coloring, 3 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Powdered sugar, for dusting], title: Red Velvet Lava Cakes, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 57714: {instructions: In a medium size bowl, mash together the achiote paste, garlic, orange juice, lime juice, bay leaves, cumin, cinnamon, thyme, oregano, salt, and pepper with a fork. Add the pork, toss to evenly coat and marinate, at room temperature, at least 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees. Heat a dry cast iron skillet over high heat. Char the onion until blackened on both sides. Char the tomatoes on both sides. Reserve.nLine a large baking dish with one layer of the banana leaves or foil. Arrange the pork in an even layer and top with the onions, tomatoes and chiles and all the marinade. Cover with more banana leaves and wrap the dish tightly in foil. Bake for 212 hours or until the pork is tender and moist. Remove from oven and let sit 10 minutes. Unwrap and serve with pickled shallots., ingredients: [34 cup Annatto or Achiote paste, 10 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 12 cup orange juice, Juice of 2 limes, 8 bay leaves, crumbled, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 2 teaspoon ground thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 4 pounds pork butt, cut into 2inch chunks, 1 pound banana leaves, softened over low flame, or foil, 2 white onions, sliced 12inch thick, 5 Roma tomatoes, sliced 12inch thick, 4 Anaheim chiles, roasted, peeled and sliced into strips], title: Cochinita Pibil, picturelink: null}, 57715: {instructions: Place the rice in a large pot and rinse under cold running water until the water runs clear. Drain well and add 4 12 cups water to the pot. Sprinkle with the salt and add the butter, ginger and lemon zest. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer. Cover and cook 15 minutes without removing the lid.nRemove the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Cover again and keep warm until ready to serve. For drier rice, leave the lid off after fluffing. Sprinkle with the chopped cilantro before serving., ingredients: [3 cups basmati rice, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 14 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Lemon Ginger Basmati Rice, picturelink: QqVNBMEFyeHhMK1PTRuVDBiEbDTlbZ6}, 57716: {instructions: In a very clean 1 quart glass jar combine the chilies and the vinegar and let the mixture steep, covered with the lid, in a cool dark place for at least 2 days and up to 2 weeks, depending on the strength desired. Strain the vinegar through a fine sieve into a glass pitcher, reserving 2 chilies for garnish and discarding the rest, and pour it into 2 very clean 12pint glass jars. Add the reserved chilies and seal the jars with the lids., ingredients: [20 2inchlong dried chilies, 2 cups whitewine vinegar], title: Chili Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 57717: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour and salt in a food processor. Add the butter and shortening and pulse until the mixture looks like coarse meal with peasize bits of butter. Drizzle in 3 tablespoons ice water and pulse until the dough begins to come together add more water, 12 tablespoon at a time, if necessary. Turn out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and pat into a disk wrap tightly and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nRoll out the dough into an 11inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edges with your fingers. Pierce the bottom all over with a fork. Refrigerate the crust until firm, about 30 minutes.nPlace a baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F. Make the filling: Whisk the heavy whipping cream, sugar, flour and vanilla in a bowl. Pour into the chilled crust, dot with the butter and sprinkle the nutmeg on top. Carefully transfer the pie plate to the hot baking sheet and bake 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking until the crust is golden and the filling is bubbly in spots, about 55 more minutes the center will still jiggle slightly cover the crust edges with foil if theyre browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely. Serve chilled or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg], title: Sugar Cream Pie, picturelink: C4hatQGQ7JbTnxIc1VC04bMrKscOuIq}, 57718: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nMix all of the ingredients in a large bowl, except for the chicken. Grill the wings until they are cooked through. Dip in sauce and serve., ingredients: [36 fresh chicken drummettes, 25 ounces ketchup, 2 ounces cayenne pepper, 2 ounces garlic, 2 ounces Cajun seasoning, 2 cups balsamic vinegar, 10 ounces soy sauce, 10 ounces Worcestershire sauce, 2 ounces white pepper], title: Wings, picturelink: null}, 57719: {instructions: Special equipment: One 12cup nonstick muffin pan, each cup about 12cup capacity, or a 12cup popover pan, each cup about 12cup capacitynPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Butter the muffin cups.nHeat the oil over medium heat in a medium nonstick skillet. Add the sausage and break it into 14to12inch pieces using a wooden spoon. Cook until brown and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Spoon about 1 12 tablespoons sausage into each muffin cup. Sprinkle the cheese on top of the sausage.nBlend the eggs in a blender until frothy, about 15 seconds. Add the milk, flour, green onions, basil, salt and pepper. Blend until just incorporated. Pour the batter into the muffin cups, filling each cup to just below the rim. Bake, without opening the oven door, until puffed and golden, about 35 minutes.nPlace the popovers on a platter and drizzle with maple syrup., ingredients: [Butter, for greasing the pan, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Two 3to4ounce sweet or spicy Italian sausage links, casings removed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup shredded smoked mozzarella 4 ounces, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 cups milk, at room temperature, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 small green onions, pale green and white parts only, finely sliced to yield 14 cup, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Maple syrup, for drizzling], title: Breakfast Popovers with Italian Sausage, picturelink: .gYCf7PepjdzrKXpsxVAZgQ.C90CnwO}, 57720: {instructions: In a small bowl cream together the butter, the horseradish, the chives, and salt and pepper, to taste. Let the butter stand, covered, in a cool place for 1 hour to allow the flavors to develop. Serve the butter with grilled meat., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons drained bottled horseradish, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives], title: Horseradish Chive Butter, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 57721: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake vigorously. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass over ice., ingredients: [1ounce Jagermeister, 1ounce Irish Cream Liqueur, 1ounce Butterscotch Schnapps, 12ounce Cinnamon Schnapps, Raisins, for garnish, optional], title: The Oatmeal Cookie Drink, picturelink: null}, 57722: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat.nDivide the ground chuck into 6 equal mounds. Place a piece of cheese in the middle of a mound and bring the meat up and around the cheese. Flatten the mound into a patty with cheese tucked inside. Continue with the remaining meat and cheese. Season the patties evenly with the salt. Place the patties on the preheated grill and cook until the meat is nicely browned and the cheese is melted inside, about 4 minutes per side. Place on the slider buns and build as desired using the slider bar topping options., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck, 4 ounces Cheddar, sliced 14 inch thick and then into 1inch squares, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 6 slider buns, such as Martins Party Potato Rolls, Sliced Roma tomatoes, Sliced pickles, Shredded romaine lettuce, Arugula, Ketchup, Mustard, Sriracha, Grape jelly, Mayonnaise, Pesto, Potato Chips], title: Inside Out Slider Bar, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 57723: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Brush broth sides of the bread slices with olive oil and place on a baking sheet. Place the baking sheet in the oven and bake for 5 minutes. Turn the bread slices over and bake for another 5 minutes, or until toasted. Remove from the oven and cool. Preheat the broiler to high. Place each of the fig halves on a slice of toasted bread. Season with salt and pepper. Top with 1 ounce of crumbled gorgonzola. Place on a baking sheet. Broil the fig and gorgonzola sandwiches for 1 minute, or just until the cheese begins to melt. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with toasted walnuts. Top each sandwich with another slice of bread. Serve., ingredients: [1 loaf French bread, sliced into 14 inch thick slices, Olive oil, 9 fresh figs, sliced in half, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 18 ounces Gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, 1 cup toasted walnuts, chopped], title: Broiled Fig and Gorgonzola Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 57724: {instructions: Combine the carrots, celery, cabbage, pancetta, beans, tomato paste, parmesan rind, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper and 7 cups water in a 5to6quart slow cooker. Cover and cook on low, 7 to 8 hours. Leave 1 slice of bread at room temperature to dry out slightly.nBefore serving, add the stale bread to the slow cooker. Cover and continue to cook, about 10 minutes. Stir the soup well, then add the grated parmesan and parsley. Season with salt and pepper.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler. Spread the remaining 4 bread slices on a baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil. Broil until golden, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Place a slice in each bowl.nHeat 3 tablespoons olive oil and the garlic in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook, swirling the pan frequently, until the garlic is golden brown, about 3 minutes. Stir the garlic and oil into the soup. Ladle the soup over the bread in the bowls., ingredients: [3 medium carrots, roughly chopped, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 14 small head green cabbage, sliced about 3 cups, 4 ounces pancetta, diced, 1 cup dried cannellini beans, picked over and rinsed, 14 cup tomato paste, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus a 2inch piece of the rind, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 thick slices crusty bread, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 cloves garlic, sliced], title: SlowCooker Ribollita, picturelink: v2UPZ64avJ1BzkzOirPI.KPpGZe16Km}, 57725: {instructions: In a large stew pot over mediumhigh heat, add 4 tablespoons olive oil. Add onions, carrots, celery, garlic, cornstarch, tomatoes, turmeric, and red pepper flakes. Saute for 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd the stew beef and the beef stock. Add salt and pepper to taste. Reduce heat and let stew simmer for 1 hour 30 minutes. Stir periodically. Serve hot., ingredients: [Olive oil, 1 cup onions, diced medium, 2 cups carrots, chopped, 1 cup celery, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 cups beefsteak tomatoes, chopped, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 12 pounds stew beef, cubed, 24 ounces beef stock, Salt and pepper], title: Beef Stew, picturelink: Magqg5h4Xo8PcKEO2GLThez2.NI1RB2}, 57726: {instructions: Toss grated potatoes in 14 pound clarified butter. Season with salt and freshly ground pepper.nHeat 2 nonstick saute pans over high heat until nearly smoking. Divide remaining butter between the 2 pans. Add the potatoes evenly to each pan, and shape them into thick pancakes. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, then reduce heat. Saute until almost golden brown. Use a spatula to check the underside of the pancake, turn over and cook other side until golden. Remove galettes from pans and warm in a preheated 425 degree F. oven for 10 minutes.nPrepare dill cream: In a bowl, mix together shallots, dill, creme fraiche or sour cream, juice of 12 lemon and season with salt and pepper. Mix well.nRemove galettes from oven while still warm. Spread with dill cream and cover with slices of smoked salmon. Lightly brush smoked salmon with olive oil, then sprinkle with black pepper and remaining lemon juice. Cut galettes into desired portions and garnish with caviar and chopped chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 potatoes, peeled and grated, 12 pound clarified butter, Salt and pepper, 1 pound smoked salmon, thinly sliced, 3 shallots, minced, 5 sprigs fresh dill, chopped, 12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 lemon, juiced, Pinch black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 bunch fresh chives, chopped, 3 ounces caviar], title: Crisp Potato Galette with Smoked Salmon and Caviar, picturelink: null}, 57727: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the fennel halves, cutside up, in a baking dish and drizzle with enough olive oil to come up halfway season with a generous amount of salt and pepper. Roast for 30 minutes or until completely tender  the roasted fennel is the base of the soup, so its important the flesh is soft enough to be cut with a spoon. Reserve until ready to serve.nIn a large pot, melt the butter over medium flame, add the onion and garlic, and saute for 4 minutes until translucent. Toss the thyme into the pan, along with the mushrooms, season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, for 10 to 15 minutes, until the mushrooms give off their liquid. Add the chestnuts and cook for a few more minutes until they have some nice color on them. Remove about 1 cup of the mixture to save as a garnish for the soup.nPour the stock into the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, uncovered, for 15 minutes, stirring now and then. Remove from the heat and puree the soup until completely smooth, using a handheld or regular blender. Stir in the cream to make the soup even richer, and simmer gently for 5 minutes. Taste for salt and pepper.nTo serve: Ladle the soup into soup bowls garnish each serving with a bit of the reserved mushrooms and chestnuts, a roasted fennel half, and a sprinkle of chopped chives., ingredients: [6 small fennel bulbs, stalks removed, halved lengthwise, Extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 large onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 12 bunch fresh thyme sprigs, leaves stripped from the stem, 1 pound white button mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped, 1 pound oyster mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped, 1 pound chanterelle mushrooms, wiped of grit and coarsely chopped, 1 pound cooked chestnuts, 3 quarts chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, Fresh chopped chives, for garnish], title: Wild Mushroom Soup with Chestnuts and Roasted Fennel, picturelink: zdZB6nHOZ3ZgIrIm4x.FiEyu7yTP4y}, 57728: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the cucumber and slice it very, very thin. Lay the cucumber slices out on a sheet of paper towel and cover them with a second sheet. Let stand until the paper towels soak up the cucumber slices liquid, about 15 minutes.nMash the butter, scallions, dill, horseradish, salt and pepper together in a small bowl until well blended. Spread 5 of the bread slices with half of the dill butter, then top the butter with a layer of cucumber slicesu00bfits fine if they overlap a little bit. Spread the remaining butter over the remaining bread and top the sandwiches. Cut each sandwich into 4 pieces., ingredients: [1 cucumber, 4 tablespoons butter, at room temperature, 2 scallions, minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon red horseradish or white if you cant find red, Large pinch salt, Several grinds of black pepper, 10 slices very thin white bread recommended: Pepperidge Farm], title: CukewithaKick Finger Sandwiches, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 57729: {instructions: Put the couscous in a medium heatproof bowl add 1 cup boiling water and stir. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring often, until it starts softening, about 5 minutes. Stir in the paprika, cumin, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onion is coated, about 1 minute. Stir in 12 cup water, the tomatoes, green beans, olives and brine, and cilantro. Bring to a simmer and cook until slightly reduced, about 5 minutes.nStir in the mussels. Cover and cook until they start opening, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the shrimp continue to cook, covered, until the mussels are open and the shrimp are opaque, about 5 minutes. Discard any unopened mussels. Fluff the couscous with a fork. Divide among bowls top with the seafood stew and more cilantro.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 cup couscous, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, halved and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 26ounce box chopped tomatoes such as Pomi or two 14 12ounce cans diced tomatoes, 8 ounces green beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup pitted green olives, plus 14 cup brine, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for topping, 2 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 12 ounces medium shrimp, peeled and deveined], title: Moroccan Seafood Stew with Couscous, picturelink: MyoHu1aps9pKFndP6r3ZbfnKJ6iyzd2}, 57730: {instructions: Shake all ingredients over ice and add a splash of Sprite or club soda. Garnish with a lime and cherry., ingredients: [1 part Roses Lime, 1 part grenadine, 12 part simple syrup, 3 parts water], title: Pink Lime, picturelink: null}, 57731: {instructions: Cook 8 to 10 garlic cloves and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a skillet with vegetable oil until the garlic is golden. Add 10 cups baby spinach and cook until wilted add a big splash of water and some salt. Top with toasted sesame seeds and drizzle with sesame oil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: GarlicSesame Spinach, picturelink: dvGTo250LMCXDnlimm3AUth4I1pNql.}, 57732: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor, combine galangal, garlic, Thai chilies, shallots, 1 cup cilantro leaves, coconut milk, chili sauce and salt and pepper to taste. Pulse on high for 30 seconds or until mixture is a smooth puree. Place chicken in a bowl and pour marinade over chicken, turning the chicken several times to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 24 hours.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nRemove chicken from marinade and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper. In a large ovensafe saute pan on medium high heat, add canola oil and sear chicken, skin side down. Let chicken cook, undisturbed, for 3 to 4 minutes or until browned well. Place pan in oven for 12 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Remove chicken from pan and set aside until cool enough to handle. Meanwhile, in the same saute pan, add chicken stock and Buddha Chicken Chili Sauce and bring to a simmer, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to incorporate any browned bits. Let mixture simmer for 6 to 8 minutes. Add butter and stir to incorporate.nWhile the sauce is simmering, French the chicken pieces: using a kitchen towel, hold the wing tip of the chicken and scrape the meat toward the breast until the bone is bare. Repeat the process with the drumstick and thigh portion and set aside.nTo serve:nUsing square plates, shingle slices of peeled sliced lime, top with some Choi Sum, place the chicken on top, and drizzle with more sweet Thai chili sauce, if desired.nIn a medium nonreactive bowl, dissolve sugar in lime juice and mix well. Add chili sauce and mix to combine. Place the mixture into the bowl of a food processor and pulse until smooth, about 15 seconds.nIn a medium pot, bring 4 quarts of salted water to a boil. Place ice cubes in a medium bowl and cover with cold water. When water is boiling, add choi sum and cook for 10 seconds. Remove from water and add to bowl with ice cubes to stop the cooking process. Once cooled, remove from bowl and place onto paper towel lined plate to drain excess water.nJust before serving, heat oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add garlic and onion and sweat for 15 seconds. Add choi sum, chili sauce, sugar, and lime juice, and continue to cook for 30 seconds. Drain on a paper towellined plate before serving., ingredients: [4 3inch pieces galangal, 24 cloves garlic, 8 Thai chiles, finely chopped, 24 shallots, roughly chopped, 1 cup cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, 24 ounces coconut milk, 12 ounces sweet Thai chili sauce, plus more for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds skinon chicken pieces, leg and breast only, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 ounces chicken stock, 1 recipe Buddha Chicken Chili Sauce, recipe follows, 3 ounces unsalted butter, 4 limes, peeled and sliced, Choi Sum, recipe follows, 8 ounces sweet Thai chili sauce, 2 ounces sugar, 3 ounces lime juice, Ice cubes, 16 ounces choi sum, or bok choy, 4 tablespoons olive or vegetable oil, 6 tablespoons thinly sliced garlic, 6 tablespoons finely diced sweet white onion, 16 tablespoons sweet Thai chili sauce, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 3 limes, juiced], title: Roasted Buddha Chicken, picturelink: iAxLlit37wq5mlWhZ.1LRJLy1ba652}, 57733: {instructions: Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Add the flour to a pie plate and season with salt and pepper, paprika, and cayenne, whisking to incorporate. Dredge the chicken through the flour, shaking off the excess.nHeat a large skillet with the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken skin side meaty side down and sear until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes, Flip and continue cooking the other side for 3 more minutes. Remove to a platter and set aside.nAdd the white wine to the skillet and scrape the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Add the chicken stock, orange juice and zest and the hot sauce. Add the red pepper flakes and whisk in the hot sauce and mustard. Bring to a simmer and add the chicken and the juices that are left in the platter. Top with the prunes. Reduce the heat to low and cover tightly with a lid. Let the chicken braise for 40 minutes.nUncover the chicken and remove to a serving platter. Turn the heat to high and let the sauce reduce for 2 to 3 minutes. Once thickened, taste for seasoning, and pour the sauce and prunes over the chicken. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 12 pounds skinless boneless chicken thighs, washed and dried, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup white wine, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon orange zest, 1 orange, juiced, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 2 tablespoons Dijon Mustard, 1 cup pitted prunes], title: Neelys Deviled Chicken, picturelink: null}, 57734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPierce potatoes and rub skins with oil. Place in a shallow baking pan in a single layer. Bake uncovered for 50 minutes or until tender. Allow to cool.nIn a mixing bowl, combine Monterey jack, sour cream, cream cheese, onions, basil, garlic, salt, and pepper and mix well. When the potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut them in half lengthwise. Carefully scoop out the pulp, leaving a thin shell. Add pulp to the cheese mixture and mash. Stir in half of the cooked, crumbled bacon. Stuff potato shells.nIn a separate bowl add the crushed pretzels, the remaining bacon, and the melted butter. Mix well. Top each potato with the pretzel topping.nPlace in a baking dish or on a cookie sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until heated through. These can also be frozen and then baked at a later date. Be sure to thaw before baking., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small red potatoes new potatoes, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 3 ounces cream cheese, 13 cup minced green onions, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 clove minced garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 pound bacon, cooked and crumbled, 1 cup crushed garlic flavored pretzels, 12 stick butter, melted], title: Twice Baked New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 57735: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. and on low fan speed, if using a convection oven.nBy hand in a large bowl, blend the butter pats with the flour, sugar, brown sugar, salt and baking powder until the butter has been combined. Add the blueberries, and mix well, being careful not to crush all the berries.nIn second bowl with a whisk, blend the cream, halfandhalf, and the egg. Stir in the flour mixture and mix until the dough comes together. This is our scone dough. Remove the scone dough from bowl and knead on floured counter, rolling 5 to 6 times, ensuring not to over blend this will result in a tough dough. Divide the dough into 12 even triangular shape portions. Arrange on a cookie sheet and bake until the tops are slightly browned, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and transfer the scones to a serving platter., ingredients: [14 cup butter, cold and cut in pats, 1 34 cup allpurpose flour, 18 cup granulated sugar, 18 cup light brown sugar, Pinch kosher salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 cup fresh blueberries, rinsed and dried, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup halfandhalf, 1 egg, beaten], title: Blueberry Scones, picturelink: null}, 57736: {instructions: Special equipment: a 9 by 5 by3inch loaf pan a food processor or blendernPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the bread crumbs and the milk in a large bowl. Set aside.nCombine the onion, garlic, egg, fennel, salt, pepper, parsley, and 12 cup of the MP Sauce. Add the bread crumb mixture and mix well. Gently mix in the ground meats.nPack this mixture into the loaf pan. Pour the remaining 12 cup of MP Sauce over top. Place on a baking sheet and bake for about 1 hour and 10 minutes, until an instantread thermometer reaches 160 degrees F. Let rest at least 15 minutes before slicing.nServe hot accompanied by Millionaires Relish.nIn a large stainlesssteel pot, combine all the ingredients except for the salt and baking soda. Bring the mixture to a boil over high heat, then reduce to mediumlow heat. Simmer gently for about 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Allow the mixture to cool for at least 15 minutes before adding to the food processor or blender.nPuree the sauce in batches, then press the sauce through a fine sieve for a smooth finish. Stir in the salt and baking soda, which will help to balance the acidity of the sauce.nPut the cucumbers, onion, and hot pepper in a large bowl and sprinkle with salt. Let stand for 30 minutes, then drain.nMeanwhile in a mediumsized stockpot over high heat, bring the sugar, vinegar, mustard seed, celery seed, cloves, and turmeric to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the drained cucumber, onion and hot pepper. Cook until the mixture thickens, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup dry bread crumbs, 14 cup milk, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 5 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 egg, 3 teaspoons fennel seed, toasted, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 cup MP Sauce, recipe follows, 34 pound ground beef, 34 pound ground veal, 34 pound ground pork, Millionaires Relish, recipe follows, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup blackstrap molasses, 14 cup corn syrup, 13 cup shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons finely chopped tarragon leaves, 1 tablespoon chipotle peppers, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sambal oelek, 14 cup dried dates, pitted and chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons tamarind paste, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pinch baking soda, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and finely diced about 4 cups, 1 large onion, finely diced, 1 small hot pepper, seeded, finely diced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 teaspoons mustard seed, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon turmeric], title: Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 57737: {instructions: Add the flour, salt and honey to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix until combined.nAdd the water and yeast to a small bowl and allow it to sit for 15 minutes. Add the yeast water to the flour mixture and beat until well mixed. Put the mixing bowl in a warm place, cover and let rise until the dough is doubled in size. Punch the dough down and divide it into 6 equal parts. Form into six 6inch loaves, cover and allow them to double in size.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Arrange the loaves on a baking sheet and bake until light brown.nEnjoy, ingredients: [3 cups bread flour, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 14 cups warm water, 1 12 tablespoons yeast], title: Chef Ricks Classic French Bread, picturelink: null}, 57738: {instructions: Place a large non stick pan over a medium heat and when it is hot, add the eggplant. Cook until the eggplant is golden brown on all sides, about 1015 minutes. Remove the eggplant and set it aside. Reheat the pan, add the sausage and cook over medium high heat until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Discard the fat. When the sausage is cool enough to handle, roughly chop it. Reheat the pan an add the oil. Add the garlic and onion and cook for 2 minutes. Add the reserved sausage, raisins, ginger root, capers, tomatoes, salt, orange juice, curry powder, pepper flakes, honey, reserved eggplant and 14 cup water, stirring well after each addition. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the eggplant is soft and the mixture is chunky and saucey, adding more water if necessary, or about 30 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the vinegar, basil, cilantro, parsley, rosemary and scallions. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 eggplant, peeled and cut in medium dice, 12 ounces sweet Italian sausage, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 small red onion, peeled and minced, 1 teaspoon minced fresh peeled ginger, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 teaspoons chopped capers, 1 cup chopped fresh or canned tomatoes, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 14 to 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 to 1 cup water, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions], title: Eggplant Caponata, picturelink: null}, 57739: {instructions: In medium bowl combine chickpeas, tomato, onion, garlic and mint. Add vinegar and olive oil. Toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper. Chill and serve., ingredients: [1 can chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 1 teaspoon dried mint, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 small tomato, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced], title: Chickpea Salad, picturelink: null}, 57740: {instructions: For the marinade: Combine the ginger, chiles, garlic, salt, garam masala, oil, and lemon juice in a bowl, and mix well to make a paste. Add the chicken and coat each piece well in the paste. Place the chicken on a sheet pan, then cover with plastic wrap and leave for a couple of hours or overnight in the refrigerator. Remove the chicken from the refrigerator and bring back to room temperature before continuing.nPreheat the oven to 435 degrees F.nPour the 3 tablespoons oil into a roasting pan large enough to hold all the chicken pieces in one layer. Place the pan on a high shelf in the oven for 15 minutes to heat up.nMix the salt, black pepper, and cumin into the bread crumbs. Take the chicken out of the marinade, letting the excess drip off and roll each piece in the crumbs ensuring an even coating on all sides.nDip the chicken pieces into the beaten egg and add a second coating of crumbs. Place them in the heated roasting pan, and cook for 20 minutes. Then lower the oven to 400 degrees F, turn the chicken and cook for another 15 to 25 minutes depending on the size of the chicken pieces, or until cooked through.nPlace the chicken on a serving dish with the cut lemon wedges and serve., ingredients: [Large knob fresh ginger, peeled, and roughly chopped, 2 to 4 green chiles, cut in half with the stalk, seeds and membranes removed, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, peeled, and finely chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 2 tablespoons oil, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 pound 12ounces chicken pieces, skinned, and pricked all over with a fork, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 slices white bread, processed to crumbs in a food processor, 1 to 2 large freerange eggs, beaten, 1 lemon, cut into wedges, to serve], title: OvenFried Chile Chicken, picturelink: null}, 57741: {instructions: Cover and bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil. Prepare an icewater bath. Add the peas and cook, uncovered, until tender but still bright green, about 3 minutes. Remove peas, drain, and plunge the peas into the icewater bath to stop the cooking. Drain well. Add beets to boiling water and cook until tender, about 40 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and plunge the beets into the icewater bath to stop the cooking. Drain well. Peel beets and cut into 18inch pieces. Transfer to a large bowl.nIn a deep container, combine chives and vinegar using an immersion blender. Add oil in a slow steady stream and blend until emulsified. Season with salt and pepper. Strain mixture through a fine sieve.nIn a medium bowl, combine peas and cucumbers. Add 14 cup chive oil and mix to combine. Gently toss in avocados.nTo serve, place a 9inch ring mold on a platter. Fill with the beet mixture. Top with pea mixture, spreading evenly. Drizzle with a little of the remaining chive oil reserve any extra for another use. Top with horseradish cream.nHorseradish Cream:n1 cup heavy creamn2 limes, zested and juicedn3 tablespoons freshly grated horseradishnIn a medium bowl, combine cream, lime juice and zest. Whisk until soft peaks form. Fold in the horseradish. Serve immediately.nYield: 2 cups, ingredients: [14 pound fresh peas, 34 pound medium beets, 3 ounces chives, coarsely chopped, 34 cup white wine vinegar, 1 12 cups olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 pound medium cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 ripe avocados, halved, pitted, and cut into 12inch pieces, Horseradish Cream, recipe follows], title: Avocado, Beet, Pea and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 57742: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFirst make the brat seasoning by combining equal parts of the sea salt, white pepper, celery seed, mace and 1 tablespoon of the sage. Set aside.nUsing a meat grinder or food mixer with a sausage grinding attachment, grind the pork butt and jowl fat twice until combined and a smooth consistency.nAdd 2 ounces of the prepared brat seasoning to the ice water and mix until it forms an emulsion then add to the pork mix.nKnot one end of the casing and attach the casing to the mixer sausage making attachment, fill the casings until approximately 3 inches in length, twist and repeat to the desired sausage amount and then tie a knot to secure the last sausage.nPoach the sausages in 165 to 170 degree water until the internal temperature reaches 155 degrees roughly 5 minutes. Put sausages on a grillunder a broiler to finish.nAlternatively, the brat can be cooked in a preheated 375 degree oven for twenty minutes or until they are golden brown., ingredients: [Sea salt, White pepper, Celery seed, Mace, Minced sage, 4 pounds pork butt and 1 pound pork jowl fat, cured overnight with kosher salt, 1 cup ice water, Natural sausage casings, soaked in ice water], title: Prime Meats Bratwurst, picturelink: rn7C4lFj0h0Swzgj3ns.2O7jEShNaBu}, 57743: {instructions: Peel the husks off the corn and shave the corn into a bowl with a sharp knife. In a large pot, add the mung beans and coconut milk. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce to medium heat and simmer for 20 minutes, or until the mung beans soften. Add the shaved corn and stir for 5 minutes, or until the pudding thickens. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 10 more minutes, or until the corn softens. Now add the sugar and coconut cream, and stir again. Cook for a further 3 minutes, and then transfer to small bowls and garnish with a sprinkle of toasted sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 young white corn, 1 cup dried peeled yellow mung beans lentils, soaked in water for 1 hour and then drained, 4 cups coconut milk See Cooks Notes, 5 12 ounces sugar, 1 cup coconut cream, 1 tablespoon toasted white sesame seeds], title: Sweet Corn Pudding: Che Bap, picturelink: null}, 57744: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the broiler for 5 minutes and place the oven rack 6 inches below the heat.nCombine the garlic, thyme, rosemary, parsley, and Parmesan and set aside. Carefully crack 3 eggs into each of 2 small bowls or teacups you wont be baking them in these without breaking the yolks. Its very important to have all the eggs ready to go before you start cooking.nPlace 2 individual gratin dishes on a baking sheet. Place 1 tablespoon of cream and 12 tablespoon of butter in each dish and place under the broiler for about 3 minutes, until hot and bubbly. Quickly, but carefully, pour 3 eggs into each gratin dish and sprinkle evenly with the herb mixture, then sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Place back under the broiler for 5 to 6 minutes, until the whites of the eggs are almost cooked. Rotate the baking sheet once if they arent cooking evenly. The eggs will continue to cook after you take them out of the oven. Allow to set for 60 seconds and serve hot with toasted bread., ingredients: [14 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 14 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan, 6 extralarge eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Toasted French bread or brioche, for serving], title: HerbedBaked Eggs, picturelink: V9GclU34nPKf7qewnPjaw5aeXmXh1Ay}, 57745: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the raspberries, mustard and pomegranate juice into a food processor or blender and puree until smooth. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a slow steady stream, until a smooth emulsified dressing has formed. Season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste. If the dressing is too thick, add another tablespoon of juice.nPlace half of the dressing in the bottom of a large chilled salad bowl and top with mixed greens. Toss when ready to serve and garnish salad with additional raspberries.nNote: Leftover vinaigrette can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days., ingredients: [1 cup 12 pint fresh raspberries, plus more for garnish, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup pomegranate juice, plus more, if needed, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups mixed greens, washed and dried], title: Greens with Fresh Raspberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 57746: {instructions: Cook onion in oil in a 2quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, stirring, until softened. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 30 seconds.nAdd bulgur, broth, and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until bulgur is tender and creamy like risotto, about 20 minutes.nWhile bulgur is simmering, cook bacon in a skillet over moderate heat, stirring, until crisp, then drain on paper towels.nStir spinach into bulgur until wilted, then stir in Parmesan, half of bacon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Serve risotto sprinkled with remaining bacon., ingredients: [2 medium onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 cups coarse bulgur, 4 cups chicken broth, 3 12 cups water, 12 pound sliced bacon, chopped, 12 cups baby spinach 8 ounces, trimmed, 23 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Bulgur Risotto with Spinach and Bacon, picturelink: null}, 57747: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Toss together the oats, coconut and almonds in a large bowl. Whisk together the vegetable oil and honey in a small bowl, then stir into the oats mixture. Spread the mixture in an even layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, 17 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the oven and allow to cool completely, about 20 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and add the dried cranberries, raisins and sunflower seeds.nLine up 4 parfait, wine or other tall glasses. Carefully spoon a large dollop of yogurt into each and top with a large spoonful of granola. Add a few berries, then drizzle with honey. Repeat the layers once more in each glass. Store extra granola in an airtight container for up to 1 month.nPhotograph by Christina Holmes, ingredients: [2 14 cups oldfashioned rolled oats not quickcooking, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut, 34 cup slivered almonds, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup honey, plus more for drizzling, 34 cup dried cranberries, 34 cup golden raisins, 13 cup shelled and salted sunflower seeds, 2 cups lowfat plain Greek yogurt, Fresh berries optional], title: Granola Parfaits, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 57748: {instructions: Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a Silpat sheet and set aside. Toast hazelnuts in a dry pan until warmed and fragrant. Let the nuts cool, then chop and set chopped pieces aside.nIn a double boiler, slowly melt chocolate, stirring gently with a wooden spoon until smooth. Stir in vanilla and cinnamon add brown rice cereal and mix gently. Pour mixture onto lined baking sheet and smooth out evenly into a rectangular shape it doesnt have to be perfect.nSprinkle with chopped hazelnuts and set aside for 1 to 2 hours or 30 to 45 minutes in the fridge until chocolate hardens. Break into pieces and serve.nCalories: 110 Total Fat: 7 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Total Carbohydrate: 11 grams Protein: 1 gram Sodium: 12 milligrams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Fiber: 2 grams, ingredients: [12 cup toasted hazelnuts, chopped, 16 ounces dark chocolate, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup brown rice cereal], title: Danas Dark Chocolate Bark, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 57749: {instructions: Bring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat, then salt it generously. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally until al dente o tender but not mushy. Drain the pasta in a colander in the sink. Rinse with cold water, then shake off excess water.nMeanwhile, put the onions in a small bowl of cold water.nPut the tomatoes in a large bowl and season with 1 teaspoon of salt and some pepper. Chop the oregano with the garlic and the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Then use the flat side of the knife to mash and smear the mixture to a coarse paste. Scatter garlic mixture over the tomatoes. Cut the peppers about the same size as the tomatoes, and add to the salad. Drain the onions, pat dry, and add to the tomato mixture. Add the vinegar and olive oil and toss together. Add the drained pasta and toss well. The salad can be prepared up to this point 2 hours ahead and refrigerated.nJust before serving mix the arugula leaves into the salad, then add the cheese and toss lightly. Taste the salad and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt to taste, plus 1 12 teaspoons, 1 pound fusilli pasta corkscrews, 14 red onion, finely chopped about 12 cup, 2 large ripe tomatoes about 1 pound, diced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves about 2 sprigs, 1 clove garlic, 1 red pepper, roasted, peeled, and seeded see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 13 cup fruity extravirgin olive oil, 2 bunches arugula, about 8 ounces, cleaned, stemmed, torn into pieces, 4 ounces French feta cheese, crumbled about 1 cup], title: Fusilli with Tomato, Arugula, and Feta, picturelink: null}, 57750: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt 14 cup of butter in a heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Brown the duck breasts skin side down for about 2 minutes without shaking the pan. Turn over and cook on the other side for another 2 minutes. Remove to a baking sheet and bake in the preheated oven for 10 minutes. Transfer the duck breasts to a cutting board and set aside to rest.nUsing the same pan you cooked the duck in, saute the onions, over medium heat, until golden brown. Add in the chopped apricots, apple cider vinegar, chicken stock and white wine. Cook until reduced by half, about 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl, mix the cornstarch with a little cold water to create a slurry. Slowly add it to the apricot mixture, stirring constantly until the desired consistency is reached.nAllow to cook until the paste taste disappears, about 3 to 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the tarragon and the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter.nSlice the duck breast on a bias. Lay a little sauce on the base of each white serving plate and top with the duck. Spoon a little more sauce over the duck and serve., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, plus 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 duck breasts, 1 large white onion, diced, 1 cup chopped dried apricots, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup chicken stock, 14 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, Cold water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly chopped tarragon leaves], title: Apricot Glazed Duck, picturelink: null}, 57751: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the fingerling potatoes in a roasting pan and drizzle with the oil and sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast until the potatoes are cooked through or a fork can easily be inserted, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool. Top each potato half with 12 teaspoon sour cream, 1 chive strand and 12 teaspoon caviar. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [20 fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fine salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup sour cream, chilled, 20 strands fresh chives, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 2ounce jar bowfin or sturgeon caviar], title: Fingerling Potato Canapes, picturelink: null}, 57752: {instructions: Line a large heatsafe plate with 4 sheets of paper towels. Lay the bacon slices sideby side on top of the paper towels, then top with 2 additional sheets of paper towels. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Check the bacon to see if it is cooked through and crispy. If not, cook in 1minute intervals until the bacon is crispy. Reserve.nPut the butter, shallot and caraway seeds into a large heatsafe glass bowl. Microwave on high for 1 minute to melt the butter. Add the cabbage, apple cider vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper to the melted butter and stir to combine. Cover with a vented lid or plastic wrap with 6 small holes poked in it. Microwave on high for 5 minutes. Carefully uncover and stir the cabbage. Cover again and cook, stirring every 5 minutes, until the largest parts of the cabbage are wilted and tender, 10 to 15 additional minutes.nUse a pair of tongs to transfer the cabbage to a serving platter discard any extra liquid in the bowl. Roughly chop the bacon and sprinkle over the cabbage. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced about 13 cup, 12 teaspoon caraway seeds, 2 pounds red cabbage, cored, quartered and thinly sliced, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Microwave Red Cabbage with Bacon and Caraway Seeds, picturelink: null}, 57753: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the croutons: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Arrange the bread cubes in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet. Drizzle with the olive oil. Sprinkle the thyme on top and season with the salt and pepper if using. Toss until coated. Bake until golden and crisp, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the bacon: On another baking sheet, arrange the bacon in a single layer. Bake until browned and crisp, 15 to 17 minutes. Drain on paper towels. When cool enough to handle, chop into 12inch pieces and set aside.nFor the soup: In a large saucepan or Dutch oven, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the celery, shallots, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until aromatic, about 30 seconds. Stir in the chicken broth, thyme and cauliflower. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook until the vegetables are tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nIn batches, puree the soup in a food processor until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Cool the soup to room temperature, then refrigerate until ready to serve, at least 2 hours.nLadle the chilled soup into bowls and garnish with the croutons and bacon.nCooks Note: The soup can also be blended using an immersion blender., ingredients: [12 loaf sourdough bread about 8 ounces, cut into 12inch cubes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, optional, 10 to 12 strips thickcut applewoodsmoked bacon about 1 pound, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 ribs celery, chopped to yield 34 cup, 1 large or 2 small shallots, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 head cauliflower 1 12 pounds, cut into 1inch pieces], title: Cold Cauliflower Soup with Bacon and Croutons, picturelink: iDpwDtAfVgT43zxRDM4GyPnfJafcIY.}, 57754: {instructions: Season the blackfish with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, with a lid, over medium heat, heat the olive oil and butter. Add the fish and saute on each side for 3 minutes. Remove the fish and keep warm.nTo the pan, add the garlic and cook 1 minute. Add the tomatoes and cook 2 minutes. Add the basil and wine and bring to the boil. Reduce heat and simmer. Place the fish back in the pan over the tomatoes.nPlace clams around sides of saute pan. Return to simmer and cover with the lid. Cook until clams open, about 3 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 pounds blackfish fillet, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and finely chopped, 12 pound ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 12 cups, 15 to 20 basil leaves, washed and julienned, 1 cup white wine, 24 littleneck clams, live, unopened shells, well washed], title: Blackfish with Tomatoes, Basil and Littleneck Clams, picturelink: null}, 57755: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nArrange the sliced baguette on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil. Bake until the bread is pale golden and crisp, about 10 minutes.nArrange the cheese on the toasts and bake until the cheese is melted, about 3 minutes.nDrizzle the toasts with honey. Place on a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [36 slices 12inch thick baguette bread, about 1 loaf, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces Gorgonzola, sliced, 3 tablespoons honey], title: Bruschetta with Gorgonzola Cheese and Honey, picturelink: u3zanutrkQpwV9OHsZXOj05kk2u}, 57756: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix lemon juice, Basil Simple Syrup, and water together in a pitcher. Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve. Pour over ice filled glasses and garnish with a lemon twist.nIn a saucepan combine basil, sugar, and water and simmer until the sugar is dissolved, 5 minutes. Cool, strain the simple syrup, and store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 cups lemon juice, about 12 to 15 lemons, 2 cups Basil Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 cups cold or sparkling water, Ice, Lemon twists, for garnish, 1 bunch fresh basil, washed and stemmed, 2 cups sugar, 1 cup water], title: Italian Lemonade, picturelink: 0WxRnXz1ZisOSGVco2LNiZlj5ba2Npa}, 57757: {instructions: Peel and cut up cooked potatoes and put into a large bowl.nMash hardboiled eggs with a fork and set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, Durkees, mustard, onion powder, celery salt, Lawrys seasoning salt, sweet relish. Mix well. Then add the mashed eggs, salt and pepper. Pour the dressing over the potatoes and mix well. Refrigerate and serve well chilled., ingredients: [6 medium red potatoes, cooked and chilled, 2 eggs, hard boiled, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup Durkees Famous Sauce, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 18 teaspoon onion powder, 14 teaspoon celery salt, 14 teaspoon Lawrys seasoned salt, 12 cup to 34 cup sweet relish, Salt and pepper], title: Southern Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 57758: {instructions: In separate saucepans over low heat, warm the pork and spicy nacho cheese sauce. Divide the chips among 4 shallow bowls. Top the chips with barbecue pork. Layer some cheese sauce over the pork. Top the cheese sauce with barbecue sauce. Sprinkle each bowl with dry rub barbecue seasoning and jalapenos to taste., ingredients: [1 pound smoked pork shoulder, barbecued pork or smoked chicken, chopped, 1 16ounce jar spicy nacho cheese sauce, 1 pound round tortilla chips, 1 18ounce bottle Memphisstyle barbeque sauce, see Cooks Note, Dry barbecue spice rub or chili powder, as needed, 1 small 6 to 8ounce can sliced jalapenos, drained], title: Memphis Barbecue Nachos, picturelink: 0Syk5WhazofsC1kRvN4xWO6h7lFNsZ6}, 57759: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a medium ovensafe skillet over mediumhigh heat and add the extravirgin olive oil. While the oil heats up, season the chicken breast with salt on both sides. Add the chicken to the preheated oil, skinside down. Sear on the first side until the skin is crispy, about 5 minutes. Flip to the other side, place the skillet in the oven, and cook until the chicken is cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes more.nWhile the chicken finishes cooking, bring about 2 12 cups of the chicken stock to a boil in a small saucepan and season with salt to taste if needed. Add the couscous, return the stock to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and cover the pan. Cook until all the liquid is absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes.nSet a large bowl of ice water on the counter. Bring a medium saucepan of water to a boil and add enough salt so it tastes like the ocean, then add the haricots verts. Blanch the beans until they are bright in color and al dente, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain the beans and immediately add them to the ice bath to stop the cooking process. Drain, then transfer the beans to paper towels to dry.nRemove the chicken from the oven and set the skillet back on the stovetop. Transfer the chicken breasts to a cutting board. Turn the heat back on under the skillet and deglaze the pan with the remaining chicken stock and the red pepper flakes. Bring the stock to a boil and taste, seasoning with salt if needed.nToss the warm couscous with the beans, 2 tablespoons of pomegranate seeds, the pomegranate molasses and the chopped chives. Serve with the chicken breast and drizzle the pan sauce over the top., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 skinon, bonein chicken breasts, cut airlinestyle See Cooks Note, Kosher salt, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 cups Israeli couscous, 12 pound haricots verts, ends trimmed, Pinch dried red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh chives], title: PanSeared Airline Chicken Breasts with Israeli Couscous, Pomegranate and Haricot Verts, picturelink: oFT6ddVv1PsxHjTEo0oRhsc1V0P.S6e}, 57760: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill.nLay fish in a plate sprinkle with lime juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Place fillet on hot grill cook on each side for 4 minutes. Serve with Tomatillo and Mango Salsa.nBegin by peeling 1 of the mangos removing all the flesh possible and discarding the seed. Place the mango pieces in a blender with jalapeno, lime juice and orange juice. Blend until smooth and place in large bowl.nMeanwhile peel and remove flesh from the remaining mango and finely dice.nTo finish the salsa, add the tomatillos, tomato, red onion, cilantro, and the diced mango all to the pureed mango mixture season with salt and pepper. Best served grilled fish or white shrimp.nYield: 3 cups, ingredients: [4 6ounce mahi mahi, skin removed, 1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, Tomatillo and Mango Salsa, recipe follows, 1 semiripe mango, peeled and seeded, plus 1 semiripe mango, peeled, seeded, and small diced, 1 jalapeno, seeded, 2 limes, juiced, 1 orange, juiced, 10 medium sized tomatillos peeled, washed, and diced finely, 1 medium ripe tomato, finely diced, 1 red onion, finely diced, 12 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Mahi Mahi with Tomatillo and Mango Salsa, picturelink: eMD5MXrnkUUMWZcZXalgD3cp2C5Uaie}, 57761: {instructions: Place the yeast and warm water in a large bowl and stir with a fork to dissolve the yeast. Let stand for about 3 minutes.nWhisk the whole wheat flour, unbleached flour, oats, and salt together in a medium bowl.nAdd the sponge starter, cool water, honey, molasses, and oil to the yeast mixture. Mix with your fingers for 1 to 2 minutes, just long enough to break up the sponge the mixture should look milky and be slightly foamy. Add the flour mixture to the bowl and stir with your fingers to incorporate the flour, scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the dough over itself until it gathers into a shaggy mass. Dont be concerned if the dough feels very sticky at this point.nLightly flour a work surface. Remove the dough from the bowl and knead it for 6 to 8 minutes, until it becomes compact and elastic. It should be very moist but not mushy. If it feels too stiff to knead, add water 1 tablespoon at a time until you have a soft, malleable dough. If its sloppy wet and impossible to knead, add another 14 to 13 cup 1 14 to 1 23 ounces of whole wheat flour. Shape the dough into a loose ball and let it rest, covered with plastic wrap, on the lightly floured work surface for 20 minutes. This rest period is the autolyse.nFlatten the dough and stretch it gently into a rectangle about an inch thick. Spread the pecans and raisins evenly over the dough. Fold the whole mass into an envelope and knead and fold it gently until the nuts are well distributed, about 2 to 3 minutes. If the dough resists, let it rest for 5 minutes and then continue kneading. Some of the nuts may pop out of the dough, but they can easily be incorporated again after the first rise, when the dough has softened.nShape the dough into a loose ball and place it in a lightly oiled bowl, along with any loose nuts. Turn the dough to coat the top with oil, and cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise at room temperature 75 to 77 degrees F until it has doubled in volume, about 2 12 to 3 hours. You can also refrigerate this dough overnight and shape it and bake it the next day: Let it rise for 1 hour at room temperature, or until it looks slightly puffy but not doubled, before refrigerating. The next day, let it rise for 2 hours at room temperature before shaping it.nWhen the dough has doubled, loosen it from the bowl with lightly floured hands and gently pour it onto a floured work surface. Press any loose pecans into the dough and divide it into 2 equal pieces. Shape each piece into a log. Spread the oats for topping on a flat plate or baking sheet. Use a pastry brush or a plant sprayer to lightly moisten the top of each log with water, then roll the tops of the loaves in the oats. Place each loaf seam side down in an oiled 9 by 5inch loaf pan. Cover them with plastic wrap and allow to rise for about 2 hours, or until they have doubled in size a finger pressed into the dough will leave an indentation.nThirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat and place an empty water pan directly below the stone.nWhen the loaves have doubled, place the pans on the baking stone. Quickly pour 1 cup of very hot water into the water pan and immediately shut the door. After 1 minute, using a plant sprayer, mist the loaves quickly 6 to 8 times then shut the oven door. Repeat the misting procedure 1 minute later.nBake for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees F and bake for 20 to 25 minutes longer, until the loaves sound slightly hollow when tipped out of the pan and tapped on the bottom. The sides and bottom of the loaf should feel firm and slightly crusty. If the tops are browned but the sides are still somewhat soft, place the loaves directly on the stone to bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer. Transfer the loaves from the pans to a rack and allow to cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 14 cup 2 ounces very warm water 105 to 115 degrees F, 3 34 cups, or more if necessary 18 12 ounces organic whole wheat flour, 2 34 cups 12 12 ounces organic unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 cups 6 ounces organic oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 tablespoons 34 ounce Kosher salt, 1 12 cups 12 ounces Sponge Starter, 2 12 cups 20 ounces cool water  75 degrees F, 3 tablespoons 1 12 ounces honey, 3 tablespoons 1 12 ounces  molasses, 2 tablespoons 1 ounce Canola oil or other vegetable oil, 2 cups 8 ounces pecan pieces, toasted, Additional rolled oats for topping, Two 9 by 5inch loaf pans, oiled], title: Organic Whole Wheat Sandwich Bread with Oats and Pecans, picturelink: null}, 57762: {instructions: Filling: Combine 1 cup of the blueberries with the sugar in a nonreactive saucepan. Bring to a simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the sugar is melted and the mixture is very liquidabout 5 minutes. Combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl and whisk the blueberry and sugar mixture into it. Return everything to the pan and cook, stirring constantly over low heat until the mixture comes to a boil, thickens and becomes clear. If it does not become clear, continue to cook over low heat for a few more minutes until it does. Pour into a large bowl and stir in the remaining filling ingredients, except the blueberries, then add the remaining 3 cups blueberries. Cool.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees and set racks at upper and lower thirds of the oven. Roll out the bottom crust and arrange in 9 inch Pyrex pie pan. Pour the cooled filling into the bottom crust. Prepare a lattice top crust. Flute the edge of the pie and carefully brush it with egg wash. If you wish sprinkle the top of the pie with sugar. Place the pie in the oven on the lower rack and reduce temperature to 375 degrees for about 40 minutes, until the crust is baked through and a deep golden brown and the filling is gently bubbling. If the top crust has not colored sufficiently after 30 minutes of baking, move the pie to the upper rack of the oven for the last 10 minutes. Cool the pie on a rack., ingredients: [Sweet dough for 2 crust pie, 2 pints blueberries, rinsed, drained and picked over, 34 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 3 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Egg wash: 1 egg beaten well with a pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon sugar for finishing the top of the pie, optional], title: Blueberry Lattice Pie, picturelink: null}, 57763: {instructions: Cook the butter in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat until it begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the thyme leaves. Set aside.nPierce the potato all over with a fork. Microwave the potato until tender, turning once, about 12 minutes. Cut the potato in half and scoop the flesh into a large bowl discard the skin. Using a fork, mash the potato well. Mash in the salt and pepper. Mix in 3 tablespoons of the egg discard the remaining egg. Sift the flour over the potato mixture and knead just until blended.nDivide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Roll each piece between your palms and the work surface into a 12inchdiameter rope about 20 inches long. Cut the dough into 1inch pieces. Roll each piece of dough over a wooden paddle with ridges or over the tines of a fork to form grooves in the dough.nCook the gnocchi in a large pot of boiling salted water until the gnocchi rise to the surface, about 1 minute. Continue cooking until the gnocchi are tender, about 4 minutes longer. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the gnocchi to the hot thymebutter in the skillet. Toss to coat.nSpoon the gnocchi and butter sauce into shallow bowls. Top with the Pecorino and serve., ingredients: [12 cup unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 1pound russet potato, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg, beaten to blend, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup shaved Pecorino Romano], title: Gnocchi with Butter Thyme Sauce, picturelink: ga9nc5WcCG8y4.rx7mJ9EI4iU6YH9x2}, 57764: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour an 8inch cake pan.nSift together the cake flour, cocoa powder, baking powder and baking soda in a bowl. Cream the butter and sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing on high speed until well incorporated. Add the sour cream, hazelnut paste and oil mix well to combine. Add the chocolate and vanilla, and mix on low speed until very well incorporated. Add the dry ingredients and mix to combine.nSpread the batter in the prepared cake pan. Bake until the cake springs back to the touch or a tester comes out clean, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool in the pan on a wire rack for 10 minutes, then remove from the pan to cool completely.nFor the hazelnut chocolate buttercream: Whisk the sugar and egg whites in a stand mixer bowl set over a hot water bath until the temperature reaches 140 degrees F. Transfer the bowl to the mixer and mix on high speed, using the whisk attachment, until stiff peaks form, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the butter, a few pieces at a time, and cream until well combined. Add the chocolate and hazelnut paste, and mix well.nFor the salted caramel: Heat the sugar and glucose syrup in a pan over medium heat until the sugar melts and caramelizes. Remove from the heat and add the heavy cream, salt, and vanilla seeds if using stir to combine. Return the pan to the heat and cook until the caramel comes to a boil. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature.nTo assemble: Slice the cake horizontally into three layers, each about 13inch thick. Place one layer on a cake circle or serving plate and drizzle the salted caramel over the top. Using an offset spatula, spread some buttercream over the cake layer. Repeat with the remaining layers. Spread the sides of the cake with buttercream and smooth the edges with the spatula. Refrigerate until the buttercream is slightly firm to the touch, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [150 grams 5.3 ounces cake flour, 30 grams 1.1 ounces cocoa powder, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 170 grams 6 ounces sugar, 100 grams 3.5 ounces butter, 2 eggs, 150 grams 5.3 ounces sour cream, 60 grams 2.1 ounces hazelnut paste, 14 cup vegetable oil, 55 grams 1.9 ounces dark chocolate, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 255 grams 9 ounces sugar, 4 egg whites, 450 grams 15.9 ounces butter, cut into small pieces, 125 grams 4.4 ounces dark chocolate, melted, 75 grams 2.6 ounces hazelnut paste, 190 grams 6.7 ounces sugar, 145 grams 5.1 ounces glucose syrup, 349 grams 12 ounces heavy cream, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 vanilla beans, split lengthwise, seeds scraped, optional], title: Dark Chocolate Sour Cream Hazelnut Cake, picturelink: oRjJwgaFQL59Lj8t5g8VI0nEewTyti}, 57765: {instructions: For the au jus: Heat the oil over medium heat in a medium saucepan. Add the peppercorns, salt, thyme, garlic, rosemary and shallots. Cook the shallots, stirring occasionally, until they become translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the sherry and simmer, a few minutes. Add the stock and simmer, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat and strain the liquid. Keep warm.nFor the pickled radishes: Simmer 12 cup water, the vinegar, sugar, coriander seeds, salt, star anise, bay leaf and garlic. After 10 minutes of simmering, pour the mixture over the radishes in a heatproof container and cool.nFor the sandwich build: Place the bottom halves of the rolls on a work surface. Place the sliced Homemade Roast Beef on the bottom. Top with 1 slice gruyere each, some pickled radishes and watercress. Cover with the tops of the rolls. Cut each sandwich in half, dunk into the au jus and realize sometimes leftovers are just better.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the rosemary, thyme, salt, pepper and garlic in a small bowl. Rub the mixture all over the roast, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate, about 20 minutes.nHeat the oil in a large heavy skillet over high heat. Wipe off the excess garlic and herbs and add the roast to the pan. Sear the roast on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer the roast to a roasting pan with a rack. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center registers 125 degrees F, about 50 minutes. Transfer the roast to a cutting board and let rest, about 10 minutes. Thinly slice the roast and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons dry sherry, 4 cups lowsodium beef stock, 1 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 star anise, 1 bay leaf, 1 clove garlic, 2 cups thinly sliced radishes about 8 ounces, 4 crusty hoagie rolls, 1 pound Homemade Roast Beef, thinly sliced, recipe follows, 8 thick slices gruyere, Watercress, for serving, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, minced, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 3 cloves garlic, minced, One 4pound boneless beef eye round roast, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Homemade Roast Beef Sandwich Au Jus, picturelink: 4SAu93eeymDLcFmhjhWqPSlKo31w6wS}, 57766: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onions, garlic, chili powder, oregano and 4 teaspoons salt, and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 4 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and chipotle chiles and sauce, and cook 1 minute more. Add the turkey, breaking it up into bitesized chunks with a wooden spoon, and cook until the meat loses its raw color, about 7 minutes. Add the beer, and simmer until reduced by about half, about 35 minutes. Add the tomatoes, crushing them with your fingers into the skillet, along with their juices and the beans bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until thick, 1 hour to 1 hour 10 minutes.nLet the soup cool to room temperature, then divide among four 1quart containers and freeze for up to 1 month.nTo reheat: Let the soup thaw in the refrigerator overnight. Bring it to a simmer over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, until heated through. Thin it with a little water if desired, and add salt to taste. Serve with optional garnishes., ingredients: [2 large yellow onions, chopped, 10 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, Kosher salt, 14 cup tomato paste, 34 cup olive oil, 3 chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, coarsely chopped, with 3 tablespoons sauce, 4 pounds ground turkey, Four 12ounce Mexican lagerstyle beers, Two 28ounce cans whole peeled tomatoes, with their juices, Four 15ounce cans kidney beans, rinsed and strained, Optional garnishes: Sliced scallions, cilantro sprigs, avocado, sour cream, grated Monterey Jack cheese andor tortilla chips], title: BigBatch Turkey Chili, picturelink: ooecyTbUMBQQuyYNhBs4Ln1SXWWT76}, 57767: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 10 to 12inch metal skewersnCombine Pineapple Salsa ingredients in small bowl. Set aside.nPreheat broiler.nCombine ketchup and hoisin sauce in a bowl. Reserve some of the sauce in a small bowl and set aside. Cut beef steak into 1inch pieces. Thread beef pieces evenly onto 4 10 to 12inch metal skewers. Season kabobs evenly with pepper.nPlace kabobs on rack in broiler pan so surface of beef is 3 to 4inches from heat. Brush beef generously with some of reserved sauce mixture. Broil 7 to 9 minutes for mediumrare to medium doneness, turning once and brushing with remaining sauce mixture.nSeason beef with salt, if desired. Serve kabobs topped with Pineapple Salsa., ingredients: [1 cup diced fresh pineapple, 12 cup diced red bell pepper, 12 cup diced hothouse cucumber, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, optional, 13 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 14 pounds boneless beef top sirloin steak, cut 1inch thick, 12 teaspoon pepper, Salt, optional], title: Hoisin BBQ SteakOnAStick with Pineapple Salsa Kids in the Kitchen, picturelink: null}, 57768: {instructions: Wash the fish and rub inside and out with the quartered lime and salt. Refrigerate for at least 10 minutes. Wipe off the lime juice and salt. Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F or prepare the barbeque grill.nCombine all the stuffing ingredients and fill the cavity of the snapper. Bake or grill the fish until the flesh is opaque, allowing about 10 minutes per pound. Do not overcook., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound whole red snapper, scaled and gutted, 1 lime, quartered, Salt, for rubbing the fish, 2 cups bread crumbs, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 4 tablespoons chopped chives, 4 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 14 to 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 small onion, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 small lime, zested and juiced, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried sage, 1 teaspoon dried sweet marjoram], title: Caribbean Stuffed Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 57769: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Remove skin and eyes from pineapples and slice into 34inch rounds remove core if you wish or just thickly coat each slice with a layer of brown sugar. Set slices on a broiler pan.nPlace the pan under the broiler as close to the heat as possible and broil until the sugar is caramelized, about 3 minutes keep your eye on the pineapple to make sure it does not burn.nRemove slices from the broiler pan and set on plates garnish with drops of port wine if you wish., ingredients: [1 to 2 medium size fresh pineapples, 14 cup packed brown sugar, Port, optional], title: Brown Sugar Glazed Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 57770: {instructions: The day before the party, make the base for the pasta seafood topping. Melt the butter in a skillet. When the foaming subsides, add the shallots, carrot and celery. Cover and cook over low heat for 10 to 15 minutes or until very tender and almost dissolved in butter. If at any time the vegetables begin to stick to the skillet, add a tablespoonful of water or wine. Uncover the skillet, add the saffron and white wine and boil over high heat until almost all of the wine has evaporated. Add the fish stock and simmer for 5 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper do in advance up to this point. Boil the pasta until al dente. While this is cooking, add the heavy cream to the skillet and simmer again until the sauce is slightly thickened. Add the shrimp and scallops and simmer just until the seafood is cooked through. Add the tomatoes and simmer just for a minute to warm them through without really cooking them. Adjust the seasoning. Drain the pasta and portion it out among 6 warm pasta bowls. Ladle the saffron seafood sauce over the top and garnish with warm microwaved peas., ingredients: [4 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 1 large carrot, finely minced, 1 stalk celery, finely minced, 1 teaspoon saffron dissolved in 12 cup dry white wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 cup fish stock or 14 cup clam juice mixed with 34 cup chicken broth, 8 ounces net weight peeled and deveined shrimp, cut into 1 inch pieces, 8 ounces scallops, foot removed and sliced horizontally, 1 pound tomatoes, seeded and finely diced, 1 pound black fettucine, 1 cup thawed frozen petite peas, warmed in microwave oven], title: Pasta with Saffron Shrimp and Scallops, picturelink: null}, 57771: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the tomatoes in a 9 x 13inch ceramic dish. Add the 1 12 tablespoons of olive oil, thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and toss together. Spread the tomatoes evenly in the pan.nPlace the garlic, parsley, and 12 teaspoon salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until the garlic is finely chopped. Add the bread cubes and process until the bread is in crumbs. Add the 14 cup of olive oil and pulse a few times to blend. Sprinkle the crumbs evenly over the tomatoes.nBake the gratin for 40 to 45 minutes, until the crumbs are golden and the tomato juices are bubbling. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [3 pints cherry or grape tomatoes, halved, 1 12 tablespoons plus 14 cup good olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large garlic cloves, peeled, 13 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 cups coarse bread cubes from a country bread], title: Provencal Cherry Tomato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 57772: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the gelatin and 12 cup of cold water in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and allow to sit while you make the syrup.nMeanwhile, combine the sugar, corn syrup, salt, and 12 cup water in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Raise the heat to high and cook until the syrup reaches 240 degrees on a candy thermometer. Remove from the heat.nWith the mixer on low speed, slowly pour the sugar syrup into the dissolved gelatin. Put the mixer on high speed and whip until the mixture is very thick, about 15 minutes. Add the vanilla and mix thoroughly.nWith a sieve, generously dust an 8 by 12inch nonmetal baking dish with confectioners sugar. Pour the marshmallow mixture into the pan, smooth the top, and dust with more confectioners sugar. Allow to stand uncovered overnight until it dries out.nTurn the marshmallows onto a board and cut them in squares. Dust them with more confectioners sugar., ingredients: [3 packages unflavored gelatin, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Homemade Marshmallows, picturelink: V3PKx2vBwiIt3YEMFCMujB3FYeHk6vi}, 57773: {instructions: On a work surface mince and mash the garlic with the salt until a paste is formed. In a blender combine garlic paste, bread, vinegar, oil, cumin, and one cup of the tomato juice and blend the mixture until smooth. In a large bowl combine well the bread mixture with the tomatoes, bell peppers, scallions, cucumber and onion, stir in the remaining 1 12 cups tomato juice, and chill the soup, covered, for three hours, or until it is very cold.nThin the soup with one cup ice water, or enough to obtain the desired consistency, add the parsley, hot pepper sauce, and salt and black pepper to taste, and serve the soup with the shrimp and croutons., ingredients: [2 garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon salt, Enough white bread, crusts removed and the bread torn into small pieces, to measure 1 12 cups, 14 cup redwine vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 12 cups tomato juice, 2 pounds tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and minced, about 3 cups, 1 green bell pepper, chopped fine, about 23 cup, 1 red bell pepper, chopped fine, about 23 cup, 13 cup minced scallion, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and minced, 13 cup minced red onion, 14 cup minced fresh parsley or mint, or a combination, Hot pepper sauce, to taste, 12 pound shrimp about 15 peeled, deveined and cooked], title: Spicy Gazpacho with Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 57774: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a casserole, place 1 layer of mushrooms and leeks. Sprinkle with salt, pepper, and parsley. Cover with 2 ounces of butter and cream. Repeat process three more times and cover with bread crumbs. Bake until mushrooms are tender and crust is golden brown, about 20 minutes, ingredients: [3 pounds sliced porcini mushrooms, 1 pound sliced leeks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped flat leaf parsley, 8 ounces butter, 8 ounces heavy cream, 8 ounces bread crumbs], title: Mushroom Casserole, picturelink: SXni0ZtF7yhAZtdRB9B5QZX5nopUoDq}, 57775: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking dish with foil, leaving a 2inch overhang on 2 sides coat with cooking spray.nWhisk the flour, nutmeg and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk the melted butter, granulated sugar, eggs, egg yolks, brandy and vanilla in a large bowl until smooth. Whisk in the flour mixture until smooth. Spread the batter in the prepared baking dish. Bake until the top is shiny and slightly cracked, about 40 minutes. Let cool completely in the pan.nLift the bars out of the pan using the foil overhang dust with confectioners sugar and sprinkle with nutmeg. Slice into 1 12inch squares.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, plus more for topping, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted, 1 34 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs plus 3 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons brandy, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Eggnog Cookie Bars, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 57776: {instructions: Preheat oven to 250 degrees F.nFill a stockpot with the beans and enough cold water to cover them. Bring the water to a boil and parboil the beans for approximately 20 minutes. Drain the water and reserve for later use. Place 4 salt pork cubes and half of the onion on the bottom of the bean pot. Fill the pot 34 full with beans. Add the Bean Goop. Fill the rest of the pot with the reserved water. Place the remaining cubes of salt pork and onion on top of the beans. Cover first with a layer of plastic wrap, then a layer of aluminum foil. Bake in the oven for 10 hours. Check beans at that time, blowing on them to see if the skin peels back. If so, they are finished. Time will vary depending on your oven and how long the beans were parboiled in the beginning. Cooking time could increase to as long as 12 hours total.nIn a large bowl or mediumsize saucepan, mix the hot water with the sugars and molasses to dissolve the sugars. Then mix in all remaining ingredients. Set aside for use in the Baked Beans., ingredients: [2 pounds beans, either kidney or navy pea variety, 8 1inch cubes salt pork, 1 Spanish onion, sliced, 1 quart Bean Goop, recipe follows, 2 12 cups very hot water, 12 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup molasses, 12 cup ketchup, 14 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup pure maple syrup recommended: Parkers Maple Barn Pure Maple Syrup, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper], title: Maple Baked Beans, picturelink: 1k.ywifka5nr8c0C08S0zkdOzBnTTvu}, 57777: {instructions: For the brownies: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish and line with parchment paper, pressing the parchment into the corners and up the sides of the pan and leaving an overhang on 2 sides. Butter the parchment and dust lightly with flour.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan or highsided skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the chopped chocolate and cook, stirring constantly, until mostly melted. Remove from the heat and continue stirring until the chocolate is totally melted. Transfer to a bowl, let cool for 10 minutes and then whisk in the eggs, water and vanilla.nIn a separate large bowl, add the sugar, flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Whisk to blend. Add the dry ingredients to the melted chocolate mixture with a rubber spatula, fold to combine. Pour the batter into the prepared baking dish. Set aside.nFor the topping: Mix the peanut butter, confectioners sugar and melted butter together in a medium bowl until smooth.nSpoon dollops of the peanut butter mixture on top of the brownie batter. Holding a butter knife vertically, swirl up and down and horizontally and vertically until the chocolate batter and peanut butter topping are nicely swirled together. Sprinkle the chopped pretzels over the top.nBake for 35 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out with just a few crumbs.nLet the brownies cool in the pan on a baking rack for 30 minutes. Using the parchment handles, lift the brownies out of the baking dish and transfer to a cutting board to cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 large eggs, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup smooth peanut butter, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 12 cup chopped salted pretzels], title: Peanut Butter Brownies with Salted Pretzels, picturelink: tGp51V5As61aw6pxHIqk7vxBgar2BC}, 57778: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat, combine the cooked rice and milk. Heat until the mixture begins to boil. Decrease the heat to low and cook at a simmer until the mixture begins to thicken, stirring frequently, approximately 5 minutes.nIncrease the heat to medium, add the heavy cream, coconut milk, sugar, and cardamom and continue to cook until the mixture just begins to thicken again, approximately 5 to 10 minutes. Use a whisk to help prevent the cardamom from clumping. Once the mixture just begins to thicken, remove from the heat and stir in the raisins and pistachios. Transfer the mixture to individual serving dishes or a glass bowl and place plastic wrap directly on the surface of the pudding. Serve chilled or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup cooked long grain or basmati rice, 1 cup whole milk, 12 cup heavy cream, 34 cup coconut milk, 2 ounces sugar, approximately 14 cup, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 12 ounces golden raisins, approximately 13 cup, 1 12 ounces chopped unsalted pistachios, approximately 13 cup], title: Indian Rice Pudding, picturelink: VjknqA2g2PiW4ZYalMjjam6NEnojIm}, 57779: {instructions: In a large skillet, add the olive oil and ground turkey, sprinkle with the garlic powder, onion powder, paprika, salt and pepper and cook, breaking up with the back of a wooden spoon or potato masher, until the meat is no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic, bell peppers and onions and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables soften, about 5 minutes.nAdd the crushed tomatoes, tomato puree, ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce thickens up, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve warm on toasted potato rolls., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds ground turkey, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 5 cloves garlic, grated, 2 green bell peppers, diced, 1 large onion, finely diced, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 14 ounces tomato puree, 1 cup ketchup, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 24 small potato rolls, lightly toasted], title: Sloppy Jane Sliders, picturelink: BMrkpcXhA4wMHXvFl7n9boeVaov.bG}, 57780: {instructions: Remove a small slice from both stem and root end of each pearl onion and peel them. An alternate way is to parboil them for 2 minutes, drain and plunge into ice water to stop the cooking process. Pop the skins off by pressing the onion at its root end.nSet the onions in a saucepan wide enough to accommodate them in one layer and barely cover them with water. Boil over high heat for 10 minutes until partially cooked. Add the butter and sugar and continue to boil until the water has evaporated and the onions begin to sizzle.nReduce the heat to medium low and shake the saucepan and turn the onions in the butter and sugar to brown them. Continue to cook until the onions are glazed, brown and syrupy looking. Add a tablespoonful or more of balsamic vinegar and cook until evaporated. Season well with salt and pepper., ingredients: [48 pearl white onions, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 teaspoons sugar, Balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Caramelized Onions, picturelink: null}, 57781: {instructions: For the marinade: Put the ginger, shallots, and garlic into a blender, and puree.nTransfer the mixture to a bowl, and add the oyster sauce, hoisin sauce, and tomato paste, and stir to incorporate.nFor the pork: Put the trimmed tenderloins into a baking dish, and pour over half of the marinade, turning to coat. Cover the dish with plastic wrap, then place the pork in the refrigerator, and let it marinate for a minimum of 30 minutes to a maximum of 24 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large, ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pork tenderloins from the marinade and sear on all sides in the hot pan. Baste the pork with the remaining marinade throughout the cooking process.nSlide the pan into the preheated oven, and cook until the pork is cooked through, approximately 20 minutes. Allow the meat to rest for 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons fresh ginger, 1 shallot, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, 12 cup oyster sauce, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 pork tenderloins, silver skin removed, Vegetable oil, as needed], title: Chinese Roast Pork, picturelink: null}, 57782: {instructions: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan. Add the water, cream, and honey and bring to a simmer over moderately high heat. Put the chocolate in a medium, heatproof bowl and pour the hot cream mixture on top. Let stand until the chocolate melts, 1 minute, then stir until smooth. Stir in the rum., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup water, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 pound bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons dark rum], title: Chocolate Fudge Sauce, picturelink: SHvnY5kXbOUsvog.wElxZFjaH337Rvy}, 57783: {instructions: In a saucepan set over moderate heat oil until hot. Add onion, garlic and salt and pepper and cook mixture, stirring, until translucent. Add tomatoes, paste, broth, chiles, and sugar. Bring sauce to a boil and simmer, covered, for 15 minutes. tortillas. In a bowl combine the pork with enough of the sauce to lightly coat. Divide the filling among tortillas, top with the garnishes and roll up.nRecommended Wine: Gruet Brut, New Mexico, ingredients: [2 tablespoons oil, 1 cup minced onion, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, Salt and pepper, 1 can 16 ounces whole tomatoes, pureed with liquid, 13 cup tomato paste, 1 cup chicken broth, 2 Poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded and diced, Sugar to taste, 3 cups cooked shredded pork, 8 steamed fresh corn tortillas, 12 pound shredded white cheddar, Cilantro sprigs to taste, Sour Cream to taste, Minced Jalapeno to taste], title: Pork Taquitos, picturelink: null}, 57784: {instructions: Place a large heavy pot over medium heat and add the bacon. Fry for about 5 minutes until crisp and remove to a paper towel and reserve. Add the beef to the hot bacon fat and brown it evenly on all sides, turning with tongs season generously with salt and pepper. While the beef is searing, sprinkle the flour evenly in the pot and continue to stir to dissolve any clumps. Add a little oil if necessary to keep the meat from sticking to the bottom of the pot.nToss in the onions, garlic, roasted peppers, paprika, and caraway cook and stir for 2 minutes until fragrant. Stir in the vinegar, tomatoes, and broth. Bring to a boil, then lower to a simmer and cook for 1 hour, covered, stirring occasionally.nAdd the potatoes. Crumble the reserved bacon into the stew and continue to simmer for 30 minutes, partially covered, until the potatoes are tender. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and stir the sour cream into the goulash just before serving. Garnish with the chopped parsley., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, chopped, 3 pounds boneless beef shank, trimmed and cut into 2inch cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 roasted red bell peppers, peeled and sliced, 3 tablespoons Hungarian sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons caraway seeds, toasted and ground, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 15ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, hand crushed, 6 cups lowsodium beef broth, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and thickly sliced, 12 cup sour cream, Chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Beef Goulash, picturelink: null}, 57785: {instructions: Grilled Tomato Vinaigrette: Preheat the grill. Toss the tomatoes with the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the tomatoes, until the skins are blackened. Remove and chop coarsely. Place the tomatoes in a blender and add the garlic, onion, balsamic vinegar and basil and blend until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil until emulsified and season with salt and pepper to taste. Reserve.nPolenta: Butter a large shallow baking dish generously with butter, set aside. Place the chicken stock in large saucepan and bring to a boil. Slowly add the polenta, whisking constantly with a wire whisk. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until thickened and smooth. Fold in the corn, Parmesan cheese and parsley and pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Cover and chill in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight.nPreheat the grill. Cut the chilled polenta into 2inch circles, brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until golden brown. Drizzle with vinaigrette., ingredients: [5 plum tomatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, 2 cloves garlic, 2 tablespoons red onion, coarsely chopped, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons basil chiffonade, 1 cup olive oil, 8 cups chicken stock or water, 2 cups polenta, 2 teaspoons coarse kosher salt, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, finely chopped, 14 cup olive oil], title: Charred Corn Polenta with Grilled Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 57786: {instructions: Soak the different colors of hominy in separate bowls of water overnight.nIn a small, dry skillet over high heat, roast the cumin and coriander seeds until they toast, about 2 minutes. When cool, grind in a food mill, mortar and pestle or clean coffee grinder.nStrain the hominy and put each color variety in its own pot, generously covering with water. Add 1ounce of the baking soda to each pot, bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 2 hours. Add more water as needed. Check hominy for tenderness it does not have to be completely cooked as it will be cooked further in the stew. Strain and rinse the hominy.nWhile the hominy is cooking, soak the dried chiles in hot water. When softened, remove the seeds and stems, then dice.nIn a separate stockpot, heat the olive oil and saute the onions and garlic with the salt, black pepper, oregano, cumin and coriander until the onions are translucent. Add the diced tomatoes, tomatillos, chiles, vegetable stock and cooked hominy. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a simmer for about 1 12 hours. The posole is done when the hominy is cooked through. Add the lime juice, cilantro, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPosole is also delicious for breakfast, served over cornbread with a poached egg on top.nCooks Note: You may use a combination of different kindscolors of hominy and cook them together in 1 pot. However, the different colors will cook in slightly different times resulting in different consistencies. The blue or red hominy will break down more during cooking than the yellow or white kind. Posole, like many stews, improves with age, so cook ahead of time and reheat. It also freezes well.nCooks Note: Native corns are available online and at most Latino markets., ingredients: [2 cups white hominy, 2 cups blue hominy, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 2 ounces baking soda, 4 dried chiles such as pasilla, ancho, or guajillo or any combination of chiles, as long as there is a little variation for increased complexity, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups diced onions, 6 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 14ounce cans diced tomatoes, in juice, 1 pound tomatillos, peeled and quartered, 1 gallon vegetable stock, 12 cup lime juice, 12 bunch chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish, Crumbled queso fresco, for garnish optional, Toasted pumpkin seeds, for garnish, optional], title: Big Sky Posole, picturelink: .kamDQ3dojf5FPFHv7W8jC8uVDwxvC}, 57787: {instructions: For the apple compote: Combine the apples, cinnamon, lemon juice, sugar, salt and 12 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the apples start to break down, 30 to 45 minutes. Set aside.nFor the salted caramel sauce: Combine the sugar and 14 cup water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Cook without stirring, brushing down any sugar crystals from the sides of the pan with a wet pastry brush. Watch carefully, when the sugar turns a dark amber color, remove the saucepan from the heat and stir in cream and butter it will bubble, so be careful and then the salt.nServe the waffles topped with some apple compote, a drizzle of caramel sauce and a dollop of whipped cream. Garnish with an apple chip., ingredients: [4 Fuji or local apples, cored and quartered, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 12 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 4 to 6 waffles use your favorite waffle mix, Whipped cream, for serving, Apple chips, for garnish], title: Carmel Big Apple Waffle with Salted Caramel Sauce, picturelink: uf1dx209ktGffmnjEA34oHjrH27JfDa}, 57788: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F.nSeason cavity of salmon with Maldon salt and pepper. Fill the cavity with the fennel leaves and stalks.nFill the bottom of a large roasting or baking pan with a 12inch layer of salt. Place the fish on its side, on top of the salt. Pile the remaining sea salt over the fish, completely covering it by at least 12 inch all over. If the head and tail protrude from the pan, place a double layer of heavyduty aluminum under tail and head to prevent salt from falling into your oven. Sprinkle 2 tablespoons water over the surface of the salt.nTransfer roasting pan to oven, and bake salmon until cooked through, 45 to 60 minutes. To test if the fish is cooked, poke a metal skewer or kitchen fork through the salt and into the fish where the fish is the thickest. Pull the skewer out: If the skewer is warm to the touch, then the salmon is cooked. Transfer pan to a wire rack, and let rest until cool enough to handle.nUsing your fingers, break off the salt crust from the top of the fish the skin should have stuck to the salt and should peel away as you do this. If the skin does not pull away when you remove the salt, use a paring knife to gently lift the skin away from the fillet. Carefully lift the entire fish out of the pan. Peel away any remaining skin and salt stuck to the underside place the fish on a cutting board.nCut the fillets off the bones, and serve at room temperature, garnished with Salsa Verde.nSalsa Verde:n1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves pickedn1 bunch fresh basil, leaves pickedn1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves pickedn13 cup salted capers, washed and covered in whitewine vinegarn6 anchovy fillets, washed and covered in olive oiln1 heaping teaspoon Dijon mustardn2 tablespoons red wine vinegarn12 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oilnFreshly ground peppernPlace herbs on cutting board. Using a mezzaluna or large chefs knife, roughly chop herbs. Place in large bowl. Roughly chop capers and anchovies together, and add to bowl with herbs. Add mustard and vinegar. Drizzle in olive oil. Season with pepper. Mix to combine. Serve with saltbaked salmon.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [1 eightpound whole wild salmon, such as Alaskan king, scaled and cleaned, Maldon sea salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch fennel leaves and stalks, washed, 10 to 12 pounds coarse sea salt or kosher salt, Salsa Verde, recipe follows], title: Whole Salt Baked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 57789: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper so that the parchment goes up the sides of the sheet by an extra 2 inches. Spray lightly with nonstick cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, green tea powder, baking soda and salt and set aside.nIn a large bowl and using an electric mixer, cream together the butter and granulated sugar at medium speed. Add the milk, vanilla and beaten eggs and beat until the ingredients are well combined. Add the dry sifted ingredients and incorporate well. Stir in the dark chocolate chips and orange zest.nPour the mixture into the prepared baking sheet and use an offset spatula to spread the crownie out into a 12inchthick rectangle, about 8 inches by 11 inches. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes. As it comes out of the oven, let it cool slightly for a few minutes.nTake a 2 12inch round ridged cookie cutter and cut out rings from the crownie. You can lay them out on a wire rack to cool further before serving, but I like to eat them while they are still warm. The crownie should be cookielike on the outside but with a soft not overly dense middlelighter than a brownie and crumbly on the outer edges like a good cookie. Dust with some confectioners sugar if using.nYou can serve the crownies with a cold glass of milk, chilled eggnog or a cup of tea. Or, have them as a dessert with vanilla ice cream. Enjoy., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying baking sheets, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons matcha green tea powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 tablespoons 7 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup organic whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 medium organic eggs, at room temperature, beaten, 12 cup dark chocolate chips, Zest of 2 medium oranges, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, optional], title: Green Tea and Orange Chocolate Chip Crownie, picturelink: null}, 57790: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Mist a baking sheet with cooking spray. Toss the oats with 2 tablespoons water, the vegetable oil, wheat germ and honey. Form small clusters of the mixture on the baking sheet and bake until crisp, about 15 minutes.nAdd the mixed dried fruit to the baking sheet, sprinkle with the cinnamon and bake 3 to 5 more minutes. Let cool, then toss with the nuts, sunflower seeds, raisins, coconut and MMs. Store in an airtight container.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 cup rolled oats, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup wheat germ, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 cups mixed dried fruit, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups mixed nuts, 12 cup sunflower seeds, 12 cup raisins, 12 cup shredded coconut, 1 cup peanut butter MMs], title: Trail Mix with HoneyOatmeal Clusters, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 57791: {instructions: In a pot bring 3 quarts salted water to a rolling boil. Place herb leaves in a strainer and lay in water for about 20 to 30 seconds. Remove from water and lay in large bowl of ice water to stop cooking and retain brilliant color. Remove any stray leaves from boiling water with a slotted spoon and add to leaves in ice water.nDrain herbs and place on paper towels. Wring gently to dry. Place in blender. Add salt, oil and sugar and puree until mixture is very smooth.nPour oil though a sieve and press on solids. Discard remaining solids.nChill oil to store up to three days. Allow to come to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [1 cup mint leaves, packed, 1 cup basil leaves, packed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt or sea salt, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Pinch sugar], title: Basil and Mint Oil, picturelink: null}, 57792: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut about an inch off the top and bottom of the Poblano and remove the seeds, leaving body intact. Place the chiles in the freezer for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nIn a mixing glass, muddle the cilantro, add the rest of the ingredients, add ice and shake 12 to 14 times. Place the frozen poblano in a pint glass and pour the drink over it. Alternatively, this cocktail can be served in a martini glass., ingredients: [1 Poblano chile, 2 sprigs fresh cilantro, 2 ounces tequila blanco, 2 ounces pineapple juice, 34 ounce fresh lime juice, 34 ounce agave nectar], title: Poblano Pineapple Picante, picturelink: JUQc7oqazWdQBjp4UhrPZAys33xdN9y}, 57793: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon zest and juice in a large bowl season with salt and black pepper. Peel the carrots into long ribbons using a vegetable peeler add to the bowl along with the red onion and half of the chives. Toss well to coat and set aside.nCombine the fivespice powder, cayenne and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper in a small bowl rub on the flesh side of the fish fillets. Heat 12 tablespoon olive oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 fillets, skinside down, and cook until crisp, about 2 minutes. Gently flip and cook until cooked through, about 2 more minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet, skinside down. Repeat with the remaining olive oil and fish.nAdd the beets to the bowl with the carrots and toss. Divide the fish among plates top with the creamy horseradish and the remaining chives. Serve with the carrot salad and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 medium carrots, 12 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 34 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 large skinon trout fillets about 5 ounces each, 1 8.8ounce package peeled cooked beets about 1 12 cups, 14 cup creamy horseradish], title: FiveSpice Trout with Carrot Salad, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 57794: {instructions: Prepare the batter. In a mixing bowl, sift the flour and salt. Make a well in the center. Pour the olive oil and gradually beat in the water to make a smooth, thick batter. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Before using, beat the egg whites until firm. Lightly fold the beaten egg whites into the batter.nPreheat the oil to 375 degrees F.nThoroughly wash all the seafood in water. Drain. Dip the assorted seafood and vegetables in the prepared batter and shake off any excess batter. Cook in hot oil and fry until crisp and golden. Lift out and drain on paper towels.nFry the basil, sage and parsley, then drain. Sprinkle fried seafood with salt and divide onto 4 serving plates. Garnish with the fried herbs and lemon wedges. Serve immediately with Sauce Tartare.nCombine the hardboiled egg, capers, cornichon, anchovies, chives and parsley with the mayonnaise.nFold in the whipped cream. Chill and use as needed.nYield: 2 cupsnRecipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, Modern French Cooking for the American Kitchen Houghton Mifflin, 1981., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 13 cups water, 2 egg whites, 4 ounces firm white fish, cut into fingersized strips, 2 ounces rock shrimp, 2 ounces medium size shrimp, 2 ounces clean calamari, cut into 12inch rings, 1 Japanese eggplant, cut into 12inch by 3inch strips, 1 zucchini, cut into 12inch by 3inch strips, 12 cup basil leaves, 12 cup sage leaves, 12 cup parsley sprigs, Oil, for frying, Lemon wedges, Sauce Tartare, recipe follows, 1 hardboiled egg, minced, 1 tablespoon capers, minced, 1 cornichon, minced, 1 or 2 anchovies, minced, 1 teaspoon minced chives, 2 teaspoons minced parsley, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup whipped cream], title: Fritto Misto, picturelink: null}, 57795: {instructions: Put the strawberries in a bowl, add the sugar, zest and vanilla and stir. Leave to macerate for 30 minutes at room temperature. The sugar will soften the fruit and draw delicious juices out to make a delicious syrup.nTop with a sprig of fresh mint before serving, ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, hulled and cut in half, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 teaspoon vanilla, Fresh mint sprig, for garnish], title: Sweet Strawberries, picturelink: I5sXzpAzysGHvByFJlhqp8cavsTNx5C}, 57796: {instructions: Slice an apple into crescents. Spread with peanut or almond butter and press granola on top., ingredients: [], title: Apple Moons, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 57797: {instructions: For the shrimp balls: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine all the shrimp ball ingredients in a large bowl, except the panko breadcrumbs. Stir to thoroughly combine. Working in 3 batches, pulse the mix in a food processor until it becomes a coarse paste. Transfer each batch to a bowl. Do not overcrowd the processor bowl. When all the shrimp has been pulsed and transferred to a bowl, stir in the panko breadcrumbs until thoroughly combined.nWorking with wet hands, roll the mixture into 1inch balls. Place the shrimp balls on a sheet tray and bake in the oven for 10 minutes.nFor the dipping sauce: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and whisk together to combine.nTo serve: Remove the shrimp balls from the oven. Serve warm on toothpicks or skewers with the dipping sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 pounds shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 2inch piece ginger, grated, 6 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 egg whites, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Asian chile paste sambaal oeleck, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 2 12ounce cans sliced water chestnuts, drained and coarsely chopped, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 34 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 1inch piece ginger, grated, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 4 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons Asian chile paste sambaal oeleck], title: Shrimp Balls with Water Chestnuts and Spicy Soy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: p1XvZVPr649eN1cEJhjpNCCYGLjqwyy}, 57798: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a large baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a large bowl, combine all ingredients except mustard seeds and toss to coat. Transfer green beans and tomatoes. Transfer vegetables to prepared pan and sprinkle mustard seeds over top. Roast 15 to 20 minutes, until vegetables are tender and golden., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 pounds green beans, ends trimmed, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon whole mustard seeds], title: Green Beans with Roasted Tomatoes and Mustard Seeds, picturelink: EiooDr.yPJbpWHj3.PFH7eskvRthnC}, 57799: {instructions: Prepare the onion rings as the label directs keep warm. Meanwhile, preheat a grill to medium high. Form the beef into four 6ounce patties, about 34 inch thick press the center of each patty with your thumb to make a 12inchdeep indentation. Season the patties on both sides with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with vegetable oil, then grill the patties, indentationside up, until marked on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until marked and slightly firm, about 3 more minutes for medium doneness. During the last minute of grilling, top each patty with a slice of cheese. Remove the patties to a plate and let rest 5 minutes. Grill the buns, cutside down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute. Top the bun bottoms with the burger patties, chili and onion rings. Drizzle with the barbecue sauce, then cover with the bun tops.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 frozen onion rings, 1 12 pounds ground beef, preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 slices yellow cheddar cheese, 4 brioche buns, split, 1 cup prepared chili, warmed, 13 cup barbecue sauce], title: Loaded Chili Cheeseburgers, picturelink: RJz1k4.fiYf9QKJVC0BCscQZOvgTfC}, 57800: {instructions: Line a colander with cheesecloth or muslin. Place a large bowl under the colander. Place yogurt in colander and let sit at room temperature for about four hours or cover and refrigerate overnight. Discard the liquid that has drained into the bowl and proceed with the recipe. Add the onion, cucumber, lemon juice, mint and cilantro and mix well., ingredients: [2 cups plain lowfat yogurt, 1 red onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 1 English cucumber, peeled, seeded and grated, 14 cup fresh lemon juice about 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Cucumber Raita, picturelink: null}, 57801: {instructions: Cut cabbage in quarters, lengthwise. Remove and discard core and slice as finely as possible across width. Place in large bowl.nRemove wispy fennel leaves. Chop and reserve for garnish. Cut bulbs in half and slice as finely as possible across width, discarding hard cores. Place in bowl with cabbage.nCombine remaining ingredients in another bowl. Add, half a cup at a time, to cabbage and fennel just until well moistened. You dont want a pool of dressing at bottom of bowl. Toss well and store in refrigerator., ingredients: [12 small red cabbage, about 2 cups shredded, 2 large fennel bulbs, about 4 cups shredded, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 cup white vinegar, 2 teaspoons stoneground mustard, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 12 tablespoons grated horseradish, preferably fresh, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper], title: Fennel Slaw, picturelink: null}, 57802: {instructions: Preheat the grill on a medium flame.nUsing a medium sized bowl, mix flour, sugar, salt, onions, and bacon together. Let the mixture rise for about 30 minutes.nThen add the eggs, buttermilk, and cheese. Continue mixing until a firm dough is formed. If the dough becomes a little watery, just add a little more flour.nPlace the dough on the counter and with sprinkle with flour. Then flatten it out with your hands. Using a circular cookie cutter, cut out 2inch rounds.nLine a small pan with parchment paper, and place the cut outs in the pan. Sprinkle desired amount of cheese on top and place the pan on a grill, lid closed, for 15 minutes.nTo plate, slice in half and spread with butter, or preferred topping., ingredients: [2 12 cups self rising flour, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons onion, chopped and sauteed, 2 tablespoons bacon, chopped, 3 eggs, 34 cup buttermilk, 14 cup cheddar, grated], title: Savory Cheddar Cheese Bacon and Onion Scones, picturelink: null}, 57803: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in a shaker and pour over ice. Garnish with cherry., ingredients: [12ounce vodka, 12ounce triple sec, 12ounce blue cuaraco, 12 lemon, juiced, Splash lemonlime soda, Splash sweet and sour mix, 2 teaspoons sugar], title: Legends Honky Tonk Lemonade, picturelink: CDaRVXY7.ZUMYtJTwSaAkmz52.QamBW}, 57804: {instructions: 1. Put all the ingredients except the potatoes in a large soup pot. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and cook until tender, about 10 minutes.n2. Ladle the soup into bowls and serve with a dollop of sour cream on top., ingredients: [1 gallon cold water, 2 cups freshly chopped raw clams, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 4 bay leaves, 3 tablespoons clam base, such as Better Than Bouillon find it at superiortouch.com, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups 12inchdiced, Red Bliss potatoes, Sour cream, for serving], title: Rhode Island Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 57805: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn an 8inch, nonstick, ovenproof saute pan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the scallions green onions and cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Meanwhile in a medium bowl, beat the eggs with 1 tablespoon of water. Add cilantro and season with salt and pepper. Add egg mixture to pan and cookAdd the eggs and cilantro to the pan and season with salt and pepper. Cook for about 8 minutes lifting the edges with a spatula, to allow any uncooked egg to flow to the bottom. Pour the Mexican crema over the top and sprinkle with the cheese. Transfer the pan to the oven and bake until puffed and golden, about 8 to 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 tablespoon olive oil, 2 to 3 green onionsscallions, sliced white and pale green parts only, 3 large eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 14 cup shredded Oaxaca or mozzarella cheese], title: Mexican Frittata, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 57806: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight 6inch wooden dowels or skewersnHeat about 3 12 inches of oil to 375 degrees F in a large pot with steep sides. The oil should be hot, but not smoking. Meanwhile, make the batter by whisking the pancake mix, cornmeal and salt together in a large mixing bowl. Continue whisking and add the buttermilk and egg until the mixture is smooth. Insert the skewers into the frankfurters, leaving 2 inches exposed, and dip each into the prepared batter until fully coated. Next, working very carefully, dip each coated frankfurter into the hot oil, using tongs to turn, while cooking until golden brown on all sides, about 1 minute. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and serve immediately with desired condiments., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 14 cups pancake mix, 14 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup buttermilk, 1 large egg, beaten, 8 frankfurters], title: Homemade Corndogs, picturelink: null}, 57807: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nSpread the matzo meal on a large piece of parchment paper or baking sheet. Dredge the brisket in the matzo meal and season generously with salt and pepper. Preheat a very large skillet over high heat. Add the oil and heat until very hot. Add the brisket and cook, turning once, until wellbrowned, about 7 minutes the first side, and 5 minutes the second side.nCoat the inside of a large Dutch oven with a tightfitting lid with the butter. Arrange the onions in an even layer on the bottom of the pot.nLay the brisket on the onions. Pour in the water, and sprinkle the pickling spice around the brisket. Brush the mustard on the top of the meat. Bring to a boil on the top of the stove, transfer pan to the oven, and cook, covered, basting often, for 2 hours. Turn the brisket over and cook, covered, basting often, for another hour and 15 minutes. Turn the brisket over again and cook uncovered, basting often, until wellbrowned and very tender, about 1 hour and 15 minutes more.nTransfer the brisket a cutting board and cover with foil to keep warm. Remove the fat from the cooking liquid with a spoon, ladle, or degreaser. Transfer the cooking liquid to a medium saucepan.nUsing a sharp knife, thinly slice the brisket and transfer to a large serving platter. Reheat the cooking liquid and pour it over the sliced brisket. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Matzo meal for dredging, One 7pound piece beef brisket, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 large Spanish onion, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups cold water, 1 tablespoon pickling spice, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard], title: Beef Brisket, picturelink: null}, 57808: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts on a sheet pan and rub the skin with olive oil. Sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. Roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until the chicken is just cooked. Set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove the meat from the bones, discard the skin, and dice the chicken in large bitesize pieces.nMeanwhile, add the broccoli florets to a large pot of salted boiling water. Cook for 1 minute, until crisp tender, drain, and place into a bowl of ice water until cool. This will stop the cooking and set the bright green color.nFor the dressing, whisk together the mayonnaise, wine, mustards, 1 tablespoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add enough sauce to the warm chicken to moisten well. Add the tarragon, broccoli, and tomatoes and mix gently to combine. Refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to blend. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 whole 4 split chicken breasts, bonein, skinon, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups broccoli florets, 1 12 cups good mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 2 tablespoons minced fresh tarragon leaves, 1 cup cherry or grape tomatoes, halved], title: Mustard Chicken Salad, picturelink: T2YabG79YDeKKAMD5kNpqs5mWTDAkK}, 57809: {instructions: Heat a skillet. Add extravirgin olive oil and the onion. Cook until slightly softened. Add the black beans, chipotle and hot sauce. Cook until well heated through. Turn heat down to low and keep warm.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium low heat. When hot, drizzle pan with extravirgin olive oil and add eggs. Cook eggs gently, 2 at a time, with 2 couple inches between each egg, to desired doneness, over easy to over hard. Season the eggs with salt and pepper on 1 or both sides.nTake the lid off of the salsa. Place container in the microwave and warm through, 45 seconds on high.nSpoon salsa over the eggs once you turn them. Place a large handful of shredded Cheddar on top of each salsa covered egg. Cover the pan loosely with a tin foil tent to melt cheese.nIf you have a gas top stove, heat and blister the tortillas individually, holding them with tongs, over the open flame of a burner, 15 to 20 seconds on each side. Otherwise, warm tortillas according to package directions for the microwave oven.nTo assemble, place a tortilla on a plate. Top with a generous servingspoonful of warm black beans, top the beans with a fried egg, salsa and cheese. Finish off this killer, 24hour bellypleaser with a sprinkle of cilantro or parsley and chopped scallions, chives or red onion, sour cream or yogurt., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 red onion, finely chopped, 1 15ounce can black beans, 1 12 teaspoons ground chipotle, chili powder or cumin, 2 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco or Franks Red Hot, 4 large or extra large eggs, Salt and pepper, 1 16ounce jar tomatillo salsa salsa verde or green salsa, any brand, 1 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, available in 10 ounce sacks on dairy aisles, 4 small 6 to 8inch flour tortillas, Garnishes u2013 choose from whatever you have on hand: chopped cilantro or parsley and finely chopped scallions, chives or red onions, sour cream or yogurt], title: Green Ranch Hand Eggs, picturelink: null}, 57810: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 cupcake pans with 12 paper muffin cups each. Sift together the flour and baking powder and stir in the polenta and salt.nIn a mixer with the paddle attachment, cream together the butter and the sugar until light and fluffy. With the mixer running add the egg yolks, 1 at a time. Beat in the milk, vanilla, and lemon zest. With the mixer on low speed add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture until just incorporated.nIn a clean, dry bowl whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Add a pinch of sugar while the whites are mixing. Add half of the whites to the mixture and beat with the paddle. Remove the bowl from the mixer and gently fold in the remaining egg whites with a spatula to incorporate air and lighten the batter.nSpoon the batter into the lined muffin molds to fill the cups about 23 full.nBake 20 to 25 minutes, or until the tops are golden and a wooden skewer comes out clean when inserted into the center. Cool the entire pan on a wire rack for a few minutes before removing the individual cupcakes. Cool the cupcakes completely to room temperature before frosting.nCombine mascarpone with the confectioners sugar and beat together with a whisk until combined. Ice the cupcakes and decorate with the berries., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 cup polenta, medium ground, 12 teaspoon gray salt, 2 sticks butter, softened, 2 cups sugar, plus a pinch for whipping egg whites, 6 eggs, separated, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 lemons, zested, 16 ounces mascarpone cheese, 12 cup powdered sugar, 4 cups mixed berries raspberry, blueberry, blackberry], title: Polenta Birthday Cupcakes with Mascarpone Frosting, picturelink: yB1qmrLQ5cQqJWnfN2aVIOxPzwSIe4u}, 57811: {instructions: Special equipment: a mandolinenIn a food processor, add the mushrooms, shallots and chard and pulse until chopped and uniform, about 5 times.nHeat a large pan to medium high. Add the butter and cook until foaming. Add the mushroom mixture and toss. Let the ingredients brown, undisturbed, about 5 minutes. Stir, add the crushed red pepper and some salt and continue cooking for 10 more minutes. Set aside to cool.nMix together the cooled mushroom mixture with the ricotta, thyme and 14 cup of the Parmesan. Season with more salt and crushed red pepper if needed. Add in the egg and stir until combined. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a mandoline, slice the potatoes thinly lengthwise make sure they are very thin, almost translucent. You should be able to see your shadow behind them.nSpray an 8by8inch glass baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Place a layer of the potatoes on the bottom. Spread about 14 cup of the ricotta mixture across the slices and repeat about 6 times, or until you run out of potatoes or cheese mixture. Make sure the top layer is potatoes.nCover tightly with foil and bake until the potatoes are tender, about 1 hour. Let rest for 15 minutes. Sprinkle with the chopped basil and remaining 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [1 pint cremini mushrooms, 1 shallot, roughly chopped, 12 bunch Swiss chard, roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper, plus more if needed, Salt, 16 ounces whole milk ricotta, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 1 large egg, whisked, 2 medium sweet potatoes, peeled, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking dish, Chopped fresh basil, for sprinkling], title: Sweet Potato and Mushroom Lasagna, picturelink: qnQ4YZ1zT6rklrRM6HWCimLMcOy.ame}, 57812: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a nonreactive mixing bowl, mixing until the sugar and salt dissolve. Taste for seasoning, adding pepper as needed. Transfer to a clean, sterile jar and refrigerate. Will keep for several months., ingredients: [2 cups cider vinegar, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 2 tablespoons paprika, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 to 2 teaspoons cayenne, 1 to 2 teaspoons ground black pepper], title: Jacks Old South Competition Vinegar Sauce, picturelink: ckRgRNqEWMSgKdSzkmb35MkD7liULji}, 57813: {instructions: Heat oil in a small stockpot on medium heat. Add onion and saute until brown. Remove the onion from oil and add tomatoes, basil and pepper to taste. Bring to a boil over medium heat for 10 minutes and then simmer over low heat until reduced. The oil should separate from tomatoes and float to the top about 45 to 60 minutes. Add salt but only when the sauce is almost done.nIn a bowl, mix sausage, garlic, parsley, and pepper until well blended. Set aside. Cut beef into thin slices and flatten with mallet until very thin, and meat slice is about as big as your hand. Place a tablespoon of sausage mixture in the middle and roll up the beef. Secure with a toothpick. Heat pan with olive oil and saute brasciole until well browned. Transfer to tomato sauce and reduce to a simmer. Continue to cook tomato sauce with brasciole until sauce is done, when oil separates from the tomato sauce and floats to the top.nPlace flour in a mound onto a work surface, and make a well or hollow in the center. Crack eggs into the well, and whisk them slightly. With hands or fork, gradually draw some of the flour into the eggs until the eggs are no longer runny. Gently draw the sides of the mound into the egg mixture, and when eggs are soaked up by the flour, begin working the mixture into a dough. Knead the dough using the heel of your palm for about 8 to 10 minutes. Use water as needed until a smooth, integrated mixture is achieved. Let dough rest for at least 20 minutes. Using a pasta machine or wooden dowel, roll out dough and make into desired shape. Gently drop into a large pot of boiling water, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.nServe Brasciole over fettuccine., ingredients: [13 cup quality olive oil, 1 onion, julienne, 2 quarts peeled, chopped plum tomatoes, Basil, preferably fresh, Pepper, Salt, 6 ounces Italian sausage, 1 clove garlic, minced, Fresh parsley, chopped, Pepper, 1 pound chuck or flank cut of beef, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cups flour, 4 eggs, 3 to 4 tablespoons water], title: Brasciole with Fettuccini and Tomato Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57814: {instructions: Special equipment: an icewater bath an ice cream machine at least 2 minimuffin tins, 24 cups each nonstick cooking spraynMake the ice cream: Heat the halfandhalf and vanilla bean in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt scorch on the bottom. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat. Set the mixture aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhisk together the egg yolks and sugar in a medium bowl. Whisking constantly, slowly pour the hot halfandhalf mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees F, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees F, it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. Test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat.nImmediately whisk in the peanut butter and whisk until smooth. Strain the mixture into a bowl to smooth it and remove the vanilla bean. Rest the bottom of the bowl in the ice bath and let the mixture cool, stirring often, for 2 hours. Freeze according to the directions of the ice cream machine.nMake the crusts: In a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, mix the flour and sugar. Add the butter and mix until coarse and sandy.nWhisk the egg yolks, cream, and vanilla together. Add to the flour mixture and mix at low speed just until combined. If the mixture seems too dry, add another teaspoon of heavy cream. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and form into a disk. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, until ready to use. The recipe can be made up to this point and keep refrigerated for up to 2 days.nRoll out the dough 18inch thick on a lightly floured surface and cut out circles that are 2 inches larger in diameter than the minimuffin cups.nSpray the muffin tin well with nonstick cooking spray, then gently press the dough rounds into the cups, easing the dough completely into the cups. Smooth out the folds by pressing the dough against the sides and bottoms of the cups the walls will become a little thicker. Use your fingers to form the rim of each tartlet into an even edge, pulling or cutting off extra bits of dough, if necessary.nSpray the bottomoutside of another minimuffin tin with nonstick spray and gently push it down into the tin with the dough rounds so that it spoons into the bottom cups. This will help prevent shrinkage during baking. Chill for 30 minutes.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F.nKeeping the tins pressed together, turn them upside down on a sheet pan. Bake until the crusts are dry and golden but not brown, about 12 minutes. Let them cool upside down for 20 minutes, then invert the pans and carefully lift the top tin out, leaving the pastry cups in the bottom tin.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Melt the chocolate and butter together in the top of a double boiler set over barely simmering water, stirring frequently. When melted, remove the mixture from the heat and whisk in the eggs, sugar, vanilla, and salt.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPour the filling into the prebaked tart shells still in their tins and bake for 11 to 13 minutes, until the filling is set at the edges but still a little moist in the center.nMeanwhile, make the caramel sauce: Pour the sugar into the center of a deep saucepan. Carefully pour 12 cup water around the sugar, trying not to splash any sugar onto the sides of the pan. Do not stir gently draw your finger through the center of the sugar to moisten it. Over high heat, bring the mixture to a full boil and cook without stirring, swirling the pot occasionally to even out the color, until it is ambercaramel, 10 to 20 minutes. When the mixture is done, immediately remove the pot from the heat. Use a wooden spoon to slowly stir in the red wine. Set aside.nWhen ready to serve, arrange the tarts on serving plates. Put a dollop of the sauce on the plate on 1 side of the tart and a small scoop of the ice cream on the other side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 quart 4 cups halfandhalf, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup peanut butter, preferably smooth, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, or more as needed, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 7 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 7 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 cups sugar, 12 cup water, 1 12 cups red wine, Cabernet or another fullbodied wine], title: Fudge Tartlets with Peanut Butter Ice Cream and Cabernet Caramel, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 57815: {instructions: Measure the balsamic vinegar and pour into a saucepan. Bring it to a gentle boil over a low heat. Cook it until the balsamic vinegar has reduced to a nice thick glaze but still pourable, about 15 minutes. Oh and one other thing, your house will stink. But its a good kind of stink, its a vinegary stink. Allow the reduction to cool to room temperature before you serve it.nWhen you are ready to assemble the salad, cut the tomatoes into thick slices. Arrange them on a platter, alternating them with the mozzarella slices. Tuck the whole basil leaves in between the tomato and cheese slices.nDrizzle on the gorgeous, almost black balsamic reduction. Then drizzle olive oil in a thin stream over the top. Finally, sprinkle on salt and pepper.nYou need this in your life. Make it today my friends., ingredients: [2 cups balsamic vinegar, 3 ripe tomatoes, 12 ounces fresh mozzarella, thickly sliced, Large bunch fresh basil leaves, Olive oil, for drizzling, Large pinch kosher salt, Large pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: Caprese Salad, picturelink: 92C9MeaJusqxQwhQDebjVWn3MHCc8W}, 57816: {instructions: Put the vegetable oil and a few test popcorn kernels in a large pot. Heat over mediumhigh heat until the kernels pop, then carefully add the remaining kernels in a single layer. Cover and cook, shaking the pot, until there are several seconds between pops. Transfer the popcorn to a bowl. Lightly oil a baking sheet.nWipe out the pot, then add the sugar, corn syrup, molasses, peanut oil, 14 teaspoon salt and the peanuts. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring often, until a candy thermometer registers 290 degrees F, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the popcorn until coated. Transfer the caramel corn to the prepared baking sheet and let cool, then break into small pieces., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for the baking sheet, 13 cup popcorn kernels preferably mushroom kernels, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons dark corn syrup, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 teaspoons roasted peanut oil, Kosher salt, 12 cup raw peanuts], title: AlmostFamous Caramel Corn, picturelink: t9jBvOfEzq4mS5vOnnZMPqphcVojHue}, 57817: {instructions: Make ginger simple syrup by combining ginger, and 1 cup water and 1 cup sugar in a small saucepan and simmer until sugar has dissolved. Set aside to cool. Peel cucumbers and cut half of 1 into thin slices. Puree the remaining 1 12 cucumbers in a blender. In a shaker, combine sake, pureed cucumber, ginger simple syrup and lychee juice. Shake to combine and serve in ice filled glasses garnished with lychee fruit., ingredients: [4 long thin slices fresh ginger, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 2 English cucumbers, plus extra slices for garnish, 12 cup sake, 14 cup lychee juice, plus lychees for garnish], title: Cucumber Lychee Sake, picturelink: null}, 57818: {instructions: Peel the shrimp, reserving the shells. Carefully devein the shrimp and coarsely chop. Coarsely chop the scallops and combine with the shrimp and 14 cup water in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse on and off to finely chop but dont create a puree. Add another tablespoon of water if the mixture becomes sticky. Cover, and set aside in the refrigerator while you make the broth.nStart the broth, or fumet, by heating the olive oil in a large straightsided saute pan. Add the reserved shrimp shells, onions, garlic, and hot pepper. Saute over moderate heat for about 10 minutes until the onions have softened and the shells have turned deep pink. Add the wine and reduce until you have 14 to 13 cup left in the pan. Add 4 cups water and boil vigorously to reduce until you have about 3 cups of liquid left. Strain the fumet through a fine sieve into another large saute pan. Add the tomato and bring to a boil. Taste and add salt, if necessary. Set aside over very low heat and simmer gently while you cook the pasta.nBring at least 5 quarts of water to a boil in a large pot. Generously salt the water and drop in the spaghettini. Cook, stirring often, until the pasta is almost al dente, about 4 minutes. Drain the pasta and transfer to the fumet. Fold in the chopped shrimp and scallops along with the butter and parsley. Simmer just until the spaghettini is al dente and the seafood is cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 ounces medium shrimp, in their shells, 5 ounces fresh scallops, 14 cup water, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup finely chopped onions, 1 teaspoon finely minced fresh garlic, 1 small fresh hot pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tomato, peeled, seeded, and finely chopped, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 pound dried spaghettini, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 tablespoons finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Spaghettini with Chopped Shrimp and Scallops in Rich Broth, picturelink: T.snI9zv8dNnxuBVk93MqxIiwO7fP7S}, 57819: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, whisk the flour, sugar, flaxseed meal, cinnamon, baking powder and salt. Place the mixture into a food processor and add the butter and lemon zest. Pulse until the butter and lemon zest begin to make the mixture crumbly. Drizzle in the water while you pulse the dough until it starts to pull away from the side of the bowl.nDivide the dough in half and shape each half into a disk. On a floured surface, roll each disk out until about 1inch thick. Wrap the disks in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nWhen ready to use the dough, remove the disks from the fridge and let stand for 10 minutes. When ready to use, roll the disks out to a 12inch thickness and place into desired pie plate., ingredients: [1 12 cups whole wheat pastry flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon flaxseed meal, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch cubes, Zest of 1 lemon, 6 tablespoons ice water], title: Whole Wheat Pie Crust, picturelink: A7GoQHItgm1fhyl2LvKruzxsewzaG}, 57820: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.nCombine the spices with the honey, butter and rum. Arrange the pineapple, peaches and pears in a 9inch round pyrex baking pan. Drizzle spice mixture over the top and bake for 1 hour bake while your family or guests are having dinner.nServe warm with ice cream garnish with mint., ingredients: [14 teaspoon each ground cardamom and cinnamon, 18 teaspoon each ground cloves, coriander and ginger, 14 cup honey, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons rum, 12 ripe pineapple, cored and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 peaches, blanched, peeled, pitted and quartered, 2 pears, peeled, cored and quartered, Mint or vanilla ice cream, optional, Fresh mint leaves, optional], title: Fruit and Spice Bake, picturelink: null}, 57821: {instructions: In a saucepan cook the sausage until almost finished and remove from the saucepan. To the saucepan add 14 cup of olive oil and heat. Then add 1 cup of onions, oregano and garlic and saute for 2 minutes. Then add 6 cups of tomatoes, parsley and 14 cup of basil. Simmer for 5 minutes than add back to the sausage and simmer for 10 minutes then add the peas. Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente. Toss pasta with the sausage, add 12 cup of basil and season with salt and pepper.nCut the kernels off the ears of corn and in a large bowl mix the corn with, remaining onion, 6 chopped tomatoes, basil and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet Italian sausage, roughly chopped, 34 cups olive oil, divided, 1 12 cups onion, diced and divided, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, crushed, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 6 cups plus 6 whole tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup parsley, chopped, 1 cup basil, julienned and divided, 2 cups frozen peas, 2 pounds penne pasta, 3 ears corn, blanched, Salt and pepper], title: Italian Sausage Penne Pasta with Tomatoes and Peas and Sweet Corn Salad, picturelink: null}, 57822: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nMix 6 tablespoons of olive oil, the garlic, salt, pepper and herbs. Add potatoes and toss. Spread out onto a baking sheet and bake for 55 minutes, stirring occasionally. When potatoes are golden brown remove the pan from the oven and let cool. When potatoes are cool, place them in a bowl and scrape the pan drippings into a measuring cup. Add enough oil to the drippings to measure 6 tablespoons of oil. Whisk the vinegar and mustard in a small bowl. Gradually add the oil and then mix in the shallots. Pour the dressing over the potatoes and combine. Season with salt and pepper, if needed. Add chopped basil. Let stand for 1 hour at room temperature. Serve., ingredients: [11 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 6 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground pepper, Handful chopped fresh thyme and rosemary leaves, 3 pounds russet potatoes, cut into large dice, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 cup chopped shallots, 1 cup chopped basil leaves], title: Anns Roasted Potato Salad, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 57823: {instructions: In a large serving bowl, whisk the mustard, vinegar, salt, and pepper together. Drizzle the olive oil over in a thin stream, whisking all the time until it is completely emulsified. Set aside.nIn a small sauce pan, combine the sherry with the raisins and warm up to just below the boil. Remove from the heat and leave to macerate for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nWhen ready to serve, combine the carrots with the raisins and all of their soaking liquid in the bowl with the vinaigrette. Toss to coat all the ingredients evenly and serve at once., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons Dijonstyle mustard, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup fruity Spanish olive oil, 12 cup amontillado or other full flavored sherry such as Cream, 34 cup golden raisins, 1 12 pounds young tender carrots, cut into 18 inch julienne strips], title: Carrot Salad with Raisins and Sherry Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 57824: {instructions: Heat hot chili oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When oil is hot, add the potatoes. Stir in the garlic cloves, chili powder, cumin, and cayenne pepper. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until crispy., ingredients: [1 tablespoon hot chili oil, 1 cup cooked Yukon gold potatoes, 2 minced garlic cloves, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper], title: Crispy Skillet Potatoes, picturelink: spO413eRmE3F3AM3YXXv5oF4ReiT1za}, 57825: {instructions: For the chocolate calypso beans: Rinse the beans. Rehydrate the beans by soaking them overnight. Drain and rinse.nIn a large stockpot, saute the onion, poblano peppers and garlic in the olive oil until translucent do not let the garlic brown.nHeat the cumin, crushed red peppers, allspice and cinnamon in a small dry saute pan until toasted.nTo the sauteed onion mixture, add the beans, toasted spices, chicken stock and brown ale. Raise the heat to high, bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer.nAdd the chocolate and simmer, stirring often, until the beans are tender, about 2 hours. When beans are tender, season with salt. Taste and adjust seasonings.nFor the wet jerk rub: Blend the brown sugar, soy sauce, allspice, rum, thyme, cinnamon, nutmeg, garlic, green onion and habanero together in blender until smooth. Set aside.nFor the crusted fish: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPeel and grate the plantains on box grater. Combine the plantains, lime juice, 4 tablespoons of the wet jerk rub and some salt in a bowl and mix to create the crust.nSeason the fish with salt and top each piece with a layer of the jerk plantain crust. Heat the clarified butter in a large ovenproof saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sear the fish crustside down until the crust is caramelized, about 30 seconds, being careful not to burn. Flip the fish and transfer the pan to the oven. Bake until cooked through, about 7 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish. Do not overcooknFor the pickled shallots and jicama: Place the shallots and jicama in a heatproof bowl. In a medium saucepan, combine the sugar, vinegar and 12 cup water and bring to a boil. Pour over the shallots and jicama and let cool at room temperature. Set aside.nFor the guava and carambola salad: Combine the guavas, carambola, cilantro, lime juice, olive oil and the pickled shallot and jicama mixture and season with salt to taste.nTo serve: Top the chocolate calypso beans with the jerk plantain encrusted fish. Top with a portion of the salad mixture that will compliment size of fish., ingredients: [2 pounds calypso beans, 2 cups mediumdiced onion, 2 poblano peppers, medium dice, 10 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon cumin, 12 tablespoon crushed red peppers, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 quarts chicken stock, Two 12ounce bottles brown ale beer, such as Cigar City Maduro, 2 melting discs Mexican chocolate, such as Taza about 2.7 ounces each, Salt, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon ground allspice, toasted, 34 tablespoon dark rum, 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 4 cloves garlic, 1 12 bunches green onion, chopped, 12 habanero pepper, seeded and deveined, 4 green plantains, 1 fresh lime, juiced, Salt, Four 6ounce portions fresh fish, such as triple tail, snapper or grouper, 1 to 2 tablespoons clarified butter, 2 large shallots, thinly sliced on a mandoline, 1 cup peeled and julienned jicama, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 red guavas, peeled, quartered and julienned, 1 carambola starfruit, discolored edges removed, julienned, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon key lime juice, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt], title: Jerk Plantain Seared Triple Tail, Chocolate Calypso Beans, Red Guava and Carambola Salad, picturelink: null}, 57826: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn your largest pan with straight sides and a lid, add the olive oil on mediumhigh heat. When the oil begins to swirl, add the bell pepper, onions, Italian seasoning, a pinch of salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook until the vegetables are tender and the onions become translucent, about 8 minutes. Add the garlic and stir.nAdd the sausage and beef in parts around the pan. Cook while breaking up with a wooden spoon until both are cooked through and browned, 10 to 12 minutes. Add the tomatoes and stir. Add enough stock to cover the contents by almost an inch. Bring the pan to a boil then add the broken lasagna sheets. Nudge and nestle them beneath the level of liquid. Cover the pot, lower the heat to a simmer and cook until the lasagna noodles are al dente, 6 to 8 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, mix the ricotta and the lemon zest. Evenly scoop the pansagna into shallow serving bowls. Immediately top each with some shredded cheese, a dollop of the ricotta blend, and garnish with some basil and parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 cup chopped Vidalia onions, 2 tablespoons Italian seasoning, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced or grated on a rasp, 2 links spicy Italian sausage, casing removed and crumbled, 1 pound ground chuck, 8020 blend, One 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 to 2 cups beef or veal stock, 8 parcooked lasagna sheets, broken into shards, 2 cups ricotta, Zest of 2 lemons, 1 cup shredded Cheddar and Monterey Jack cheese blend, 14 cup loosely packed chopped fresh basil, 14 cup loosely packed chopped fresh parsley], title: Sunnys Pansagna  One Pan Plan Lasagna, picturelink: JKr33fVFLBd3sUvVa05D6Unpy35Wyq}, 57827: {instructions: Peel ginger. Slice against the grain of the root to prevent chips from being stringy. When slicing, slice pieces as thinly as possible. If young ginger is not available, use of common ginger can be substituted. In the case of using common ginger, after slicing, rinse pieces in cold water and let soak for at least 12 hours, occasionally changing water. This will remove sharpness, so that it wont be overpowering. Heat a saute pan with olive oil. Heat to about 300 degrees F. Lightly dust ginger chips in cornstarch and fry in hot oil. Turn chips for even cooking. When golden brown, remove. Store on a towellined plate to absorb any excess oil. Use as desired., ingredients: [6 ounces ginger, young, Salt and pepper to taste, Olive oil, Cornstarch], title: Ginger Chips, picturelink: null}, 57828: {instructions: 1. Blend together BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita Mix, orange juice, BACARDIu00ae Superior, cucumber and ice for 45 to 60 seconds or until uniform.n2. Pour into collins glasses, and garnish with cucumber wheelsn3. Serves five people, ingredients: [12 can of frozen BACARDIu00ae Mixers Margarita Mix, 12 cup of BACARDIu00ae Superior, 14 cup of orange juice, 12 cucumber, peeled  sliced, 4 cups of ice, Garnish with cucumber], title: BACARDIandreg Mixers Cucumberita, picturelink: 4Rtv.dGBOtWdLiZlz.NgSYLifHdXYm}, 57829: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine lobster, tomato, avocado and Caesar dressing. Mix together, adding salt, pepper, and lemon juice. Set aside. Blanch several whole chives by dropping in boiling water for 10 seconds. Slice tortillas into 14s with knife. Roll each tortilla quarter into a cone shape. Secure by tying blanched chive like a string around cone. Scoop lobster mixture generously into cone, filling up to top. Adorn opening of each cone with freshly chopped lettuce., ingredients: [1 8ounce container chopped lobster meat, 1 cup finely chopped tomato, 1 avocado, peeled and diced, 12 cup cilantropepita Caesar dressing, Pinch salt and pepper, 12 lemon, juiced, Whole chives, 2 12inch flour tortillas, Freshly chopped lettuce], title: Lobster Wrap, picturelink: Y7PoXZnTUskdsSCRXaF5mQCZM2k6J.}, 57830: {instructions: In a large bowl stir together salt, cayenne, paprika, and coriander.nIn a 4quart heavy kettle, heat oil over moderate heat until a deepfat thermometer registers 325 degrees.nWhile oil is heating, cut potatoes lengthwise into 14inchthick sticks. Fry potatoes in oil 1 12 minutes potatoes will not be golden and with a slotted spoon transfer to brown paper or paper towels to drain.nHeat oil to 350 degrees F. Return potatoes to oil and fry until golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Transfer fries with a slotted spoon to clean brown paper or paper towels to drain and toss fries in spice mixture., ingredients: [1 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon ground coriander seeds, 4 cups vegetable oil, 4 medium baking potatoes, like russets about 4 pounds total], title: Spicy French Fries, picturelink: b7QAD8lrRuq2oARNVZmmSljeMJt51cu}, 57831: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the avocados in half, remove the pits, and scoop the flesh out of their shells into a large bowl. I use my hands. Immediately add the lemon juice, Tabasco, onion, garlic, salt, and pepper and toss well. Using a sharp knife, slice through the avocados in the bowl until they are finely diced. Add the tomatoes. Mix well and taste for salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 ripe Haas avocados, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice 1 lemon, 8 dashes Tabasco sauce, 12 cup smalldiced red onion 1 small onion, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium tomato, seeded, and smalldiced], title: Guacamole, picturelink: zJc9DKsZ.8sJirYEy8B7B7DFSRXW9Vy}, 57832: {instructions: Simmer dried mushrooms in water for 15 minutes. Let sit for 12 hour, then drain through coffee filter or fine mesh sieve, squeezing juice from mushrooms. Reserve the liquid.nIn a large, heavybottomed braising pan or Dutch oven, heat the oil to very hot. In batches, brown the short ribs. Remove them to a side platter. Add the onions and cook until lightly colored. Add the garlic and cook for 1 more minute. Return the short ribs to the pan and add the mushroom reconstituting water.nOn low flame, cook for 1 hour and 15 minutes, occasionally repositioning the ribs for even cooking until very tender.nRemove the ribs and strain the stock. Skim off most of the fat you can do this by cooling it down, then setting it in the refrigerator. Bring stock to slow boil in the pan. Add all the mushrooms and meat. Simmer and heat through. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, put soup into bowls. Place 2 ribs in center, scoop of barley to the side, and mushrooms around. Serve with MustardHorseradish Sauce.nRemove ribs and seeds from the chile and mince. Mix into horseradish and mustard., ingredients: [1 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 3 quarts water, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 pounds short ribs or flanken, 1 large Spanish onion, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, 6 ounces oyster mushrooms cut into small bouquets, 12 pound shiitakes, stemmed, 3 to 3 12 ounces enokis, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup barley, cooked in stock, MustardHorseradish Sauce, recipe follows, 1 serrano or jalapeno, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 14 cup Dijon mustard], title: Wild Mushroom Barley Soup with Flanken Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: null}, 57833: {instructions: In a large skillet, heat the olive oil, add the garlic, and saute until golden brown. Add the sliced chile and continue mixing until the oil has taken on the color of the chile.nAdd the shrimp to the hot pan and saute for 3 minutes. Add the lemon juice and the tomatoes. Add the tequila to the shrimp and carefully flambe. Cook until the alcohol burns out. On low heat, add the butter and swirl until the sauce slightly thickens.nTo serve, plate the shrimp in the center of each plate and add the sauce in the center. Garnish each plate with chive sprigs., ingredients: [1 12 ounces olive oil, 2 cloves elephant garlic, sliced, 2 ounces sliced guajillo chile, 24 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tomatoes, diced, 2 ounces tequila, 4 ounces butter, Chive sprigs], title: Tequila Shrimp with Garlic and Guajillo Chile, picturelink: null}, 57834: {instructions: Cut the butter into pieces to facilitate melting. In a skillet, distribute the butter and sage, and stir over low heat until the butter has melted. Add the cream and cooked gnocchi, and cook over moderate heat, turning gently with a wooden spoon until the gnocchi are coated with sauce and heated thoroughly, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the sauced gnocchi to serving plates, sprinkle with Parmigiano and pepper, and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 12 leaves fresh sage, 1 cup heavy cream, Cooked gnocchi, 12 cup grated Parmigiano, Freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Sage Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57835: {instructions: Sort the beans to make sure they are free of stones or other debris. Rinse, then cover with cold water, refrigerate, and soak overnight. The next day, drain the beans, place them in a large pot, and cover with the stock. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer the beans for 1 12 to 2 hours, or until they are tender. Add 1 teaspoon of salt in the final 15 minutes of cooking. The addition of salt earlier in the cooking process will result in tough beans.nRemove the beans with a slotted spoon and transfer to a large mixing bowl. Add all the remaining seasoning and other ingredients to the warm beans in the bowl and toss together. Adjust the salt and add freshly ground pepper to taste. Serve warm or chilled., ingredients: [1 pound dried Great Northern, navy, pea or other white beans, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 teaspoon salt, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Tuscan White Beans with Olive Oil, picturelink: null}, 57836: {instructions: Skewer shrimp, season with salt and pepper and grill about 5 minutes, or until just cooked through. Combine pepper, mango, vinegar, rum, cilantro and garlic in a saucepan and simmer 5 minutes. Serve as dipping sauce for shrimp., ingredients: [Sugar cane skewers, 1 pound large shrimp, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 1 Scotch Bonnet pepper, minced, 1 mango, flesh pureed, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Meyers rum, 2 tablespoons cilantro, 2 tablespoons minced garlic], title: Sugar Cane Skewered Shrimp with RumScotch Bonnet Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57837: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine all ingredients except flour. Blend thoroughly with your hands. Form into 1inch meatballs, roll in flour to coat, and place on dish. Spray a large skillet lightly with nonstick cooking spray. Heat over medium heat. Cook meatballs 56 minutes until cooked through, turning to brown evenly. Serve immediately with a large Greek salad., ingredients: [12 pound each 112 pounds total ground beef, veal, and lamb, mixed., 1 large onion, chopped, 34 cup chopped parsley, 12 cup bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, or 1 12 tablespoons dried, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 large egg, 14 cup milk, Allpurpose flour], title: Greek Meatballs with Beef, Veal and Lamb, picturelink: null}, 57838: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, add flour, salt, cream cheese, egg, butter, and milk. With your hands mix together until dough forms a ball. Turn out on a floured board and knead until smooth. You may add a little more flour to make the dough pliable. Divide dough into fourths. Put the pieces under a damp cloth, so it wont dry out. Roll the first piece to 14 inch of thickness and cut with a 3inch cookie cutter or a glass. Put pierogi rounds under damp cloth while cutting the rest.nFilling: This may be made ahead of time Mash hot potatoes. Saute onion in the butter and add this to the hot mashed potatoes along with the cheddar cheese, salt and pepper. You may add a little milk if too dense. The consistency should be a little thicker than mashed potatoes.nAssembly of pierogis: For each pierogi, place 1 tablespoon of potato mixture in the center of the dough circle. Fold over to form a half circle. Seal edges by pinching together with your fingers. I then take a fork and press all along the edges. Repeat with remaining dough filling.nCooking pierogis: Fill a large pot half full with water and bring to a boil. Drop 5 or 6 pierogis in at a time. When they float to the top, cook for 1 minute. Place in a colander to drain. They will stick to paper towels. Repeat with remaining pierogis.nFrying pierogis: In a large frying pan saute onion in butter and remove onion to a separate bowl. Place pierogis in pan and cook for 2 mintues on each side. You may have to add more butter for frying. Remove and place in a covered casserole dish. When all pierogis are prepared, pour sauteed onion over the top. Serve with sour cream or applesauce., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon butter, softened, 12 cup lukewarm milk, 4 to 5 medium potatoes, peeled, boiled in water until fork tender, 2 teaspoons butter, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 large onion, roughly chopped, 1 stick butter, plus extra for frying], title: Pats Potato Pierogis Elegante, picturelink: null}, 57839: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the carrot cake: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread 12 cup of the pecans on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden and toasted, 10 to 12 minutes. Allow to cool, and then finely chop.nCombine the pecans, flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger and 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the oil, sugar and eggs in a separate bowl. Stir the carrots into the egg mixture. Fold the carrotegg mixture into the flour mixture until just combined. Pour into an ungreased 9inch springform cake pan and tap it on the counter to even out the batter. Bake until the cake bounces back when pressed and a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool completely. The cake can be made a day ahead and stored in the pan.nFor the cheesecake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Beat the cream cheese, sour cream and granulated sugar in a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment until smooth and creamy, about 5 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the flour, lemon zest and juice and vanilla, about 1 minute.nPour the cheesecake mixture over the carrot cake. Wrap the bottom and sides of the pan with a large piece of foil. Put in a roasting pan or a large baking dish and fill halfway up the sides of the cake pan with water. Bake until the cheesecake is pale yellow and just jiggles slightly in the center, about 1 hour. Turn off the oven and let the cheesecake rest in the hot oven for 30 minutes. Remove, run a sharp knife around the edge and let cool completely on a rack. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight.nFor the sour cream topping: Whisk together the confectioners sugar, sour cream, vanilla and salt. Spread on top of the cheesecake garnish with chopped pecans. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving. Cut into slices and serve., ingredients: [12 cup pecan halves, plus more, chopped, for garnish, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Kosher salt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 12 cups shredded carrot 2 to 3 medium carrots, Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 23 cup sour cream, 23 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon lemon zest plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice from 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch kosher salt], title: Carrot CakeCheesecake, picturelink: AlDtaf5kGIX8sDf5Gbnz01AUNusH5Ou}, 57840: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSplit the jalapenos lengthwise from the stem to tip, then cut crosswise making a shallow T at the top the stem end. Fold the peppers open and remove the veins and seeds with a paring knife.nPut the pimento cheese into a pastry bag or a heavyduty plastic bag with a corner snipped off. Fill each jalapeno with 1 to 1 12 tablespoons pimento cheese, and press closed. In a shallow bowl, mix the breadcrumbs with the Italian seasoning. Dip the poppers first in the eggs and then in the breadcrumb mixture. Repeat, dipping first in egg and again breadcrumbs, for double dredge. Set the breaded poppers on a drying rack.nFill a large castiron skillet with 1 inch of oil heat over medium heat until the oil reaches 325 degrees F. In two batches, add the poppers and cook until golden brown, flipping halfway through, 5 to 6 minutes total. Drain on a wire rack set over a baking sheet and season with salt.nServe immediately, but be careful not to burn your tonguenMix the cream cheese in a bowl until smooth, about 1 minute. Mix in the Cheddar, garlic powder and roasted red peppers. Add salt and pepper to taste, but do go heavy on the salt start with 14 teaspoon and go from therethis is where all seasoning is coming from for the whole dish, ingredients: [12 medium jalapenos, 34 cup Pimento Cheese, recipe follows, 1 cup fine herbed breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 3 eggs, beaten, Canola oil, for panfrying, Kosher salt, 4 ounces cream cheese, room temperature, 2 ounces sharp Cheddar, shredded, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons chopped roasted red pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pimento Cheese Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 57841: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 cups hickory, cherrywood or applewood chips 1 large piece cheesecloth Kitchen twine 1 9inchround disposable aluminum pie pannSoak the wood chips in water 1 hour, then prepare your grill for smoking. See instructions below.nLay out the cheesecloth on a work surface and brush with olive oil. Place the cheese in the middle and top with the bay leaves. Wrap the cheesecloth tightly around the cheese and tie closed with kitchen twine. Set the cheese, herbside up, in the disposable pie pan.nOnce the grill reaches 250 degrees F, place the pan with the cheese on the cooler side of the grill. Close the grill and let smoke until slightly golden, about 20 minutes. If using a gas grill, turn off the flame and let the cheese sit, covered, 10 more minutes this is not necessary if using charcoal it imparts more smoky flavor. Remove from the grill and unwrap.nMake a smoker box. Drain the wood chips and transfer to a small disposable aluminum pan about 4 to 6 inches cover tightly with foil. Poke 6 holes in both the foil and the bottom of the pan using a paring knife.nHow to set up your charcoal grill:nFill a chimney starter with briquettes stuff the bottom with newspaper, ignite and let burn until the flames die and the coals are ashy. Dump the coals onto one side of the grills bottom grate.nNestle the smoker box in the coals put the top grate in place. When the chips start smoking, cover with the lid, closing the vents halfway, and heat the grill to 250 degrees F use an oven thermometer if your grill doesnt come with one.nPosition the food on the cooler side of the grill indirect heat. Close the lid and smoke as directed, adding more coals as needed to maintain the heat.nHow to set up your gas grill:nPreheat the grill to medium high on one side leave the burners off on the other side.nPlace the smoker box on the grate over the flame. When the chips start smoking, reduce the heat to low, close the grill lid and heat to 250 degrees F.nPosition the food on the cooler side of the grill indirect heat. Close the lid and smoke as directed, adjusting the heat as needed to maintain a grill temperature between 225 degrees F and 250 degrees F., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 1 small wheel brie or Camembert cheese, 2 fresh bay leaves or 2 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Smoked Brie, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 57842: {instructions: Make the broth: In a saucepan bring the water to a boil. Stir in the dashi and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 3 minutes. Stir in the soy sauce and the sugar and simmer the broth for 5 minutes. Strain the broth through a fine sieve into a heatproof bowl and pour it back into the pan.nIn a kettle of salted boiling water cook the noodles for 3 to 5 minutes, or until they are al dente, being careful not to overcook them, drain them in a colander, and rinse them under cold water.nAdd the carrots to the broth and simmer them, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the spinach and the tofu and simmer the soup for 1 minute. In a small bowl stir together well 12 cup of the soup broth and the miso and pour the mixture back into the pan. Divide the noodles among 6 large bowls, ladle the soup over them, and sprinkle each serving with some of the scallions., ingredients: [7 cups water, 1 tablespoon instant dashi, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 pound dried soba buckwheat noodles, 2 carrots, sliced thin, 12 pound spinach, coarse stems discarded and the leaves washed well, spun dry, and cut crosswise into 1 12inchwide strips, 8 to 10 ounces firm tofu preferably silken, cut into 12inch cubes, 3 to 4 tablespoons miso fermented bean paste, or to taste, if desired, 2 scallions, minced], title: Soba Soup with Spinach and Tofu, picturelink: null}, 57843: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the marinade ingredients in a bowl and set aside.nBlanch the broccoli in boiling salted water for 2 minutes. Drain and cool.nIn a small skillet over medium heat, add the olive oil and cook the garlic cloves until they are golden and soft. Set aside until cool enough to handle.nTo make the skewers: Remove the leaves from the bottom 23 of the rosemary sprigs and reserve them for future use. Skewer a mushroom, broccoli floret and a roasted garlic clove onto each rosemary sprig. Put the completed skewers on a baking sheet, brush them with the marinade, and season with salt and pepper.nGrill the rosemary skewers over mediumhigh heat for about 1 12 minutes on each side. Serve with a small wedge of Cambozola cheese., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons finely chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, blanched, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 20 garlic cloves, 10 rosemary sprigs, 20 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 1 pound Cambozola cheese, to serve], title: Rosemary Skewers of Shiitake Mushroom, Broccoli and Garlic Cloves, picturelink: s8Xxh168N7nKwGEBPeqvje93nJWwTVq}, 57844: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in a larger container. Chill. The Thurman Cafe uses the Salsa on a 12ounce burger that has been fried and topped with 3 ounces of mozzarella cheese and served openfaced on Texas Toast on a bed of lettuce. Add a side of sour cream, and you have the Thurman Salsa Burger., ingredients: [1 10 can diced tomatoes, 1 10 can tomato sauce, 2 large onions, chopped, 12 jalapenos, chopped, 1 cup diced green peppers, 2 ounces seasoned salt, 12 ounces crushed red pepper, 2 ounces taco seasoning, 12 ounces cayenne pepper, 1 ounces granulated garlic, 4 ounces cilantro, 4 12ounce beef patties, Mozzarella, Texas toast, lettuce, sour cream, for garnish], title: Salsa for Thurmans Salsa Burger, picturelink: null}, 57845: {instructions: To make crepes, mix eggs with flour, sugar and salt. Add milk and beat until mixture is smooth. Heat 6inch crepe pan and add a small nut of butter to grease pan. Pour some batter into pan and cook until the bottom is golden. Turn and cook other side. Grease pan in between making each crepe. Combine cream cheese and sour cream to make a thick paste. Spread some on each crepe and roll up. Place rolled crepes in a buttered pan. Warm the marnique or Grand Marnier. Combine sugar and butter in a pan, then add strawberries. Pour over crepes. Add warmed liqueurs and set alight., ingredients: [2 eggs, 34 cup flour, 1 teaspoon superfine sugar, Pinch salt, Milk, 2 ounces cream cheese, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 5 tablespoons marnique or Grand Marnier, 2 ounces sugar, 2 ounces butter, plus more for greasing pan, 5 ounces strawberries, hulled], title: Crepes Fitzgerald, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 57846: {instructions: Combine scotch and sherry in cocktail shaker, stir, strain into martini glass and garnish with the lemon peel spiral., ingredients: [3 ounces Oban scotch, 14ounce Tio Pepe Fino Sherry, Lemon peel spiral], title: Single Malt Scotch Martini, picturelink: null}, 57847: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 Tbs. alderwood chipsnSALAD: Place shrimp in stovetop smoker. Season with salt and pepper. Smoke on medium heat for 15 minutes, using maple wood chips, and set aside. Reserve 14cup and toss remainder with baby spinach in a large bowl. Arrange spinach on salad plates, top with shrimp and drizzle shrimp with remaining vinaigrette before serving.nVINAIGRETTE: Cut tomatoes in half and place cut side up on smoker rack. Sprinkle exposed sides with sherry vinegar, salt and pepper. Smoke for 1215 minutes on medium low. Remove smoker from heat and let rest with lid closed for another three minutes. Remove tomatoes from smoker and slip off skins with your hands, holding tomatoes over a food processor work bowl to catch juices. Discard skins. Squeeze roasted garlic cloves from their skins into food processor work bowl and process mixture for about 30 seconds to combine and puree. With processor running, add oil slowly in a thin stream until vinaigrette is emulsified. Season vinaigrette with additional salt and pepper, taste and add a few additional drops of sherry vinegar if needed to give vinaigrette a mild tanginess., ingredients: [1 12 lbs. large shrimp, peeled, deveined and butterflied, 23cup smoked tomato vinaigrette, 6 cups baby spinach, 12 large plum tomatoes, sherry vinegar, to taste, kosher salt, to taste, freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 head roasted garlic, 12cup olive oil], title: Smoked Shrimp Salad With Smoked Tomato Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 57848: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 2 minutes. Drain pasta and cool under cold running water. Cut each sheet into 4inch squares. Each Napoleon will require 3 4inch squares.nIn a large bowl, combine the mayonnaise, 14 cup of the chives, lemon juice, pepper, crab, and peas, and toss to combine.nTo assemble the Napoleons, begin with 1 sheet of pasta on a plate. Spread a small spoonful of prepared mayonnaise on the pasta sheet. Top with 14 cup of the crab salad and gently spread the salad out to the edges of the pasta. Top with another sheet of pasta. Spread another spoonful of the prepared mayonnaise mixture on the pasta sheet. Top with another 14 cup of the crab salad and gently spread the salad out to the edges of the pasta sheet. Top with a final pasta sheet. Top with a small dollop of the crab salad. Sprinkle the top with a pinch of lemon zest, a pinch of chives, and a grind of black pepper., ingredients: [12 ounces fresh pasta sheets, 1 cup mayonnaise, plus extra for pasta sheets, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped about 12 cup, reserving 14 cup for garnish, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for garnish, 1 pound lump crab meat about 3 cups, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed about 6 ounces, 1 lemon, zested, for garnish], title: Crab Salad Napoleons with Fresh Pasta, picturelink: 0uS20vNcYSxfphxgMDE0wPCEuT1.fNa}, 57849: {instructions: In a bowl dredge the cheese in flour. Rub the inside of a caquelon or other fondue pot with halved garlic clove and add wine. Heat on stovetop until warm but not boiling. Add a little lemon juice. Begin to add cheese by handfuls, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon until cheese melts to a creamy sauce consistency. Add Kirsch and season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Let mixture come to a boil, then take to table and set over a lighted burner. Serve with toasted bread cubes  either Swiss peasant bread or French or Italian., ingredients: [1 pound Emmenthaler cheese, shredded, 3 tablespoons flour, Garlic clove, 1 12 cups white wine, preferably Swiss Neuchatel or other dry, delicate white such as Chablis, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 3 tablespoons Kirsch, Salt, pepper and nutmeg], title: Swiss Fondue, picturelink: null}, 57850: {instructions: Preheat oven to 370 degrees F.nCombine flour and milk in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, whisking until blended. Reduce heat to medium and continue to cook over medium heat until thick, stirring constantly, about 10 minutes.nWhisk in all the cheeses and continue cooking until melted.nRemove cheese sauce from heat and stir in cooked macaroni and broccoli. Season with salt, to taste.nLightly spray a 2quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Pour pasta and cheese sauce mixture into dish. Top with breadcrumbs and bake for 30 minutes or until bubbly. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 13 cups 1 percent milk, 12 cup shredded Fontina, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup shredded nonfat Cheddar, 3 ounces reducedfat processed American cheese recommended: Velveeta Light, shredded, 3 cups cooked elbow macaroni, 1 12 cups broccoli florets, steamed, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 sprays nonstick cooking spray, 12 cup seasoned bread crumbs], title: Creamy FourCheese Broccoli Macaroni, picturelink: null}, 57851: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the broiler.nCombine the kale pulp, mayonnaise, Parmesan, lemon zest and juice and 1 cup of the Gruyere in a bowl and mix to combine. Transfer the mixture to a 9inch pie dish or medium ovenproof skillet and top with the remaining 1 cup Gruyere.nPlace under the broiler until the cheese starts to brown and the mixture starts to bubble, about 5 minutes. Serve warm with chips or crostini., ingredients: [1 12 cups kale pulp leftover from a juicer see Cooks Note, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Zest of 1 lemon, plus 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 cups grated Gruyere cheese, Chips or crostini, for serving], title: Creamy Kale Dip, picturelink: 3pFglebaTZtDZQYryFiRHU.JxNJ4RRG}, 57852: {instructions: Bring water, salt, lemon juice, peppercorns, and pepper flakes to a boil and poach the shrimp. Drain and place in heat proof bowl. Bring marinade ingredients to a boil and pour over shrimp. Allow to cool and refrigerate. Can be kept refrigerated for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [4 quarts water, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon whole peppercorns, Pinch red pepper flakes, 2 pounds large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 12 cup cider vinegar, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon whole coriander, 2 bay leaves, 3 whole garlic cloves, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 lemon, zested, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme], title: Pickled Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 57853: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nDrizzle the pork tenderloin and the chicken breasts with EVOO and sprinkle with the seasoning blend, salt and pepper. Place the pork on a rack set over a rimmed baking sheet and roast in the oven for 10 to 12 minutes. Reduce the heat to 425 degrees F and roast until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the pork registers 145 to 155 degrees F, about 15 more minutes do not open the oven while its cooking. Transfer the pork to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes, if desired. Then very thinly slice on an angle.nMeanwhile, heat a castiron skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook, flipping occasionally, until firm but not tight and the juices run clear, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes, if desired. Then thinly slice on an angle.nPulse the giardiniera in a food processor until finely chopped.nLayer the chicken and pork on the rolls and top with the cheese, lettuce, tomato and red onion. Scatter the giardiniera relish over the top, then drizzle with the hoagie dressing.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the vinegar, herbs, sugar, garlic, shallot, chile pepper and lemon juice. Whisk in the EVOO in a slow stream. Add the mustard and season with salt and pepper, then whisk until emulsified., ingredients: [1 pork tenderloin, trimmed, 3 skinless, boneless chicken breasts 1 14 to 1 13 pounds, EVOO, for drizzling, Montreal Grill Steak Seasoning, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup drained giardiniera, Four 10to12inch white Italian sub rolls, Sliced provolone, Chopped romaine lettuce, Sliced tomato, Thinly sliced red onion, Hoagie Dressing, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 1 rounded teaspoon superfine sugar, 1 large clove garlic, grated, 1 shallot, minced or 3 tablespoons grated red onion, 12 small Fresno chile pepper, finely chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 cup EVOO, 1 rounded tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Italian Sliced Chicken and Pork Hoagie, picturelink: X2wPLdvG5S3j09A8M68Sp07.u9IYY2}, 57854: {instructions: Mix thyme, onions, garlic, and some pimento oil together and place half in a shallow baking pan. Sprinkle black pepper on both sides of chops and place on top of mixture. Put remaining mix on top and marinate for 1 to 2 hours. Just before grilling, season with salt. Grill to desired doneness., ingredients: [4 sprigs fresh thyme, picked, 1 medium onion, sliced, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, Pimentoinfused oil, Fresh ground black pepper, 6 to 8 lamb chops, Kosher salt], title: PimentoGrilled Lamb Chops, picturelink: X5KP8aoV8qbFMCwq18NULZDP7eLOGba}, 57855: {instructions: In a small bowl combine garlic, mustard, honey, balsamic vinegar and beer. Stir in ginger. Place steak in baking pan and pour marinade over and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight. Remove from pan and season with salt and pepper. Grill on barbecue or cast iron pan for 3  5 minutes per side depending on desired degree of doneness. Slice thinly and serve., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup beer, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 2  3pounds flank steak, Salt, Pepper], title: Marinated Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 57856: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan cook the shallots and the minced celery in the butter over moderate heat, stirring, until the vegetables are softened, add the flour, and cook the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Stir in the reserved oyster liquor, milk, and cream, bring the mixture to a boil, stirring, and simmer it, stirring, for 3 minutes. Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, celery seeds, cayenne, oysters, and salt to taste, simmer the mixture for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the edges of the oysters curl, and stir in the celery leaves.Arrange a bottom half of a corn bread square on each of 8 heated plates, spoon the creamed oysters over the bottom halves, and top them with the remaining halves., ingredients: [12 cup minced shallot, 12 cup minced celery plus 3 tablespoons chopped celery leaves, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 32 shucked oysters, reserving 1 14 cups of the liquor, strained, 14 cup milk, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon ground celery seeds, 14 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, 8 squares of corn bread, split, toasted, and buttered], title: Creamed Oysters on Toasted Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 57857: {instructions: Prepare a large pot of boiling salted water, and fill a large bowl with ice water.nRemove the tough bottoms of the asparagus stalks. If they are thick, peel the stems halfway up the stalk.nAdd the carrots to the pot of boiling water and blanch for 1 minute. Immediately remove the carrots with a slotted spoon and plunge them in the bowl of ice water. Drain the carrots when fully cooled.nAdd the asparagus to the boiling water and blanch for 1 minute. Immediately remove the asparagus with a slotted spoon and plunge them into the reserved bowl of ice water. Drain the asparagus when fully cooled.nSlice the radicchio into wedges.nArrange the carrots, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, and radicchio on a platter and serve with the Herb Dip.nPlace the cream cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise, scallions, parsley, dill, salt, and pepper in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and blend. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, 1 pound carrots, sliced diagonally in 1inch chunks, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 2 heads radicchio, Herb Dip, recipe follows, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 4 scallions, white and green parts, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Blanched Crudites, picturelink: null}, 57858: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a heavy large baking sheet with parchment paper. Arrange the frozen pastry shells on the baking sheet and bake until they puff and become golden brown, about 20 minutes. Using a small knife, cut out the center of the pastry shells.nMeanwhile, stir the cream, milk, salt, and pepper in a medium bowl. Stir in the spinach, Fontina cheese, Parmesan, and green onions. Spoon the spinach mixture into the baked pastry shells. Bake until the pastries are golden brown and the filling is hot, about 25 to 30 minutes. Transfer the pastries to a platter and serve., ingredients: [12 frozen puff pastry shells, unthawed, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup whole milk, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and squeezed dry, 1 14 cups grated Fontina cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 3 to 5 green onions, finely chopped], title: Cheese and Spinach Puff Pastry Pockets, picturelink: eDBfRuPDwMlHkUQlZ36PYLTaFB9PeqO}, 57859: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the beef into a medium mixing bowl and generously season with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a small skillet over medium heat add the shallot and garlic and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool.nMeanwhile, mix together the egg, panko, Worcestershire and oregano in a medium bowl, and stir until combined. Add the breadcrumb mixture to the beef, along with the cooled shallots and garlic, and mix until the ingredients are well combined. Using a 12cup measure, divide the mixture into 6 equal portions and form them into long ovals, about 12inch thick. If using the mixture to make Mini MeatballStuffed Pitas, recipe below, reserve 1 cup of the seasoned meat and make only 4 burgers.nPreheat the broiler and position a rack 8 to 10 inches below it. Heat a heavy grill pan or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Cook the burgers, turning once, until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side.nMeanwhile, spread a thin layer of Chipotle Aioli on the cut sides of the rolls and put them on a baking sheet, cutsides up. Broil until the aioli browns slightly and the rolls are toasted on the edges.nTo assemble the burgers, place a burger on each roll and top with lettuce, avocado, jalapeno and more aioli, if desired. Serve immediately.nPut the garlic and chipotle in a food processor and puree until very smooth. Add the mayonnaise and lime juice and blend until smooth season with salt and pepper. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Roll the meat mixture into16 mini meatballs, about 1 inch in diameter and place them on the baking sheet. Bake until completely cooked through, about 12 minutes. Cool briefly.nTo assemble, cut the top third off of each pita. Divide the meatballs among the pitas, top with lettuce, cucumbers and tomatoes and drizzle with the sour cream. Yield: 4 pitas, ingredients: [1 13 pounds ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 shallot, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 large egg, beaten, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon dried crumbled Mexican oregano, Chipotle Aioli, recipe follows, Six 6inch soft sub rolls, split, Shredded iceberg lettuce, for topping, 1 avocado, peeled, pitted and sliced, Pickled jalapenos, for topping, 1 clove garlic, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo sauce, drained, 1 cup mayonnaise, Squeeze of fresh lime juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup Marcelas Spicy Oregano Burgers mixture, recipe above, 4 mini 3inch pita pockets, Iceberg lettuce, shredded, 8 very thin cucumbers, sliced into halfmoons, 14 cup diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons sour cream], title: Marcelas Spicy Oregano Burgers, picturelink: jjIwX9vmcy71YUG7BsHbyIHbojSKyq}, 57860: {instructions: Cook the egg noodles according to package instructions. Drain and rinse under cold running water. Transfer the noodles to a large bowl.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, oil, soy sauce, sesame seeds, ginger, salt, scallion, and, if using, red pepper. Remove the noodles from the refrigerator and mix with the sesame mixture until well coated. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [8 ounces Chinese egg noodles, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons toasted Asian sesame oil, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon toasted sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon peeled, grated fresh ginger, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 scallions, thinly slice on the diagonal, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper optional], title: Cold Sesame Noodles, picturelink: null}, 57861: {instructions: In a large pot, bring the cider to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil the cider until it has reduced to a thin syrup you should have about 12 cup, approximately 25 minutes. Cool and store at room temperature., ingredients: [4 cups apple cider], title: Apple Syrup, picturelink: null}, 57862: {instructions: In a small nonreactive saucepan, combine the blueberries, sugar, wine and water. Scrape the seeds from the vanilla bean pieces into the pan add the vanilla bean pieces to the pan. Set over medium heat, partially cover and bring to a brisk simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the mixture has reduced and is slightly syrupy, about 7 minutes. Remove from heat. Transfer the syrup to a heat proof bowl and cool to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 2 hours, or overnight.nRemove the vanilla bean pieces from the syrup. In a food processor, puree the syrup.nIn a large bowl, stir together the plums, peaches, syrup and lemon juice. The dessert can be served immediately or it can be refrigerated for up to 1 hour.nSpoon the fruit mixture into dessert bowls, dividing the syrup evenly and using it all. Sprinkle each portion with some of the mint and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, picked over if fresh, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup dry white or red wine, 12 cup water, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, halved crosswise, 1 pound ripe, juicy plums, cut into eighths, 2 pounds ripe, juicy peaches or nectarines, pitted and cut into eighths, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons finely chopped mint], title: Plums and Peaches in Blueberry Vanilla Syrup, picturelink: null}, 57863: {instructions: Soak noodles in hot water until slightly limp drain and set aside. In a medium bowl, combine fish sauce, soy sauce, tamarind juice, vinegar, sugar, and radish stir until sugar is dissolved and then set aside. Prepare and measure all of the other ingredients before beginning to cook.nHeat oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. When oil is hot, working quickly, add garlic and shrimp and toss with wooden spoons until shrimp are about halfway done. Add cayenne pepper and paprika and toss to combine. Add noodles and radish mixture and toss well. Add bean sprouts and tofu and toss. Add peanuts and garlic chives and toss. When shrimp is just cooked through and all the ingredients are heated through, remove from heat. Garnish with shredded eggs and lime wedges, if desired. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14ounce package medium dried rice noodles, 14 cup fish sauce, 2 tablespoon goodquality soy sauce, 4 tablespoons tamarind juice, 12 cup white vinegar, or rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 1 cup preserved ground radish, 14 cup vegetable oil, for frying, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled, with tails on, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 4 cups bean sprouts, 8 ounces tofu cake, fried, cut into small cubes, 1 cup finely ground raw peanuts, roasted should be raw and then roasted, 1 bunch garlic chives, chopped, 3 eggs, beaten, cooked, rolled up, and shredded, Lime wedges, optional, for garnish], title: Pad Thai, picturelink: null}, 57864: {instructions: To marinate poussin, first slice lemon into rings and place on cookie sheet. In 475 degree oven, or preferably, wood roasting oven, char lemon until very fragrant. Allow lemon to cool and toss with thyme, olive oil and poussin. Marinate at least 2 hours. Prepare eggplant and figs by cutting each in half, drizzle with olive oil, salt and pepper. Grill eggplant and figs and keep warm. Lay poussin skin side down on grill. Place brick atop poussin and grill 3 to 4 minutes. Remove brick, rotate poussin 90 degrees and grill 3 more minutes under brick. Finally flip over poussin and grill 2 minutes without the brick. Assemble on large platter with grilled eggplant and figs. Drizzle dish with fruity olive oil and fresh herbs., ingredients: [4 poussin, backbone removed and wings Frenched, 1 lemon, 4 sprigs thyme, Olive oil, 2 Japanese eggplants, 12 black mission figs, Salt, Pepper], title: Poussin Sotto Mattone or Baby Chicken Cooked Under a Brick, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 57865: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nHeat butter in a 9inch skillet. Cook the onions and peppers until soft and onions are a little brown. Cool to room temperature. Butter a 2 quart baking dish not too deep.nWhen cool transfer these to a mixing bowl and add cornstarch, cream, egg yolks and mustard. Whisk well to blend.nFold the corn and turkey into the egg mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Beat the egg whites until they hold stiff peaks but are not dry and fold them into the egg yolk mixture. Transfer to the buttered baking dish and bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until brown and puffy.nServe with a side dish of sliced ripe tomatoes and vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup finely sliced onions, 1 cup finely sliced red bell peppers, 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in tablespoons chicken broth, 1 cup light cream, 4 eggs, separated, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 cups thawed frozen corn kernels, 1 cup shredded smoked turkey or chicken breast, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Corn and Smoked Turkey Pudding, picturelink: null}, 57866: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the garbanzo beans on a foillined baking sheet. Toss with 1 tablespoon of olive oil and spread the beans in a single layer. Place in the oven and bake until golden, about 30 minutes.nRemove the garbanzo beans from the oven. Add the remaining ingredients to the garbanzo beans and carefully stir to coat all the beans and nuts. Spread the mixture out to a single layer. Bake for 10 more minutes. Let cool slightly and place in serving bowls., ingredients: [1 15ounce can garbanzo cecchi beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 cup shelled pistachios, 1 cup raw almonds, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne], title: Toasted Cecchi, Almonds, and Pistachios, picturelink: fgVZlaBPR82T84PUMQxpIcDj7wIM9gK}, 57867: {instructions: Beat cream in sauce pot but do no boil. In mixing bowl, combine egg yolks and sugar. Gradually pour heated cream into bowl with yolks. Mix well with whip. Pour mixture back into pot. On low heat, stir constantly. When sauce coats spoon, remove from heat. Strain and add vanilla. Chill., ingredients: [1 gallon heavy cream, 3 12 cups sugar, 24 egg yolks, 14 cup vanilla], title: Creme Anglaise, picturelink: null}, 57868: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook shrimp, stirring occasionally, 6 minutes or until shrimp turn pink. Remove shrimp from skillet and set aside.nHeat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in same skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook onion, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes or until tender. Stir in garlic, basil and oregano and cook 1 minute. Stir in Sauce and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in shrimp, then toss with linguine. Sprinkle with cheese and garnish, if desired, with chopped fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 Tbsp. olive oil, divided, 1 lb. uncooked large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 12 tsp. dried basil leaves, crushed, 12 tsp. dried oregano leaves, crushed, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Arrabbiata Sauce, 8 ounces linguine, cooked and drained, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: Shrimp Arrabbiata, picturelink: M5nMTqbOTWFu3.smlQFOtnez7UxRhKG}, 57869: {instructions: Special Equipment: Cheesecloth heavy can or weightnCoarsely chop the strawberries and put them and the other berries in a sauce pan. Add the sugar and salt and cook over high heat until the berries are heated and just giving up there juices. About 5 minutes. Remove from heat and cool.nIn a blender, puree the simple syrup with 2 pints of raspberries until smooth. Set aside.nLine a 2quart pudding mold or deep bowl with cheesecloth. Dip both sides of some of the bread slices in the raspberry puree and arrange around the sides and bottom of the mold. Soak the remaining slices in the berry puree and layer with the cooked berries. Repeat and end with a bread layer on top.nUsing a plate that fits just inside the top of the mold, place it on top of the pudding. Put the mold in a pan and weight the plate. Refrigerate the pudding overnight.nTo serve, unmold the pudding onto a serving platter, remove the cheesecloth and serve with scoop or two of vanilla ice cream. Sprinkle a little salt on top of ice cream for that handchurned affect of homemade ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups strawberries, cleaned, 2 cups raspberries, 1 cup blueberries or blackberries, 1 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 12 cup simple syrup, 2 cups raspberries, Pinch of salt, 10 to 15 slices sourdough bread, crust removed, 1 pint vanilla ice cream, Sea salt], title: Summer Berry Pudding, picturelink: Heb8r6zM72y3fCsmeU4AcZ3dxZjHkO}, 57870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the grilled mushrooms and onions: Prepare a charcoal grill for direct and indirect heat. Brush the portobello mushrooms, shiitake mushrooms and onions with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill over direct heat on both sides until slightly charred and just cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Reserve for the burgers.nFor the burgers: Remove the planks from the water and place them over direct heat for about 2 minutes per side. Remove the planks from the grill and brush the top side with oil.nDivide the meat into 4 equal portions about 6 ounces each. Form each portion loosely into a 34inchthick burger and make a deep depression in the center with your thumb. Brush with canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put the burgers on the grill over direct heat and cook until nicely charred, about 3 minutes. Flip and cook until the second side is charred, about 3 minutes. Place 2 burgers on each cedar plank. Put the planks over indirect heat, brush each burger with 1 tablespoon Red Wine Barbeque Sauce and top each with 2 slices of cheese. Cover the grill to melt the cheese and finish cooking, about 5 minutes.nPut the burgers on the bottom buns and top each with more barbeque sauce, some mushroom caps, some grilled onions and the top bun. Serve immediately.nCombine the ketchup, 1 cup water, ancho chile powder, honey, molasses, sugar, mustard, paprika, vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, chile de arbol, and chipotle chile in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.nMeanwhile, bring the wine to a simmer in a small saucepan over medium heat. Simmer until reduced to 1 cup, about 20 minutes. Stir the reduced wine into the sauce. Season with salt and pepper. Pour into a bowl and allow to cool at room temperature. The sauce will keep for 1 week in the refrigerator stored in a tightly sealed container., ingredients: [4 portobello mushrooms, stems removed, 4 shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 2 Walla Walla onions, peeled and cut into 14inch slices, Canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 untreated cedar planks, each about 5 by 12 inches, soaked in water to cover for at least 2 hours available at hardware stores, 1 12 pounds ground chuck 80percent lean, 1 cup Red Wine Barbeque Sauce, recipe follows, 8 slices goodquality aged white Cheddar, 4 hamburger buns, split and lightly toasted on the grill, 1 14 cups ketchup, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 heaping tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon chile de arbol or cayenne powder, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo, chopped, 2 cups dry red wine, such as pinot noir], title: Cedar Planked Burgers, picturelink: xcrpl8xSjS4BPxwDgpbOGRjdmHNsB1C}, 57871: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a large casserole dish.nIn a large pan over mediumhigh heat, saute onions with 2 tablespoons of butter and cayenne until translucent. Add the spinach and cook for 3 minutes. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together milk and eggs.nAdd the cheese, rice, parsley, thyme, basil and spinach mixture and combine well. Season with salt and pepper.nPour into prepared casserole dish and top with extra shredded cheese. Bake for 30 minutes and serve piping hot., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for dish, 1 small onion, minced, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 package frozen spinach, thawed, drained and chopped, 1 cup milk, 2 eggs, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, plus extra for top, 4 cups cooked rice, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped basil leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Easy Rice Bake Casserole, picturelink: ja3DbBexqmWNQ7jenjtijygZeDtLiBC}, 57872: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the grilled corn: Pull the husks of the corn enough to remove the silks, without removing the husks from the stem. Rewrap the corn in the husks and soak in cold water for 15 minutes.nFor the piquillo pepper butter: Blend the butter, piquillo peppers, garlic, thyme, paprika, salt and pepper in a food processor until smooth. Scrape the butter into a bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours before using. Soften the butter slightly before using.nHeat the grill for direct grilling. Remove the corn from the water, shake and place on the grates of the grill. Cover the grill and cook the corn until tender, about 10 minutes. Remove the corn from the grill, pull the husks back and brush the corn with the piquillo pepper butter. Sprinkle the corn with salt and pepper, Manchego and thyme., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, slightly softened, 4 piquillo peppers, patted dry and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon Spanish paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 12 corn ears, 1 cup grated Manchego cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh thyme, for garnish], title: Grilled Corn with Piquillo Pepper Butter and Grated Manchego, picturelink: l7SCZQ4Gl8EZczpx0rI.VhcgH5VNKwW}, 57873: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nWhisk together cream, milk, syrup, and pumpkin in a heavy saucepan and bring just to a simmer over moderate heat.nWhisk together yolks, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt in a bowl.nAdd hot pumpkin mixture to yolks in a slow stream, whisking constantly. Pour custard through a finemesh sieve into a large measuring cup, then divide among custard cups you may have some custard left over, depending on size of cups. Bake custards in a hot water bath pan covered tightly with foil, in middle of oven until a knife inserted in center of a custard comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Transfer custards to a rack to cool completely. Chill, covered, until cold, at least 2 hours.nCooks note: Pots de creme can be chilled up to 2 days., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup whole milk, 34 cup Grade B maple syrup, 12 cup canned solidpack pumpkin, 7 large egg yolks, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Maple Pumpkin Pots de Creme, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 57874: {instructions: For the matzo balls: Combine the matzo meal, salt, onion powder and white pepper in a large bowl. Combine the eggs and schmaltz in a second large bowl. Very gently mix the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients. Cover and refrigerate for one hour.nBring a large pot of water to boil and season well with salt.nUsing wet hands, form the matzo mixture into 1 12ounce balls. Be gentle: overmixing can result in tough, hard dumplings.nAdd the dumplings to the pot of water and cook until cooked all the way through, about 45 minutes. The dumplings can be held in warm water until ready to serve.nFor the soup: Sweat the onions, carrots and celery in a large soup pot with the schmaltz until soft and translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the chicken stock and bay leaves and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer until the vegetables are very tender, about 20 minutes. Skim any foam or bits of food that have risen to the top. Discard the bay leaves. Add salt and pepper to taste.nJust before serving, add the noodles and chicken and heat through. Place 2 matzo balls in each bowl and add the soup., ingredients: [2 cups matzo meal, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 8 extralarge eggs, 12 cup schmaltz or vegetable oil, 1 cup small diced onions, 12 cup small diced carrots, 12 cup small diced celery, 2 tablespoons schmaltz or vegetable oil, 4 quarts goodquality chicken stock, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and black pepper, 1 cup cooked fine egg noodles, 1 cup shredded cooked chicken breast meat], title: Chicken Soup with Matzo Balls, picturelink: null}, 57875: {instructions: Special equipment: a bench scrapenFor the grilled cheese soldiers: Place the Robiola in the freezer to firm up. Add enough oil to coat the bottom of a medium saucepan, add the garlic and cook over medium heat. Remove the garlic when aromatic and add the mushrooms. Saute until golden brown, remove from the heat and add the marjoram.nPreheat a griddle pan over medium heat.nCut the Robiola into 8 slices. Butter one side of each bread slice. On each of the unbuttered sides of 4 slices place 2 Fontina slices, some of the mushrooms and 2 of the Robiola slices. Place on the griddle buttersides down. Place the other four slices of bread on top, butteredsides up. Flip over when the undersides of the sandwiches are golden and crispy, applying pressure with another pan or grill press. Remove from the griddle when the second sides are golden and the cheese has fully melted. Cut off the edges and slice each sandwich into two 1 12inch rectangles.nFor the butternut squash soup: Add enough oil to coat the bottom of a large pot and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the squash, potatoes, onion, apple, fennel and garlic and season with salt. Stir to coat the mixture with the oil and sweat, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the wine to deglaze the pan and cook until reduced by half.nAdd the vegetable stock and season with salt and red pepper flakes. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until the squash is falling apart, 35 to 40 minutes. Add water if necessary to keep the squash submersed.nPuree the soup with a handheld immersion blender. If using a countertop blender, cool the mixture for about 5 minutes and carefully add it to the blender. Blend until very smooth and velvety. Check the consistency. If it is too thick add water to thin it. Season to taste, adding the sugar if needed.nWhip the cream in a large bowls until it holds its shape in soft peaks. Refrigerate until ready to use.nLadle the soup into serving bowls and top each with a dollop of the whipped cream and some chopped Oyster Mushroom Chips. Garnish with minced chives. Serve with the grilled cheese soldiers.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the mushrooms in a large bowl and toss with olive oil until lightly coated season with salt and red pepper. Using two baking sheets, spread the mushrooms in a single layer you donu00bft want them to overlap.nRoast the mushrooms for 10 to 12 minutes, or until brown and cooked on or stuck to the baking sheet. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Use a bench scrape to get the mushroom chips off the bottom of the baking sheet., ingredients: [8 ounces Robiola cheese, Olive oil, for coating the pan, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 12 shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and julienned, 1 teaspoon fresh marjoram, chopped, 8 slices rye bread, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 8 slices Fontina cheese, Olive oil, for coating the pan, 1 large butternut squash, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 2 Yukon gold potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 large Spanish onion, cut into 12inch dice, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 12 bulb fennel, cut into 12inch dice, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt, 2 cups white wine, such as Chardonnay, 3 cups vegetable stock, Pinch red pepper flakes, Pinch sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, Oyster Mushroom Chips, recipe follows, Minced chives, for garnish, 1 12 pounds oyster mushrooms, stemmed and torn into bitesize pieces, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, or to taste], title: Robiola and Mushroom Grilled Cheese Soldiers with Butternut Squash Soup, picturelink: HJeRBi1sXFYKN7VgGBoEI81gdBfwa}, 57876: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nArrange the crackers in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet so that the baking sheet is completely covered with a solid layer of crackers. Set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter with the brown sugar and vanilla. Bring to a gentle boil over medium heat and boil until it starts to thicken, 1 to 2 minutes. Immediately pour the mixture over the crackers in an even layer. Use an offset spatula to spread the mixture all over the crackers. Bake for 5 minutes. Sprinkle the almonds all over, then let cool completely.nWhen cool, break apart for a great snack., ingredients: [52 individual butter crackers, such as Club, 8 tablespoons 1 stick salted butter, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sliced almonds], title: Sweet Almond Crackers, picturelink: pbP4ga3HZ3W4tbBOgK.bKdphsB0si}, 57877: {instructions: Blend the milk, sweetened condensed milk and ice in a blender until very smooth. Add the avocado flesh and blend again until smooth. The mixture will be quite thick add cold water a few tablespoons at a time, blending after each addition, until the mixture is pourable. Taste and add more sweetened condensed milk if you want it sweeter. Serve in chilled glasses with straws., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, plus more to taste, 2 cups crushed ice, 2 ripe Hass avocados, pitted], title: UltraCreamy Avocado Smoothie, picturelink: cdB8N03wM1Zjb36AfUdiSWhdCLNCqky}, 57878: {instructions: Put the rice into a medium pot and pour in 6 cups cold water. Put the pot over mediumhigh heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook until the water is absorbed, 20 to 30 minutes. Reserve 2 cups cooked rice for Rice Pudding with Coconut Milk recipe.nRemove the chicken breasts from the bone and slice into thin strips. Reserve the bones and the legs, thighs, and wings for Round 2 Recipe Coconut Chicken Soup. In a large wok or skillet over high heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the chicken and stirfry until it is almost completely cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onions and peppers and cook until slightly softened but still crisp, about 3 minutes. Add the chile and garlic and cook 1 minute.nTo a bowl, add 2 tablespoons water, sugar, soy sauce, and fish sauce. Stir and pour over the chicken and onions and cook for another minute. Add the basil and remove from the heat once it has wilted. Add the lime juice into the chicken mixture and stir. Serve hot over rice., ingredients: [3 cups white rice, 1 4pound whole chicken, cut into parts, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 medium onion, sliced, 1 green bell pepper, sliced, 1 small serrano chile pepper, sliced in half, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 2 teaspoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons fish sauce, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 lime, zested and juiced, zest reserved for Rice Pudding with Coconut Milk recipe], title: Basil Chicken, picturelink: gMd2jczGRsf.mWxgHl4XfXZMrRrrIby}, 57879: {instructions: For Grilled PineappleJalapeno Sauce:nHeat grill to high.nBrush pineapple with a few tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until golden brown on all sides. Remove pineapple from the grill, coarsely chop and transfer to the bowl of a food processor. Add the jalapeno, vinegar, coconut milk, cilantro, and few tablespoons of oil and honey, to taste. Season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes before serving.nFor RumMolasses Glaze:nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the onions and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the rum and cook until reduced by half. Add the stock, molasses, sugar, habanero, cinnamon sticks, and star anise. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and cook until reduced by half, stirring occasionally, about 30 minutes.nStrain the mixture into a bowl then return it to the saucepan and continue cooking until reduced by half and thickened to a glaze. Season with salt and pepper. Pour the mixture into a bowl and let cool to room temperature.nFor Tenderloin:nHeat grill to high.nBrush the tenderloin with 2 tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until crusty and charred on both sides and the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, brushing with the glaze during the last few minutes of grilling. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and brush with more of the glaze. Let rest 5 minutes before cutting into 12inch thick slices. Spoon some of the sauce onto each plate, top with a few slices of pork, and drizzle with a little more of the sauce. Garnish with green onions and cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 small pineapple, peeled, cored and quartered, Canola oil, Salt and pepper, 1 to 2 jalapeno peppers depending on how spicy you like it, seeded and chopped, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Honey, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup dark rum, 4 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons dark brown muscovado sugar, 1 habanero chile, halved, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 star anise, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 1 12 pound pork tenderloin, trimmed of excess fat, Green onion, thinly sliced, for garnish, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Pork Tenderloin with RumMolasses Glaze and Grilled PineappleJalapeno Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57880: {instructions: To make dough: In a large bowl combine flour, salt, lard, and butter. Mix lightly with your fingers until the dough forms peasized pieces. Stir in iced water and lightly knead until dough forms a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 12 hours or overnight.nTo make filling: Heat olive oil in a frying pan and add diced onion, salt and pepper. Cook over moderate heat until onions are soft and begin to turn lightly golden. Add chard stems and cook a minute or two then add the chard leaves and cook until tender, about 34 minutes. Remove from heat and cool. Mix cooled cooked chard with grated cheeses and taste, adjust seasoning.:nTo assemble empanadas: On a lightly floured board, roll the dough out to 18 inch thickness and cut 6 circles about 5 inches each or 12 smaller circles. Place filling onto half of circle of dough leaving a border and wet the edges of the dough with the egg wash, then fold the dough over to enclose the filling. Seal the edges by pressing the top to the bottom with the tines of a fork. Chill at least 30 minutes before baking.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Place empanadas on a baking sheet and brush tops with egg wash and sprinkle with freshly cracked pepper. With a sharp knife, cut small slits in the top of each empanada to allow steam to escape. Bake 30 minutes or until dough is golden. Transfer to a cooling rack to cool slightly. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 bunches Swiss Chard, washed, ends trimmed, leaves cut in small pieces, stems cut in 12inch dice, 1 large white onion, peeled and diced, 34 cup grated Cotija cheese or aged Romano or Parmesan, 14 cup grated melting cheese Asadero, Manchego, Panela, Jack, 1 egg beaten, for egg wash, 12 teaspoon salt or to taste depending on the saltiness of the cheeses, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Squeeze of lime, 2 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup chilled lard or substitute 2 tablespoons olive oil unsalted butter, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter chilled, About 13 cup iced water], title: Swiss Chard Empanadas, picturelink: null}, 57881: {instructions: Heat 4 tablespoons EVOO in small pan over mediumlow heat with anchovies, if using. Melt anchovies into oil until they dissolve then add garlic and stir 2 minutes then add breadcrumbs and stir and cook until deeply golden in color. Stir in zest of 2 lemons and parsley and crushed red pepper flakes. Turn off heat and transfer to a bowl.nHeat a large pot of water to a boil for pasta.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat with 2 tablespoons EVOO, couple of turns of the pan. Add celery, onions and 2 cloves garlic to the pan and cook until just tender, 5 minutes. Add white beans and rosemary and heat through 2 to 3 minutes more. Add wine, vermouth or broth, flakes tuna and tomato, if using. Stir 2 minutes then turn off heat.nJust before draining the pasta, add a ladle of starchy cooking water to pan along with the drained pasta, toss to combine. Serve in shallow bowls with lots of breadcrumbs and a drizzle of oil on top., ingredients: [6 tablespoons EVOO, 6 flat filet anchovies, optional, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup breadcrumbs, toast and grind stale bread or store bought have frozen ends in fridge to give tip  save ends until you have a bunch, toast and grind, 2 lemons, 12 cup flat leaf parsley, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional, 1 pound penne or ziti rigate, 4 ribs celery, finely chopped, 1 red onion, finely chopped, 1 15ounce can white beans, rinsed and drained, 2 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 12 cup white wine, white vermouth or chicken broth, 2 cans 6 ounces each Italian tuna in oil or water, drained, 1 large tomato, seeded and chopped or 1 can 15 ounces can diced tomatoes, drained, optional], title: Tuna and White Bean Pasta with Gremolata Bread Crumbs, picturelink: null}, 57882: {instructions: For the infused rum: Place the chile flakes in the bottle of rum, seal and allow to steep for 24 hours, inverting the bottle every so often to agitate the chiles. Strain out the chile flakes and store the rum in an airtight bottle.nFor the mojito: In a cocktail shaker or mixing glass, lightly bruise the mint leaves with a muddler. Add the lime juice and sugar, and stir to dissolve. Add 1 cup of the infused rum and a few ice cubes stir to combine about 30 stirs. Top off with club soda and stir 3 times. Divide the cocktail among 4 glasses. Garnish with a mint sprig and serve with a straw., ingredients: [1 teaspoon dried Calabrian chile flakes or regular red pepper flakes, One 750milliliter bottle white rum, 40 fresh mint leaves, plus sprigs for garnish about 1 small bunch, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup Calabrian chileinfused rum, 2 cups club soda], title: Calabrian Mojito, picturelink: MxIs4i5Wo0rwfOj5iu6yefxLXyqMXC}, 57883: {instructions: Slice the tomatoes into 14 inch thickness. Drain cheese of any excess water and slice into 14inch slices. Set aside. Chiffonade basil. Arrange the tomato and cheese slices so they over lap each other. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. Top with the basil. Serve with crostini, Roasted Beet Napoleon and Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad.nIn a food processor, combine all the ingredients, except the olive oil and crostini. Using the pulse button, process until coarsely chopped and well blended. Continue to process, slowly adding the olive oil. Refrigerate in a covered container. Spread on homemade crostini, recipe follows.nArrange the bread slices in a baking tray. Brush with olive oil and bake in a preheated 350 degree F. oven for 6 to 8 minutes. Allow to cool, then rub with garlic clove. For each of the crostini, spread 1 tablespoon Herbed Goat Cheese recipe follows and top with 1 teaspoon Black and Green Olive Tapenade.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a pot of boiling water, blanch tomatoes. Drain and refresh in ice water. Drain. Peel, core, cut into quarters, and remove seeds.nLine a baking tray with parchment paper and arrange the tomato quarters on the tray, cut side down. Drizzle generously with olive oil. Sprinkle with thyme and garlic. In a small bowl, combine salt, pepper and sugar, and sprinkle evenly over the tomatoes.nBake until the tomatoes begin to shrivel, about 1 hour. When the tomatoes are cool enough to handle, transfer to a container. Pour olive oil over and cover the container. Refrigerate and use as needed., ingredients: [2 medium to small vineripened tomatoes, 1 small ball bufula mozzarella approximately 4 ounces, Salt, Black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons chiffonade basil, Black and Green Olive Tapenade with Crostini, recipe follows, Roasted Beet napoleon, see recipe file, Chino Chopped Vegetable Salad, see recipe file, Crostini, recipe follows, 1 cup Nicoise olives, pitted, 1 cup small green French olives Picholine, pitted, 14 cup ovendried tomatoes, drained, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 garlic clove, 1 anchovy fillet, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 slices bread, preferably sourdough, Extra virgin olive oil, 12 garlic clove, 12 medium Roma tomatoes 2 pounds, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus additional as needed, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 6 garlic cloves, crushed, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar], title: Mozzarella Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 57884: {instructions: In a small jar, mix the oil, vinegar, mustard, brown sugar, red pepper flakes and salt and pepper to taste. Place the lid on the jar and shake well to mix.nCut up the lettuce and pour a little salad dressing over the top. Toss to combine., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon brown sugar, Pinch of red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces green leaf lettuce], title: BMan Salad, picturelink: null}, 57885: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: A 60ounce pitchernGarnish: 2 limes, cut into wedgesnIn a blender, combine the pineapple, rum, agave nectar, and lime juice. Blend until the pineapple is almost pureed. Pour the pineapple mixture into a large pitcher. Add the ice and stir. Slowly pour in the ginger ale.nPour the cocktail into glasses and garnish with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 ripe pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1inch cubes to yield about 3 cups, 1 14 cups light rum, 12 cup agave nectar, 14 cup fresh lime juice from 2 to 3 large limes, 2 cups ice, 1 1 liter bottle ginger ale], title: Aloha L.A. Cocktail, picturelink: s69TgN5rt272mXHa6rf9IZdbi4FgyYW}, 57886: {instructions: Place the following into a deep saucepan and cover with water chickpeas, chopped onion, spices, meat. Bring to the boil and simmer until the chickpeas are tender.nChop the cilantro and flat leaf parsley, and lovage, if using, and grind in pestle and mortar to release the flavors.nThen, add the herbs, pulped tomatoes, and rice. After about 5 minutes add the water flour mixture, this helps the soup thicken and lighten in color. Finally add the fava beans, and lentils, if adding. Simmer for about 20 to 30 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt.nDrizzle with olive oil and serve with bread and sweet dates., ingredients: [1 quart water, 1 cup chickpeas, 2 onions, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon ground tumeric, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 pound beef, preferably diced fillet, 14 bunch cilantro, 12 bunch flat leaf parsley, 14 bunch chopped lovage, optional, 10 vine tomatoes, peeled and seeded, grated or chopped finely, 12 cup rice or crushed vermicelli, 1 cup water flour mixture 1 tablespoon flour dissolved in 1 cup water, 1 cup fava beans, soaked and drained, 1 cup lentils optional, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Harira Ramadam: Soup of Fava Beans and Lentils, picturelink: null}, 57887: {instructions: Put the oranges, limes, sugar, and mint in a large rocks glass. Muddle the leaves and citrus by pressing them with a pestle or a wooden spoon until juicy and fragrant. Add the rum and ice. Cover with a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Serve., ingredients: [12 orange, cut into 3 wedges, 12 lime, cut into 3 wedges, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 or 2 sprigs fresh mint, 2 12 ounces white rum, 1 cup crushed ice], title: Orange Mojito, picturelink: lbXfjdYKKM6nVCUh7pQ6x0KkZaqyZiC}, 57888: {instructions: Preheat grill or broiler. Place cactus paddles in a bowl and toss with 14 cup of the olive oil and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Grill or broil the paddles until grill marks appear on each side, or they turn dark green with black patches, about 3 to 5 minutes. Set aside to cool to room temperature. Cover and chill 2 to 4 hours or overnight. Cut cactus into 12inch pieces. In a large bowl, combine the cactus, tomatoes, onions, chiles, cilantro and cheese with the remaining 12 cup oil, the vinegar, the remaining 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Toss well. Serve on plates lined with lettuce leaves, and garnish with avocado slices sprinkled with cracked pepper garnish.nIn a small bowl, stir all the ingredients together. Spoon over vegetables or drizzle lightly over dressed salads as a garnish., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh or prepared cactus paddles or nopales, needles removed, 34 cup olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 4 Italian Roma tomatoes, cored, seeded and cut into 14inch dice, 12 small red onion, cut into 14inch dice, 1 to 2 medium serrano chiles, stemmed, seeded and finely diced, 2 bunches cilantro, leaves only, chopped, 12 cup finely grated Cotija or Anejo cheese, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 6 lettuce leaves, 1 avocado, peeled, seeded and sliced for garnish, 14 cup cracked black pepper garnish, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Cactus Salad, picturelink: null}, 57889: {instructions: Special equipment: Panini pressnFor the Salsa Verde: Combine all ingredients in a bowl, tossing until thoroughly mixed.nFor Assembly: Lightly toast the flatbread in oven. Smear 4 of the flatbread pieces with 13 cup Salsa Verde. Layer with sliced porchetta, fontina, arugula and onions. Cover with remaining flatbreqd. Press in Panini press until melted. Serve., ingredients: [3 cups loosely packed fresh Italian parsley leaves from about 1 very large bunch, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 green onions, sliced, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 2 drained anchovy fillets, chopped, optional, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 8 pieces flatbread, 13 cup Salsa Verde, 23 pound sliced porchetta, 8 slices fontina, 1 cup arugula, 12 cup caramelized onions], title: Porchetta Panini, picturelink: null}, 57890: {instructions: In a medium pot, combine water, quinoa, cumin, cayenne, garlic and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and continue cooking, covered, for 15 minutes.nFor the Pico de Gallo: In a medium bowl, combine all ingredients. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine quinoa, black beans, corn and pico de gallo. Divide into serving bowls and top with cheese, lettuce, avocado and sour cream., ingredients: [Quinoa:, 5 34 cups water, 16 ounces SimplyNature Organic Quinoa, 3 teaspoons Stonemill Ground Cumin, 14 teaspoon SimplyNature Ground Cayenne Pepper, 1 tablespoon SimplyNature Garlic Granules, Ground Stonemill Sea Salt Grinder, to taste, Pico de Gallo:, 2 cups diced tomatoes, 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons diced red onion, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeu00f1o, 1 tablespoon lime juice, Burrito Bowl:, 2 15.5ounce cans SimplyNature Organic Black Beans, drained and rinsed, 16 ounces Seasons Choice Frozen Sweet Corn, thawed, 6 tablespoons Fit  Active 2 Milk Mexican Shredded Cheese, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, 1 avocado, diced, 4 tablespoons Friendly Farms Light Sour Cream], title: Quinoa Burrito Bowl, picturelink: jZmZE58kPcZ8uuJV4OnMOdfBsUNqlSO}, 57891: {instructions: In a large bowl flake tuna with a fork. Stir in capers, black olives, onion and tomatoes. Pour in oil and vinegar and toss to coat. Season and serve with watercress on whole grain bread. Alternative: Arrange mixed greens on plate and top with a quartered boiled new potato, quartered boiled egg and steamed green beans. In center place a scoop of the tuna salad., ingredients: [1 can drained white chunk tuna, 1 tablespoon capers, 12 cured black olives, pitted and sliced, 12 red onion, finely chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper, 1 bunch of watercress, rinsed and dried, 6 slices whole grain bread], title: Tuna Provencal, picturelink: null}, 57892: {instructions: 1. In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.n2. Add 6 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Cool slightly. Cut warm cereal mixture into two different sized circles using two sizes of circle cookie cutters for the turkey bodies depending on size of cutters. Cool.n3. Spread peanut butter on bottom of the smaller circular pieces attach this to a larger circular piece to form the turkey body. Insert pretzel twists into body for tail feathers. Insert pretzel sticks for legs. Use frosting to attach candies for eyes and beak. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 10 oz. package about 40 regular marshmallows, 6 cups Kelloggsu00ae Rice Krispiesu00ae cereal, 2 cups MMsu00ae chocolate candies], title: Tree Treatsandtrade trimmed with MandMsandreg, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 57893: {instructions: Special equipment: a 6inch castiron skilletnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nAdd 1 tablespoon of the coconut oil to a 6inch castiron skillet. Put the skillet in the oven and allow to heat until very hot, 6 to 8 minutes.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl with a whisk. In a different bowl, combine the almond milk, applesauce, sorghum, egg and 2 tablespoons coconut oil. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the wet. Fold to combine.nCarefully remove the skillet from the oven and pour in the batter. Return the skillet to the oven and bake until golden with a crisp crust, 25 minutes. Let cool before cutting the cornbread into 1inch pieces about 8 cups.nReduce the oven to 350 degrees F.nGrease a baking sheet with some coconut oil and spread the cornbread in a single layer. Be careful, the cornbread is fragile and you donu00bft want to be rough with it. Drizzle lightly with the remaining 2 tablespoons coconut oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring halfway through, until golden brown and crunchy, 30 to 40 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet before using., ingredients: [5 tablespoons coconut oil plus more for greasing the baking sheet, melted, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 cup almond milk or regular milk, at room temperature, 14 cup applesauce, at room temperature, 14 cup sorghum see Cooks Note, 1 large egg, at room temperature], title: Cornbread Croutons, picturelink: null}, 57894: {instructions: Rinse the chile pods 5 times, then let soak in water in a bucket or large bowl for 5 hours or so.nAfter the chiles have soaked for 5 hours, discard the water. Put the chile pods in a blender. Tamp the pods down into the blender, then add water to the top. Blend well into a paste.nPut the paste in a large saucepan over medium heat.nMake a roux. Put the oil in a saucepan, over medium heat, heat up slightly, add the flour and stir constantly. The flour should get toasted and brown, but do not burn it, about 5 minutes.nDrizzle the roux into the red chili and mix to combine. This will make it thicker and change the color slightly, but it should not get white in color. The chili and liquid should just look darker and less bright than the red chili without any roux. Add enough roux and water to get the chili to the right consistency, which should be like gravy. You may not use all the roux.nAdd the garlic and salt. Leave the chili in the pot to simmer for 20 minutes, stirring regularly. Do NOT bring it to a boil, as that may burn the flour in the roux. Add more salt and garlic if needed and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces dried whole New Mexico red chile pods, stemmed and deseeded, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, or 3 cloves fresh garlic, crushed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more if desired], title: Tomasitas Red Chile, picturelink: cSKDfpDYg0Wzpilir3XY.Ff3zjk6}, 57895: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the extravirgin olive oil in small skillet over mediumhigh heat. Dice the Spanish chorizo and add to the pan to render the fat. If using fresh Mexican chorizo, remove the casing and crumble while its browning. Add the mushrooms to the skillet and cook with the sausage until just tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Transfer the sausage mixture to a small casserole or baking dish and top with the cheese. Bake until bubbly. Remove from the oven and top with the scallions. Serve with chips for dipping., ingredients: [12 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, a drizzle, 12 pound Spanish or Mexican chorizo, 12 pound mushroom caps, quartered, 1 cup diced Mexican melting cheese or Monterey Jack or Pepper Jack cheese, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 bag corn tortillas or blue corn tortillas, any variety], title: Chorizo Mushroom Queso Dip, picturelink: null}, 57896: {instructions: Wash and peel the fresh yucca or thaw the frozen. Place in a small saucepan, and add water to cover and 12 teaspoon of the salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook, covered, until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain in a colander and set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees . When the yucca is cool enough to handle, pull each root apart and remove the large fibrous veins near the center, keeping the flesh in large chunks.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumlow heat. Cook the garlic until tender but not brown. Add the vinegar, the remaining 12 teaspoon salt and the pepper. Bring to a boil and add the yucca. Stir and mash with a wooden spoon until a lumpy mixture is formed. Transfer to a baking dish. Cover and bake 10 minutes. Garnish with the chopped parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 14 pounds fresh or frozen yucca, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 to 8 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup white vinegar, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch Italian parsley, leaves chopped], title: Mashed Yucca, picturelink: null}, 57897: {instructions: Make the stuffing: In a small saucepan cook the garlic in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until it is softened. Add the broth, and bring it to a boil. Stir in the couscous, remove the pan from the heat, and let the mixture stand, covered, for 5 minutes. Transfer the couscous to a bowl, stir in the basil, the pine nuts, and salt and pepper to taste, and let the stuffing cool.nSeason the cavities of the hens with salt and pepper and fill them with the stuffing. Cover each opening with a piece of foil, truss the hens with kitchen string, and rub each hen with 1 tablespoon of the butter. In a flameproof roasting pan heat the remaining 2 tablespooons butter over moderately high heat until the foam subsides and in it saute the hens breast side up for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the underside is golden brown. Roast the hens in a preheated 450 degree F oven, basting them with the pan juices every 10 minutes, for 30 minutes, or until the juices run clear when the fleshy part of a thigh is pricked with a skewer. Transfer the hens to a cutting board, let them stand for 10 minutes, and discard the string and foil. Halve the hens with a sharp knife and arrange them on a heated platter., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 13 cup canned chicken broth, 13 cup couscous, 13 cup shredded fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted lightly, 2 1 12pound Cornish hens, rinsed and patted dry, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, softened], title: Blasted Cornish Hens with Basil Couscous Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 57898: {instructions: Preheat a pizza stone in a 500 degree F oven. Dust the top of a pizza peel with semolina flour, and lay the pizza dough on top.nFor the sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Cook the onions until soft, about 4 minutes. Stir in the garlic, serrano and red pepper flakes, 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and cook until thickened, 20 to 30 minutes. Mash the tomatoes, using a masher. Season with salt, black pepper and honey, if using. Stir in the chopped parsley and remove from the heat.nFor assembling: Ladle a thin layer of sauce onto the pizza dough, and sprinkle the sliced and grated mozzarella on top. Arrange some of the broccoli rabe over the cheese. Season with salt and black pepper and bake until the crust is golden brown and the cheese is completely melted, about 8 minutes. Arrange the anchovies on the pizza, top with the egg and grated ParmigianoReggiano, and garnish with chopped parsley and thyme.nPour the warm water into a small bowl if the water is too hot the yeast will die and if the water is too cold the yeast will not activate. Stir in the sugar and dry yeast to combine and let sit 15 minutes. The top of the water will bubble and smell very yeasty, this is what you want.nCombine the flour and salt in a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the center and pour in the olive oil and yeast water. Gradually stir the flour into the liquid, using a fork. Once most of the flour has been incorporated, turn the dough out onto a smooth, clean work surface dusted with bench flour. Use your hands to knead the dough to a smooth consistency.nPlace the dough in a lightly oiled mixing bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and set in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, at least 1 hour 30 minutes. Portion the dough and stretch to the desired size., ingredients: [Semolina flour, for dusting, Pizza Dough, stretched into a 12inch circle, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 small Spanish onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, Red pepper flakes, to taste, One 28ounce can plum tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Clover honey, if needed, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 pound fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, 8 ounces whole milk lowmoisture mozzarella cheese, grated, 1 bunch broccoli rabe, chopped, blanched and dried, 6 white anchovies, 1 fried egg, for serving, ParmigianoReggiano, grated, for garnish, Fresh parsley, chopped, for garnish, Fresh thyme, picked, for garnish, 12 cup warm water 100 degrees F to 110 degrees F, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 packet dry yeast, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for work surface, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for coating bowl], title: Spicy White Anchovy with Egg Pizza, picturelink: 5R9V3Nn1o1xSUo9GojNZDMqAJdxo6a}, 57899: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Unroll dough on work surface press into 12x8inch rectangle. Cut into 8 rectangles. In small bowl, mix graham cracker crumbs and sugar. Spoon 1 teaspoon chocolate chips on center of dough square. Dip marshmallow into melted butter roll in graham cracker mixture. Place marshmallow on chocolate chips. Pull dough over marshmallow, completely covering marshmallow pinch edges of dough to seal. Dip into melted butter roll in graham cracker mixture. Place in regularsize paper baking cup. Repeat with remaining dough squares, chocolate chips and marshmallows. Place paper baking cups on large cookie sheet. Bake 12 to 18 minutes or until deep golden brown. Cool 1 minute. Remove from cups place on cooling racks set over waxed paper. In small microwavable bowl, microwave glaze ingredients uncovered on High 20 to 30 seconds, stirring once, until mixture can be stirred smooth. Drizzle over warm rolls. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray insides of 8 regularsize paper baking cups with cooking spray. In step 2, place crescent puffs in cups seam side up. In step 3, cool 2 minutes., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 14 cup graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons miniature semisweet chocolate chips, 8 large marshmallows, 14 cup butter or margarine, melted, 13 cup miniature semisweet chocolate chips, 1 teaspoon shortening], title: Magic Smore Crescent Puffs, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}}