{57900: {instructions: Place ice cream on the counter top to get soft. Boo always liked hers mushy.nPlace peanut butter, milk or halfandhalf and the honey in a small skillet and warm over low heat. Stir until smooth and season the sauce with a little cinnamon. Scoop ice cream into dishes and top with peanut butter sauce and jam the ginger snaps all around the bowl, getting the edges into the ice cream and sauce., ingredients: [2 pints good quality vanilla ice cream, 1 cup chunky peanut butter recommended: Boo preferred Skippy, 1413 cup milk or halfandhalf, eyeball it, 14 cup honey, eyeball it, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 ginger snaps recommended: Midel brand, Boo liked because they were extra crunchy], title: Vanilla Ice Cream with Chunky Peanut Butter Sauce and Ginger Snaps, picturelink: null}, 57901: {instructions: Roughly chop the tomatoes. Place in a saucepan with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook slowly on stove top until tomatoes are melted. Add chopped basil and serve., ingredients: [6 Roma tomatoes, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup chopped basil], title: Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 57902: {instructions: In a blender, combine all ingredients and blend until smooth. Pour into a sealable container and chill for at least 3 hours and up to overnight. Shake well and pour into serving dishes., ingredients: [1 cantaloupe, seeds and rind removed, cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons fresh mint, minced, 1 lime, juiced, Salt to taste], title: Chilled Cantaloupe and Mint Soup, picturelink: null}, 57903: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the tortillas onto a baking sheet and top each with tomatoes and olives. Sprinkle some cheese on top of each pizza and bake for 10 minutes.nGarnish each pizza with torn basil leaves and season with pepper. Allow pizza to cool for a few minutes then slice each tortilla into 4 wedges., ingredients: [4 wholewheat tortillas 6 inches in diameter, 2 medium tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 14 cup coarsely chopped pitted calamata olives, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh basil leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Italian Tortilla Pizza, picturelink: v3JFjCd4C67pbSKlKFMdKCf4DIlhvO}, 57904: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the butter until fluffy. Add 12 cup of the sugar and cream together until light and fluffy. Add the flour, cornstarch, and pepper, and mix just until combined. On a wellfloured surface, roll out the dough to about 34inch thickness. Transfer it to a parchment paperlined baking sheet preferably one with sides and continue rolling out the dough, pushing out towards the edges of the pan, to 14inch thickness. Prick the dough all over with a fork, then sprinkle with 1 tablespoon sugar.nBake for 25 to 30 minutes, rotating the pan after 10 minutes. Shake the pan as you rotate it, to settle the dough. When the surface is golden, remove from the oven and sprinkle immediately with the remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar. Cut immediately into bars with a sharp knife or pizza cutter and let cool in the pan. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [8 ounces 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 2 teaspoons ground white pepper], title: White Pepper Shortbread, picturelink: null}, 57905: {instructions: Cut 4 sweet potatoes into wedges toss with olive oil, salt and pepper on a baking sheet. Bake at 425 degrees F, flipping once, until browned, 20 to 25 minutes. Mix 3 tablespoons softened butter with 1 tablespoon harissa or other chile paste, 1 grated garlic clove, the zest of 1 lime and a pinch of salt. Toss with the potatoes and some chopped chives. Season with salt. Serve with lime wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: ChileSpiced Sweet Potato Wedges, picturelink: PN3GUhANv1xPr63PzlW3tY50CWlwt5W}, 57906: {instructions: Combine all the cut up fruit. Add the banana at the last minute., ingredients: [1 ripe mango, peeled and cut in pieces, 1 small, ripe papaya, peeled and cut in pieces, 1 navel orange, peel removed and cut in sections, 1 12 cups seedless grapes, 1 banana, sliced], title: Ethiopian Fruit Salad, picturelink: null}, 57907: {instructions: Make the cake. Make a mold that is the shape of half of a 3 to 4inch wide spice jar. Rip aluminum foil into strips that are about 4 x 12 inches. Fold each piece in half so you have a double layer. Shape the foil around the spice jar and tuck it in the sides so that you have a halfcylinder mold that is as smooth as possible on the inside. Set it into a 9 x 13inch baking dish and repeat until you have 12 little boatshaped molds. Spray the inside of the molds with cooking spray. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the flour, baking powder, and salt in a mixing bowl and stir until thoroughly combined. Put the egg whites in a stand mixer bowl and beat with the wire whip attachment until the whites hold soft peaks. Gently transfer the beaten whites to another bowl and set aside. Rinse the mixer bowl and dry it thoroughly.nPut the butter in the mixer bowl and beat with the paddle until the butter starts to get light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Add the sugar and beat again until fluffy, about 2 more minutes. Add the egg yolks and vanilla, and beat to combine.nAdd a third of the flour mixture to the mixer bowl, beat for a moment, then add half the milk and beat for a moment. Add one more third of the flour, beat, then the rest of the milk, then the rest of the flour. Make sure that the flour and milk are entirely incorporated. Then stir a third of the beaten egg whites into the batter. When that is fully incorporated, gently fold in the rest of the beaten egg whites.nUse a pastry bag to pipe the batter into the prepared molds, filling each one just under halfway. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the cakes start to turn golden and a cake tester or toothpick, when inserted, comes out clean. Allow the cakes to cool entirely.nUnwrap the foil from each cake, and use a knife to make a 2 to 3inch cut in the bottom of each twinkie. The cut should go about halfway into each cake. Wash the pastry bag and the mixer bowl.nMake the filling. Combine the shortening, butter, salt, powdered sugar, and vanilla in the stand mixer bowl. Beat with the paddle attachment until fluffy, about 3 minutes.nScoop the filling into a pastry bag and stick the tip into the cut at the bottom of each cake. Keep squeezing the pastry bag until the filling begins to leak out around the tip of the pastry bag. Then its ready., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 cups 6 ounces sifted cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 large eggs, separated, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, homemade or storebought, 12 cup whole milk, 4 tablespoons 2 ounces nonhydrogenated vegetable shortening, at room temperature, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, homemade or storebought], title: The Snack Cake, picturelink: null}, 57908: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees.nPeel the butternut squash, remove the seeds, and cut it into 34inch cubes. You should have about 6 cups. Place the squash on a sheet pan and toss it with the olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Roast for 25 to 30 minutes, tossing once, until very tender. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the chicken stock in a small covered saucepan. Leave it on low heat to simmer.nIn a heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven, melt the butter and saute the pancetta and shallots on mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, until the shallots are translucent but not browned. Add the rice and stir to coat the grains with butter. Add the wine and cook for 2 minutes. Add 2 full ladles of stock to the rice plus the saffron, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Stir, and simmer until the stock is absorbed, 5 to 10 minutes. Continue to add the stock, 2 ladles at a time, stirring every few minutes. Each time, cook until the mixture seems a little dry, then add more stock. Continue until the rice is cooked through, but still al dente, about 30 minutes total. Off the heat, add the roasted squash cubes and Parmesan cheese. Mix well and serve., ingredients: [1 butternut squash 2 pounds, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 6 tablespoons 34 stick unsalted butter, 2 ounces pancetta, diced, 12 cup minced shallots 2 large, 1 12 cups Arborio rice 10 ounces, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Saffron Risotto with Butternut Squash, picturelink: GwlQ77hB9S8OvpbHDxALwrnYPBQMoS}, 57909: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nOnion sauce: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until they are soft. Stir in the honey, cinnamon and chili powder and cook for 1 minute. Add the ketchup, water, hot sauce, salt and black pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sauce thickens, about 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and let it cool to room temperature before serving. Chefs Note: The sauce can be refrigerated, covered, for up to 2 days.nAssembly: Put the boiled hot dogs onto the buns. Spread the bottom half of each bun with some mustard and top each hot dog with the onion sauce or sauerkraut or both., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, cut into 14inch slices, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 14 cup ketchup, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 8 kosher hot dogs, boiled recommended: Bests, 8 hot dog buns, Spicy brown mustard, as needed recommended: Guldens, Onion Sauce, Cooked sauerkraut, as needed], title: New York Street Cart Dog, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 57910: {instructions: For the genoise cake: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn an electric mixing bowl with the whip attachment on low speed, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Use a rubber spatula to scrape the mixture down from the sides of the bowl. Add the eggs and half of the milk. Once milk and eggs are incorporated, scrape down the bowl, also be sure to scrape the bottom of the bowl. Mix until lump free.nAdd the shortening and whip on high speed for 1 12 minutes. Add the remaining milk and vanilla extract. Mix on low speed until well incorporated, and the batter is smooth.nGrease an 18 by 13inch baking tray with shortening. Place a piece of parchment paper on top of the sheet pan. Then grease the parchment paper with shortening as well.nPour the cake batter onto the sheet pan and spread until even. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until lightly golden in color, do not let brown. The cake is done when a toothpick poked in the middle comes out clean. Once cool, using a biscuit or cookie cutter, cut the cake into 3inch round circles.nFor the chocolate chevre mousse: In a double boiler, melt the chocolate. Once all the chocolate is melted, remove from heat. Place the chevre in a medium mixing bowl, then add the melted chocolate. Whisk together the chocolate and chevre until smooth.nFor the raspberry sauce: In a medium saucepan on medium heat, combine the raspberries, water, sugar, cream of tartar, and lemon juice. Stir the sauce to prevent it from sticking to the bottom of the pan. Cook the sauce until it comes to a slight boil. The remove the saucepan from the heat and add the contents to a blender. Blend the sauce until smooth. Pass the sauce through a strainer or cheesecloth to remove any seeds.nTo plate the dessert: Place a cake round in the center of the plate. Then spread a layer of the chocolate chevre mousse on the cake. Place an even layer of whole raspberries on top of the mousse. Repeat the layers with the cake, mousse, and raspberries. Drizzle the sauce over the cake tiers and around the plate. Serve., ingredients: [34 pound sifted cake flour, 34 pound sugar, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 large eggs, 1 12 cups whole milk, 7 ounces highratio cake shortening, 5 ounces milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Shortening for greasing pan, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 4 ounces chevre cheese, 1 pint raspberries, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 ounces water, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 pint raspberries], title: Genoise Cake with Chocolate Chevre Mousse and Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57911: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 by 12inch shallow baking sheet Parchment paper 2 additional baking sheets or trays 2 12quart heavybottomed saucepan Candy thermometer Pastry brush Long metal offset spreading spatula Pastry scraper nonstick coating Mallet: Helpful to cut through stubborn spots on candy To hit top of scraper when cutting through toffee.nTo set up: Butter a baking sheet about 10 by 12 and line the sheet with of parchment paper allow excess paper at both ends. Grease paper and set sheet aside. Reserve any remaining melted butter for later. Line two more shallow baking sheets or trays with waxed paper for holding and chilling assembled candy and set them aside. Cut each stick of butter in half and place next to work surface, along with measured salt, baking soda, vanilla and coarsely chopped macadamia nuts. Place chopped chocolate in a heat proof bowl and set aside. Place a cup of hot water next to stove and put a pastry brush in water.nTo prepare toffee: Place a 2 12quart heavy bottomed saucepan on the stove. Place water, sugar and corn syrup in the pan and stir gently to combine. Place pan over medium heat and as sugar dissolves, swirl pan gently. Let mixture come to a rolling boil and, once boiling and mixture is clear, dont stir or swirl pan anymore. If, while sugar is boiling, any sugar crystals cling to sides of pan, use moistened pastry brush to wash sides of the pan. Cook syrup until starts becoming a very light amber color. Lower heat and add butter, one half stick at a time, stirring very gently. Only add additional butter after preceding piece has become melted and fully incorporated. Once all the butter has been added, place candy thermometer into mixture, making sure that the bottom tip does not touch the bottom of the pan. Raise heat to medium and boil mixture until the temperature reads between 295 degrees F and 300 degrees F. Remove thermometer from pan and pan from stove and immediately stir in salt, baking soda, vanilla and macadamia nuts. Quickly stick thermometer it warm water to aid in clean up. Immediately, pour candy mixture onto prepared baking sheet. Brush the bottom of a long offset metal spatula an icing spatula is perfect or a knife with some melted butter. Spread the candy mixture out so that it is 14inch thick. Use the knife to push the sides back into a rectangular shape as the mixture cools. Let the mixture set for a few minutes.nTo melt chocolate: While toffee firms up a bit, melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler or in a skillet with 1inch of hot but not simmering water stirring constantly until smooth. Be careful not to allow any water to enter bowl of chocolate.nTo cut candy: While candy mixture is still warm and pliable, use a buttered pastry scraper to score the candy into 1 12 by 2inch rectangles. Let set further until the candy is firmer 5 minutes at room temperature. Score again through original cuts, making sure candy is in separate squares all the way through to the bottom.  If stubborn, use your pastry scraper and mallet to knock through any sticky, tough spots. Hit the top wooden part of the scraper with a heavy mallet.nTo fully assemble candy and chill: When chocolate is firm, pour melted chocolate over top of scored candy and, using a spatula, spread it out evenly. Its okay if the chocolate runs down into grooves in candy. Scatter 2 cups of the ground toasted nuts on top of the chocolate and press them into the chocolate. Reserve the remaining 1 cup of nuts. Lift one end of the parchment paper so the first line of cut candy bends and separates from the next line. Carefully lift one piece off at a time. Sprinkle with some additional nuts to coat any exposed chocolate. Place candy on prepared baking sheets lined with waxed paper in a single layer and refrigerate covered with plastic wrap so chocolate will harden. Once set, place candy in an airtight tin, separated in layers with waxed paper. Although these candies may be stored at room temperature, to best preserve fresh flavor, store them in the refrigerator., ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, melted, for brushing, 13 cup water, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 2 sticks sweet unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped deeply toasted unsalted macadamia nuts If unsalted nuts are not available, reduce the listed salt to 14 teaspoon., 12 ounces semisweet chocolate melted, 3 cups finely chopped toasted nuts use blanched almonds, walnuts, pecans, macadamia], title: MixedNut ButterCrunch Candy, picturelink: null}, 57912: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the floor or the lowest rack of your oven. Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nPat the pizza dough into a 12inch diameter circle and place it on a peel. Spread on the heavy cream, then the mozzarella. Place the pancetta slices on so there is pancetta on each slice of pizza 6 slices. Finally add the zucchini and chunks of the cream cheese. Slide the pizza onto the stone and bake for 8 for 10 minutes.nBuon Appetito, ingredients: [7 ounces pizza dough, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 ounces mozzarella knots, shredded, 6 thin slices pancetta, 1 2inch piece zucchini, thinly sliced, 2 ounces herbed cream cheese], title: Award Winning Pizza, picturelink: G6CYzFj0rzP1Qd3S9V2f6o0sCqQ4z9C}, 57913: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F and lightly brush 2 shallow baking pans or sheet pans with oil. Cut tomatoes into 12inch thick slices and arrange in 1 layer in baking pans. Roast tomatoes in upper and lower thirds of oven until just tender but not falling apart, about 15 minutes, and cool slightly in pans on racks. Leave oven on.nHalve garlic. Cut bread into 12inch thick slices and with a 4inch round cutter cut out 4 rounds. Brush rounds on both sides with remaining 13 cup oil and arrange in 1 layer on a baking sheet. Toast rounds in middle of oven until golden brown, about 5 minutes, and immediately rub on both sides with cut sides of garlic. Season toasted rounds with salt and pepper.nBrush the bottoms and sides of 4 4inch diameter, 1 cup measurement ramekins lightly with extravirgin olive oil.nLayer 1 slice each of yellow and red tomato in bottom of each ramekin and spread 1 teaspoon pesto evenly over each. Repeat layering once and top each tatin with a toast round. Bake tatins in middle of oven just until hot, about 5 minutes. Invert a plate over each ramekin and invert ramekins onto plates.nServe tatins immediately., ingredients: [13 cup olive oil, plus additional for brushing pans, 3 medium vineripened yellow tomatoes about 1 12 pounds, 3 medium vineripened red tomatoes about 1 12 pounds, 1 garlic clove, 4 12inch thick slices countrystyle bread, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 8 teaspoons basil pesto or tapenade, optional, store bought, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Tomato Tatins, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 57914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 1 tablespoon of oil in a large saucepan. Add the carrot, onion, and garlic and saute until the onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lentils. Add 2 12 cups of broth and bring to a boil over high heat. Decrease the heat to mediumlow. Cover and simmer gently until the lentils are just tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well. Transfer the lentils to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, bring the remaining 2 cups broth and bay leaf to a boil in a medium saucepan over high heat. Add the rice and return the broth to a simmer. Cover and simmer gently over low heat until the rice is tender and the liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes do not stir the rice as it cooks. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Fluff the rice with a large fork. Transfer to the bowl with the lentils. Add the olives, parsley, thyme, and lemon peel. Toss the rice mixture with the remaining 3 tablespoons oil to coat. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 3 tablespoons, 1 carrot, peeled and finely diced, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 14 cups dried green lentils, 2 12 cups chicken broth, plus 2 cups, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 12 cup pitted kalamata olives, coarsely chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon peel, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Lentil and Rice Salad, picturelink: mPTXyIeDOzH23Gcg3Bm3GCqSFvOeL0C}, 57915: {instructions: Add the yogurt, cheese, dill, vinegar, Italian seasoning, garlic and some salt and pepper in a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth.nAdd the buttermilk and mix to incorporate. If the sauces is too thick, add a little more buttermilk., ingredients: [13 cup plain Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 1 teaspoon dried dill weed, 1 teaspoon vinegar, 12 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 1 small clove garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons lowfat buttermilk], title: Homemade Greek Yogurt Ranch Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57916: {instructions: 1. Brown ground beef in 12inch skillet drain.n2. Stir in Pasta Sauce and water. Bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in uncooked rotini and return to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook covered, stirring occasionally, 14 minutes or until rotini is tender. Remove from heat, then sprinkle with cheese. Cover and let stand 5 minutes or until cheese is melted., ingredients: [112 lb. lean ground beef, 1 jar 1 lb. 10 oz. Ragu00fau00ae Old World Styleu00ae Pasta Sauce, 3 cups water, 12 ounces uncooked whole wheat rotini pasta, 1 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese about 4 oz.], title: Skillet Pasta and Beef Dinner, picturelink: ceVwhlYYHduUDxpmku3eBtQaeoCsVf.}, 57917: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a skillet, cook the bacon until done but soft, not crisp. Add the tomatoes, peppers, onions, garlic, cumin, salt and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat to simmer, cover and cook for 10 minutes.nRemove from the heat and serve hot over your morning eggs huevos rancheros, tamales, beans frijoles or potatoes papas. Serve cold with tortilla chips., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, cut into 14inch slices, 4 medium tomatoes, finely diced, 2 serrano peppers, destemmed, deseeded and finely diced, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Serving suggestions: morning eggs, tamales, beans, potatoes, tortilla chips], title: Loris Salsa Ranchera, picturelink: Bpa59rCqwbUm4M2S0guPbN9wVD5SKDq}, 57918: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine 14 cup olive oil, the coriander, cumin, paprika, cinnamon, saffron, cloves, ginger and red pepper flakes. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and place in the marinade. Stir until the marinade covers each piece. Refrigerate for 2 hours and up to overnight.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and pat dry reserve the marinade. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a tagine or a large Dutch oven. Place the chicken skinside down in the pot and brown for 4 to 5 minutes. Turn and brown an additional 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the chicken and reserve on a plate.nAdd the onions and garlic to the same pot and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken stock, green olives, lemon peel, 14 teaspoon black pepper and the reserved chicken and marinade. Bring to a low boil and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cover and cook 45 minutes.nStir in the cilantro, parsley and lemon juice. Serve with couscous if desired., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon saffron threads or powder, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, One 4pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 onions, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 12 cup green olives, pitted, 1 preserved lemon peel, sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh cilantro, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh flatleaf parsley, minced, Juice of 12 lemon, Couscous, for serving, optional], title: Chicken Tagine with Preserved Lemon and Olives, picturelink: null}, 57919: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a big, deep skillet over medium high heat with 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil. Add chorizo and render its fat, 2 minutes. Push the chorizo off to the sides of the pot and add chicken meat. Brown and crumble the chicken, 5 to 6 minutes. Season the chicken with chili powder and cumin while it cooks. Combine the onions, garlic, peppers and beans to meats and cook another 5 to 6 minutes. Stir the beer into the chili and reduce the liquid a minute then add the tomatoes and heat through. Season the chili with salt, to taste, and reduce heat to low.nBring 6 cups stock to a boil in a medium pot, stir in polenta and keep stirring until the polenta masses and thickens to a porridge, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in butter, scallions and thyme and season with salt, to taste.nFill bowls half way with polenta and make a well in the center. Fill up bowls with chili and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 34 pound chorizo, chopped, 2 pounds ground chicken, 3 tablespoons chili powder, 3 palm fulls, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, a palm full, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 red bell pepper, chopped, 1 15ounce can red beans, drained, 1 bottle beer, 1 28ounce can diced fire roasted tomatoes, Salt, 6 cups chicken stock, 2 cups quick cooking polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped thyme leaves], title: Chunky Chicken and Chorizo Chili, picturelink: qoccZUc4ZdA1heJxYOe9S0d5KcGkvWS}, 57920: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace tomatoes cutside down on a baking sheet lined with foil for easy cleanup and brush skin with 1 tablespoon of the grapeseed oil, reserving the rest of the oil. Roast tomatoes until charred, about 15 minutes, remove from oven and place in plastic bags to sweat. This will help make it easier to remove the skin.nHeat chicken stock in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Peel shrimp and add shells to the pot, reserving the shrimp. Bring the pot of stock and shells to a boil, skimming any impurities which rise to the surface.nIn a large stockpot, heat the remaining grapeseed oil over medium heat and melt the butter in it, and saute onions and garlic until onions turn translucent. Add the mushrooms and cook until they begin to soften and give up their juices. Strain the chicken stock into the stockpot with the onions and mushrooms and discard the shrimp shells. Remove skin from the roasted tomatoes and add them to the pot. Add the white rice and allpurpose seasoning, bring to a gentle boil, reduce heat to low, cover and let simmer 20 minutes.nChop most of the shrimp, small dice, reserving about 8 whole shrimp. Stir chopped shrimp into pot and add whole shrimp last, without stirring in the whole shrimp. Cover pot and let cook for 5 more minutes. Remove from heat and scoop out whole shrimp and transfer to a utility plate and cover to keep warm. Stir heavy cream into pot and puree with an immersion blender and season with salt and pepper. Spoon into soup bowls and garnish with whole shrimp topped with cilantro and mint. Serve with croutons., ingredients: [8 plum tomatoes, halved and seeds removed, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, divided, 1 quart chicken stock, 12 pound 1620size shrimp, deveined, divided, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 white onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, and quartered, 1 cup white mushrooms, cleaned, trimmed and sliced about 3 ounces, 1 cup white rice, 1 tablespoon allpurpose seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 cups heavy cream, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint leaves, 2 or 3 slices French bread or garlic bread, toasted and cut into croutons], title: FireRoasted Tomato, Mushroom and Shrimp Bisque, picturelink: null}, 57921: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine water, flour, eggs and salt with a wooden spoon. Place dough mixture on a clean cutting board. Flour both sides of the dough and roll into a long rectangle, approximately 12 by 2inches and 18inch thick. With pizza cutter, cut into strips, 2inches in length and 14inch wide.nBring chicken stock to a boil in a large saucepan. Fill a large bowl with ice water. Drop spaetzle in batches into boiling stock and cook until pasta floats to the surface. Remove pasta to the ice bath. Drain spaetzle and hold on sheet pan. Continue with the other batches.nIn a medium saute pan, add butter, and melt over medium heat until butter turns a light brown. Add garlic and cook until it becomes lightly colored. Add spaetzle to the pan to heat through. Add parsley, cheese, salt and pepper, to taste.nServe in a bowl, garnished with Parmesan., ingredients: [12 cup cold water, 1 34 cups flour, plus extra for kneading, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 quarts low sodium chicken stock, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons fresh chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons finely grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: pizza wheel], title: One Special Spaetzle, picturelink: xUww4xD8Y5CEa5teFUWinEgveng4y7e}, 57922: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. In a roasting pan large enough to hold the venison racks without crowding them, toss the shallots with 2 tablespoons of the oil and salt and pepper to taste and roast them in the middle of the oven, stirring occasionally, for 25 to 30 minutes, or until they are golden. Pat the venison dry, season it with salt and pepper, and rub it generously with the additional oil. Push the shallots to the sides of the roasting pan, stand the venison crown in the middle of the pan. Mound stuffing in center of roast in the middle of the oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a meat thermometer registers 125 degrees, for rare meat. Transfer the racks with shallots to a planter and let them stand, covered loosely with foil, for 15 minutes. To the roasting pan add the broth, the wine, the water and the juniper berries and simmer the mixture, scraping up the brown bits, for 5 minutes. Strain the mixture through a fine sieve set over a small saucepan, whisk the cornstarch mixture, and add it to the saucepan with the cranberries, the vinegar and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer the gravy, whisking for 5 minutes. Cut the venison into individual chops and serve it with the shallots and the gravy., ingredients: [1 8to 11 rib 3 to 4 pound rack of venison, halved to form two 4 to 6 rib racks and any, tough membranes trimmed and tied into crown roast, 2 pounds shallots, trimmed and peeled, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil plus additional for rubbing the venison, 12 cup beef broth, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup water, 1 tablespoon juniper berries, crushed lightly, 2 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, 13 cup dried cranberries, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Roasted Rack of Venison and Shallots with DriedCranberry Gravy, picturelink: null}, 57923: {instructions: Melt the butter with the garlic. Remove from the heat and allow to infuse. Heat the oil in a large pot and add the popcorn, tossing to coat. Cover and shake the pot over high heat until all the kernels have popped. Remove the garlic from the butter and pour the butter over the popcorn. Toss. Sprinkle with the herbes de provence, celery salt and salt, and toss again. Voila., ingredients: [12 cup125 g unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup200 g popcorn kernels, 2 tablespoons herbes de provence, Celery salt, Salt], title: Frenchy Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 57924: {instructions: Spoon lasagna filling into a large saucepan. Add corn, green pepper, ketchup, Dijon, chili powder, basil, and cayenne pepper and bring mixture to a simmer. Cook 5 to 7 minutes, until green pepper is soft and mixture is heated through. Spoon mixture onto rolls and serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 cups leftover lasagna filling, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, 1 green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 12 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 Kaiser rolls, halved], title: Sloppy Joe Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 57925: {instructions: Make a mint flavored simple syrup by boiling water and sugar with two bunches of roughly torn and bruised mint in large sauce pot. Boil just until the sugar dissolves completely. Cool and strain the mint out of mixture.nAdd bottle of whisky to the infusion. Stuff the empty whisky bottle with last bunch of fresh mint leaves and fill with the simple syrupwhiskey mixture.nCap and put in freezer overnight. It will freeze to a slushy consistency for serving.nGlasses: dip the rim of each glass in egg white, then in sugar for a frosted appearance and chill. Fill with mint julep mixture straight from the frozen bottle and garnish with a mint or lavender sprig., ingredients: [13 cup water, 23 cup sugar, plus more for garnish, 3 bunches mint, 1 bottle Southern whisky, 1 egg white, Mint or lavender sprigs, for garnish], title: Mint Julep, picturelink: GBNW6adHFgCYFE67yBusXZ4FeCEMHm}, 57926: {instructions: In a blender blend together the bell pepper, the oil, the lemon juice, the vinegar, the cayenne, 1 tablespoon water, and salt and black pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 large red bell peppers, roasted procedure follows and chopped, or 2 jars store bought roasted red peppers, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, or to taste, 1 12 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, or to taste, Cayenne, to taste], title: Roasted Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 57927: {instructions: Preheat the broiler with the rack placed about 8 inches away from the heat source.nPut the lemon juice, olive oil, red wine vinegar, garlic, oregano or thyme, 12 teaspoon of salt, and 14 teaspoon of pepper in a container with a lid and shake well to blend.nPlace the chicken pieces skinside down on a rimmed baking sheet and salt them lightly. Broil for 15 minutes. Turn the pieces, lightly salt them, and broil them until the skin is crisp and golden brown and the juices run clear when the pieces are pierced with a fork, 15 to 20 minutes longer.nRemove the chicken from the broiler, leaving the broiler on. Cut the breasts and thighs in half you can use a clean dish towel to hold the chicken steady so you dont burn yourself cut across the bone if you have a very strong sharp knife or cut just alongside the bone if a crosswise cut is too difficult. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat, and return the chicken to the baking sheet.nShake the lemon sauce again and pour it over the chicken. Turn the pieces over so they are evenly coated with the sauce, making sure all of the pieces end up skin side down.nBroil the chicken until it has browned a bit more, another 2 minutes, then turn the pieces skin side up and broil them until the skin is browned a bit more, about 3 minutes longer. Remove the chicken from the baking sheet and, if you are using the parsley, stir it into the sauce still in the baking sheet. Pour the sauce over the chicken and serve.nPhotograph by Todd ColemanThe Mom 100 Cookbook, ingredients: [1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons finely minced garlic, 1 teaspoon dried oregano or thyme, Kosher or coarse salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 bonein chicken breast halves with skin 2 to 2 12 pounds total, 6 bonein chicken thighs with skin 2 12 to 3 pounds total, 14 cup Italian flatleaf parsley optional, see Cooks Notes, 1 cup fresh lemon juice from 4 to 6 lemons, 23 cup olive oil], title: Lemon Chicken, picturelink: Se4WtL4DptcTuJ2.rP8axbSHMRqRm}, 57928: {instructions: Make the meatballs: In a bowl let the bread soak in the milk for 3 minutes. Add the lamb, garlic, mint, scallion, cinnamon, salt, and pepper, and combine the mixture well. Roll the mixture into 1inch balls, in a large kettle brown the meatballs over moderate heat for 5 minutes, or until they are just firm to the touch, and transfer them with a slotted spoon to a plate.nMake the sauce: In the kettle cook the onion in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally and scraping up the brown bits, until it is softened. Add the tomatoes, chopping them with a spoon, and stir in the wine, carrot, garlic, salt and pepper to taste. Bring the liquid to a boil and simmer the mixture, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Add the meatballs and any juices that have accumulated on the plate and simmer the mixture for 5 minutes. Stir in the mint and the Feta and keep the sauce hot over moderately low heat, stirring occasionally.nIn a kettle of boiling salted water cook the spaghetti for 8 to 10 minutes, or until it is al dente, and drain it well. Transfer the spaghetti to a heated platter and spoon the sauce over it., ingredients: [1 slice of homemadetype white bread, torn into pieces, 14 cup milk, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 13 cup minced fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons minced scallion, 18 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, or to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, or to taste, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 28ounce cans Italian plum tomatoes, drained in a colander, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons finely grated carrot, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint leaves, 6 ounces Feta, cut into 14inch dice about 1 cup, 1 pound dried spaghetti], title: Spaghetti with Greek Meatballs and Tomato Feta Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57929: {instructions: In a hot wok, coat wok with oil and caramelize onions with the ginger. Season. Add sambal and shrimp and stir fry until just cooked through. Deglaze with lime juice and add mangoes. Check for seasoning.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together Dijon, vinegar and oil. Check for seasoning. Toss with snow peas. Place a pile of snow peas in the middle of the plate. Surround with stir fry. Garnish with mango slices., ingredients: [2 red onions, sliced, 1 tablespoon ginger julienned, 1 12 tablespoons sambal, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Juice of 2 limes, 2 ripe mangoes, diced, 12 pound of blanched snow peas, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 18 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup canola oil, Salt and black pepper to taste], title: Spicy Shrimp and Mango with Snow Pea Salad, picturelink: null}, 57930: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hot chocolate: Bring the milk to a simmer in a large heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chocolate, guajillo chile, cinnamon stick and vanilla bean. Reduce the heat to mediumlow. Simmer for 10 minutes, whisking constantly to develop some froth and completely melt the chocolate. Remove the chile, vanilla bean and cinnamon stick from the hot mixture.nFor the whipped cream: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, or in a large glass mixing bowl with a hand mixer, beat the cream until soft peaks form. Add the powdered sugar and beat to stiff peaks.nPour the hot chocolate into a mug. Dollop with the whipped cream and dust with cinnamon and chili powder. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, One 3.2ounce disk Mexican chocolate, chopped, 1 dried guajillo chile, stemmed, seeded and deveined, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, Ground cinnamon, for dusting, Chili powder, for dusting], title: Aztec Hot Chocolate, picturelink: miKSixbfESXwa3z58BvWr30d8cjxo1O}, 57931: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace potatoes in a large stockpot and cover with cold water. Add salt and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce to medium and cook until fork tender. Drain well. Add back to the pot that they were cooked in.nMeanwhile, heat butter and cream until hot. Add the crumbled blue cheese and stir together. Add sauce to potatoes and mash until smooth. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon golden potatoes, washed and quartered, Salt, 4 tablespoons butter, 34 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Blue Cheese Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 57932: {instructions: Soak bamboo skewers in water for 30 minutes. Prepare barbecue medium high heat. Grill corn until just tender and brown in spots, turning frequently, about 10 minutes. Cut corn from cob. Transfer corn kernels to medium bowl. Add tomato, black beans, onion, cilantro, lime juice, 1 jalapeno and 14 teaspoon ground cumin and stir to blend. Combine wine, olive oil, remaining jalapeno and 14 teaspoon ground cumin in a large bowl. Add shrimp and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate 1 to 2 hours, stirring occasionally.nRemove shrimp from marinade discard marinade. Thread shrimp on bamboo skewers. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill until just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Spoon salsa on platter. Top with shrimp skewers., ingredients: [2 ears fresh corn, husked, 1 tomato, cored, seeded, chopped, 1 cup drained canned black beans, 12 small red onion chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 12 fresh lime, juiced, 2 jalapeno chilies, seeded and minced, 12 teaspoon ground toasted cumin seeds, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds large uncooked shrimp, peeled, deveined], title: Grilled Shrimp with Roasted Corn and Black Bean Salsa, picturelink: null}, 57933: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine sour cream, juice, zest, salt and pepper in a medium nonreactive bowl. Store, covered in refrigerator until ready to use.nHeat a lightly oiled grill pan over medium heat. Meanwhile, brush onions and mushrooms with oil and season well with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nWhen grill pan is heated, add onions cut side down and cook until softened, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add mushrooms and grill until charred and soft, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately with sour cream sauce., ingredients: [1 cup plain sour cream, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 medium red onion, cut into 8 wedges, 3 large portobello mushrooms, cut into 1inch slices, Vegetable oil, for brushing the vegetables], title: Grilled Onions and Mushrooms with Limed Sour Cream, picturelink: prDxh2jDIZmr1aXLCdOKsETVZoBa1O}, 57934: {instructions: Form the ground sirloin into 4 8ounce patties. Over an openflame, grill each burger to desired temperature. While the patties are grilling, cook bacon in a skillet until desired crispness, and set aside. In the same skillet that you cooked the bacon in, fry the eggs until set. Transfer to a plate and top each with a slice of cheese.nButter both sides of each bun and grill until toasted. On each of the 4 bottom buns, place the burger, followed by the cheesetopped egg and bacon, in that order. On each of the top 4 buns, place the lettuce, tomato and red onion, in that order. Top with any additional condiments desired, sandwich the 2 sides, and serve., ingredients: [32 ounces 100 percent ground sirloin, 12 strips bacon, 4 large eggs, 8 slices American cheese, 4 kaiser egg buns, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 lettuce leaves, 4 slices tomato, 4 slices red onion], title: The Vortex Coronary Bypass Burger, picturelink: null}, 57935: {instructions: In a pot with a tight fitting lid, add the rice and 4 cups cold water. Put in the ginger and salt. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside for about 10 minutes.nHeat a wok or large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. When it is hot, pour in the sesame oil. Add the scallions, ginger, and garlic stirfry for 1 minute until fragrant. Stir in the peas and carrots and cook for about 2 minutes. Pour in the eggs and stirfry until they are cooked, about 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the ginger from the rice and add the rice to the wok stir everything together and break up any clumps of rice. Add the soy and hoisin and stir some more. Taste for seasoning and add some salt if needed. Stir in the cilantro leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 cups longgrain white rice, rinsed, 4 cups cold water, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and sliced in 12, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 4 scallions, sliced thin, 1 1inch piece ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 cup frozen peas, run under cool water for 2 minutes to thaw, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, Kosher salt, Cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Fried Rice with Peas and Carrots, picturelink: null}, 57936: {instructions: For the crust: Pulse the flour, shortening, granulated sugar, vinegar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the butter, and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Sprinkle in 2 tablespoons of the ice water, and pulse until the dough begins to come together. Pinch the dough with your fingers if it doesnt hold together, add up to 2 teaspoons more ice water, 1 teaspoon at a time, pulsing and checking the dough after each addition. Wrap the dough tightly, and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or preferably overnight.nPosition a rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Roll the dough into a disc 11 to 12 inches wide on a lightly floured surface. Sandwich the dough between pieces of parchment or wax paper on a baking sheet, and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes. Lay the dough in an 8inch pie pan so it extends about 12 inch beyond the edge of the pan. Fold the outer edge of the dough up under itself, and crimp decoratively between your index finger and forefinger. Poke the dough all over with a fork, and refrigerate for 10 minutes more. Line the pie crust with parchment or foil, fill with pie weights or beans and bake until the dough appears dry to the touch, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and weights, and continue cooking the crust until its light brown and cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes more. Let the crust cool completely on a wire rack.nFor the filling: Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Whisk the heavy cream, granulated sugar, yolks, egg, bourbon, zest, cherry juice and salt in a medium bowl until smooth. Place the cooled crust on a rimmed baking sheet, and pour the custard into the crust. To avoid overbrowning, cut 2 strips of aluminum foil to wrap over the crust edges. Carefully transfer the pie to the oven, and bake until the custard is set but still has a slight jiggle, 50 to 60 minutes. Let the pie cool completely on a wire rack, about 4 hours. If serving the next day, let cool completely, then wrap and refrigerate overnight.nFor the bourbon whipped cream: Beat the confectioners sugar and bourbon in a large bowl with an electric mixer on low speed. Add the heavy cream, increase the speed to mediumhigh and beat until firm peaks form, about 1 minute.nPut six 2tablespoon dollops of the whipped cream around the pie, and top each with a cherry. Twist the orange slices, and place them in between the whipped cream dollops. Serve the pie with the remaining whipped cream., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons ice water, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 12 cup granulated sugar, 3 large egg yolks, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons bourbon, 2 teaspoons orange zest, 1 teaspoon maraschino cherry juice, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 cup heavy cream, 6 very thin orange slices from 1 large orange, 6 maraschino cherries], title: Old Fashioned Pie, picturelink: dmqtxDz6onMEavsmPapstXOJLE30KS}, 57937: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degreesn1 Butter a 9x9 square baking pan.n2 In a food processor, place the flour, sugar, baking powder, and cereal and pulse to combine into coarse crumbs.n3 Add the butter a little at a time and pulse again until it forms wet coarse crumbs. Make sure not to over process.n4 Press the crumb mixture evenly and firmly on the bottom of the buttered pan, and bake for 1215 minutes or until golden.n5 In a medium bowl whisk all the ingredients for the topping together.nAnd pour them into the hot crust.n6 Then return the pan back into the 350 degree oven and cook for another 1215 minutes more. The top should be set, but not browned.n7 Let cool, cut into bars and sprinkle with confectionary sugar., ingredients: [1 cup of flour, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 cups of puffed square rice cereal, 1 stick of butter cut up into pieces, 3 eggs beaten, 3 tablespoons four, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 orange, zested, 13 cup of Jose Cuervo Authentic Margarita], title: Golden Goodness Bars, picturelink: null}, 57938: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine shaved fennel, onion, sugar and marmalade and cook for 10 minutes over mediumlow heat. Set aside to cool to room temperaturenPreheat oven to 375 degrees F. Combine onion, lime zest and juice, mustard and mayonnaise in a bowl, and then fold crabmeat into the mixture so that its just combined and the crab is not broken or mashed. Season with salt and pepper, as needed. Arrange bread on a baking sheet. Using a melon baller, or small scoop, spoon seafood mixture onto bread and bake briefly in oven until seafood balls are lightly browned.nGarnish crab with marmalade and parsley., ingredients: [3 stalks fennel, shaved with a mandoline, 1 large white onion, diced, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup apricot marmalade, 1 large red onion, diced fine, 1 fresh lime, zest grated and juiced, 1 teaspoon stone ground mustard, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 pound cooked Dungeoness crabmeat, picked through to remove remnants of shells, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 loaf French bread, sliced on the diagonal into 16 12inch slices and lightly toasted, 16 small parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Arctic Circle Crab Crostini, picturelink: cUJ3W3fqhYp9.NlgCqPwmNU0M06ermC}, 57939: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 12cup mini muffin pansnFor the Cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small mixing bowl add the baking soda, salt, baking powder and flour. Mix thoroughly with a fork and set aside. In a large mixing bowl add the eggs, honey, both sugars and butter. Mix until smooth using a hand mixer. Add the cinnamon and baby food. Mix until smooth. Using a rubber spatula fold in the pecans. Slowly add the flour mixture using a sifter and fold in until ingredients are evenly mixed.nPlace 24 mini baking cups 2inch, nonfoil into each hole of the mini muffin pan. Place a 1gallon resealable freezer bag into a bowl for support and pour the cupcake batter into the bag. Seal the bag and cut the tip off 1 of the bottom corners of the bag. Squeeze the batter into each baking cup, filling them only 34 of the way full. Place the mini muffin pan in the oven on the center rack. Bake for 12 minutes.nFor the Frosting: In a small mixing bowl add the extracts, milk, cream cheese, butter and powdered sugar. Mix until smooth and creamy using a hand mixer. When the cupcakes are done baking remove each cupcake from the pan and place on a cooling rack. Place the cooling rack in the refrigerator for 5 to 7 minutes.nOnce the cupcakes are cooled remove them from the refrigerator. Frost each cupcake by putting a generous dollop of frosting on the top with a spoon. Garnish top with ground pecans and they are ready to serve., ingredients: [12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 14 cup clover honey, 12 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 4ounce jar pumpkins with pears baby food recommended: Natures Goodness brand, 2 4ounce jars applesauce and apricots baby food recommended: Earths Best brand, 12 cup ground pecans, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons sweetened condensed milk, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 34 cup unsalted butter, softened, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup ground pecans], title: Babycakes, picturelink: null}, 57940: {instructions: For the rub: Mix together the salt, chili powder, paprika, pepper, brown sugar, coriander, onion powder, cayenne and cumin in a small bowl.nFor the barbecue sauce: Mix together the cider and 3 tablespoons water in a small bowl. Heat the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook. As the color develops, deglaze the pan with the cider mixture to build flavor until caramelized and dark, about 30 minutes. Add the ketchup, molasses, dark brown sugar, allspice and cayenne and bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Simmer for 30 minutes.nFor the pork ribs: Preheat the oven to 280 degrees F. Coat the pork ribs with half the dry rub and let sit for 4 hours in the refrigerator. In a hot pan, add the oil and sear the pork rack. Place the seared ribs in a baking dish, put the butter on top of the ribs, add 12 cup of water and cover with foil. Cook the ribs until tender, about 3 hours. Cover the ribs with 12 cup of the barbecue sauce. Increase the oven to 350 degrees F and bake an additional 15 minutes.nFor the slaw: Toss the cabbage with the vinegar and sugar in a large bowl and let sit for 20 minutes. The slaw should still have crunch to it. Season with the salt. Serve the ribs with the slaw., ingredients: [3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 12 tablespoon ground coriander, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 13 tablespoon cayenne, 13 tablespoon cumin, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 2 ounces diced onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons molasses, 5 teaspoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 12 rack babyback ribs, 1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups shaved green cabbage, 1 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: DryRubbed BBQ Pork Ribs with Green Cabbage Slaw, picturelink: u9nxO4lIUzJC03ajmEyD7W2yZlQC2K}, 57941: {instructions: Run garlic through a garlic press. Rub steaks with garlic juice. Grind the sea salt until it has the consistency of kosher salt. Generously sprinkle steaks with garlic powder, celery seeds, and pepper. Set aside for approximately 45 minutes and allow to come up to room temperature. While you wait, prepare grill. Sprinkle steaks with sea salt. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on each side, turning once. Plate and let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 cloves garlic, 4 14 to 16ounce ribeye steaks, Coarse Himalayan pink sea salt, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 tablespoons celery seeds, 4 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper], title: Monster Meat RibEye, picturelink: null}, 57942: {instructions: Cut salmon into 4 3ounce portions. Heat olive oil to 95 degrees F. Add thyme and garlic. Season the salmon with salt and pepper. Place in olive oil for 8 minutes. Remove from olive oil. Season with fleur de sel. Garnish with dressed micro greens., ingredients: [12 ounces centercut wild salmon, 2 quarts olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sprig thyme, 1 clove garlic, Fleur de sel, 1 cup micro greens], title: Poached Salmon, picturelink: null}, 57943: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Charred Octopus and White Bean Salad, picturelink: .qy3eqzWGlruqMqIR0y4FdlCwyKIaHm}, 57944: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, garlic, salt and pepper and saute for 2 minutes. Add the mussels, a touch of water and cover to steam until the mussels open.nMeanwhile, in a skillet no oil over mediumhigh heat, add the chorizo, fennel, tomatoes and chile flakes and heat over mediumhigh heat.nCover the pan with a lid to bring up the temperature. Add the white wine and cook uncovered to reduce for 2 minutes, then add the fra diavolo tomato sauce and simmer for 5 minutes.nOnce the mussels open, remove them from the liquid and place them on a plate. Add the mussel liquid to the skillet with the tomato mixture and mix it in to build layers of flavors. Add the mussels and parsley, mix and season to taste.nIn a bowl, plate the mussels and generously cover with the sauce., ingredients: [1 tablespoon grapeseed oil, 2 teaspoons minced shallots, 1 clove garlic, crushed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 2 ounces fresh Spanish chorizo, diced and cooked, 13 ounce fennel, diced, 3 ounces tomatoes, diced, Crushed red chile flakes, for seasoning, 2 ounces white wine, 2 ounces fra diavolo sauce spicy marinara sauce with chile flakes, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, chopped], title: Zuppa di Mussels, picturelink: 31CeKi2eZ3NG10.MC4XLhHQieVWy.kC}, 57945: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nPrepare a 3 quart souffle dish by brushing with 2 tablespoons butter.nCombine dry ingredients in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine egg yolks, milk and butter and pour into dry ingredients. Stir to combine but do not over mix. Fold in the chopped scallions.nBeat the egg white to firm peaks in a stainless steel bowl using a whip. Fold the beaten whites into the cornmeal mix and pour the batter into buttered dish. Place in the oven and bake for 1 hour., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 34 cup cornmeal, 12 cup flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 6 eggs, separated, 1 12 cups milk, 14 cup melted butter, 1 cup finely diced green onions scallions], title: Green Onion Spoonbread, picturelink: null}, 57946: {instructions: Cook shrimp in boiling water only 2 minutes. Rinse with cold water until thoroughly chilled. Drain. Combine shrimp, oranges, and onions in a large bowl. Mix remaining ingredients and pour over shrimp mixture. Cover and refrigerate 8 hours or overnight, stirring occasionally. Drain and serve on a bed of lettuce or in individual shells., ingredients: [3 pounds large raw shrimp, peeled and deveined, 4 oranges, peeled and sectioned, 2 to 3 medium white onions, sliced, 1 to 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup vegetable oil, 23 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons mustard seed, 14 teaspoon pepper, 2 cloves garlic, crushed], title: Marinated Shrimp with Orange, picturelink: null}, 57947: {instructions: Turn on grill to high heat.nIn a small, heavy bottom sauce pot, pour in the Zinfandel and brown sugar and stir in well. Bring to a boil, then turn the heat down to medium and simmer the wine slowly until reduced to a glaze, about 20 to 25 minutes.nBrush the peach halves with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on a hot grill, 1 minute on each side, to lightly mark the peaches. When warm, pull from the grill and place on a warm plate. Brush the peaches with the glaze and place on a serving plate. Lay the pieces of cheese over the peaches. Lightly drizzle the some of the remaining glaze over the fruit and cheese. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup Zinfandel wine, 12 tablespoon brown sugar, 8 ripe firm, but not overly soft, halved peaches, 2 tablespooons extravirgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 16 thinly shaved 2 by 2inch pieces sheeps cheese], title: Grilled Zinfandel Peaches, picturelink: null}, 57948: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add milk and egg and beat until smooth. Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add to creamed mixture. Mix until moistened. Toss blueberries with flour and fold into batter. Fill a wellgreased muffin pan 23 full with the batter. Bake at 400 degrees for 20 minutes., ingredients: [34 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 34 cup sifted flour, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon flour], title: Blueberry Muffins, picturelink: null}, 57949: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWrap the thyme, rosemary, and bay leaf in a piece of cheesecloth and secure closed with kitchen twine. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil and butter in a heavy large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion, pancetta, and garlic and saute until the onion is tender, about 3 minutes. Add the broth, beans, and sachet of herbs. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat, then decrease the heat to medium and simmer until the vegetables are very tender, about 10 minutes. Discard the sachet. Puree 1 cup of the bean mixture in a blender until smooth. Before putting the puree back into the soup, add the macaroni and boil with the lid on until it is tender but still firm to the bite, about 8 minutes. Return the puree to the remaining soup in the saucepan and stir well. Season the soup with ground black pepper and red pepper flakes.nLadle the soup into bowls. Sprinkle with some Parmesan and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil just before serving.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [4 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 large sprig fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 cup chopped onion, 3 ounces pancetta, chopped, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 5 34 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 14.5ounce cans red kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 34 cup elbow macaroni, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch red pepper flakes, optional, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Pasta e Fagioli, picturelink: TbdAyZ1NU1wjPeygFcG8U3tqZTlnH6}, 57950: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.nHeat pan, add oil and andouille and render fat. Add onions, celery, garlic, corn and seasonings and sweat vegetables. Remove from heat and let cool. Whisk eggs and cream, add cooled andouillevegetable mixture. Add diced cornbread to cream mixture allow to soak for 20 minutes. Add mixture to 12 sheet hotel pan and cover with foil. Cook pudding for 40 to 50 minutes or until set. Cut into 4inch by 4inch squares., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 2 cups andouille sausage, diced 12inch, 1 cup onions, minced, 12 cup celery, minced, 2 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons LA spice, 6 eggs, 1 quart heavy cream, 16 cups jalapeno cornbread, 1inch cubes], title: Andouille Corn Pudding, picturelink: null}, 57951: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk lime juice, rice vinegar, cilantro, ginger, garlic, honey, sesame oil and pepper flakes in a small bowl. Prepare rice noodles according to package directions drain and quick chill in a bowl of ice water. Once well drained, toss noodles in a large bowl with carrot, scallion, cucumber and peanuts and pour dressing over top. Mix well. To serve, place into serving bowls, and top with a heap of beets., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 14 cup seasoned rice vinegar, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1inch piece ginger, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 14ounce bag Orientalstyle rice vermicelli, 1 carrot, grated, 1 scallion, thinly sliced, 12 cucumber, peeled and grated, 3 tablespoons peanuts, 1 red beet, peeled and grated], title: Asian Noodles, picturelink: EOGDvMIclHy3unGv7IhILdPyqMZ4xa}, 57952: {instructions: Cook carrots in two cups water covered until just tender approximately 6 minutes. In a medium sized bowl, mix cayenne, cumin, honey and lemon juice. Whisk in olive oil. Drain excess water if any and toss warm carrots with vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 to 8 medium carrots, peeled and sliced in 14inch rounds, 2 cups water, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon honey, 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 13 cup olive oil, 1 cup mint leaves, washed and chopped], title: Moroccan Carrot Salad, picturelink: null}, 57953: {instructions: Grill or broil the sausage in advance. When cooled, slice it thin and set aside. Wash and drain the broccoli di rape and set it aside. In a large pot, put 10 quarts water on to boil, with 3 tablespoons coarse salt added, and immediately start preparing the sauce. Add the ziti to the pot when the water boils and cook until al dente. In a large, deep, heavy skillet with a fitted lid, heat the olive oil, add the garlic, and saute, uncovered, until golden, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli di rape, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper flakes, cover, and stream 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the sausage. Add the butter and chicken stock, and cook over high heat, uncovered, about 3 minutes, until the liquids are slightly reduced. Add the drained pasta to the sauce and toss gently. Sprinkle on 12 of the cheese, toss again, serve immediately, and distribute the remaining cheese over the pasta., ingredients: [12 pound sweet Italian sausage, 2 pounds broccoli di rape, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 pound ziti, 14 cup olive oil, 3 large cloves garlic, crushed, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon hot pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup grated Parmigiano cheese], title: Ziti con Broccoli di Rape e Salsicce Ziti with Broccoli di Rabe and Sausage, picturelink: null}, 57954: {instructions: Soak the rice vermicelli in lukewarm water to cover in a bowl, until rehydrated and softened, about 15 minutes. Drain and squeeze the noodles to get rid of the excess water. Bring a pot filled with water to a boil over high heat. Place the rice vermicelli in a sieve and lower it into the boiling water for 5 seconds. Remove the vermicelli and transfer to a bowl. When cool enough to handle, divide the vermicelli into 12 equal portions. In the same boiling water, cook the shrimp until they turn opaque, about 1 minute. When cool enough to handle, cut in half lengthwise and devein. Pour lukewarm water, about 1 inch deep, into a square or rectangular dish. Separate and soak 4 wrappers at a time until pliable, about 5 minutes. Place a clean kitchen towel on your work surface, then place each rice paper on the towel. With another kitchen towel, gently blot each wrapper until it is no longer wet but remain sticky. Leaving 1 inch uncovered on the side closest to you and the adjacent sides, place a lettuce leaf, vermicelli portion on top, 3 shrimp halves overlapped, 2 avocado and 2 mango slices overlapped, 2 mint leaves, and some cilantro sprigs. Fold wrapper once over the filling, then fold in the sides, and continue rolling tightly to the end. Repeat this process with the remaining ingredients to make 12 rolls. Wrap in a damp towel or with plastic wrap until ready to eat. Serve with ChileMint Dipping Sauce.nCombine all ingredients when syrup is cold. The sauce should be tangy, sweet, and spicy., ingredients: [4 ounces dried rice vermicelli, 18 small to medium shrimp, shelled, 2 avocados, peeled, pitted and sliced into 8 slices per half, 1 mango, peeled, cut off of the pit and sliced thinly, 12 8inch round rice papers, 1 head Boston lettuce, leaves separated and ribs removed, 24 large mint leaves, 1 bunch cilantro sprigs, well rinsed and dried, ChileMint Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 quart chilled simple syrup 1 quart water plus 2 cups sugar brought to a boil, 1 cup lime juice, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 12 cup minced ginger, 12 cup minced red onion, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 bunch basil, leaves picked and chopped, 12 bunch cilantro, chopped, 12 bunch mint, chopped, 1 roasted red bell pepper, peeled, seeded, and minced, 1 roasted yellow bell pepper, peeled, seeded, and minced, 2 tablespoons minced jalapenos, Salt and pepper], title: Shrimp, Avocado and Mango Spring Rolls with Chile Mint Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57955: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, cream together the butter and sugar, then add the honey. In a separate bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, and cinnamon and stir in the butter mixture until the dough is smooth. Heat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoll the dough out about 14inch12 cm thick and cut out the shapes with your favorite cookiecutter. Place on a baking sheet and bake until crisp and browned, about 12 minutes. Cool on racks and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [34 cup, plus 2 tablespoons200 g butter, 34 cup, plus 2 tablespoons185 g sugar, 3 tablespoons unpasteurized honey, 2 cups250 g flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Honey Fleur de Lys, picturelink: null}, 57956: {instructions: In a large zip top bag place chicken pieces with the buttermilk and chipotle. Close bag and mix making sure mixture is evenly distributed. Marinate for up to 8 hours or overnight in the refrigerator.nFill a large 12inch cast iron skillet with oil to the depth of about 12 to 34inch and heat until hot, about 325 degrees F.nIn a shallow dish mix the flour and cornmeal with the seasonings. Remove the chicken from the marinade and dredge into the flourcornmeal mixture. Repeat this process until all pieces are coated. Gently lower the chicken into the hot oil and fry for about 10 minutes on each side, until golden brown and the chicken is cooked through. The oil temperature will drop to about 290 degrees F when the chicken is first added to the hot oil, but will raise back up to 325 degrees F during the cooking process. Use an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the chicken pieces, not touching the bone nor piercing through, to make sure it registers 165 degrees F before removing it from the oil. Drain on paper towels and serve., ingredients: [4 legs and thighs, separated, 2 cups buttermilk, 12 cup chipotle in adobo sauce, chopped or 1 whole can, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: Spicy Fried Chicken, picturelink: zdT.IiHRNKZbc0NHkpO4RxVN61clyS}, 57957: {instructions: In a heavy skillet, heat the olive oil. Saute the onion and garlic until softened, add the red pepper and then the greens. Saute for about 3 to 4 minutes until wilted, but still green. Season with salt and pepper Serve., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, Red pepper flakes, salt and pepper to taste, 6 pounds collard, kale, turnip, and mustard greens, cleaned, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Quick Greens, picturelink: null}, 57958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F with a rack set on the middle shelf.nReserve 6 cups of the smaller kale leaves 2 inches or smaller. Thinly slice the remaining kale and place in a large mixing bowl. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil, 1 tablespoon of the vinegar and 14 teaspoon salt. Use your fingers to gently massage the kale until it starts to slightly wilt, 1 to 2 minutes.nPlace the reserved kale leaves on a baking sheet and toss with 1 tablespoon of the oil. Season very lightly with salt and pepper. Bake until the kale starts to crisp and the edges on some leaves just start to brown, 12 to 15 minutes, gently flipping the kale halfway through.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large saute pan over medium heat until crispy and most of the fat has been rendered, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined. Turn off the heat and remove all but 2 tablespoons of the fat from the pan. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook in the residual heat until the garlic has softened, about 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Whisk in the remaining vinegar and the maple syrup. Slowly whisk in the remaining oil. Season with salt.nRemove the kale from the oven and let sit for at least 5 minutes so that it continues to crisp as it cools.nTo assemble, gently toss the wilted kale, blackeyed peas, almonds, shallots and crisped bacon with the vinaigrette. Top with the crispy kale. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large bunches redbor kale about 3 pounds, stems removed and discarded 1 12 pounds for regular kale, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 5 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices bacon, cut in to 12inch pieces, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, One 15.5ounce can blackeyed peas, drained and rinsed, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 1 large shallot, thinly sliced], title: Roasted Redbor Kale Salad, picturelink: pka5p.1GuVgv8mcH.rmGEfIjGdYYWMC}, 57959: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour a 9by5by3inch loaf pan.nPut the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Bring a saucepan filled with an inch or so of water to a very slow simmer set the bowl on the pan without touching the water. Stir occasionally until melted and smooth. Keep warm.nWhisk the flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and cloves in a medium bowl. Stir the vanilla and half the bananas into the buttermilk.nBeat the butter and sugar in a large bowl, with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. While mixing, drizzle in the oil and beat until incorporated. Beat in the egg.nWhile mixing slowly add the flour mixture to the butter in 3 additions, alternating with the buttermilk mixture in 2 parts, beginning and ending with the flour. Scrape the sides of the bowl between additions, if needed. Fold in the remaining bananas. Gently swirl the melted chocolate into the batter so that it has a marbled effect. Scoop the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Cool in the pan on a rack before unmolding and slicing., ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped for melting, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 cups ripe bananas, diced about 4 bananas, 13 cup buttermilk, at room temperature, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large egg, at room temperature], title: ChocoChunky Banana Bread, picturelink: omNcfnF9ColtYn5sYcmwc1YHx2x0i}, 57960: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a slow cooker, combine all ingredients and set to low heat. Cover and let cook for 8 to 9 hours.nStir and remove to serving bowls. This method works best if started before you go to bed. This way your oatmeal will be finished by morning., ingredients: [1 cup steel cut oats, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup dried figs, 4 cups water, 12 cup halfandhalf], title: Overnight Oatmeal, picturelink: CDzMpVChhh7YGI3Ml4XlEn2cvtH3sKe}, 57961: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 4ounce ramekins Parchment paper or aluminum foil A rasp, a heavyduty electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachmentnWrap a parchment paper or aluminum foil collar around the outside of the individual ramekins the collar should be about 1 inch above the top of the dish. Secure each collar with a small amount of butter. Place ramekins in the fridge to cool.nIn an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, whip the heavy cream until it forms soft peaks. Set aside in the refrigerator.nIn a large, heavy saucepan, cook the sugar and water over mediumhigh heat until it reaches the soft ball stage at 235 to 240 degrees F, about 3 minutes see Cooks Note. Do not overcook the sugar. Meanwhile, place the yolks into the bowl of an electric mixer and turn to high speed. Slowly add a little of the hot sugar syrup. Decrease speed to medium and add the remaining syrup in a slow, steady stream see Cooks Note. Continue to whip for about 5 to 8 minutes, until the mixture is thick and cool. Remove the bowl from the mixer. Whisk in the orangeflavored liqueur and orange zest see Cooks Note. Mix in 14 of the whipped cream until well incorporated, then fold in the remainder.nSpoon into the ramekins and fill about 12inch above the ramekin. Freeze until set, about 2 hours. Remove the collars and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 8 egg yolks, 1 12 tablespoons orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 2 teaspoons rasped orange zest, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Iced Grand Marnier Souffle, picturelink: null}, 57962: {instructions: Arrange the vegetables on a large platter.nFill four small bowls with a 12cup each of extravirgin olive oil, so every person has their own bowl for dipping the raw vegetables.nSeason the extravirgin olive oil with the salt and freshly ground pepper., ingredients: [1 large fennel bulb, trimmed and cut into 8 pieces, 1 red pepper, seeded and cut into thin strips, 1 yellow pepper, seeded and cut into thin strips, 4 green onions, trimmed, 2 artichokes, outer leaves removed, trimmed, quartered, husks removed, rubbed with lemon, 4 celery stalks, halved, 4 carrots, cut into sticks, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, best quality possible, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pinzimonio: Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 57963: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and jalapeno and cook until soft. Add the ginger and cook for 1 minute. Add the orange juice, sugar, and half the bag of cranberries. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries pop and are soft. Add the remaining cranberries and cook 1 minute. Remove from the heat, add the blackberries, honey, to taste, orange zest, and parsley. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger, 1 12 cups fresh orange juice, 12 cup sugar, 1 1pound bag cranberries, divided, 1 pint fresh blackberries, halved, Honey, 2 teaspoons finely grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: CranberryBlackberry Relish, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 57964: {instructions: Follow directions on box for preparation of couscous. Add all other ingredients., ingredients: [1 box instant couscous, 1 cup green coriander, roughly chopped, 1 cup dried apricots, diced, 1 cup scallions, diced], title: Couscous, picturelink: null}, 57965: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a deep ovenproof pan, combine 12 cup olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, thyme, bay leaf, salt, and pepper. Add the frozen artichokes and mix to coat. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Cover with aluminum foil, transfer to the oven, and cook until the artichokes are browned in spots and tender when pierced, about 35 minutes. Allow the artichokes to cool in the liquid.nRemove the bay leaf. Put the cooled artichokes with the liquid into a blender. Add the remaining 14 cup olive oil and basil leaves and process until smooth., ingredients: [34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup fresh lemon juice, 3 large cloves garlic, quartered lengthwise, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 1 teaspoon gray salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 packages frozen artichokes, 12 cup tightly packed fresh basil leaves], title: Roasted Artichoke Pesto, picturelink: null}, 57966: {instructions: Special equipment: a pastry brushnLine a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside. Combine the flour, sugar, matcha, baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and whisk until evenly combined. Add the chilled butter and rub it into the flour with your fingers until it resembles a coarse meal. Combine the chives and tarragon in a small bowl, then scoop out and reserve 1 tablespoon of the herbs in another bowl. Sprinkle the remaining herbs in the flour mixture and toss until evenly incorporated.nForm a well in the center of the flour mixture, then pour in the cream. Using a fork, stir until the dough just comes together it will be wet and sticky. Transfer the dough to wellfloured work surface and, using wellfloured hands, pat into a 9by6inch rectangle, about 34inch thick. Using a large knife, halve the rectangle lengthwise, then cut crosswise into thirds, creating six 3by3inch squares. Halve each square diagonally to create 12 triangles, then transfer all the triangles to the prepared baking sheet and space apart evenly. Freeze for 1 hour to firm up.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, add the room temperature butter, pepper and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt. Add the reserved herbs and stir to combine. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a pastry brush, dust off any excess flour attached to the scones, then brush the tops of the scones with cream. Bake the scones until puffed and golden brown on top, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the scones to a wire rack and let cool for 10 minutes, then serve warm with the herb butter on the side., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons matcha tea powder, such as Kenko or The Peoples Republic of Tea, sifted, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 14inch cubes and chilled, plus 6 tablespoons, at room temperature, for serving, 13 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh tarragon, 1 14 cups heavy cream, chilled, plus more for brushing, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: MatchaHerb Scones, picturelink: null}, 57967: {instructions: For the cookies:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt. Set aside. In a mixer beat together the butter with the sugars until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add eggs 1 at a time, beating until smooth after each addition and scraping the sides of the bowl as necessary. Add in the vanilla. On a low speed beat in the flour mixture a little at a time. Gently mix in chocolate chips.nOn an ungreased cookie sheet, drop teaspoons of the batter about 2 inches apart. Bake until just cracked on top, about 8 to10 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through the cooking time. Cool completely.nFor the glaze:nIn a small bowl mix together the sugar mint extract and water until smooth. Transfer mixture to a medium resealable plastic bag and snip off the corner. Drizzle glaze over cooled cookies. Let cookies stand until set, about 10 minutes.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cups unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 34 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 cups chocolate chips, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 2 drops mint extract, or more to taste, 3 12 teaspoons water], title: Chocolate Peppermint Cookies, picturelink: null}, 57968: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 single serving ramekinsnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCrack 1 egg into each ramekin. Divide the cream over each egg, until the egg is covered. Add salt and pepper, to taste and sprinkle with the Parmesan. Arrange the ramekins on a sheet tray and put into the oven. Bake for about 10 minutes.nWhile the eggs are baking, add the jalapeno and the olive oil to a blender, and blend on high until the olive oil is a vibrant green, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove the mixture from the blender, and if possible, pour the oil through a strainer, into a bowl, to purify.nThe last minute of baking the eggs, set the oven to broil, and allow the heat to blast the top of the eggs, adding a little brown to the surface. Remove the eggs from the oven, and let sit for about 5 to 8 minutes. Before serving, drizzle a small amount of the jalapeno oil on the top of each egg., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 2 cups heavy cream, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Shredded Parmesan, 12 jalapeno, 12 cup olive oil], title: Shirred Eggs with Jalapeno Oil, picturelink: null}, 57969: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Spray 4 6ounce ramekins with butter flavored cooking spray. Lightly coat inside of ramekins with sugar set aside.nIn a small bowl, stir together lime curd and vanilla pudding. Set aside.nPlace egg whites in a medium bowl. Use an electric mixer to beat egg whites to stiff, but not dry, peaks.nStir 14 of egg whites into bowl with lime mixture. Spoon mixture over bowl with egg whites and gently fold together until just combined.nDivide among ramekins. Place on baking sheet and bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes or until risen and golden brown.nServe immediately garnished with a dusting of powdered sugar and half of a sugared lime slice., ingredients: [Butter flavored cooking spray, Granulated sugar, 13 cup lime curd recommended: Dickensons, 1 container 99g fatfree vanilla pudding recommended: Kraft HandiSnacks, 4 egg whites, Powdered sugar, 2 thinly cut lime slices, halved, coated in granulated sugar], title: Lime Souffle, picturelink: nOlkHyuxmWqZFQKJ8lvUFg811ID03bO}, 57970: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together honey, mustard, lemon juice and oil. Add crab, herbs and minced shallot. Season with salt and pepper and check flavor.nLay nori, shiny side down on sushi mat and lightly pat on rice on bottom half of nori, 14 inch thick. Place crab filling 23 up on rice. Roll, moisten end to seal and let rest., ingredients: [12 tablespoon honey, 12 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 tablespoon canola oil, 12 pound fresh picked crab, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 14 cup chopped flat leaf parsley, 14 cup basil chiffonade, 1 shallot, minced, Salt and white pepper to taste, 4 sheets of yakinori], title: Herb Crab Salad MakiSushi, picturelink: null}, 57971: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine fennel, mushrooms, arugula, artichokes, and lemon slices. Season with salt and pepper. Plate on 6 to 8 salad plates. Drizzle with oil and lemon juice. Garnish with Parmesan curls., ingredients: [2 small fennel bulbs, trimmed, cored, and sliced thin, 12 pound mushrooms, brushed, 2 cups arugula, 12 pound baby artichokes trimmed and quartered, 1 lemon, sliced thin, Extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Coarse salt and pepper, Fresh parmesan curls, to garnish], title: Fennel, Mushroom, and Arugula Salad, picturelink: null}, 57972: {instructions: Coat a large, wide pan with olive oil and bring the pan to a mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the chicken generously with salt and add to the pan, skinside down, in an even layer. Brown the chicken well on both sides.nOnce the chicken is brown on all sides, remove it from the pan and reserve. Drain the oil from the pan and return it to the heat. Coat the pan lightly with new olive oil. Add the sausage to the pan that the chicken was browned in. Brown the sausage well.nAdd the onions and season with salt. Cook the onions over medium heat until they are translucent and very aromatic, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes.nAdd the cherry pepper juice and wine to the pan and reduce it by half. While the wine is reducing, scrape any browned bits off the bottom of the pan. Return the chicken, skinside up, to the pan and add the chicken stock and cherry peppers. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and simmer, partially covered, for 15 minutes. Remove the lid and simmer for 5 more minutes add more chicken stock if the stock has reduced too much. Stir in the oregano just before serving.nTaste and adjust the seasoning if needed. The finished dish should be slightly soupy, spicy and delicious. Serve over the Soft Parmigiano Polenta.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the milk, 2 cups water and the bay leaf to a boil. Season generously with salt, almost to the point of over seasoning. How do you know that you are there TASTE ITnWhen it has reached a boil, slowly whisk in the polenta in small sprinkles. Once all of the polenta has been incorporated, reduce the heat to medium and immediately switch over to stirring with a wooden spoon. Cook the polenta for 5 minutes over medium, mediumlow, adding water if the polenta becomes too thick to loosen it up.nWhen the polenta is thoroughly cooked, it should look creamy and not feel gritty on your tongue. Remove it from the heat and stir in the Parmigiano and mascarpone. Taste and adjust seasoning as needed. Serve immediately, or place a sheet of plastic wrap right on the surface of the polenta to prevent a skin from forming on the top. To reheat, add a little water to the polenta and heat over low to medium heat, stirring constantly to prevent burning., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 12 chicken, cut into 4 pieces chicken breast with drumattached, cut in half, thigh and leg, Kosher salt, 8 ounces fennel sausage, cut into bitesize pieces, 12 Spanish onion, cut into 14inch slices, 3 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 14 cup hot cherry pepper juice, from the jar, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, plus a little more if needed, 4 or 5 quartered hot cherry peppers, 1 sprig fresh oregano, leaves picked and chopped, Soft Parmigiano Polenta, for serving, recipe follows, 2 cups milk, 1 bay leaf, Kosher salt, 1 cup quick cooking polenta, 1 cup grated Parmigiano, 14 cup mascarpone cheese], title: Chicken Scarpiello with Soft Parmigiano Polenta, picturelink: 0ca57r2n4a1Zipk9whZXYtczLHQnqZy}, 57973: {instructions: Place fish, onion and lemon juice in a bowl. Cover with a cloth and place in the refrigerator for 12 hours. When cooked strain off lemon juice and stir in chopped vegetables. Serve this mixture chilled with coconut mayonnaise dressing in a separate bowl., ingredients: [1 12 pounds haddock or bream fillets, cut into 12inch cubes., 2 small onions, finely sliced., Juice of 6 lemons, 4 ounces cucumber, finely diced, 4 ounces carrot, finely diced, 4 ounces celery, finely diced], title: Morwong Cru, picturelink: kWotXi.vBK66N5Y4D8kvZYV.KsmwdsG}, 57974: {instructions: For the dough: Mix first four ingredients and let rise for hour. Add the next three ingredients to above, then add enough all purpose flour to bring dough together into a smooth, soft, but not sticky dough. Let sit out 1 hour. Put in oiled bowl. Cover. Refrigerate overnight. Use the next day.nFor the cream: In boiling salted water, blanch the lobster for seven minutes, then shock it in an ice bath.nRemove the head for the lobster cream sauce. Remove the lobster meat and dice it into halfinch pieces. Split the lobster body in half and by half again. Place the body in a saucepan and then cover it with the cream. Add the parsley and the tomato and peppercorns. Slowly simmer cream, reducing it by half. Remove cream from heat and strain. Grate the parmesan and the ricotta salada cheese. Slice shallots and garlic, and cook slowly in olive oil till translucent.nFor the pizza: Preheat oven to 450 degrees.nDivide pizza dough into five ounce portions, gently rolling into balls. Using a small rolling pin, gently roll the pizza dough on a lightly floured surface to an 11 inch circle. Place the dough on a floured pizza peel or flour the back of a small sheet pan and place the dough on that. In a small bowl, place the lobster pieces. Ladle two ounces of the lobster cream into the bowl. Sprinkle the dough with both cheeses. Add lobster and cream. Sprinkle shallots and garlic and some of the olive oil on top. Sprinkle with the scallion rounds. Bake on the bottom of a hot oven, dusted with semolina or flour, or on a pizza stone that has been preheated. Bake until the pizza is golden brown and crisp on the bottom., ingredients: [1 cup warm water, 12 teaspoon fresh yeast, 1 12 high gluten flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup semolina flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Additional 2 tablespoon allpurpose flour for dusting, 1 1pound lobster, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 plum tomato, cut into quarters, 3 sprigs parsley with the stalk, 4 peppercorns, 1 ounce ricotta salada, 1 ounce parmesan cheese, 2 shallots, 2 cloves garlic, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons scallions, cut in small rounds, Meat reserved from 1pound lobster], title: Bibas Own Lobster Pizza, picturelink: null}, 57975: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the squash with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast, stirring once halfway through, until the squash is just tender and golden, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven, and cover to keep warm.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, shallots, lemon zest and ginger. While whisking, slowly add the remaining 4 tablespoons of oil in a slow, steady stream until the dressing is thickened and emulsified. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, in a large mixing bowl, toss the watercress, warm squash and pomegranate seeds with the vinaigrette until coated transfer to a serving platter.nServe while the squash is still warm., ingredients: [1 12 pounds butternut squash, peeled, seeded, and cut into 1inch cubes, 7 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 2 tablespoons minced shallot about 1 small, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon grated peeled fresh ginger, 1 cup pomegranate seeds, 12 ounces about 2 bunches watercress, tough stems removed], title: Butternut Squash and Watercress Salad with Champagne Vinaigrette, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 57976: {instructions: Place all vegetables in a large mixing bowl. Add 14 cup oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Toss well making sure each vegetable gets covered with oil. Place a grill pan over medium heat. Once heated, place your vegetables on grill and cook accordingly: grill mushrooms about 5 minutes per side peppers and squash about 3 minutes per side.nOnce all the vegetables are grilled place them in a large serving bowl to slightly cool. Dice and add feta cheese, pitted olives, spinach and basil leaves. Gently toss to mix well and drizzle more oil, to taste, if necessary and serve., ingredients: [1 small orange bell pepper, seeded and quartered, 2 large Portobello mushroom caps, stemmed, sliced, 1 small summer squash, cut on bias, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, rinsed and quartered, 14 cup olive oil, plus more to taste, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup feta cheese, diced, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted, 3 cups baby spinach, 1 cup packed basil leaves], title: Spinach Salad with Grilled Mediterranean Vegetables, picturelink: 8T0HUJP.fKX57cTBS00qj6Cid7tiMV6}, 57977: {instructions: Follow the directions above for tartelette dough. After pressing in pans, set aside do not bake.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. For the filling: Combine almond paste, sugar, yolk and zest and beat by machine until smooth. Beat in butter, scrape bowl and beaters and beat in egg. Continue beating until light. Stir in flour. Arrange 2 or 3 pieces of fruit in each raw dough lined pan. Pipe on almond filling to cover. Sprinkle the sliced almonds evenly over the filling. Bake for 25 minutes or until the dough is baked through and filling is set. Cool in pans, unmold and dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 recipe cookie dough crust, above, 14 pound almond paste, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg yolk, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 12 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 egg, 3 tablespoons flour, 6 dozen 12inch friut pieces, sour cherries, raspberries, blueberries, etc..., 12 cup sliced almonds, Confectioners sugar], title: Almond Cream Fruit Tartelettes, picturelink: null}, 57978: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. To make the topping, measure the flour, polenta, sugar, salt, baking powder, and aniseeds into a food processor or a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the butter and pulseor mix on mediumlow speed until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Transfer the mixture to a bowl and make a well in the center. Pour the egg into the well and toss the egg and flour together lightly and thoroughly with you fingers until evenly mixed. The mixture will not adhere in the manner of a dough, but will clump together if pressed in your palm. Set aside until needed. To make the filling, combine all the ingredients in a large bowl and toss well until well mixed. Turn into a 2quart shallow baking dish. Sprinkle the topping over the filling in a even layer. Do not press down. Place the dish on a baking sheet to catch the drips and place in the oven. Bake until the juices are bubbling up around the topping and the top is crisp, and golden brown, about 1 hour. Serve with ice cream if desired., ingredients: [1 12 cups pastry flour, 34 cup polenta, 12 cup granulated sugar, Large pinch of salt, 1 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon aniseeds, toasted, 12 cup chilled unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 pound comice pears, 1 cup dried fruits, 1 full pint basket large, huckleberries, 2 large, ripe bananas, cut into 1inch pieces, 23 cup granulated sugar, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon aniseeds, toasted, Zest from 12 orange, Zest from 1 lemon, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Comice Pear, Dried Fruit, and Huckleberry Crostata, picturelink: null}, 57979: {instructions: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, pepper and salt in a medium bowl. Set aside.nBeat the butter and sugar in a bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and beat to combine. Add the flour mixture and beat on mediumlow speed until just incorporated. Stir in the cherries.nLay out a large piece of plastic wrap and scoop the dough on top. Using the plastic as an aide, form the dough into an even log, about 2 inches in diameter and 10 inches long. Refrigerate until very firm, at least 2 hours and up to overnight.nPosition oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nUnwrap the dough, place it on a cutting board and use a serrated knife to cut it into 14inchthick rounds. Lay the rounds on the prepared baking sheets about 1 inch apart. Dust very lightly with white pepper.nBake the cookies until just golden on the bottom and edges, about 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets 5 minutes, then carefully transfer to a rack and cool completely. Repeat with any remaining cookies, cooling the baking sheets between batches., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 34 cup dried cherries], title: White Pepper Cherry Cookies, picturelink: KQw8CrDAG87nlI042K2p.j17pjLBlj.}, 57980: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 3quart baking dish. When the water is boiling, add the elbow macaroni and cook until very al dente, several minutes shy of the package cooking time. Drain, rinse and pat dry, then put in a large bowl.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the mushrooms have given up their liquid. Increase the heat to boil away any excess liquid, about 5 minutes. Add the scallions, thyme and garlic and cook until the scallions are wilted, about 3 minutes.nSprinkle the vegetables with the flour and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 1 minute. Add the wine and cook until just absorbed. Pour in the chicken broth and halfandhalf. Bring to a simmer and season with salt, pepper and the nutmeg. Simmer until the sauce is thickened and has lost the raw flour taste, about 7 minutes. Stir in the chicken, peas and carrots, and parsley and simmer just to heat the chicken through. Off the heat, whisk in the cream cheese until smooth.nPour the chicken and sauce into the bowl with the macaroni and toss well. Spread in the prepared baking dish. In a small bowl, toss together the breadcrumbs and parmesan. Sprinkle the breadcrumb mixture over the top of the baking dish. Dot the top with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces. Bake until the casserole is very bubbly and the top is crispy and golden brown, about 25 minutes. Let sit 10 minutes before serving.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus more for the baking dish, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, thickly sliced, Freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch scallions white and light green parts only, chopped about 1 cup, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup halfandhalf, Generous pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 3 cups chopped rotisserie chicken, skin and bones removed or use leftover cooked chicken or turkey, 1 12 cups frozen peas and carrots, thawed 8 ounces, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 4 ounces cream cheese, cut into chunks and softened, 14 cup breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: OneDish Chicken Macaroni Casserole, picturelink: null}, 57981: {instructions: Whisk the grated zest and juice of 1 orange, 1 teaspoon honey and 12 cup olive oil in a bowl. Add 12 cups watercress andor arugula, 3 sliced oranges, 23 cup toasted walnuts and 14 cup finely sliced fennel and toss.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spring Greens with Oranges, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 57982: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the puff pastry into a 12inch square, then cut into 4 equal squares. Slightly fold and pinch the edges of each square to form 4 round tart shells. Transfer to the prepared baking sheets and prick all over with a fork. Bake until golden, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a medium skillet over medium heat, turning, until crisp, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain, then crumble.nLet the tart shells cool slightly on the baking sheets. If the centers are very puffy, prick with a fork to deflate. Sprinkle evenly with the havarti and parmesan. Make a shallow well in the cheese in the center of each tart and crack an egg into each season with salt and pepper. Top with the bacon, then return to the oven and bake until the egg whites are set, 10 to 15 minutes. Top with chives.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 sheet frozen puff pastry half of a 17to18ounce package, thawed, 2 strips bacon, 1 12 cups shredded havarti cheese, 3 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh chives, for topping], title: Breakfast in Bread, picturelink: O8w2UBgMf98HcQ7ctZLSHmZjFO3TeK}, 57983: {instructions: Soak the raisins in the port wine at least 1 hour or, preferably, overnight. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a saute pan, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil. When hot, saute the chicken breasts on one side until golden brown. Turn the chicken over and transfer to an ovenproof dish. Bake for 10 minutes. In the meantime, in the saute pan, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add the shallots and sweat them for 2 minutes. Add the mushrooms and saute them for 2 minutes. Add the vinegar and reduce until almost dry. Stir in the raisins and their soaking liquid. Cook until the liquid is reduced by half. Add the cream or evaporated milk, nutmeg, and cornstarch mixture. Cook for 2 more minutes, but do not bring to a boil. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Spoon the sauce onto serving plates, set a chicken breast on top, and garnish with fresh herbs., ingredients: [12 cup dark raisins, 1 cup port wine, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided, 4 breasts of chicken, 2 shallots, diced, 14 pound fresh mushrooms, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 cup heavy cream, or evaporated milk, 14 teaspoon grated fresh nutmeg, 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon water, Salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste, Fresh herbs for garnish], title: Chicken Breast in a Port and Raisin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57984: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the juices, oil, onions, citrus fruits, chives and cilantro. Add the snapper, cover and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight. Using two skewers thread pieces of snapper, alternating with onion, citrus sections and mangoes. Preheat grill. Grill on each side for 1 minute. to obtain grill marks and slightly heat through, ingredients: [1 cup fresh orange juice, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 1 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup canola oil, 2 red onions, quartered and each quarter cut in half, 1 orange peeled and sectioned, 1 lemon peeled and sectioned, 1 lime peeled and sectioned, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, 14 cup cilantro, 2 pounds red snapper, cut into 1inch cubes, 16 long wooden skewers, soaked in water for 2 hours, 2 mangoes, cut into 1inch cubes], title: Red Snapper Skewered Grilled Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 57985: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nSprinkle the cavity of the salmon with salt, pepper and lemon juice. Wrap the salmon in foil and bake for approximately 15 minutes per pound. Serve with bearnaise sauce and peas., ingredients: [3 to 4 pound whole salmon, cleaned, head and tail intact, 1 lemon, Salt and pepper, Bearnaise sauce, recipe follows, Peas], title: Saras Whole Baked Salmon, picturelink: null}, 57986: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin tins with paper liners.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. In a large measuring cup, combine the buttermilk, food coloring, vinegar, and vanilla.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter and sugar on medium speed for 1 minute, until light. Add the eggs, one at a time, and beat until combined. With the mixer on low speed, add the dry ingredients and the wet ingredients alternately in 3 parts, beginning and ending with the dry ingredients, and mix until combined. Stir with a rubber spatula to be sure the batter is mixed.nScoop the batter into the muffin cups with a 2 14inch ice cream scoop or large spoon. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the centers comes out clean. Cool completely in the pans and frost the cupcakes with Red Velvet Frosting.nPlace the cream cheese, butter, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and mix on medium speed just until combined. Dont whip Add the sugar and mix until smooth., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, such as Pernigotti, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup buttermilk, shaken, 1 tablespoon liquid red food coloring, 1 teaspoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, Red Velvet Frosting, recipe follows, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 12 cups sifted confectioners sugar 34 pound], title: Red Velvet Cupcakes, picturelink: QeAyk3R9jCMT3EaKyzEwmCVcyHdLdJW}, 57987: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the soy sauce and the fish sauce, then add in the shrimp. Cover the bowl and allow to marinate, in the refrigerator, while preparing sweet potatoes.nPeel and grate sweet potatoes. With hands, squeeze excess moisture from potato if necessary. In a large bowl, combine the sweet potatoes and the remaining ingredients, except the flour, mixing well. Stir in the flour and mix to combine.nRemove the shrimp from the marinade to a cutting board, then chop and fold into the sweet potato mixture.nIn a large heavy bottomed skillet, over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of the peanut oil. Form cakes, as flat as possible and carefully add first batch to pan. Fry for 1 12 to 2 minutes on the first side and 1 minute on the second side. Remove to a serving platter and season with salt. Add remaining oil to the pan and cook the second batch. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 34 pound 4150 count shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 large sweet potatoes about 3 cups grated, 12 cup minced scallions, 14 cup minced shallots, 1 tablespoon minced serrano pepper, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup peanut oil, for frying], title: Sweet Potato Shrimp Cakes, picturelink: null}, 57988: {instructions: Getting its inspiration from classic caprese salad, this sandwich showcases the fresh flavors of basil, tomato and mozzarella cheese.n1. In small bowl toss together basil leaves and vinegar. Set aside.n2. Microcook veggie patty according to package directions, except after turning patty place mozzarella slices on top. Continue microcooking according to package directions.n3. Top roll bottom with veggie patty, basil leaves and tomato. Lightly sprinkle with pepper if desired. Add roll top.nPreheat grillnUse a food thermometer to be sure patties reach minimum internal temperature of 160 degrees F., ingredients: [13 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 Morningstar Farmsu00ae Garden Veggie Pattiesu2122 Veggie Burger, 12 ounce fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced, 1 Italian roll or hamburger bun, split about 1 12 oz., 1 thin tomato slice, Coarsely ground black pepper optional], title: Caprese Burger, picturelink: M4iLvTTUvsmE8Rtn7O00SjGv12iXwQS}, 57989: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a shaker with ice.nShake well. Strain into martini glass. Garnish with thin apple slices and a caramel rim., ingredients: [2 oz. Smirnoffu00ae Kissed Caramel Flavored Vodka, 1.5 oz. apple juice, 0.25 oz. lemon juice, 0.25 oz. simple syrup], title: Smirnoffandreg Kissed Caramel Appletini, picturelink: FhddE4CTXKtRWwCZ4HNS8FwVnLMxzeq}, 57990: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: In a large pot, cover the chicken with water and add 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Bring to a boil and let simmer until cooked through, about 40 minutes. Let cool, then remove the chicken meat from the bones. Add the shredded chicken back to the broth and reserve.nFor the dumplings: Add the flour, baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt to a mixing bowl and mix well. Add the milk and egg and mix well with a fork. Bring the reserved chicken broth to a simmer. Drop the dough into the broth by the spoonful and simmer, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes. Add some roux and cook until the broth has thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Serve the chicken n dumplings covered with gravy., ingredients: [One 3 to 4pound chicken, cut into pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, Butterflour roux, 5050, Gravy, for serving], title: OldFashioned Chicken n Dumplings, picturelink: AHXOdFAeLOlgjpoO3WIbJTeSmzagqzq}, 57991: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a blender or food processor with the cilantro and parsley leaves. Add the cumin, salt, cayenne, garlic and lime juice. Put the lid on the blender, then remove the center piece. With the blender on low, drizzle in the olive oil. Blend until pureed and somewhat smooth. Serve with grilled steak or other meat., ingredients: [1 large bunch fresh cilantro, stems removed, 12 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, stems removed, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cloves garlic, Juice of 3 limes, 12 cup olive oil], title: Chimichurri Sauce, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 57992: {instructions: Make the compote. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, garlic, jalapeno, and celery, season with pepper, and cook, stirring, until soft and fragrant, about 4 minutes. Add the tomatoes, olives, and capers and cook, stirring, until hot, about 2 minutes more.nRemove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and parsley. Set aside covered with foil to keep warm.nPlace a rack 5 inches from the broiler element and preheat.nPrepare the fish. Using a sharp knife, slash the bluefish skin to form crosshatch marks. Transfer the fillets to a foillined baking sheet and brush all over with the oil. Season with salt and generously with pepper. Broil the fish skinside down, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. If the skin comes loose during cooking, you may remove and discard it.nUsing a metal spatula, transfer the fillets to 4 warmed plates and top with the compote. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 7 cloves garlic, minced, 12 to 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped celery with leaves, 1 pound vine ripened plum or round tomatoes, halved, seeds squeezed out, and diced, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and roughly chopped, 2 tablespoons capers, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, Four 8ounce centercut bluefish fillets, skinon, 2 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Broiled Bluefish with Tomato, Olive, and Caper Compote, picturelink: null}, 57993: {instructions: SPRAY bottom only of 10inch springform pan with nostick cooking spray. Mix graham cracker crumbs, toffee bits, brown sugar and 14 cup melted butter in medium bowl with fork until crumbs are coated. Press in bottom of buttered pan.nHEAT heavy cream in 1quart saucepan over mediumlow heat until hot. Stir in coffee. With wire whisk, stir in chocolate chips until smooth. Remove from heat. Place 14 cup chocolate mixture in small microwavesafe bowl set aside for drizzle. Pour and carefully spread remaining chocolate mixture over crust. Freeze 20 minutes.nHEAT oven to 325 degrees F. Mix brownie mix, 6 tablespoons melted butter and water in large bowl beat 50 strokes with spoon mixture will be thick. In small bowl, beat egg whites with electric mixer on high speed 1 to 2 minutes or until soft peaks form. Add to brownie mixture beat with electric mixer on low speed just until blended, about 30 seconds batter will appear lumpy.nREMOVE crust from freezer. Spread batter over chocolate layer. Sprinkle almonds evenly over top.nBAKE 45 to 60 minutes or until center is puffed and set and edges are firm middle will be soft. DO NOT OVERBAKE. Cool on wire rack 2 hours.nRUN knife around side of pan remove side. Microwave reserved chocolate mixture on HIGH 100 power 10 to 15 seconds until desired drizzling consistency drizzle over torte. To serve at room temperature, cool an additional hour. Or refrigerate until serving time. Top individual servings with unsweetened whipped cream, if desired.nTip: To toast chopped almonds, spread on cookie sheet bake at 325 degrees F. for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring once, until light golden brown., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Butter NoStick Cooking Spray, CRUST:, 1 14 cups graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup almond toffee bits, 1 tbsp. brown sugar, 14 cup butter, melted, CHOCOLATE LAYER:, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 tbsp. strong brewed FOLGERSu00ae, 1 cup 6 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, FILLING:, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Classic Traditional Fudge Brownie, 6 tbsps. butter, melted, 3 tbsps. water, 3 large egg whites, 12 cup chopped slivered almonds, toasted, TOPPING:, Unsweetened whipped cream optional], title: Brownie Ganache Torte, picturelink: null}, 57994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: If desired, a quarter of the wholewheat flour can be substituted with lentil flour for a denser, stronger flavored cookienPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and allspice.nIn the bowl of a standmixer with a whisk attachment, cream together the sugar and butter on medium speed. Add the egg and mix until just incorporated. Add the vanilla and lentil puree and mix until combined. Add the flour mixture and blend on low speed until just combined. Remove the bowl from the mixer and stir in the oats, dried fruit and coconut.nForm the dough into balls about 2 teaspoons in size and place on a baking sheet with parchment paper, leaving about 1inch of room in between. Bake for 15 to 17 minutes, or until an internal temperature of 195 degrees F is reached on an instantread thermometer.nIn a small pot over medium heat, combine the lentils and the water. Bring to a simmer, cover, and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes, or until lentils are tender. Remove from the heat and puree. If using immediately, let cool. The puree may be stored in the refrigerator for 3 to 4 days or in the freezer for 2 to 3 months.nYield: 1 12 cups lentil puree, ingredients: [9 12 ounces wholewheat pastry flour, approximately 2 cups, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 8 ounces sugar, approximately 1 cup, 6 ounces unsalted butter, room temperature, approximately 34 cup, 1 egg, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 12 cups lentil puree, recipe follows, 3 12 ounces rolled oats, approximately 1 cup, 4 ounces dried fruit, approximately 1 cup, 2 14 ounces unsweetened dried shredded coconut, approximately 1 cup, 4 ounces lentils, approximately 23 cup, picked over and rinsed, 2 cups water], title: Lentil Cookies, picturelink: 0uS20vNcYSxfphxgMDE0wPCEuT1.fNa}, 57995: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon set aside. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings. Add the onion to the skillet saute until soft, about 8 minutes. Let cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine the bacon, onion, beef, panko, cheese, eggs, 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce and the parsley in a large bowl season with salt and pepper and mix with your hands until just combined.nSpray a 12cup muffin pan with cooking spray. Pat the meat into each muffin cup to just below the top. Spread 12 tablespoon barbecue sauce on each. Bake until cooked through, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool in the pan.nMeanwhile, butter the buns and toast cutside down in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sandwich the meatloaves on the buns top with pickles and serve with extra barbecue sauce.nPhotography by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 pound bacon, chopped, 12 yellow onion, minced, 1 pound ground beef sirloin, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Cooking spray, Salted butter, for the buns, 1 cup grated aged cheddar cheese, 2 large eggs, beaten, 12 cup barbecue sauce, plus more for serving, 12 slider buns, split, Sliced dill pickles, for topping], title: Barbecue Baconloaf Buns, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 57996: {instructions: Mix the mayonnaise and mustard in a small bowl and spread evenly on the inside of the bread slices. Layer on half of the cheese, the ham, pork, Quick Garlic Pickles and the remaining cheese. Cover with another slice of bread and butter the outside top and bottom of the sandwich.nHeat a castiron skillet to mediumhigh heat and place the sandwiches in the pan. Top with a second castiron skillet to weigh the sandwiches down. After 2 minutes, turn down the heat to medium low, flip the sandwiches and weigh down again with the second skillet. Check the sandwiches after 1 more minute, and remove when golden brown and the cheese has melted.nIngredients and DirectionsnPlace the cucumber slices in a medium bowl. Heat 34 cup water in a small saucepan with the vinegar, onions, salt, sugar, red pepper flakes and garlic, and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Boil 1 to 2 minutes, stirring. Remove from the heat and pour over the cucumbers and stir to coat the slices well. Place in the refrigerator for at least 15 minutes and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 large wide loaf French bread not baguette, halved lengthwise and quartered into 8 small slices, 8 slices Swiss cheese, 4 to 6 slices delistyle ham, 5 to 6 ounces thinly sliced pork roast, chop or pulled, Quick Garlic Pickles, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 large cucumber, peeled and sliced thinly, 14 cup white vinegar, 3 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, minced], title: Cubano, picturelink: nsv2B3cRLIBHATlOw8JaXsuHUci4ine}, 57997: {instructions: With a swivelblade vegetable peeler, remove the outer skin of the daikon. Discard the skin. Continue to peel down the length of the vegetable, removing the daikon in long, narrow ribbons, which look like noodles. Soak the fettuccine in a bowl of cold salted water for 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the tomatobasil sauce: Drain the tomatoes, reserving half of the juice. Squeeze the tomatoes through your fingers to mash them and combine with the juice there will be about 2 cups.nIn a heavy medium saucepan, heat the oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute until softened but not browned, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and their reserved juice, the sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt. Boil vigorously, stirring often, until the sauce is thick, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the basil and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDrain the noodles and dry them on a kitchen towel. Add to the sauce and toss gently over medium heat, taking care not to break the Daikon Fettuccine. Cook just until heated through, about 1 minute.nDivide among individual plates, teasing the fettuccine into mounds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound daikon, Salt, 1 14 12ounce can plum tomatoes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 12 to 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Daikon Fettuccine with TomatoBasil Sauce, picturelink: null}, 57998: {instructions: In a large pitcher mix the ice, Campari, sweet vermouth, dry vermouth, orange juice, and bitters.nRub the inside of 8 martini glasses with an orange slice. Pour the drink into the glasses and garnish each glass with an orange slice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 cups ice, 2 cups Campari, 1 cup Italian sweet vermouth, 1 cup Italian dry vermouth, 2 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 teaspoon aromatic bitters recommended: Angostura, 8 thin orange slices], title: Homemade Aperitivo, picturelink: null}, 57999: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl until evenly combined. Combine the butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the vanilla, then add the eggs and yolks 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add the flour mixture and beat on low until the dough just comes together. Add the chocolate candies, oats, pretzels, peppermint puffs and white chocolate chips and stir with a large spoon until evenly mixed.nScoop eight 13cup portions of dough, roll into balls and divide between 2 baking sheets, spacing the cookies evenly apart. Press the dough balls into thick disks with the palm of your hand. Bake, rotating the baking sheets top to bottom and front to back halfway through, until the cookies are golden brown at the edges and barely brown in the very middle, 18 to 20 minutes. Cool the cookies on the baking sheets for 1 minute, then transfer them to a wire rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 2 cups mixed red and green candycoated chocolates, such as M and Ms, 2 cups rolled oats, 2 cups roughly chopped pretzel rods, 1 13 cups chopped peppermint puffs, 1 13 cups white chocolate chips], title: Holiday Monster Cookies, picturelink: cvlfczV657VBhDfnpjuspjSInsg3LUC}, 58000: {instructions: Divide the sliced bananas among the four glasses, smash slightly and fill each glass with 34 cup of milk. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nCombine the broccoli and 1 tablespoon water in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until crisptender, about 2 minutes. Let rest for a few minutes, carefully remove the plastic and drain.nTear up one slice of bread into small pieces and soak in the remaining 13 cup milk in a large bowl until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the broccoli, cheese, basil, eggs, 12 teaspoon salt and some pepper. Heat half of the oil in a medium nonstick pan over medium heat. Pour in the egg mixture and cook until the bottom begins to set, about 2 minutes. Adjust the heat to mediumlow, cover and continue to cook until the middle is set, 6 to 7 minutes more.nMeanwhile, toast the remaining bread, then rub each slice with garlic and top with a slice of tomato. Drizzle the toast with the remaining 12 tablespoon oil.nCut the frittata into four slices and divide among four plates along with the tomato toast. Serve with the banana milk., ingredients: [2 ripe bananas, sliced, 3 cups plus 13 cup reducedfat milk, 2 cups broccoli florets, 5 slices whole wheat bread, 13 cup shredded lowfat Swiss, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, 2 large eggs plus 2 large egg whites, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, halved, 1 ripe tomato, cut into 4 slices], title: Broccoli Frittata with Tomato Toast and Banana Milk, picturelink: 47OU6SQLbZQ6aDOiFQ81oJonoFUJvGq}, 58001: {instructions: In the pitcher of a blender add the papaya, almond milk, honey, lemon juice and ice cubes, and blend until smooth. Pour into glasses and serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups diced papaya, 1 14 cups almond milk, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 4 whole ice cubes], title: PapayaAlmond Milk Stressbuster Smoothie, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 58002: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix together chopped cilantro, olive oil, minced garlic, 14 teaspoon of the salt and 18 teaspoon of the pepper set aside.nIn medium bowl, mix together brown sugar, mustard, hoisin sauce and vinegar. Reserve 23 of this mixture. To remainder, add 12 cup lime juice and stir in chicken cover and refrigerate.nPlace sweet potatoes in a heavy saucepan and cover with boiling water. Cook, covered, over mediumhigh heat until tender, about 15 minutes. Reserve 14 cup cooking liquid, then drain potatoes in colander. Return potatoes to reserved cooking water and add butter, chipotle pepper, adobo sauce, remaining 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, cumin, lime zest, remaining 14 teaspoon salt and remaining 18 teaspoon pepper. Mash potatoes.nPreheat the broiler. Thread chicken on 8 bamboo skewers that have been soaked in water for 30 minutes. Broil about 6 inches from heat, basting with reserved mahogany sauce until done, about 8 minutes. To serve, divide potatoes among 4 plates top each with 2 skewers of chicken and drizzle with cilantro chimichurri sauce. Garnish with cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [1 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 large cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon salt, divided, 14 teaspoon pepper, divided, 5 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons bottled hoisin sauce, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup plus 1 12 teaspoons lime juice, divided, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast halves, cut in 1inch cubes, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut in 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon chopped canned chipotle pepper, 1 teaspoon adobo sauce from canned chipotle, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon lime zest, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Mahogany Broiled Chicken with Smoky Lime Sweet Potatoes and Cilantro Chimichurri, picturelink: XDJcKHy8Q4ulahbRWo90ydzV51EbUC}, 58003: {instructions: Place a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Generously grease two 9inch round cake pans with solid vegetable shortening, then dust with flour. Shake out the excess flour. Set the pans aside.nPlace the cake mix, milk, melted butter, eggs, and vanilla extract in a large mixing bowl. Blend with an electric mixer on low speed for 1 minutes. Stop the machine and scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Increase the mixer speed to medium and beat 2 minutes more, scraping the sides down again if needed. The batter should look well blended. Divide the batter between the prepared pans, smoothing it out with the rubber spatula. Place the pans in the oven side by side.nBake the cakes until they are golden brown and spring back when lightly pressed with your finger, 27 to 29 minutes. Remove the pans from the oven and place them on wire racks to cool for 10 minutes. Run a dinner knife around the edge of each layer and invert each onto a rack, then invert them again onto another rack to that the cakes are right side up. Allow them to cool completely, 30 minutes more.nMeanwhile, prepare the Quick Caramel Frosting.nPlace one cake layer, right side up, on a serving platter. Spread the top with the warm frosting. Place the second layer, right side up, on top of the first layer and frost the top and sides of the cake with clean, smooth strokes. Work quickly, as the frosting will set. If the frosting gets too hard to work with, place the pan back over low heat for 1 minute, stirring constantly, to soften it up. Once the frosting has set, slice and serve.nStore this cake, covered in plastic wrap or aluminum foil, at room temperature for up to 1 week or freeze, wrapped in foil, for up to 6 months. Thaw the cake overnight on the counter before serving.nPlace the butter and brown sugars in a mediumsize heavy saucepan over medium heat. Stir and cook until the mixture comes to a boil, about 2 minutes. Add the milk, stir, and bring the mixture back to a boil, then remove the pan from the heat. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla. Beat with a wooden spoon until the frosting is smooth.nUse immediately while still warm to frost the cake of your choice or the frosting will harden. If it does harden while you are frosting the cake, simply place the pan back over low heat and stir until the frosting softens up.nMakes 3 cups, enough to frost a 2 or 3layer cake, ingredients: [Solid vegetable shortening for greasing the pans, Flour for dusting the pans, 1 package 18.25 ounces plain white cake mix, 1 cup whole milk, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, melted, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Quick Caramel Frosting see below, Quick Caramel Frosting, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup whole milk, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Caramel Cake, picturelink: null}, 58004: {instructions: Place beans in a small saucepan and cover with a generous amount of water. Bring to a boil and cook, covered, until beans are tender, about 1 hour. Drain and reserve. To test a bean for doneness, choose a small one. Smaller beans take longer to cook because of their dense centers. The bean should taste creamy, rather than powdery, inside.nMake Pesto by pureeing garlic, olive oil, and a few basil leaves in a blender. Gradually add remaining leaves until all are pureed. Transfer to a small bowl, add grated cheese, and stir. Set aside.Cut each vegetable into even 12inch dice and set aside. To avoid discoloration, reserve potatoes in a bowl of cold water.nBring chicken stock to a boil in a large stockpot. Add white beans, potatoes, carrot, and onion. Return to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, 15 minutes. Add remaining vegetables and bring back to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook an additional 10 minutes, uncovered. Season to taste. Serve soup with a dollop of pesto in each bowl., ingredients: [13 cup dry white beans navy or Great Northern, washed, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 bunch fresh basil, leaves only, 1 cup 4 ounces freshly grated Gruyere or Parmesan cheese, 2 small red potatoes, with skins, 1 large carrot, peeled, 1 small onion, 1 small zucchini, with skin, 1 small yellow crookneck squash, with skin, 1 stalk of celery, peeled, 1 large tomato, peeled, and seeded, 14 pound green beans, 8 cups chicken stock or canned broth, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste], title: Soupe au Pistou, picturelink: null}, 58005: {instructions: 1. Combine Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, cheese and herbs in medium bowl.n2. Arrange burgers on buns, then top with mayonnaise mixture. Serve, if desired, with sliced tomatoes, lettuce, onion, pickles or our special condiments listed below.nFor AVOCADO RELISH, combine 2 diced ripe avocados, 12 small onion, finely diced, 1 finely chopped jalapeno or serrano chili, juice of 1 lime, 3 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, salt and pepper to taste.nFor CHIPOTLE KETCHUP, combine 1 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle chili in adobo sauce and 14 teaspoon salt.nFor GREEN CHILIPICKLE RELISH, combine 3 finely chopped grilled, peeled and seeded poblano chilis, 3 finely diced kosher pickles, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 3 tablespoons each: fresh lime juice, chopped fresh cilantro and Bertolli Extra Virgin Olive Oil and 2 tablespoons honey., ingredients: [1 cup Hellmannsu00ae or Best Foodsu00ae Real Mayonnaise, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese or goat cheese, 2 Tbsp. chopped fresh herbs thyme, parsley, chives andor basil, 4 hamburgers, cooked to desired doneness, 4 hamburger buns], title: Burger Bar, picturelink: null}, 58006: {instructions: For the cornbread: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the cornmeal mix, buttermilk a little at a time, flour, egg and baking soda in a bowl. Heat a castiron skillet, add the bacon grease and once the grease is hot, transfer 2 tablespoons of the grease from the skillet to the cornbread mixture. Mix the grease into the cornbread mixture and pour the cornbread mixture into the sizzling hot skillet. Bake until you cant see a finger print in the top of the bread when you lightly press it, about 20 minutes. Cool, cube into 8 cups, and toast.nFor the dressing: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. To cook the rice, combine 2 cups of the stock, 2 cups water and rice in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a simmer, cover and cook until the rice is tender, about 1 hour. Drain the rice and transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, melt the butter and let brown slightly in a large pan. Add the corn, onions, celery, red peppers, garlic and a pinch salt and sweat the vegetables until tender. Add the ham and pine nuts and cook over low heat, about 2 minutes. Set aside to slightly cool.nWhisk together the remaining 3 cups stock, cream, parsley and eggs and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Combine the rice, vegetableham mixture, stockcream mixture and Sherlas Cornbread in a 4quart lasagna pan and cook, covered, about 30 minutes. Uncover the pan and cook until crusty, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups selfrising cornmeal mix, such as Aunt Jemima, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons selfrising flour, 1 egg, Pinch baking soda, 3 tablespoons bacon grease, 5 cups chicken stock, 1 cup wild rice, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 cups fresh corn kernels, 2 cups chopped yellow onions, 1 cup chopped celery, 1 cup diced red pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, Salt, 8 ounces diced, smoked ham, 1 cup pine nuts, toasted, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 eggs, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Cornbread and Wild Rice Dressing with Pine Nuts and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 58007: {instructions: In a bowl combine flour and sugar. Cut in butter into the flour and sugar until mixture resembles crumbs. Remove 12 cup of the crumb mixture and set asidenTo larger part of crumb mixture add egg and molasses.nBlend in 34 cup boiling water.nDissolve soda in remaining 14 cup water and add last.nPour into pie shell. Sprinkle with 14 cup reserved crumbs.nBake at 425 degrees for 15 minutes. Add remaining crumbs and bake 4045 minutes.nGarnish with whipped cream, ingredients: [1 cup flour, 34 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 egg, 1 cup molasses, 1 cup boiling water, 1 teaspoons baking soda, 1 9inch pie shell, Garnish: Whipped cream], title: Shoofly Pie, picturelink: null}, 58008: {instructions: Combine the raspberries and agave in a bowl. Macerate at room temperature for 30 minutes.nPut the macerated raspberries, peaches, 4 cups cold water, lime juice and vanilla in a blender. Blend until smooth. Strain the mixture into a pitcher and add more agave if needed. Cover the pitcher and let chill for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [1 pint fresh raspberries, picked over and rinsed, 2 tablespoons agave nectar, or more depending on sweetness of fruit, 6 large overly ripe peaches, halved and pitted, Juice of 1 lime, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Raspberry Peach Aqua Fresca, picturelink: VtApbOu4RN9HLCZqd3q6PXGGY363lq}, 58009: {instructions: Preheat a charcoal or gas grill to high.nPut the potatoes in a 2quart pot. Add enough water to cover the potatoes by 2 inches and enough salt to make the water taste like seawater. Add the garlic and bay leaves.nBring the potatoes to a boil and then cook at a gentle simmer until they test tender when poked with a thin fork, 15 to 20 minutes, though it depends on the size and age of the potatoes. Drain the contents of the pot into a sieve set over a heavy bowl, filling the bowl with the hot water just to warm it. Throw out the water, drop the potatoes in the bowl and cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap to keep the potatoes warm.nAs the potatoes cook, toss the onions with a little canola oil and salt and pepper and grill over mediumhigh heat until charred and soft. On the same grill, heat a castiron pan. Add the butter and cook until it browns. Remove from the heat, add the rosemary and give the pan a shake the butter will foam. When it stops sizzling, add the onions to the butter and cook over low heat until they are very tender and the butter has taken on a pronounced oniony flavor.nRemove the spent rosemary sprigs. Pour the butter and onion mixture over the warm cooked potatoes and serve right away., ingredients: [1 12 pounds fresh small potatoes, Salt, 4 cloves garlic, 3 dried bay leaves, 12 ounces cipollini or spring onions, peeled and halved crosswise, Canola oil, for grilling onions, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 4 ounces butter, 1 sprig fresh rosemary], title: New Potatoes with Grilled Onion Butter, picturelink: hz5cJWba2BBZMIilGC7IEmUZ2FVzjV6}, 58010: {instructions: Heat an oiled, well seasoned, ridged grill pan over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and grill onion slices, turning, until golden, about 2 minutes each side. Transfer onions to a plate and season with salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees.nHave ready in 3 separate shallow bowls, seasoned flour, egg, and cornmeal. Dredge mushrooms in flour, shaking off excess, and coat with egg, letting excess drip off. Dredge mushrooms in cornmeal, shaking off excess. In a 10inch heavy skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute mushrooms, turning, until golden, about 2 minutes each side. Transfer mushrooms as cooked to a baking sheet, stem sides up.nAssemble pizzas:nSpread about 14 cup spaghetti sauce on each mushroom and divide Fontina, and onion among mushrooms. Sprinkle Pecorino Romano on top of pizzas and bake in middle of oven 7 to 8 minutes, or until cheeses are melted. Spread about 3 tablespoons warm sauce on each 2 plates and top with a pizza. Garnish pizzas with additional Pecorino and serve., ingredients: [1 medium red onion, cut into 12inch thick slices, 14 cup all purpose flour, seasoned with salt and pepper, 1 large egg, beaten lightly with 2 teaspoons water, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 2 large Portobello mushrooms, about 1 pound, stems discarded, 14 cup olive oil, 34 cup spaghetti sauce, warmed, 12 cup coarsely grated Italian Fontina cheese, 14 cup freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese plus additional for garnish], title: Portobello Mushroom Pizzas, picturelink: null}, 58011: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix together the soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce and lime juice in a large bowl. Peel and quarter the onions, leaving the root end intact so the onions dont fall apart while cooking.nCut six 6inch squares of aluminum foil. Put 1 piece of foil on a medium bowl and top with another piece of foil for doublewrapping. Place 2 chiles in the center of each piece of foil and top each chile with the cut onion. Fold up the foil of each packet to form a cup. Pour 13 of marinade on top of onions and chiles. Enclose the onions tightly with foil and transfer to a rimmed baking sheet, making sure the opening is on the top. Repeat with the remaining onions, chiles and marinade.nRoast until the onions are caramelized and the chiles are tender, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool for 10 minutes. Open the packages slightly before serving., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup Worcestershire sauce, 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 large white onions, 12 yellow chiles guero chiles], title: FoilWrapped Onions, picturelink: TI9eiUCvF9i7XeC9Ml1.adVTsis9mW}, 58012: {instructions: Bring a skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat on the stove. Add bell peppers, onion, and chiles and, stirring occasionally, cook until onion is mostly translucent, about 3 minutes.nAdd chicken and cook and stir until hot, about 2 minutes.nPlace lettuce in a bowl and top with black beans and chickenveggie mixture. Sprinkle with cheese, and then top or serve with pico de gallo and sour cream. EnjoynPER SERVING entire bowl: 264 calories, 2g fat, 714mg sodium, 22.5g carbs, 5g fiber, 7g sugars, 39g protein, ingredients: [13 cup sliced green and red bell peppers, 14 cup sliced onion, 1 tablespoon canned diced green chiles, 3 ounces cooked and chopped skinless lean chicken breast, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, 14 cup canned black beans, drained and rinsed, 14 cup shredded fatfree Cheddar cheese, 2 tablespoons pico de gallo, 1 tablespoon fatfree sour cream], title: Bursting Burrito Bowl, picturelink: null}, 58013: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine a baking sheet with waxed paper.nAdd the cream cheese, Roquefort and heavy cream to a medium bowl. Using an electric hand mixer, mix to combine. Put the pecans in a shallow baking dish.nDrop the grapes about 3 at a time into the cheese mixture and cover the grapes completely with it. Roll in the chopped pecans and place on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour., ingredients: [One 8ounce package cream cheese, 2 ounces Roquefort cheese, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 cups toasted pecans, chopped, 20 red seedless grapes], title: RoquefortRolled Grapes, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 58014: {instructions: In a large stockpot over high heat, add olive oil and slowly cook onions and garlic until soft and translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the basil, parsley, oregano, thyme and black pepper. Season with salt. Add dry red pepper, if desired. Add canned tomatoes and tomato sauce and bring to a boil. Add stock and wine and reduce heat to a simmer.nAbout 15 to 20 minutes before serving, start to add seafood. Add the crabs as they will take about 15 to 18 minutes to cook. About 3 to 5 minutes after the crabs are added, add the clams andor mussels. About 10 minutes later, add the prawns. After 2 minutes, add the scallops and fish fillets and cook for 3 minutes, or until the clams andor mussels open. Discard any unopened shellfish.nServe in bowls with bread., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 cups chopped yellow onion, 3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt, 1 teaspoon dry red pepper, optional, 1 28ounce can Italian tomatoes, 1 8ounce can tomato sauce, 2 quarts fish stock, 1 12 cups dry white wine, 2 large raw Dungeness crabs, cracked, 2 pounds clams andor mussels, 1 pound raw prawns shell optional, 1 pound raw scallops, 1 to 1 12 cubed fish fillets rock cod, halibut, snapper, etc.], title: Crab and Seafood Cioppino, picturelink: null}, 58015: {instructions: Put the chicken, half of the green jalapeno, half of the garlic, the allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Mix with your hands and form into four 12inchthick oval patties. Put the patties on a plate, cover and refrigerate until ready to cook.nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add half of the red onion, the remaining green jalapeno and garlic, and the turmeric and cook 1 minute. Add the rice, 14 teaspoon salt and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil, stir and reduce the heat to medium low cover and simmer until the rice is tender, about 15 minutes. Add the peas but dont stir cover and set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the patties and cook until firm, about 4 minutes per side. Toss the pineapple, cilantro, red jalapeno, and the remaining red onion and 12 tablespoon vegetable oil in a bowl. Season with salt.nStir the rice and peas and season with salt and pepper. Serve with the patties and pineapple salsa.nPer serving: Calories: 517 Total Fat: 21 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Protein: 29 grams Total carbohydrates: 56 grams Sugar: 0 grams Fiber: 4 grams Cholesterol: 94 milligrams Sodium: 349 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14 pounds ground chicken, 2 small jalapeno peppers 1 green, 1 red, seeded and minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 small red onion, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 1 12 cups diced pineapple, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Tropical Chicken Patties, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 58016: {instructions: For the steak: In a medium bowl, whisk together the hoisin sauce and vinegar. Add the flank steak and marinate for 30 minutes.nFor the spicy slaw: Mix the mayonnaise and Sriracha together in a small bowl. Combine the carrots, cabbage and red onions in a large bowl. Add the spicy mayonnaise and combine thoroughly. Season with salt and pepper. Chill until using.nFor the toasted baguettes: Heat a pan over mediumlow heat. Butter the baguette halves, add them to the pan and toast until golden brown. Remove the bread from the pan, but leave the pan on the heat.nAdd the flank steak to the pan and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, adding a splash of water to the pan if the sauce is too thick.nDivide the steak among the baguette bottoms, top with some spicy slaw and the baguette tops and cut in half. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 12 cups hoisin sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar or white vinegar, 1 12 pounds flank steak, sliced thin against the grain, 2 cups mayonnaise, 14 cup Sriracha sauce, 2 carrots, julienned, 1 small head cabbage, sliced in thin strips, 1 medium red onion, sliced thin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, Four 6inch French baguettes or long rolls, halved lengthwise], title: Hoisin Steak Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 58017: {instructions: Defrost the octopus by placing it in a bowl of lightly salted water in the refrigerator, until pliable or overnight. Press out the beak. Clip the eyes from the head and discard. Turn the hood inside out and discard the viscera. Wash and rinse thoroughly under cold running water.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees. Place the octopus in a deep ovenproof pan and cover, without adding water. Place in oven and cook until the octopus is bright pinkred and feels tender, turning the octopus frequently, about 1 12 hours. Drain the octopus in a colander and rinse under cold running water. Rub off the skin and discard. Shake the octopus dry, rub the flesh with the coarse salt and leave to dry on a towellined plate or baking pan in the refrigerator, covered, at least 2 hours.nCut the chilled octopus into 2inch pieces and tightly pack into a 1quart jar.nIn a small saucepan, combine the olive oil, vinegar, oregano, bay leaves, sugar, salt and pepper, and bring to a boil. Pour the liquid over the octopus in the jar. Add the lemon pulp, and if necessary pour in olive oil until the marinade covers the octopus. Cover, cool, and refrigerate overnight, or up to 1 week.nRemove jar from the refrigerator about 1 hour before serving.nPreheat a grill. Skewer the octopus pieces, reserving the marinade. Grill the octopus until browned along the edges and heated through, turning once and brushing with the reserved marinade. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 3 to 4pound frozen whole octopus, 12 cup olive oil, 34 cup red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, peeled, seeded and diced, Olive oil, 6 wooden skewers, soaked in cold water, Lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Pickled and Grilled Octopus, picturelink: null}, 58018: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the ground beef, parsley, onions, bacon bits, and salt and pepper, to taste. Thoroughly mix the ingredients together, then form the mixture into 2inch meatballs. Heat vegetable oil in a large pan and slowly add the meatballs to the hot oil. Fry the meatballs until they are browned on all sides and cooked throughout. Remove the meatballs from the pan and place them on a paper towel to drain any excess oil.nServe on a bed of broad egg noodles with stroganoff sauce.nIn a large saucepan, add chopped onions, mushrooms and chicken stock. Cook over mediumu00bfhigh heat and reduce the liquid by 12. Add cream of chicken soup to the saucepan and continue to heat. Once the sauce is heated through, stir in 1 cup of sour cream. Pour the sauce on top of the egg noodles and meatballs.nHeat olive oil and almonds in a saute pan. Add garlic, green beans and vinegar. Cook until the beans are al dente. Salt and pepper, to taste, then serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup white onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons bacon bits, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 pound egg noodles, cooked al dente, Stroganoff Sauce, recipe follows, Green Beans Almandine, recipe follows, 12 cup chopped white onion, 1 cup chopped mushrooms, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 12ounce can cream of chicken soup, 1 cup sour cream, Extra virgin olive oil, for sauteing, Sliced almonds, to taste, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound fresh green beans, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Beef Stroganoff with Green Beans Almandine, picturelink: null}, 58019: {instructions: Prepare the crust: Roll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with a fork or your fingers. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Peel and thinly slice the pears and apples and transfer to a large microwavesafe bowl add the dried fruit, honey, granulated sugar, flour, lemon zest and juice, vanilla, cinnamon and salt and toss to coat. Cover with plastic wrap and microwave until the apples and pears are tender and juicy, 5 to 7 minutes. Refrigerate until cold, 10 to 15 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Make the topping: Whisk the oats, flour, brown sugar, salt and cinnamon in a medium bowl. Using your fingers, work the butter into the oat mixture until small clumps form. Refrigerate until ready to use.nPlace the pie crust on a baking sheet. Add the filling, slightly mounding it in the center. Press the crumble topping evenly over the filling. Bake until the topping is browned and the filling is bubbling, about 1 12 hours. Tent with foil if the topping browns too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 sheet refrigerated pie dough half of a 14ounce box, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 12 pounds assorted pears such as Bosc or Bartlett, 1 12 pounds assorted apples such as Gala, Honeycrisp or Golden Delicious, 12 cup chopped assorted dried fruit such as cranberries, apricots and cherries, 12 cup honey, 14 cup granulated sugar, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup rolled oats, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces], title: PearApple Crumble Pie, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 58020: {instructions: Cut the avocado in half around the pit and remove pit. With a spoon, scoop the avocado pulp out of the skin into a medium bowl, and mash the pulp. Add all other ingredients and mix together until blended. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover surface of guacamole with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 ripe Hass avocado, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon chopped red onion, 1 small clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Salt and pepper], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 58021: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Prepare 9 by 13 inch baking pan by greasing with butter or spraying with a cooking spray such as Pam. Melt butter in a large saucepan. Over low heat add unsweetened chocolate and stir until chocolate is melted. Remove from heat, mix in sugar in saucepan. Add eggs and vanilla, stir until incorporated. Add flour, baking powder, and salt and stir just till flour is mixed in. Gently stir in white chocolate. Spread mixture in prepared pan. Bake 30 to 35 minutes just until brownies begin to pull away from the sides. Remove from oven and let cool completely. While brownies are baking, prepare ganache topping. Over low heat in a medium saucepan, bring heavy cream to the boil. Remove from heat and add chocolate chips. Let sit for a few minutes to melt chocolate. Stir until all chocolate is melted. Let mixture cool and thicken, stirring occasionally for about 20 to 30 minutes. Spread chocolate ganache over completely cooled bownies. Press chopped, toasted pecans into the ganache. Let ganache harden and then cut into squares and then into triangles. Carefully remove from pan and serve on a garnished plate. The recipes for this program, which were provided by contributors and guests who may not be professional chefs, have not been tested in the Food Networks kitchens. Therefore, the Food Network cannot attest to the accuracy of any of the recipes., ingredients: [1 cup butter, 4 squares unsweetened chocolate, 2 cups sugar, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup white chocolate chips or shaved white chocolate premium imported brand, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 2 cups premium chocolate chips, 1 to 1 12 cups chopped, toasted pecans], title: Brownie Decadence, picturelink: null}, 58022: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Set a rack on a rimmed baking sheet.nLay the pancetta slices on the rack on the baking sheet and bake until crisp, 15 to 18 minutes.nMeanwhile, set your toaster to a low setting and toast the brioche slices, they should be slightly dry but not brown.nLay 4 slices lightly toasted brioche on a work surface and cover the slices with half the cheese, followed by a slice of tomato. Season each sandwich with a pinch of salt and a healthy grind of black pepper. Top each with 2 pancetta rounds and the remaining cheese. Lay the remaining brioche slices on top and press down lightly. Butter the top of each sandwich with 12 tablespoon butter.nHeat a large griddle pan over medium heat.nMelt the remaining tablespoon butter on the griddle pan and add the sandwiches, buttered side up. Cook until the bread is golden brown and the cheese is beginning to melt. Flip the sandwiches, press lightly, and continue cooking until golden and toasty. Transfer to a cutting board and slice the sandwiches with a serrated knife, on the diagonal. Arrange on a serving platter and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 thin slices pancetta, 8 slices brioche, about 12inch thick, 4 ounces sharp white Cheddar, thinly sliced recommended: Farmhouse, 1 large heirloom tomato, cut into 4 slices, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, room temperature], title: GrownUp Farmhouse Grilled Cheese, picturelink: wolIXA.Y8mDoHnUSASbLmlVeH4g7.e}, 58023: {instructions: In a bowl with a fork mash the blue cheese and whisk in the vinegar, the oil, the Worcestershire sauce, and salt and pepper to taste, whisking until the dressing is emulsified. In a large bowl toss the spinach and the endive with the dressing until the salad is combined well., ingredients: [6 tablespoons blue cheese, 3 tablespoons redwine vinegar, or to taste, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 8 cups spinach leaves, washed well and spun dry, 2 Belgian endives, sliced thin crosswise], title: Spinach and Endive Salad with Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 58024: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chicken: Mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, hot sauce and ranch dressing mix in a large bowl. Add the shredded chicken and toss to coat.nFor the slaw: In a large mixing bowl, combine the cabbage, carrots, corn, green onions, chives and red pepper. In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, honey, Dijon, lime zest and juice, red pepper flakes, hot sauce and some salt and pepper. Slowly add the olive oil, whisking until emulsified. Add half of the dressing to the slaw and toss wellu00bfrefrigerate and reserve the remaining dressing for another use.nTo each slider bun, add a heaping portion of the pulled chicken and top with a scoop of the slaw., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup your favorite hot sauce or wing sauce, such as Tabasco Buffalo, 2 tablespoons ranch dressing mix, from packet, such as Hidden Valley, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin removed, meat pulled, One 2pound green cabbage, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 shredded carrots about 1 cup, 2 ears corn, kernels removed, quickly sauteed in a pan, 1 bunch green onions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and small diced, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons wholegrain Dijon mustard, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup olive oil, 8 slider buns, toasted], title: Pulled Chicken and Spicy Slaw, picturelink: yoHQFMjRftOrvJqJEVUUBMO21GdY5i}, 58025: {instructions: Slice the potatoes 13inch thick and put in a saucepan with 1 teaspoon of the salt, the water, and the wine. Tie the parsley stems, peppercorns, and thyme in a piece of cheesecloth and add to the pot. Bring to a boil over high heat and immediately lower the heat to maintain a gentle simmer. Cook until the potatoes are tender but not mushy, about 12 minutes. Drain discard the herb bundle and transfer the potatoes to a bowl.nWhile the potatoes are cooking make the dressing. In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, parsley, shallots, the remaining 2 teaspoons of the salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the oil to make a dressing. Toss the warm potatoes with the dressing gently so as not to break up the potatoes. Allow the salad to sit at room temperature for 1 hour to marinate, tossing several times to coat the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve at room temperature.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 pounds small red bliss potatoes, scrubbed but not peeled, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 4 cups cold water, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 parsley stems, 6 black peppercorns, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Dressing, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 14 to 13 cup chopped flatleaf parsley or a mixture of fresh herbs, 13 cup minced shallots or red onion, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Red Potato Salad, picturelink: TP6hWV8lLZSZBIY3GdaJmhki8akhjC.}, 58026: {instructions: With a meat mallet or a rolling pin, pound the turkey between sheets of plastic wrap to 18inch thickness. Season with salt and pepper and press the seasonings into the meat with your fingers.nMake the coating: Combine the bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, and pepper in a small bowl. Work in the olive oil by hand, then spread the mixture on a dinner plate. Spread the flour on another dinner plate. Break the eggs into a shallow bowl and beat lightly.nDip the turkey in the flour, coating both sides and shaking off the excess. Then dip in the egg, letting any excess drip back into the bowl. Finally, coat the turkey on both sides with the seasoned bread crumbs, pressing them into place. As each piece is coated, place it on a tray. Cover and place in the refrigerator until you are ready to fry them.nHeat a large skillet over high heat until very hot. Add olive oil to a depth of 14inch. When the oil is almost smoking, add as many turkey scallopine as the skillet will hold comfortably do not crowd the pan. Cook until the cutlets are golden on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Turn and cook on the second side about 30 seconds longer. With tongs, lift the pieces as they are done, allowing any excess oil to drain back into the skillet, and transfer to several thicknesses of paper towels. Repeat with the remaining turkey scallopine.nPlace the arugula in a large bowl. Drizzle with enough extravirgin olive oil to coat the leaves lightly. Add lemon juice and some salt and pepper. Toss, taste, and adjust the seasoning.nDivide the turkey among 4 plates, placing them in the center. Spoon a little mustard Cranberry Sauce on each side of the turkey. Mound the arugula salad on top. With a vegetable peeler, shave a little Parmesan on top of the salad. Put a lemon quarter on each plate and serve immediately.nIn a large saute pan combine the sugar and water and boil to form a syrup. Add the vanilla beans and orange zest and simmer briefly. Add the orange juice, cranberries and season with salt and pepper. Simmer until the cranberries start to pop, about 3 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add mustard. Cool to room temperature and spoon into jars., ingredients: [4 turkey breast halves, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Mustard Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 cups fine dried bread crumbs, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons minced fresh flatleaf Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon sea salt, preferably gray salt, Several grinds black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, Olive oil, for frying, 14 pound arugula about 8 cups, Extravirgin olive oil, Fresh lemon juice, Wedge Parmesan, 1 lemon, quartered, 3 cups sugar, 1 12 cups water, 2 vanilla beans, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 3 12ounce bags fresh or frozen cranberries, Gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons Dijon Mustard], title: Turkey Scallopine Milanese with Mustard Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: Lxxgh5p4WHxH9Gis61ww2DMOjbgj8xm}, 58027: {instructions: In a saucepan heat heavy cream, vanilla bean and salt and bring to a gentle boil. Meanwhile, in bowl of an electric mixer set over a pan of simmering water melt chocolate, stirring often, until smooth. Remove chocolate from heat. Strain cream mixture through a fine sieve into chocolate. Rinse vanilla beans, dry them and reserve for vanilla sugar or another use. Replace bowl in electric mixer and whip chocolate ganache mixture until cool and light in color. Cover and chill.nWhen ganache is firm, spoon up about 1 tablespoon. Place cocoa in a shallow plate and use to dust palms. Lightly and quickly roll chocolate mixture between palms to form irregularlyshaped balls. Dredge truffles in cocoa until wellcoated. Set on a foillined baking sheet while you continue to make truffles with remaining ganache. Best when served within 24 hours, or store in a cool place up to 3 days., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, halved, Pinch salt, 9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 12 cups unsweetened cocoa powder], title: Classic Chocolate Truffles, picturelink: null}, 58028: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Pour the vodka, passion fruit juice, syrup, and lime juice into the shaker. Cover and shake vigorously, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Strain cosmo into a chilled cocktail glass. Sprinkle with passion fruit seeds, if desired.nCopyright c 2005 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [Ice, 3 ounces vodka, 1 ounce passion fruit juice, 1 ounce simple syrup equal parts sugar and water heated until the sugar dissolves, then chilled, 12 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice, Passion fruit seeds optional, for garnish], title: Passionate Cosmos, picturelink: 3xRHOdapJz64f.Tt1bnyuQRZPeIT5Fi}, 58029: {instructions: Special equipment: a 12inch castiron pannFor the dough: Combine the bread flour, 00 flour, salt and yeast in a mixer with a hook attachment. Whisk together the water and honey. Turn the mixer to medium speed and slowly add the honeywater mixture and olive oil. The dough will come together when a ball is formed and pulls cleanly from the sides of the mixing bowl. If the dough is too wet, simply add a touch more flour until it pulls cleanly.nGrease the inside of a large bowl or deep container with cooking spray. Add the dough to the bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Place in a warm area until the dough doubles in size, 60 to 90 minutes. The dough can be refrigerated until ready to use, with a damp cloth over it.nFor the sauce: In a medium saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the chile flakes and garlic and cook until the garlic softens, about 1 minute. Add the tomato puree and basil sprigs. Bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Let cool completely in the fridge. Remove the basil from the sauce before using.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Prepare a 12inch castiron pan by greasing the interior with 2 tablespoons of the olive oil.nDivide the dough into 2 portions and roll out 1 portion on a floured surface, making a round sheet roughly 14 inches wide. Wrap the other dough portion in plastic wrap and freeze for another use. Place the dough sheet over the greased pan, lightly pressing the interior corners into the pan to prevent pockets. Place the strips of smoked mozzarella around the interior of the pan, making a circle with the strips along the entire edge. Cut the dough approximately 1 inch above the level of the cheese. Roll the dough over the cheese, lightly tucking the edges underneath to form a stuffed crust. Brush the stuffed crust with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil.nFor the toppings: Ladle the sauce into the center of the pizza, creating a thin layer that barely covers the pizza. Finish by topping with the torn mozzarella, olives, and onions.nPlace the pizza pan over medium heat and cook until the bottom of the crust begins to brown lightly, 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer to the oven and bake until the crust is golden brown and the center is bubbly, about 20 minutes.nUse a large metal spatula to remove the pizza, then top with the torn basil and a drizzle of olive oil. Allow it to cool for 10 minutes, then cut into portions and serve., ingredients: [2 cups bread flour, plus more if needed, 2 cups 00 flour see Cooks Note, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 23 cups warm water about 115 degrees F, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the bowl, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon dried chile flakes, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 cups San Marzano tomato puree, 3 sprigs fresh basil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Allpurpose flour, for rolling the dough, 8 ounces smoked mozzarella, skin removed, cut into 2by12inch strips, 1 cup torn smoked mozzarella skin removed, 1 cup kalamata olives, sliced in half, 12 leaves fresh basil, torn, 12 cup very thinly sliced red onion], title: Stuffed Crust CastIron Pizza with Smoked Mozzarella, picturelink: Ux48fZcdroK.gfLwe1eooY6UF0HX.rq}, 58030: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIf you are cooking a makeahead meal with bread that will not be used for a couple of days, place it in the freezer in an airtight bag or wrap well. Unwrap to defrost at room temperature and then crust in a warm oven.nMeanwhile, heat a couple of tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add mushrooms and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the onions, cubanelle peppers, chile pepper, and garlic to tendercrisp, 5 minutes more.nCool and store the mushroom mixture. To reheat the mushroom mixture: Add a splash of stock or water over medium heat and season with salt and pepper.nTo reheat the sausages: Add a splash of stock or water to the sausages to loosen the sauce. Add a ladle of sauce to the mushroom pan.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Split the bread horizontally then halve into 4 large pieces. Arrange the bread pieces on cooling racks set over baking sheets to allow the heat to circulate all around the bread. Halve the sausages lengthwise. Dot the bread with sauce, top with the sausages cutsidedown, dot with more sauce and top with peppers and cheese. Bake the bread 12 to 15 minutes, or until melted and brown at the edges. Garnish with parsley and serve.nFor the braciole: Defrost, drain, and wring the frozen organic spinach dry in a clean kitchen towel and separate with your fingertips while adding to a mixing bowl. Season the spinach with salt, black pepper, and a little nutmeg. Add the chopped hardboiled eggs, currants, pine nuts, finely chopped garlic, and cheese to the bowl and gently combine. Season the meat with salt and pepper and arrange each steak with one of the narrow ends near you. Divide the filling evenly among the meat slices. Scatter the filling over the meat leaving a 12inch edge or border on the sides. Fold the edge over the filling and tuck in the edges as you roll each bundle to secure the filling. Wrap and roll the remaining bundles and secure with kitchen twine to cover the ends and middle, like wrapping a package.nHeat a large Dutch oven with 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil a couple of turns of the pan over mediumhigh heat. Brown the meat bundles 6 to 8 minutes to evenly caramelize the meat all over.nFor the sauce: Remove the bundles from the pan and add 1 tablespoon more olive oil, give a turn of the pan to coat. Add the chopped carrots, onions, sliced garlic, bay leaf and season with salt and pepper. Let the vegetables cook 5 minutes to soften, then stir in the chopped rosemary and sage for 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and stir to develop the fragrance, then add the white wine and scrape up the pan drippings. Stir in the chicken stock and tomatoes. Break up the tomatoes with a spoon or potato masher. Bring the sauce to a bubble, add the meat back to the pot and reduce the heat to a simmer, cover and cook 2 hours more, stirring occasionally.nAfter 2 hours, brown the sausages in a frying pan with a tablespoon of extravirgin olive oil, a turn of the pan. Add the browned links to the sauce and gently submerge them, nestling them in with the meat bundles. Simmer the mixture 30 minutes more to cook the sausages through and combine their flavor into the sauce.nBring a pot of water to a boil for pasta. Salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente. Reserve a cup of starchy cooking liquid just before draining.nRemove the meat bundles to a platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Remove the sausages to a separate plate to cool.nDrain the pasta and return to a hot pot. Add 1 tablespoon butter, cut into pieces, and half of the sauce, toss to combine, adding a little starchy cooking water to make it all come together for you.nCut the string from the meat and serve the meat dotted with more sauce and sprinkled with fresh parsley on large dinner plates with hot pappardelle pasta topped with fresh basil and some shaved Parm alongside., ingredients: [1 large loaf ciabatta bread, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 portabella mushroom caps, 1 onion, halved and sliced, 2 cubanelle peppers, seeded and sliced, 1 red chile pepper, thinly sliced, 2 large cloves garlic, sliced, 12 cup chicken stock or water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound Italian hot or sweet or combination of both sausages in red sauce from makeahead meal earlier in week browned sausages simmered in tomato sauce with stock, recipe follows, 12 ounces sharp provolone cheese, shredded, A small handful fresh flatleaf parsley for garnish, 1 10ounce box chopped frozen organic spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 hardboiled eggs, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dried currants or chopped raisins, 2 to 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 cup freshly shredded ParmigianoReggiano cheese, 4 8ounce pieces thincut top round veal or beef pounded very thin, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 large fresh bay leaf, A few sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves removed and finely chopped, A few sprigs fresh sage, thinly sliced, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stockinabox, 128ounce large can San Marzano tomatoes, 2 pounds hot or sweet Italian sausage or combination of both, 1 8ounce package pappardelle pasta or 12 ounces egg tagliatelle, 1 tablespoon butter, A generous handful fresh sweet basil leaves, torn or shredded, A small handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped], title: Open Faced Sausage, 3 Pepper and Onion Sandwiches with Provolone, picturelink: 5R0JMBtL9mmDXyFt4JimBkw9q0OBCFS}, 58031: {instructions: In a bowl sift flour with salt. Make a well in the center and add the butter and lard cut into small cubes. Mix lightly with the fingertips along with the iced water. Form into a smooth dough. Divide into 2 discs, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.nPlace all the meats through a fine mincer. Place the onion into a dry frying pan low heat and add the meat. Allow to fry gently in its own fat. When juices start top form in the bottom of the pan, season with the cinnamon, allspice, salt and pepper. Moisten the meat with water and cook very gently covered for 1 hour. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Cook potatoes in water. Drain and mash. Allow to cool. Add the meat mixture to the cold mashed potatoes and combine thoroughly. Season with more salt, to taste, if necessary.nRoll out 1 disc of dough and place in a 10inch pie plate. Brush surface with egg white. Prick the base and fill with the meat mixture, packing down lightly and smoothing the surface. Roll out the other disc of dough. Paint the rim with egg white and place the pastry lid on top. Secure the edges by crimping them together. Paint the pie with egg yolk and bake for 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 5 tablespoons butter, 5 tablespoons lard, 4 tablespoons iced water, 1 egg, separated, 4 ounces venison, or elk, 4 ounces beef rump, 4 ounces pork loin, 4 ounces veal, 4 ounces goose meat, 4 ounces rabbit, 1 medium onion, sliced paper thin, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, Salt and pepper, 1 12 cups water, 1 pound potatoes, peeled], title: Tourtier  Six Pie, picturelink: 7D1m649UQrKy5akE1JThJiUsbZLOelu}, 58032: {instructions: To make the slaw: mix all the slaw ingredients together. Set aside for at least 30 minutes to let flavors meld.nPrepare charcoal grill for mediumhot directheat cooking.nTo make the Chili Rojo: add all chili ingredients, except extra wine, to a blender or food processor. Puree thoroughly, using extra wine if necessary to make a thick, smooth sauce.nTo make the burger patties: take 6 tablespoons ground beef and mix with 6 tablespoons Chile Rojo. Make 6 equal handformed patties with the remaining ground beef. Place 2 tablespoons of the chile mixture onto the center of each patty. Carefully enclose each patty around the chile mixture to form a ball. Carefully flatten each ball back into a thick patty, keeping the chile mixture inside. Season the patties liberally with salt and pepper.nTo make the Crema: mash the avocados in a food processor or with a potato masher. Add the rest of the ingredients and fold gently until thoroughly mixed.nWhen the grill is hot, oil the grill rack and cook the burgers over a mediumhigh flame until done, about 3 minutes per side for medium rare. If the exterior of the patties begins to burn, move them to a cooler side of the grill until the centers have had a chance to cook. Add a slice of cheese to each patty about 1 minute before they are done. Let patties rest off the heat for 1 or 2 minutes after cooking, and meanwhile toast the buns on a cooler side of the grill.nTo assemble the burgers: spread each bun bottom with a layer of Avocado Crema. Add about 13 cup slaw, a patty with melted cheese, then a tablespoon of chili ketchup, and finally the bun top., ingredients: [Tom Wickham, Portland, OR, 14 head Napa cabbage, thinly sliced about 3 cups, 12 sweet onion, thinly sliced about 1 cup, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leavesfinely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and pepper, 1 dried ancho chile and 1 dried pasilla chile, seeded, stemmed, and soaked in warm water for at, least 30 minutes, or 4 tablespoons goodquality ground chile powder, 12 to 1 minced fresh jalapeno chile pepper, 14 cup minced onion, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 chipotle chile in adobo sauce, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 cup hearty red wine like Zinfindel or Cabernet Sauvignon, plus more if needed, 2 pounds freshly ground beef see cooks note below, 6 tablespoons Chili Rojo, recipe follows, Salt and pepper, 2 ripe avocados, peeled and pitted, 12 cup sour cream, 12 jalapeno chile pepper, finely minced, optional, 14 cup minced red bell pepper, 1 lime, zested, 1 lime, juiced, 1 large ripe tomato or 2 Roma tomatoes, diced, Salt and pepper, 6 1ounce slices sharp Cheddar, 6 goodquality soft hamburger buns, 13 cup of remaining Chili Rojo, recipe follows, mixed with 12 cup ketchup], title: Southwest Chili Burgers with Avocado Crema and LimeMarinated Slaw, picturelink: AQ60r3Hy6e4fprfB5Q8.t0SLZr1CY3q}, 58033: {instructions: Put the squash in a large microwavesafe bowl. Add 1 tablespoon dill, a splash of water, and salt and pepper to taste. Cover with plastic wrap, pierce the plastic and microwave until tender, 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and garlic cook, stirring, until soft, 3 minutes. Stir in the tofu and 14 teaspoon salt cook, undisturbed, 2 minutes, then cook, stirring, until browned, 3 more minutes.nPush the tofu and onion to one side of the pan add half of the tomatoes to the other side and season with salt. Cook, stirring the tomatoes, 3 minutes, then stir into the tofu and onion mixture. Add half of the spinach and a splash of water and stir until the spinach wilts. Stir in 1 tablespoon parmesan and 1 teaspoon lemon juice.nToss the pitas, the remaining spinach, tomatoes, 3 tablespoons dill, 1 tablespoon parmesan, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, and salt to taste in a bowl. Spoon the tofu mixture into the squash. Serve with the salad.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [2 small acorn squash, halved, stemmed and seeded, 14 cup chopped fresh dill, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small red onion, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 14ounce package firm tofu, drained and coarsely crumbled, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 5ounce package baby spinach about 8 cups, 2 tablespoons shredded parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 wholewheat pitas, toasted and torn into 1inch pieces], title: TofuStuffed Acorn Squash, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 58034: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, melt butter and saute onion and apples over medium heat until soft. Add apple juice, increase heat to high, and bring to a boil. Stir in rice. Cover and remove from heat. Let stand for 5 minutes. Remove cover and stir in toasted almonds. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 14 onion, finely chopped, 14 Golden Delicious apple, finely chopped, 2 cups apple juice, 2 cups enriched longgrain instant rice, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted], title: Apple Rice Pilaf with Toasted Almonds, picturelink: null}, 58035: {instructions: Special equipment: Large square of cheeseclothnBring 8 cups of water to a boil in a big pot. Wrap the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, cumin seeds, garlic, cardamom, cinnamon, and bay leaves into the center of the cheesecloth square and tie up the sides of the cheesecloth into a little package and tie a tight knot at the top, a bouquet garni. Drop the bouquet garni into the boiling water. Add the onion and tomato. When the water comes back up to a boil, add the lamb meat. Bring the mixture back to a boil, and then reduce the heat to mediumhigh and simmer for 20 minutes, or until the meat is tender.nIn another large pot, heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over medium heat and saute the onion with the caraway seeds until soft. Stir in the drained rice and toast until the grains separate from each other, and the rice glistens with oil, about 5 minutes.nRemove the bouquet garni from the stock. Remove the lamb from the stock. Pour the stock over the rice and bring to boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer on low, covered, 15 minutes, or until the rice is cooked.nPlace a bed of rice on each plate, top with a few pieces of lamb. Sprinkle the cashews and raisins over the dish and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, lightly crushed, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 5 cloves garlic, 4 cloves cardamom, crushed, 1 stick cinnamon, 2 bay leaves, 1 red onion, cut into wedges, 1 large tomato, diced, 1 leg of lamb, about 3 pounds, bone removed, lamb cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 medium red onion, finely diced, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 4 cups basmati rice, washed several times and left to soak for 30 minutes, drained, 12 cup toasted unsalted cashews, chopped, 12 cup raisins], title: Braised Leg of Lamb with Caraway Basmati Rice, picturelink: 3YYEMzCm6TZEhWkhdjyW00ptirs3fm}, 58036: {instructions: Add Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, tomato juice, red hot sauce, green hot sauce, worchester sauce, lemon juice, pinch of salt, pinch of pepper. Pour back and forth between two mixing glasses. Strain into an icefilled highball glass. Garnish with celery stalk., ingredients: [0.5 oz. lemon juice, 1 pinches salt, 1 pinches pepper, 1 stalks celery, 1 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 3 oz. tomato juice, 2 dashes red hot sauce, 2 dashes green hot sauce, 1 dashes worcestershire sauce], title: Bloody Mary, picturelink: vwzgo6q5i278h7kXueNO6Lq6gRRflCS}, 58037: {instructions: Filling: Macerate the sliced apples with the sugar, rum, orange flower water, and lemon peel overnight. Strain the apples, reserving the juice.nSift the flour and baking powder into a large bowl, put butter and eggs into a well in the centre. Working with the fingertips gradually add 7 fluid ounces of the liquid from the apples. Work into a smooth and elastic paste with your hand and leave to rest for 2 hours.nRoll out the rested paste as thinly as possible, then transfer to a floured cloth on a large table. Working from the centre, with the palms of your hands, carefully stretch the paste to the thinness of a cigarette paper. Rest it and yourself for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 390 degrees F.nBrush lightly with melted butter and dust with sugar, cover with well drained apples and roll up. Mix the remaining juice into the beaten egg and brush over the top. Bake in the oven for 50 to 55 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds apples, peeled and thinly sliced, 8 ounces sugar, 4 fluid ounces rum, 3 fluid ounces orange flower water, Thinly pared rind of 1 lemon, 1 pound plain flour allpurpose, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 eggs, 1 12 ounces butter, creamed, 1 ounce butter, melted, 1 egg, beaten, Caster sugar superfine], title: Quercyan Apple Cake, picturelink: QaMUHHM4sQMPxPUCCtyiUv8yFBDKglC}, 58038: {instructions: In a spice mill, coarsely grind the peppercorns and spread them on a plate. Or put the peppercorns in a large plastic bag and crush them with a rolling pin or the back of a small, heavy skillet. Press the meat into the peppercorns covering both sides completely. Some will come off in cooking.nHeat a large heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and then the meat. Cook for 2 to 4 minutes depending on the thickness of the meat and how you want it done. Turn the steaks over and cook another 2 to 4 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the brandy. Return the pan to high heat and cook until the liquid has reduced by half, about 1 to 2 minutes. Take the steaks out of the pan and set them aside. Add the cream and butter to the pan and cook until the cream has reduced to a thick sauce. Return the steaks to the pan, along with any accumulated juices, and warm them through. Serve the steaks on warm plates and cover them with the sauce. Sprinkle on some salt, to taste., ingredients: [12 cup black peppercorns, 4 6ounce tenderloin steaks, 2 teaspoons sunflower oil, 12 cup French brandy or cognac, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Salt to taste], title: Steak au Poivre, picturelink: null}, 58039: {instructions: Begin by preparing the dough. In a large mixing bowl combine flour, salt and oil and mix with your fingers until it resembles coarse bread crumbs. Add water and mix with both hands until fully combined and mixture holds as a ball. Turn out onto a clean flat surface and knead for 10 minutes until the dough becomes smooth. Flatten into a disc shape and set back in bowl and cover with plastic wrap to rest for 30 minutes while you prepare the filling.nSet a large, heavybased pot over mediumhigh heat and add vegetable oil. Add spices and stir until just fragrant  this lightly toasts the spices and forms the spicy base of the filling mixture. Add ground chicken and saute until slightly coloured. Add onion, garlic, and ginger and sweat. Add chickpeas and spinach then simmer for 10 minutes until liquid has evaporated and all the flavours have come together. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside and allow to cool you can pour it out onto a flat platter to speed up the cooling process.nReturn to the dough and divide it up into 4 equal parts. Working with one piece at a time roll into a nice ball then using a rolling pin roll out into discs. Cut in half down the middle to form two halfcircles. Working with one half at a time, rub a little water around the edges using your finger. Form a cone by folding along the straight edge overlapping the seam. Gently pinch at the fold to secure. Holding the cone in your hand fill with 2 tablespoons of filling. Seal the top by bringing the edges together and crimping with your fingers or a fork. Do this with the rest to make 8 samosas. note: you can freeze them at this point if you wish.nHeat vegetable oil to 360 degrees F in a large heavybased pot. Fry the samosas in batches so as to not to overcrowd the pot until puffy and golden. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with salt and serve with Raita.nCombine ingredients in a food processor and pulse 3 times to just chop up the cucumber. The raita should be nice and creamy from the yogurt but still have texture from the cucumber., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 6 tablespoons warm water, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground red chili powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 4 tablespoons curry powder, 1 pound ground chicken, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves of garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger, 1 cup of canned cooked chickpeas, washed and drained, 1 cup frozen spinach, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Raita, recipe follows, for serving, 2 cups of plain unsweetened natural yogurt, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 English cucumber, roughly chopped, 12 red chile, deseeded and roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 4 turns freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and Spinach Samosas, picturelink: avbaHwjvdhBTg5JgQyM3gx7H7uvn1ti}, 58040: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, heat the jam until melted, about 2 minutes.nTransfer the jam to a large baking dish. Add the olive oil, mustard, honey, soy sauce, orange zest, crushed garlic, rosemary, 34 teaspoon salt and some pepper and mix until combined. Season the chicken with additional salt and pepper and add to the marinade. Gently flip until mixed and coated. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 20 minutes or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBake until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes. Garnish with orange wedges if desired., ingredients: [10 ounces apricot jam, 14 cup olive oil, 2 12 tablespoons country Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons freshly grated orange zest from about 2 oranges, plus orange wedges, for garnish, optional, 3 to 4 garlic cloves, crushed, 3 to 4 branches fresh rosemary, leaves stripped and chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts], title: Baked Apricot Rosemary Chicken, picturelink: YlRtfR.SI5i.CRZ3A6jB44xdlph1OsO}, 58041: {instructions: For the Lasagna Filling:nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a large stock pot over medium heat. Add onion and garlic and saute 3 minutes, until soft. Add, beef and cook 5 to 7 minutes, until browned all over, breaking up the meat as it cooks. Stir in basil, oregano and red pepper flakes.nAdd diced tomatoes and tomato sauce and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside.nFor the Lasagna:nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, combine ricotta, half of the mozzarella, egg, and black pepper. Mix well.nPour 1 cup of the meat sauce in the bottom of a 13 by 9inch lasagna pan. Arrange 4 UNCOOKED lasagna noodles on top of sauce, overlapping noodles slightly to cover the bottom. Spoon half of the cheese mixture over noodles. Top with 1 12 cups of meat sauce and 4 more noodles. Top second layer of noodles with remaining cheese mixture, 1 12 cups of meat sauce and 4 more noodles. Top noodles with 1 12 cups of meat sauce and remaining mozzarella cheese. Top with Parmesan cheese.nRefrigerate or freeze the remaining sauce.nCover with foil and bake 45 minutes. Uncover and bake 15 more minutes, until top is golden and bubbly. Let stand 5 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped onion, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 pounds lean ground beef or ground turkey, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, 1 14ounce can tomato sauce, 4 cups ricotta cheese regular or partskim, 8 ounces grated mozzarella cheese regular or partskim, divided, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 uncooked lasagna noodles, 14 cup grated Parmesan or Romano], title: Beef and Cheese Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 58042: {instructions: For the chops: Use a rolling pin to flatten the chops to a little less than 12inch thin. Sprinkle the chops with salt and pepper.nSet up the dredging station: Get 3 large bowls or plates in a row, with the last one closest to your stove. Place a plate next to the last bowl. In the first bowl, add the flour. In the middle bowl, add the eggs with a splash of water. In the last bowl, add the breadcrumbs, garlic powder, onion powder, dried oregano, dried sage, cardamom, Hungarian paprika, salt, black pepper, chili powder and lemon zest. Stir with a fork.nDredge the chops: First, take each seasoned chop and dredge in the flour, shaking off any excess flour. Dip each in the egg, and then press each into the breading mixture, making sure to completely cover both sides. Remove each to the resting plate.nFry the chops: In a large pan over mediumhigh heat, add enough oil to coat the bottom of the pan. Cook the chops until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and set aside. To keep warm, cover gently with aluminum foil and do not seal or place in a warm oven anywhere from 100 to 150 degrees F, uncovered.nFor the gravy base: In the same pan on medium heat, add more oil if needed. Add the carrots, celery, half the onions, thyme, bay leaf, a pinch of salt and a grind or two of black pepper. Cook while stirring until everything is tender and fragrant, about 10 minutes. Raise the heat and add the wine, using a wooden spoon to scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan. When the wine has reduced by about half, add the beef broth. Bring to a simmer and reduce the sauce by half, about 10 minutes. Pour the sauce through a sieve into a bowl, pressing down to get the most liquid out of the solids. Set aside.nFinish the mushroom gravy: Wipe the pan clean with a paper towel. Over medium heat, add the butter and melt, but dont brown it. If the heat is too high, lower it. Then add the remaining chopped onions, the mushrooms, a pinch of salt and a grind or two of pepper. Cook while stirring until tender, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle over the flour and stir while cooking a few more minutes until the veggies soak up the flour. Add the reserved sauce base back to the pan and bring to a simmer. Cook while stirring until thickened, about 10 minutes. Serve poured over the cooked chops. Serve with Sunnys LemonThyme Spaetzle.nFor the batter: In a bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, thyme, salt, black pepper, ground mustard, cayenne pepper, nutmeg and lemon zest. Gradually whisk in the flour to make a thick, tight batter. Add more flour by the spoonful until the proper texture is met this should feel like it wont drip through a colander whole, but can be pressed through and remain stringy, not doughy.nBoil the spaetzle: Fill a double boiler halfway with water and add a pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and place a colander over the pot. Add a heaping cup of spaetzle batter at a time to the colander and, with a rubber spatula, press the batter through the holes into the boiling water. Be sure to scrape the bottom of the colander between pressings and stir the spaetzle into the water so the next group of batter doesnt stick to the one before it. The spaetzle is cooked when it floats to the top. Remove with a fine mesh sieve and strain to remove as much water as possible shake it.nPan fry the spaetzle: In a large pan on mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon to a papertowellined plate. Add the butter to the remaining bacon fat in the pan and allow it to melt. Then add the boiled spaetzle to the pan to saute. Water and oil can produce splattering, be careful Allow the spaetzle to build a golden crust, and then toss and cook until its mostly golden all over, but still tender, 2 to 4 minutes. Add the bacon back to the pan and toss. Sprinkle with lemon juice, taste and season with salt and pepper if needed. Serve warm., ingredients: [4 shoulder veal chops about 3 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, whisked, 2 cups plain breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 2 teaspoons onion powder, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried sage, 1 teaspoon cardamom, 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon chili powder, Zest of 1 lemon, Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 2 carrots, shredded, 3 celery stalks, diced, 2 cups chopped onion, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and gently chopped, 1 small bay leaf, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups red wine, merlot or cabernet, 2 12 cups beef broth, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 ounces baby bella or button mushrooms, sliced, 8 ounces wild mushroom mix, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Sunnys LemonThyme Spaetzle, for serving, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon ground mustard, 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 to 20 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped and finely chopped about 2 tablespoons, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, Zest of 1 lemon, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for texture, 2 strips bacon, chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys BK Jagerschnitzel with Sunnys LemonThyme Spaetzle, picturelink: null}, 58043: {instructions: Combine the vanilla ice cream, egg nog and 3 crumbled cookies in a blender. Blend until thick and smooth. Pour into 2 chilled glasses. Top with the fresh whipped cream and the remaining crumbled cookies., ingredients: [1 cup vanilla ice cream, 1 cup egg nog, 6 gingersnap cookies, crumbled, Fresh whipped cream, for garnish], title: Egg Nog Milkshake, picturelink: null}, 58044: {instructions: Sandwich a slice of mozzarella and an anchovy fillet between two pieces of bread for each carrozza. For the batter, beat the eggs and milk together in a bowl. Dip the carrozza sandwiches into the batter, turning to make sure they are fully coated.nIn a saute pan, heat the extravirgin olive oil and cook the sandwiches until they are golden brown on each side. Add a dash salt to season and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound mozzarella ball, sliced, 4 anchovy fillets, 8 slices toasted bread, crusts removed, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt], title: Mozzarella In Carrozza, picturelink: null}, 58045: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the potatoes on a mandoline and set aside. Heat a large saute pan and add the butter and olive oil. Add the onions and garlic and saute until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the potatoes and spread out evenly. Season with salt and pepper and paprika. Deglaze with white wine and add the chicken stock. Cover and cook over medium heat until most of the liquid is absorbed and the potatoes are tender. Add more chicken stock, if needed., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 yellow onion, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 14inch slices, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock], title: Evas Potatoes, picturelink: CxPZsqPlW1bKAqOlBdLMoufxf9v.fy}, 58046: {instructions: Make the topping: Separate the onion strips and soak in the buttermilk at least 10 minutes. Heat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 360 degrees F. Combine the flour, panko, parsley and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Working in batches, remove the onion strips from the buttermilk, dip in the flour mixture and fry until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate season with salt.nMake the casserole: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans cook until crisptender, about 6 minutes. Drain, rinse under cold water and blot dry with paper towels.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Melt the butter in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned and tender, about 7 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme cook 1 minute. Add the flour and stir to coat, 1 minute.nWhisk in the halfandhalf, chicken broth, cayenne and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a simmer and cook, whisking occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parmesan and green beans. Transfer to a 3quart baking dish. You can refrigerate the casserole, covered, for up to 4 hours keep the topping at room temperature.nBake the casserole until bubbling, about 15 minutes. Stir, then sprinkle with the topping bake until warmed through, 5 more minutes.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 large red onion, thinly sliced lengthwise, 1 cup buttermilk, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Kosher salt, Kosher salt, 2 pounds green beans, trimmed and halved, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound white button mushrooms, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, Pinch of cayenne pepper, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese about 1 ounce], title: Classic Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 58047: {instructions: Pulse the bacon and garlic in a food processor until coarsely ground.nCombine the ground pork, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and the sage in a large bowl. Add the bacon mixture and gently mix with your hands. Gently form the meat into 4 balls, then lightly press into 4inchwide, 1inchthick patties. Make a 2inchwide indentation in the center of each with your thumb to prevent the burgers from bulging when grilled.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Season the patties with pepper. Grill, undisturbed, until marked on the bottom, 5 to 6 minutes. Turn and grill until the other side is marked and the patties feel firm, 4 to 6 more minutes. Meanwhile, spread the cut sides of the buns with butter and toast on the grill.nServe the patties on the buns top with coleslaw.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [5 slices bacon, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound ground pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon dried rubbed sage, Freshly ground pepper, 4 potato buns, split, Unsalted butter, softened, for spreading, Coleslaw, for topping], title: Perfect Pork Burgers, picturelink: Vay6cyv4tXscc0SGSoBhDbT5bywiJa}, 58048: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a griddle pan or cast iron skillet over medium heat.nWhisk together the marmalade, shallot, 1 tablespoon of the Dijon mustard and vinegar, in a small bowl. Add the extravirgin olive oil in a slow stream, while whisking, and then season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste. Set aside.nCombine the romaine with the frisee on large platter or in a shallow bowl.nMelt 3 tablespoons of the butter in a sauce pot over medium heat, then whisk in the flour, and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in 1 13 cups of the milk and cook until the mixture coats the back of a spoon, about 3 minutes. Season the sauce with salt, pepper and nutmeg, to taste. Stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons of mustard and turn off the heat. Spread 4 slices of bread with the white sauce and top each with a slice of cheese, 2 slices folded ham, another slice of cheese. Spread the remaining bread with sauce and cover the sandwiches. Trim the crusts, if you prefer, then quarter the sandwiches.nBeat the eggs with the remaining milk in a shallow bowl and dip the sandwiches in the batter as you add them to the griddle. Wipe the griddle with butter nested in a paper towel before you start adding the sandwiches. Griddle the sandwiches until deep golden, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side.nToss the salad with the dressing and divide it among 4 plates. Arrange 4 Croque Monsieur Monte Cristo croutons on top of each salad and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons orange marmalade, 2 tablespoons grated shallot, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or white wine vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large heart romaine lettuce, cleaned and sliced 34inch thick, 1 large head or 2 small heads frisee lettuce, 5 tablespoons butter, 2 rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, Grated nutmeg, 8 slices good quality white bread, 8 slices Gruyere, 8 slices baked ham, 3 whole eggs], title: Croque Monsieur Style Monte Cristo Croutons with Frisee Salad and Shallot Vinaigrette, picturelink: TCT2glJ8OokL4z.s2LWtf5FMrCzUbS}, 58049: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Prepare an ice water bath. Cook the lobsters until done, about 4 minutes, and then shock them in the ice water bath. Remove the lobster meat from the shell and roughly chop. Reserve on ice until needed. Combine the garlic, oil, chiles, 3 teaspoons salt and 3 teaspoons pepper in a small pot and cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until the garlic is golden brown. Squeeze in the lemon juice and remove the pot from the heat. Stir well and keep warm until needed.nCut the sourdough into 12inchthick slices, and then cut into 3 12inchlong by 1 12inchwide rectangles. Melt the butter in a saucepan and add the bread. Toast the bread until golden brown on both sides. Transfer the bread into a bowl and top with the chopped lobster. Drizzle with the garlicchile oil, sprinkle with salt and top with chopped parsley and fresh lemon juice.nServe immediately while the croutons are still warm., ingredients: [Sea salt, Ice, 2 to 4 lobsters, 34 cup garlic, minced, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup finger chiles or jalapenos, seeded and minced, Ground black pepper, Juice of 12 a lemon, plus more for serving, 12 loaf sourdough bread, 6 tablespoons butter, Fresh chopped parsley, for serving], title: Lobster Croutons with Golden Garlic, Chiles and Sourdough, picturelink: null}, 58050: {instructions: For the lamb: Heat a saute pan over high heat until the pan is smoking. Sprinkle the lamb with salt, pepper and rosemary on all sides. Once the pan is hot, add the olive oil and then sear the meat on all sides, rolling the meat around the pan to cook evenly. For medium rare, cook 2 to 3 minutes per side. For more well done, turn the heat down to medium and cook another 2 to 3 minutes per side. Set the meat aside to rest for 5 minutes.nIn the meantime, for the vinaigrette: Whisk the balsamic vinegar, brown sugar, granulated garlic, salt and pepper in a bowl and slowly drizzle in the olive oil to make an emulsion. Make sure to whisk vigorously while pouring in the oil. Finish with the basil, taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary.nFor the salad: Toss the arugula, pistachios and blue cheese with 14 cup of the vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper. Slice the lamb very thin and top the salad with the sliced lamb., ingredients: [1 rack of lamb, loin removed from the bone, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup brown sugar, 2 teaspoons granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 10 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 1 5ounce container baby arugula, 12 cup pistachios, chopped, 8 ounces blue cheese, crumbled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Black and Blue Lamb, Pistachio and Arugula Salad, picturelink: SLbqspFrZyVWp5kL.JU1iEp18lvzvZS}, 58051: {instructions: In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. Set aside. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Mix in spices and salt, and then eggs and molasses. Add flour mixture, and combine on low speed. Divide dough in thirds, and wrap in plastic. Chill for at least 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with silpats or parchment paper, and set aside. On a lightly floured work surface, roll dough out to 18inch thickness. With cookie cutters, cut into gingerbread boys and girls. Transfer to prepared baking sheets. Using templates, cut out desired decorations and place on cookies. Press currants into dough to create eyes and buttons. Roll a piece of dough into a ball and pass through a clean garlic press to create hair. Attach hair to heads. Bake until crisp but not darkened, about 20 minutes. Let cookies cool on wire racks. Decorate with icing and peppermint pillows, attaching pillows with a dot of Royal Icing. NOTE: When making very large cookies, use 2 spatulas to transfer cutout dough to baking sheets, or roll dough directly onto the baking sheet. Press cutter into the dough remove the excess before taking away the cutter.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine confectioners sugar and meringue powder or egg whites. Mixing on low speed, add a scant 12 cup water, drop by drop. For a thinner consistency, usually used for flooding, add more water. A thicker consistency is generally used for further embellishing. Mix until icing holds a ribbonlike trail on the surface for 5 seconds when you raise the paddle., ingredients: [6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 4 teaspoons ground ginger, 4 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground cloves, 1 teaspoon finely ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 large eggs, 1 cup unsulfured molasses, 14 cup currants, for decorating, Royal Icing, for decorating, recipe follows, Peppermint pillow candies, for decorating, 1 1pound box about 4 cups confectioners sugar, 5 tablespoons meringue powder, or 2 large egg whites, Scant 12 cup water], title: Making Gingerbread, picturelink: null}, 58052: {instructions: Kraut:nCombine all ingredients in a Dutch oven. Bring to a simmer, over mediumlow heat, cover, and cook for 1 hour, stirring a couple times.nKielbasa:nCombine water and beer in a large pot. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Slip in sausages and cook 15 to 20 minutes.nPeppers:nHeat oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. When oil is hot, add pepper slices, sprinkle generously with salt, and saute until wilted and lightly colored, about 8 minutes, stirring often.nServe kielbasas with the kraut and peppers., ingredients: [1 head white cabbage, finely shredded, 1 cup cider vinegar, 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon whole fennel seeds, 2 quarts water, 2 12ounce bottles lager recommended: Yuengling, 3 1pound Polishstyle sausage kielbasa, each cut into 4 pieces recommended: Hillshire Farms, 14 cup vegetable oil, 1 red pepper, seeded, cored, and sliced lengthwise into 12inch strips, 1 green pepper, seeded, cored, and sliced lengthwise into 12inch strips, Salt], title: Phillystyle Kielbasa with Fennel Kraut and Peppers, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 58053: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the ground beef, chopped parsley and grated onion together in a large mixing bowl. Season liberally, with House Seasoning. Form 3 hamburger patties.nHeat a large cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat and spray with nonstick cooking spray. Add the burgers and cook until desired temperature, 4 to 5 minutes per side for mediumrare.nFry bacon in a hot pan until crisp. Remove and drain on paper towels. Set aside.nWhile burgers are cooking, heat a nonstick pan, over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons butter. Crack 3 eggs into the pan. Cook until the yolks are just set and still slightly runny and remove.nPlace burger patties on English muffins or buns, and if desired, on glazed donuts, as the buns. Top each burger with 2 pieces of bacon and a fried egg.nMix ingredients together and store in an airtight container for up to 6 months., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons grated onion, House Seasoning, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 eggs, 6 slices bacon, cooked, 3 hamburger buns, 3 English muffins, 6 glazed donuts, 1 cup salt, 14 cup black pepper, 14 cup garlic powder], title: The Ladys Brunch Burger, picturelink: .INxAEad7XaARPpP7VpMWGmzL434klG}, 58054: {instructions: Put the milk, halfandhalf, salt and whatever flavors you are steeping with in a medium saucepan. Heat to a gentle simmer, remove from the heat and let steep for 30 minutes.nnWhisk the sugar, vanilla and egg yolksin a medium bowl. Gradually strain in and whisk about half of the warm milk mixture into the eggs. Then, while whisking constantly, add the warmed eggs to the remaining milk mixture.nnReturn to the heat and cook the gelato base, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thick and it coats a spoon, about 10 minutes. Transfer the mixture into a bowl set over an ice bath to stop the cooking and bring down the temperature.nnStrain the mixture again through a fine strainer, pushing to extract all the liquid. Churn the gelato in a gelatoice cream maker, following manufacturers instructions.nFold in desired mixins once the gelato has finished spinning in the machine.Transfer to a container and freeze until solid and ready to serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, Dash fine salt, Whole spices andor fresh herbs, for steeping, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 6 large egg yolks, Assorted mixins, such as candy andor nuts], title: Gelato, picturelink: null}, 58055: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: butchers twinenTo brine the turkey: Combine all of the ingredients for the brine in a large container. Add the turkey and let it brine in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 days.nTo prepare the turkey for cooking: Remove the turkey from the brine the night before roasting and pat it thoroughly dry with paper towels. Combine the rosemary, sage, and butter for the herb crust in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with kosher salt. Work the butter under the skin of the turkey and massage it into the breasts and the legs. Massage the butter on the outside of the skin as well. Tie the legs together over the breast so they will protect it during cooking and help keep it moist and juicy.nGravy preparation: Put the onions, carrots, celery, garlic, apples, bay leaves, cinnamon stick and thyme in a roasting pan and season with salt. Arrange the turkey on top of the veggies and refrigerate overnight UNCOVERED Yes, thats right, uncovered. This will help the skin dry out and become really brown and crispy. Make sure that there is no raw food near the turkey in the refrigerator. After refrigerating overnight, the turkey is ready to go in the oven.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPut 2 cups chicken stock and 1 cup apple cider in the bottom of the roasting pan. Roast the turkey in the preheated oven until the skin gets really nice and brown, about 40 minutes. Lower the oven heat to 350 degrees F for the remainder of the cooking time. Baste the turkey every 30 minutes or so and add more stock to the roasting pan, if needed. Cook about 17 minutes per pound. Once it gets to the proper color, tent the turkey with aluminum foil to prevent it from getting too dark.nRemove the turkey from the oven when an instantread thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the turkey registers 160 degrees F. Make sure that the thermometer is not touching a bone when doing the reading. When the turkey has reached the proper temperature, remove it from the roasting pan to a cutting board and let it rest for at least 30 minutes. Cover loosely with aluminum foil.nStrain all the veggies over a bowl to separate them from the stockmixture. Discard the veggies. Skim off the fat and add it to the roasting pan. This is the fat for the roux. Put the roasting pan over 2 burners and over a low heat and whisk in the flour. Cook until the mixture looks like wet sand, about 4 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in the remaining 1 cup apple cider, remaining chicken stock and the stockcider mixture. Cook until the mixture has thickened and reached a gravy consistency. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Pour into a serving pitcher or bowl.nCarve the turkey, transfer to a serving platter and serve with the gravy.nGive thanks for such a great turkey, ingredients: [7 quarts water, 1 quart apple cider, 34 cup kosher salt, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 large onion, diced, 1 large or 2 small carrots, diced, 3 ribs celery, diced, 1 head garlic, cut in 12 equatorially, 12 bunch fresh rosemary, 12 bunch fresh sage, 6 bay leaves, 1 12 to 14 pound turkey, free range organic is great, 1 bunch fresh rosemary, leaves finely chopped, 1 bunch fresh sage, leaves finely chopped, 3 sticks butter, room temperature, Kosher salt, 1 large onion, cut into 12inch dice, 1 large or 2 small carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 2 ribs celery, cut into 12inch dice, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 Granny Smith apples, cut into 12inch dice, 5 bay leaves, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 bunch thyme, Kosher salt, 1 quart chicken stock, divided, 2 cups apple cider, divided, 12 to 34 cup allpurpose flour], title: Brined HerbCrusted Turkey with Apple Cider Gravy, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 58056: {instructions: Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and lima beans and cook until the green beans are bright green and the lima beans have softened slightly, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold running water to cool. Cut the green beans into 1inch pieces.nIn a large bowl, combine the green beans, lima beans, corn, avocado, tomatoes, onion, jalapeno and basil. In a separate bowl, whisk the olive oil, vinegar, honey, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Add the vinaigrette to the salad and toss to coat.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cups green beans, 1 10ounce package frozen lima beans, thawed, 3 cups corn kernels from about 4 ears, 1 small avocado, pitted, peeled and cut into chunks, 1 cup grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup minced red onion, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 10 basil leaves, thinly sliced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Freshly ground pepper], title: Succotash Salad, picturelink: qkWzZSnnkNSuMiUpAXlQJSohxGRwwzC}, 58057: {instructions: 1. For the crab cakes: Heat a small skillet over mediumlow heat with 1 teaspoon butter. Add the celery and scallion and cook until just translucent, about 3 minutes. Season with a pinch of salt and a little pepper. Cool slightly.n2. Put vegetables in a large bowl along with 14 cup of the crushed crackers, the mayonnaise, horseradish and lemon zest. Mix everything together, season well with salt and pepper. Gently fold in the crabmeat taking care to keep some of the lumps intact. Divide the mixture into 4 12inch patties. Put the remaining cracker crumbs in a shallow dish and coat the patties evenly with the crumbs, cover, and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes to allow the crab cakes to set up.n3. For the sauce: Whisk all the ingredients in a bowl, season with pepper and set aside.n4. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the crab cakes until golden brown and heated through, turning once, about 2 minutes per side. Serve crab cakes with the sauce garnished with more chopped celery and tender celery leaves, as desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup finely chopped celery, plus more for serving, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained slightly, Finely grated zest from 12 a lemon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup coarsely crushed crackers recommended: Keebler Club, 2 to 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 8 ounces lump or Dungeness crabmeat, picked over for shells, Celery leaves, for serving, 13 cup ketchup, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 34 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Juice from 12 a lemon, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, or to taste], title: Bloody Mary Crab Cakes, picturelink: null}, 58058: {instructions: Combine pudding mix, sweetener, vanilla extract, and milk in a bowl. Stir vigorously until its smooth and slightly thickened. Mix in whipped topping and cream cheese. Stir thoroughly, until its completely mixed and smooth. Cover it and refrigerate for at least 20 minutes.nEvenly distribute raspberries between 2 parfait glasses or any midsized glasses. Evenly distribute half of the chilled pudding mixture between the glasses, about 14 cup per glass.nRepeat layering with strawberries and the remaining half of the pudding mixture.nIf you like, top each parfait with a squirt of whipped topping. Evenly distribute the crushed graham crackers between the glasses. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 tablespoons 12 of a 4serving box sugarfree fatfree vanilla instant pudding mix recommended: JellO, 2 tablespoons granulated nocalorie sweetener recommended: Splenda, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup fatfree milk, 1 cup fatfree whipped topping, thawedfrom frozen, 12 cup fatfree cream cheese, room temperature, 12 cup raspberries, 12 cup sliced strawberries, Fatfree whipped topping from an aerosol canister, optional, 1 sheet 4 crackers lowfat graham crackers, lightly crushed], title: Very Berry Dreamboat Parfaits, picturelink: 5rjIWZ64F8qLkE4h9aknH4s7NUSajr2}, 58059: {instructions: Heat a wok or large saute pan on high flame, add sesame oil, sausage and garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add broccoli, cook additional 2 to 3 minutes and remove to a bowl.nIn same pan or wok add tofu, ginger and toss quickly for 30 seconds. Remove to bowl with sausage and broccoli.nReduce heat and add chili oil, garlic and soy sauce and whisk in mirin, miso, rice vinegar and season to taste. If heat is too high you may need more oil for consistency.nPlate broccoli, tofu and sausage mixture on plate and drizzle warm vinaigrette on top. Garnish with scallion or chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sesame oil, 6 to 8 ounces Chinese sausage or smoked sausage, cut into 12inch rounds, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets and stems sliced on a bias, 3 to 4 pieces of firm tofu, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon chili oil recipe follows, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon mirin, 2 tablespoons miso paste, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar], title: Warm Broccoli and Tofu Salad with Grilled Chinese Sausage and Chili Miso Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58060: {instructions: For the caramel topping: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter just the sides of a 9inch round cake pan.nStir the sugar and 13 cup water in a medium saucepan over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Cook, no longer stirring, but gently swirling the saucepan occasionally until the mixture is the color of light amber, 4 to 5 minutes. If needed, brush any sugar crystals off the side of the pan with a pastry brush dampened with water. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and carefully whisk in the butter use caution the mixture can bubble up considerably. Pour the caramel into the prepared cake pan, tilting the pan to cover most of the bottom be careful the pan will be very hot from the caramel. Lay the pineapple rings in the pan and fill each hole evenly with the chiles. Set aside.nFor the cake: Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and crushed red pepper flakes in a medium bowl set aside. Combine the coconut milk, buttermilk and vanilla in a small bowl set aside.nBeat the butter and sugar together in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating after each addition and scraping down the side of the bowl as needed. Reduce the mixer speed to low and add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the milk mixture and mixing until just incorporated.nPour the batter over the pineapple in the cake pan and spread evenly. Bake until the cake is golden brown and bounces back when pressed and a toothpick or cake tester comes out clean when inserted in the center, 50 to 60 minutes. Run a knife around the edge of the cake to separate it from the pan. Let the cake cool in the pan on a wire rack until just cool enough to handle, about 30 minutes. Invert a serving platter over the cake pan and, while holding them together, quickly flip them over so the cake unmolds, pineappleside up. Let cool completely. Cut into wedges, and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 23 cup sugar, One 20ounce can pineapple rings, 2 tablespoons fresh red Thai chiles, chopped, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 12 cup coconut milk, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 large eggs], title: Caribbean Pineapple UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 58061: {instructions: Put the confectioners sugar, condensed milk and peppermint extract in a medium bowl and stir together with a fork. Once combined, form a smooth, soft dough with your hands.nRoll out the dough on a surface dusted with confectioners sugar until it is about 18 inch thick. Cut out different shapes with 1 12inch cookie cutters, rerolling the mixture until it is used up. Keep any mixture you are not working with covered with plastic wrap to prevent it from drying out.nMelt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water or put the chocolate in a bowl and microwave at 30second intervals, stirring between each one. Dip the peppermint creams into the melted chocolate until they are half covered, then let them cool and set on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.nIf you are storing the creams, pop them in an airtight container spaced apart, dusted with confectioners sugar and separated between layers of parchment to keep them from sticking together. They can be stored for 2 to 3 days at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups confectioners sugar, plus more for dusting, 13 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 teaspoon peppermint extract, or more to taste, 4 ounces dark chocolate, broken into pieces], title: Peppermint Creams, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 58062: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crostini: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Set baguette slices on the baking sheet, and bake until golden, about 5 minutes. Sprinkle with a little feta cheese and paprika, bake another 5 minutes.nFor the gazpacho: Add the cucumber, lychees, almonds, mint, cilantro, yogurt, salt and pepper to a blender or a food processor and blend until smooth. Taste for seasoning and adjust as necessary. Chill before serving. Top with warm crostini and serve., ingredients: [1 small baguette, sliced into eight 12inch rounds, 1 small block feta cheese about 6 ounces, Smoked paprika optional or regular paprika, 1 large English cucumber, coarsely chopped about 2 cups, 1 15ounce can lychees, drained and rinsed, 12 cup toasted sliced almonds, 4 large sprigs mint soft stems too, 10 sprigs of cilantro soft stems too, 23 cup plain Greek yogurt, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: CucumberLychee Gazpacho with Feta Crostini, picturelink: TSDWcEmfL7NrTZfrq0ZPCqxnhQ1Ty2}, 58063: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the panko, milk, cilantro, ketchup, barbecue sauce, Dijon mustard, chili powder, cumin, cayenne, garlic, green onions, eggs, Spanish onion and red bell pepper to a large bowl and mix until thoroughly combined. Add the beef and mix until incorporated, being careful not to overwork. Put the meat mixture in a loaf pan set on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until it registers 165 degrees F on an instantread thermometer, 60 to 75 minutes. Let stand 10 to 15 minutes before slicing. Serve with smashed red potatoes, green onions and sour cream., ingredients: [23 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 cup milk, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons barbecue sauce, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 4 green onions, thinly sliced, 2 large eggs, 1 small Spanish onion, diced, 1 small red bell pepper, diced, 2 pounds ground beef], title: Southwestern Meatloaf, picturelink: r7.AmJAwYvJFbHgI5ncCFtyCih9UGC}, 58064: {instructions: Saute the onion and pepper in the oil for 4 to 5 minutes, or until tender but not browned. Season to taste with salt and pepper and stir in the garlic. Cook for 1 minute and set aside to cool.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, pour the milk over the bread and let soak for 5 minutes. Squeeze the excess milk from the bread and combine with the remaining ingredients, adding the onion mixture and season with salt and pepper. Divide the mixture into 6 even portions and shape into mini loaves. Bake for 20 minutes, or until done., ingredients: [1 small onion, minced, 1 green bell pepper, minced, Salt and pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup milk, 2 slices bread, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound ground pork, 12 pound ground veal, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese], title: Individual Meat Loaves, picturelink: null}, 58065: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSteep the kale in hot water in a large bowl until it turns slightly brighter, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove and pat dry.nIn a small bowl, combine the vinegar and a pinch of salt and freshly ground pepper. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the olive oil.nPour half the dressing over the kale in a large bowl. Massage the kale leaves with your hands. Add the quinoa, tomatoes and more dressing and toss together with 2 spoons. Mix in the goat cheese and pine nuts. Transfer the salad to a serving dish. Allow to sit for 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 to 1 bunch lacinato kale also called Tuscan kale, washed, stems removed and leaves cut into 1inch strips, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup cooked white quinoa, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup crumbled goat cheese, 14 cup toasted pine nuts], title: Kale and Quinoa Salad, picturelink: eJPKCf6K9Ek1.P0bgSFuzlU.x7FjEC}, 58066: {instructions: Mix ingredients together and refrigerate until cold. Pour into ice cream maker and mix for 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to another container and place plastic wrap on ice cream and cover container tightly with a lid. Place in freezer for several hours.nWhen ready to serve, garnish with graham crackers., ingredients: [1 12 cups sweetened condensed milk, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 cup lime juice, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 4 to 6 graham crackers, for garnish], title: Key Lime Pie Ice Cream, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 58067: {instructions: Cut the top 14inch off each tomato and reserve. With a serrated knife, cut the interior membrane away from the outside skin without cutting through completely scoop the membrane and seeds out with a spoon and transfer to a strainer set over a bowl to drain. Season the hollowed tomatoes and the membrane in the strainer with salt and pepper.nPut the onions in a small bowl and cover them with 2 tablespoons vinegar and a pinch of salt. Let stand 10 minutes this will remove some of the raw sharp flavor of the onion. In a bowl, whisk together 1 tablespoon vinegar, the garlic oil and 14 cup of the drained tomato water. Season well with salt and pepper.nCoarsely chop the drained tomato membrane and put in a mixing bowl. Drain the onions and add them along with the grissini pieces. Drizzle the dressing over the bowl and toss very well season again and add more oil, tomato water and vinegar, as needed, to evenly moisten the stuffing. Stuff each tomato with 14 of the stuffing and garnish with the tomato tops. Chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [4 large heirloom multicolored tomatoes, about 3 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 red onion, very thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, divided, plus more as needed, 14 cup garlic flavored olive oil, plus more as needed, 4 ounces thin grissini, broken into 12inch pieces], title: Panzanella Stuffed Heirloom Tomatoes, picturelink: nVjS7QO1sOivQwd0C7r1XiXdAkrb6GW}, 58068: {instructions: In a large skillet, brown and stir sausage until the meat is crumbled and no longer pink drain. In a small bowl, combine cooked sausage, cream cheese and Parmesan cheese. Spoon mixture into prepared peppers. Arrange filled peppers on an ungreased baking pan. Bake in a preheated 400u00b0F oven for 12 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned.nTo grill: preheat gas grill or prepare charcoal grill according to manufactures directions. When ready to grill, place peppers on a grilling tray over low heat gas grill or on mediumhigh on a charcoal grill, 4 to 6 inches from coals cover. Grill for 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned., ingredients: [1 package 19 ounce Johnsonvilleu00ae Original Bratwurst, removed from casing Cut sausage link end to end, about threequarters of the way through. Flip sausage link over, grasp casing and pull off., 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 13 cups Parmesan cheese, shredded, 20 large jalapeno peppers, cut in half lengthwise, seeds removed See Cooks Note, Serving suggestion: serve poppers with your favorite ranch or blue cheese dressing.], title: Johnsonville Cheesy Pepper Poppers, picturelink: Hl68PNmEctr4ur5RMGt0stWMpxQ9Ba}, 58069: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In 2 batches, break up the florets into a food processor and pulse until the mixture resembles couscous, 10 to 12 seconds. Spread the cauliflower out on a foillined, lightly oiled baking sheet and roast, stirring halfway through, until the cauliflower begins to soften and is golden in spots, about 15 minutes. Allow to cool 10 minutes, then transfer to a bowl.nHeat 2 teaspoons peanut oil in a wellseasoned wok or large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Swirl to coat the pan. Pour in the eggs and swirl the pan so the egg forms a large thin pancake. Lift the edge of the egg to allow any uncooked egg to run to the center. As soon as the egg has set, turn it out of the pan onto a cutting board. Cool and cut into 12inch pieces.nMeanwhile, wipe out the pan with a paper towel and heat the remaining tablespoon peanut oil over high heat. Add the mushrooms, scallions and carrots and cook, stirring, 1 12 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and cook, stirring, 1 minute more. Add the soy sauce, sesame oil, cauliflower and 12 teaspoon salt and cook, stirring often, for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the peas and reserved egg and cook, stirring, until heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Top with the reserved scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 medium head cauliflower about 1 34 pounds, stems discarded, cut into 1inch florets, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons peanut oil, plus additional for oiling the pan, 2 large eggs, wellbeaten, 4 ounces fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, sliced into 14inch pieces, 6 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon reserved, 14 cup coarsely grated carrot from about 1 carrot, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 12inch piece ginger, peeled and minced, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, Kosher salt, 12 cup frozen peas, defrosted in a strainer at room temperature and rinsed], title: Cauliflower Fried Rice, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 58070: {instructions: In a large pot, cover the chicken with water, and bring to a full boil. Reduce heat, add chicken bouillon cubes and onion, and continue cooking chicken at a low boil until chicken is done, but not quite falling off the bone, approximately 30 minutes. Turn off the heat remove the chicken from broth and remove skin and bones. Cut up and return to the brothheat still off. Mix flour, salt, and mace in a large bowl. Crumble the butter into the flour with a fork, and add the eggs and milk. Mix with a strong wooden spoon until the dough is smooth. Divide dough into four portions to make it easy to work with. On a wellfloured surface, roll the dough to a 14inch thickness. Put the broth back on the heat and bring to a rolling boil. Cut the rolledout dough into 2 to 3inch squares and drop them into the boiling broth. Stir occasionally to keep the dough from sticking together as it boils. After all the dough has been dropped in the pot, turn the heat down to low, and simmer the popeye, lid on, for about 20 minutes. When it becomes irresistibly creamy and thick., ingredients: [1 chicken or 4 chicken breasts, 2 12 to 3 quarts water, 2 chicken bouillon cubes, 12 onion, chopped, 4 cups unbleached white flour, 1 teaspoon salt, Dash of mace, 1 tablespoon cold butter, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk], title: Chicken Stew for the Soul, picturelink: null}, 58071: {instructions: 1. Rinse off the mushrooms and pat dry. Cut off the thickest part of the stems and discard. Cut the mushrooms into 1inch pieces, roughly halves or quarters, depending on the size of the mushrooms.n2. In a large, wide skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil. Once the oil is hot, add the mushrooms, salt, pepper, and chile flakes. Stir to coat the mushrooms evenly with the olive oil. Saute until the mushrooms become golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the shallots and asparagus, stir, and cook until the mushrooms are deep golden and the asparagus is tender but firm, about 8 more minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook for 30 seconds more, just to bring out the flavor of the garlic but not to brown it.n3. Add the white wine and simmer until reduced by half. Turn off the heat and set aside. Stir in the butter until melted and fully incorporated.n4. While the mushrooms are cooking, bring a large pot of water to a boil. Once the water is boiling, cook the lasagna according to the package instructions. Once the pasta is cooked to al dente, pull it out of the water and drain do not rinse. Rub with a touch of olive oil to prevent sticking and set 1 sheet of pasta on each of four plates.n5. Divide the Taleggio and Parmesan evenly across the pasta. Spoon the mushroomasparagus mixture over the cheeses. The heat will partially melt the cheeses. Shower the basil on top of each plate. Drizzle a touch of extra virgin olive oil and a touch more Parmesan over each. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds wild or morel mushrooms, or mushrooms of your choice, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of chile flakes, 12 cup shallots, finely chopped, 16 asparagus spears, trimmed and cut into 2inch pieces, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 lasagna sheets, 12 ounces Taleggio or triple cream cows milk cheese of your choice, 2 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated, plus more for garnish, 12 cup fresh basil, shredded], title: OpenFace Lasagna with Morel Mushrooms and Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 58072: {instructions: Make the syrup: Add 34 cup water, the brown sugar and salt to a medium saucepan over medium heat. Bring the mixture to a simmer and stir until the sugar dissolves. Let simmer for 25 to 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Let cool before serving.nMake the pancakes: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F. Whisk the flour, granulated sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl. Add the buttermilk, eggs and cooled melted butter to a second bowl and whisk to combine.nMake a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add the wet mixture. Stir with a rubber spatula until just combined. Do not over mix or youll end up with tough and chewy pancakesnHeat a large electric griddle or nonstick frying pan over medium heat. Add a few drops of vegetable oil and a pat of butter. Once the butter melts, wipe the skillet with a paper towel. Ladle about 14 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake. Place a small handful of sliced strawberries on top of the pancakes. Cook until the bubbles begin to burst on the surface, about 3 minutes, then flip and cook until the second side is a nice golden brown, about 2 more minutes. Repeat with the remaining batter put the finished pancakes on a sheet tray and keep warm in the oven as you finish.nArrange the pancakes on individual plates and serve with the syrup.nPhotograph by Jacob Snavely, ingredients: [1 cup packed light brown sugar, Small pinch of salt, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups wellshaken buttermilk, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing, Vegetable oil, for greasing, 1 cup sliced strawberries], title: Strawberry Pancakes With Mamma Callies Syrup, picturelink: vruHJ7CHE09dP1k48a8tH0kvb7.EiPW}, 58073: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove and discard the artichoke stems. Peel off lower leaves approximately 18. Slice off the top half so that only the light green remains artichokes should be approximately 1 14 inches, then cut the artichoke in half lengthwise.nPlace the artichokes in a medium pot, flat side down, and add olive oil to just cover. Add the garlic, thyme, salt and pepper. Bring the olive oil to a boil, cover the pot and reduce the heat to a low flame and simmer for 15 minutes. Insert a knife into the lower half and if easily penetrated, its done.nRemove the thyme and garlic from the pot, raise the heat and fry uncovered for approximately 2 minutes, turning over the artichokes midway. They are done when brown and crispy. Remove the artichokes from the pot and place them on paper towels flat side down. Sprinkle with salt and serve., ingredients: [10 baby artichokes, Olive oil, 6 cloves fresh garlic, peeled, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper], title: Fried Baby Artichokes, picturelink: 5QFsxM6mFLGfQE35ee00Tf7Ut2XNb8y}, 58074: {instructions: Saute kielbasa, onion and garlic in oil in large pot over mediumlow heat until tender, about 10 minutes.nIf using fresh kale, cut off stems and slice into 12inch pieces. Keep stem pieces separate. Coarsely chop fresh leaves.nAdd to the pot the chicken broth, 4 cups water, carrot, marjoram, salt, pepper and sliced fresh kale stems or frozen kale, if using. Bring to boiling. Lower heat cover and cook for 15 minutes longer. If using fresh kale, add the leaves at this point along with the rice to the pot. Bring to boiling. Lower the heat cover and simmer for 15 minutes or until the rice is tender., ingredients: [6 ounces turkey kielbasa, sliced, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 large clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 pound fresh kale, washed, or 1 package 10 ounces frozen chopped kale, thawed and drained, 2 cans 13 34 ounces each reducedsodium chicken broth, 4 cups water, 2 carrots, sliced, 1 teaspoon dried leaf marjoram, crumbled, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 12 cup uncooked longgrain white rice], title: Portuguese SausageKale Soup, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 58075: {instructions: To make coeurs: Beat together cream cheese, sour cream, confectioners sugar, vanilla, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt with a handheld beater electric mixer until smooth. Force mixture through a fine sieve into a bowl to remove any fine lumps.nLine molds with a single layer of dampened cheesecloth and divide cheese mixture among molds, smoothing tops. Fold overhanging cheesecloth over tops, pressing it lightly. Refrigerate molds in a shallow pan or dish to catch drips at least 4 hours.nTo make topping: Mash half of the raspberries with granulated sugar. Stir in remaining whole berries and lemon juice, then macerate, stirring occasionally, 20 minutes.nUnmold coeurs and carefully peel off cheesecloth. Let coeurs stand at room temperature 20 minutes before serving. Spoon topping over coeurs.nCooks note: Coeurs may be chilled in molds up to 2 days, covered., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 13 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, or to taste, 18 teaspoon vanilla, 18 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Pinch salt, 13 cup frozen raspberries, thawed, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Special equipment: 2 13 cup ceramic coeur a la creme molds and cheesecloth], title: Coeur a la Creme with Raspberries, picturelink: null}, 58076: {instructions: Preheat oven to 225 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, combine the oil and syrup and heat, stirring, over low heat. Remove from the heat and add the vanilla extract.nIn a large bowl, toss together the wheat germ, sesame seeds, coconut, oats, pumpkin seeds, cashews, and almonds. Add the syrup mixture and stir to coat evenly. Spread the granola mixture out on a baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, about an 1 hour and 30 minutes. Stir the mixture occasionally while baking so it toasts evenly.nTransfer the warm toasted granola to a large bowl and stir in the dried fruits and let cool. Store in a tightly sealed container a room temperature for 2 weeks or freeze for up to 2 months., ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 23 cup dark amber maple syrup, grade A or B, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup toasted wheat germ, 14 cup sesame seeds, 12 cup shredded unsweetened coconut, 3 12 cups rolled oats, 12 cup green pumpkin seeds pepitas, 12 cup cashews, coarsely chopped, 12 cup whole almonds, coarsely chopped, 1 cup mixed dried fruit, such as currants, diced pears, diced apricots, cranberries, raisins, blueberries, or chopped dates], title: Maple Granola, picturelink: null}, 58077: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together yeast, warm water, sugar and olive oil. Let sit for about 3 minutes to fully dissolve and activate the yeast.nIn a large mixing bowl, whisk together flour and salt.nWith a rubber spatula, gradually mix the yeast mixture into the flour until just combined and dough barely holds together. Turn the dough out onto a clean counter surface dusted with flour.nKnead the dough with flourdusted hands until the dough has become smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. The surface should be tight and silky and bounce back slightly when pressed. Lightly grease a large mixing bowl with olive oil and place the dough in it.nCover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and set in a warm place to rise until doubled in size, 1 to 2 hours.nOnce doubled, punch the dough down and divide it into 2 equal pieces. Knead each 1 slightly to form a uniform ball. Set aside and cover them with a kitchen towel or plastic wrap to rest for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 package active dry yeast, 34 cup warm water, about 110 degrees F, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for kneading, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Basic Pizza Dough, picturelink: j1p0lB7fCiv0JOZ4QvUYtyPbez7y}, 58078: {instructions: Pop the popcorn, season it with a drizzle of olive oil and salt, and set aside.nIn a bowl, combine the tomato juice, lemon juice, fennel, cucumber, onion, celery, salt and pepper, to taste. Place it in the refrigerator to chill.nIn a 10inch skillet over high heat, warm 2 tablespoons olive oil. Season the halibut with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the halibut to the pan and cook, without stirring, until the halibut is browned on 1 side, about 2 to 3 minutes. Stir the halibut briefly and cook for 30 seconds longer. Remove the halibut with a slotted spoon. Add remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pan. When the oil is hot, add the garlic and cook until light brown, stirring. Add the jalapeno and cook for 15 seconds, stirring. Add the shrimp and season with salt and pepper. Stir and cook until barely done, about 1 12 minutes. Add the clam juice and wine bring the mixture to a boil and cook for about 30 seconds. Remove the shrimp from the pan. Continue until the liquid is reduced by half. Return the halibut and shrimp to the pan and stir to coat them with the liquid. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool.nWhen you are ready to serve, stir the tomatoes, fennel fronds, parsley, basil, and vinegar into the chilled tomato juice and vegetables. Spoon the tomato mixture into bowls and top with the cooled seafood mixture. Garnish with a handful of popcorn., ingredients: [12 cup popping corn, Drizzle olive oil, Salt, 3 cups tomato juice or tomato vegetable juice blend, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup 12 bulb finely diced fennel, 1 cup 1 medium finely diced, peeled, seeded cucumber, 12 cup 12 small finely diced red onion, 12 cup 2 medium stalks finely diced celery, Gray salt, Fresh coarsely ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces halibut fillet, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 to 3 tablespoons minced, seeded jalapeno, 8 ounces medium shrimp, peeled, deveined, and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 can 6.5 ounces clam juice, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 pint tiny, ripe cherry tomatoes preferably Sweet 100s, each quartered, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fennel fronds, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar], title: Gazpacho and Seafood Cocktail with Flavored Popcorn, picturelink: null}, 58079: {instructions: Peel back the corn husk, remove the silk, enclose the corn once again and grill the corn for 46 minutes over a hot flame. While the corn is roasting, add the tomatillos and red pepper to the grill and quickly char their exterior. Remove everything from the grill and allow to cool. When cool peel back the husk and, using a sharp knife, remove the corn kernels from the cob. Discard the cob. Cut the red pepper into a julienne and combine the corn, tomatillo, red pepper, jalapeno, garlic and cilantro in a bowl. To the bowl, add the oil, vinegar, sugar, salt and pepper and allow to marinate for several hours before serving., ingredients: [4 ears corn, 12 pound tomatillos, papery skin removed and quartered, 1 large sweet red pepper, quartered and seeded, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely diced, 1 garlic clove, finely chopped, 1 small bunch cilantro, 14 cup chopped, 13 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper], title: Roasted Corn and Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 58080: {instructions: Place the fish pieces into a medium bowl. Add the onions and peppers and toss with the sea salt and pepper. Pour in the lime juice, give it a quick stir and consider yourself a Porteno, ingredients: [About 1 2ounce fresh piece octopus, diced into small pieces, About 1 2ounce fresh piece sole, diced into small pieces, 12 onion, diced, 1 Peruvian aji pepper, julienned, Dash sea salt, Dash freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Peruvian lime juice], title: Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 58081: {instructions: In a medium sized bowl, beat together 2 eggs. Dip the chicken breasts in the eggs, and then dredge in flour. Fill a medium sized pan halfway with vegetable oil and heat. When the oil is hot, place the chicken breasts in the hot oil and fry on both sides until cooked through. Season with salt and pepper.nTop the fried chicken with chipotle cream sauce and serve with pecan rice and wilted spinach.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nChipotle Cream Sauce:n1 can chipotles in adobon1 cup heavy creamn1 cup sour creamnMix together heavy cream, sour cream, and chipotles in blender use 2 chipotles for medium hot, 3 for spicy hot. Pour into a small saucepan and bring to a simmer., ingredients: [2 eggs, beaten, 4 boneless chicken breast fillets, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Chipotle cream sauce, recipe follows], title: Southern Fried FreeRange Chicken with a Southwest Chipotle Cream Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58082: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain and rinse. Set aside.nIn another large pot of boiling salted water, add the asparagus and blanch until bright green and slightly tender, about 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon or a spider and shock in icy cold water. Remove from the water and dry well.nTrim the ends of the asparagus and cut into bitesize pieces on the bias.nWhisk together the mustard, garlic, lemon juice, and olive oil in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCombine the reserved asparagus and pasta in a large serving bowl. Add the tomatoes, dill, peas, feta, and the mustard dressing. Toss with tongs to coat the salad well. Taste and add additional salt and pepper, if needed., ingredients: [Salt, 1 pound corkscrew pasta, 1 pound asparagus, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 garlic clove, minced, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup freshly chopped dill leaves, 1 cup frozen peas, defrosted, 7 ounces crumbled feta cheese], title: Neelys Lemon Pasta Salad, picturelink: WlWI1Jeejz5Tx3Yva.1NJXLFC.CGFa}, 58083: {instructions: Infuse the vodka: Combine the candy corn and vodka in an airtight container set aside for at least 3 hours, then strain.nMake the cordials: Add 4 ounces of the candy corn vodka, the orange liqueur, lemon juice and egg white to a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously for at least 30 seconds. Strain into 2 chilled martini glasses and garnish with candy corn.nPhotograph by by Levi Brown, ingredients: [12 cup candy corn, 1 12 cups vodka, 2 ounces orange liqueur, Juice of 12 lemon, 1 large egg white, Candy corn, for garnish], title: Candy Corn Cordials, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 58084: {instructions: Make 2 layers of biscotti, sprinkling generously with wine, and then top the whole thing with the whipped cream. Like tiramisu, this dessert is best after being refrigerated for an hour or two. Finish by sprinkling with grated chocolate or powdered coffee., ingredients: [12 pound biscotti, broken into chunks, 1 cup sparkling wine, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped to softpeak stage, Grated chocolate, Powdered coffee], title: Dessert Almost Done, picturelink: null}, 58085: {instructions: In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the orange pieces, orange juice, ginger, rice wine vinegar, cilantro and scallion. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon the mignonette over each of the shucked oysters and serve., ingredients: [1 orange, segmented and cut into 1inch dice, with reserved juice, 14 teaspoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 scallion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 oysters, shucked and on the half shell], title: Oysters with Orange and Ginger Mignonette, picturelink: null}, 58086: {instructions: Melt the white chocolate in a heatproof bowl over simmering water, stirring until melted. Set aside and keep warm. In a heavybottomed saucepan, heat the halfandhalf, cream, vanilla seeds and pod, orange zest, spices, and salt over low heat until it comes to a boil. Stir occasionally to prevent scorching. Remove from the heat, cover, and steep for 20 minutes. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whip attachment, whip the eggs and sugar on high speed until thick and ribbony, 3 to 4 minutes. Strain the spices from the cream, return the cream to the pan, and reheat to a simmer. Lower the speed of the mixer to low. Slowly ladle some of the hot cream into the eggs, warming them up. Add them back to the pot of cream. Attach an instantread thermometer to the pot and cook the cream over low heat, stirring with a rubber spatula, until the cream reaches 170 degrees F. Remove the saucepan from the heat pour the mixture through a fine mesh strainer. This will remove any pieces of cooked egg and keep the eggnog smooth. Whisk the hot strained eggnog into the bowl of white chocolate. Stir in the bourbon and rum. Pour into 4ounce cups. Garnish with whipped cream, grated nutmeg, and homemade marshmallows. Best if consumed while hot, creamy, and delicious., ingredients: [8 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split seeds scraped, seeds and pod reserved, Finely grated zest from 1 orange, 3 cinnamon sticks must be fresh and fragrant, 5 whole star anise, 8 whole allspice berries, 2 teaspoons ground or freshly grated nutmeg, plus more for garnish, 8 whole black peppercorns, 5 to 6 whole cardamom pods, cracked, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup bourbon Knob Creek or Makers Mark, 14 cup dark rum Zacapa, Whipped cream, for garnish, Homemade marshmallows, for garnish], title: Homemade Eggnog White Chocolate Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 58087: {instructions: Toss the green beans into a large pot of boiling salted water and cook until bright green in color and crisptender, about 5 minutes. Drain the beans and shock in a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Drain the beans again and pat dry.nCook the bacon in a large, heavy saute pan until crisp, about 5 minutes. Remove the bacon to a paper towellined plate to drain. Spoon off the excess bacon grease, leaving 2 tablespoons in the pan. Add the onion to the pan and saute until soft and very tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Sprinkle in the garlic and red pepper flakes and saute until just fragrant, about 1 more minute. Add the reserved green beans and the pecans and cook until heated through, 5 to 6 minutes more. Return the bacon to the pan, pour in the lemon juice and toss. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 12 pounds green beans, trimmed, Kosher salt, 12 pound bacon, roughly chopped, 1 small yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup chopped toasted pecans, Juice of 12 lemon, Freshly ground pepper], title: Green Beans and Bacon, picturelink: a4JaOIHmJ9nHBswlEa0TEAHvo0oWje}, 58088: {instructions: Preheat your waffle iron. If you want to hold the finished waffles until serving time, preheat your oven to 200 degrees.nMelt the butter and reserve. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper. In another bowl, whisk together the milk and eggs until well blended. Pour the liquid ingredients over the dry ingredients and whisk gently to combine. Fold in the salmon, onion, dill, and melted butter.nLightly butter or spray the grids or your iron, if needed. Brush or spray the grids again only if subsequent waffles stick.nSpoon out 12 cup of the batter or the amount recommended by your waffle makers instructions onto the hot iron. Spread the batter evenly over the grids with a metal spatula or wooden spoon, stopping right before the edge. Close the lid and bake until golden and crisp. Serve immediately or keep the waffles, in a single layer, on a rack in the preheated oven while you make the rest of the batch.nServe with either a scoop of cream cheese and a sprinkling of chopped scallions, or a generous spoonful of creme fraiche or sour cream and some salmon caviar., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons doubleacting baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups milk, 2 large eggs, 3 12 ounces smoked salmon, dried, 1 red onion, peeled and finely diced, 6 tablespoons fresh dill, Softened cream cheese and finely chopped scallions or creme fraiche or sour cream and salmon caviar, for topping], title: Smoked Salmon Waffles, picturelink: null}, 58089: {instructions: For the cowboy butter: Well in advance, make the cowboy butter. Place the softened butter in the bowl of a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Whip the butter until its fluffy. Add the parsley, red pepper flakes, black pepper, garlic, lemon zest and the juice of half the lemon. Mix it until its totally combined, scraping the sides as needed. Add more parsley, more lemon juice, more pepper or salt if youd like.nLay out a long piece of plastic wrap and scoop the butter mixture in a long strip down the middle of it. Carefully pull one side of the plastic wrap over the butter, squeezing it gently to form it into a log. Continue to roll the log of butter into a roll. When its all rolled up, twist the ends like a piece of candy until they become very taut this means the butter is pressing together inside the plastic to form a cohesive roll. Place the roll of butter into the fridge so it will harden, or into the freezer if you need to speed along the process.nFor the steaks: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Sprinkle salt and pepper on both sides of the steaks.nMelt the butter in a heavy ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. When its melted and golden brown, sear the steaks for about 45 seconds per side. Set in the oven to finish, about 3 minutes.nLay a thick slice of cowboy butter on top of each steak so it will begin to melt. Serve within 5 minutes., ingredients: [2 sticks salted butter, softened, 13 cup finely minced fresh parsley, plus more if needed, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, A pinch of coarsely ground black pepper, plus more if needed, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 1 lemon, zested and halved, Salt, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 rib eye steaks, 2 inches thick, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Rib Eye Steaks with Cowboy Butter, picturelink: 9gI2x8rsHoIZyzF6QSI9QibHIvOt2.}, 58090: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh heat.nBrush corn with oil. Grill corn until charred in spots and tender, about 5 minutes on each side.nRemove from the grill and set aside to cool.nPlace a saucepan with 5 cups of water and 1 tablespoon of salt onto a medium heat, bring the water to boil, and slowly stir in the polenta. Reduce the heat and continue to stir for about 5 minutes until thickened and creamy. Add the butter and blend into the mixture.nStir in the cheese. Keep warm.nCut the corn off of the cob and stir it into the cooked polenta. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve warm., ingredients: [3 ears corn, husked, Olive oil, for brushing about 1 tablespoon, 5 cups water, 1 tablespoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 12 cups instant polenta, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup freshly grated sharp Cheddar, 14 teaspoon fresh black pepper, plus more for seasoning], title: Creamy Grilled Corn Polenta, picturelink: cMVabOS64AGPfIoi96NlU5262qTPgtC}, 58091: {instructions: Make a mound of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs, oil and any other flavoring you choose. Using a fork, beat together the eggs, oil and flavorings and begin to incorporate the flour starting with the inner rim of the well. As you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up to retain the well shape. Do not worry that this initial phase looks messy. The dough will come together when 12 of the flour is incorporated.nStart kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands primarily. Once you have a cohesive mass, remove the dough from the board and scrape up any left over crusty bits. Lightly flour the board and continue kneading for 3 more minutes. The dough should be elastic and a little sticky. Continue to knead for another 3 minutes, remembering to dust your board when necessary. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature. Note: do not skip the kneading or resting portion of this recipe, they are essential for a light pasta., ingredients: [4 extra large eggs, 3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour plus 12 cup, 12 teaspoon olive oil], title: Fresh Egg Pasta, picturelink: null}, 58092: {instructions: Combine the dressing ingredients in a blender, using 2 teaspoons salt, and pepper to taste process until smooth. Combine the salad ingredients in a large bowl and toss with the dressing. Let sit at least 15 minutes before serving, or cover and refrigerate for up to 4 hours.nPhotography by Kate Sears, ingredients: [1 12 cups packed fresh cilantro, 12 cup goodquality extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon finely grated lime zest, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ears corn, kernels removed about 3 cups, 1 12 pounds grape tomatoes, halved about 3 cups, 1 pound fresh mozzarella, diced, 2 medium avocados, diced], title: Aidas Corn, Tomato and Avocado Salad, picturelink: bCtYPTPzYhU.QAraoGGp5de64YYKQSG}, 58093: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWorking two at a time, place the chicken breasts in a gallonsize resealable plastic bag and set on a flat work surface. Pound the chicken to an even thickness with a meat mallet or the back of a small, heavy pan. Remove from the bag and repeat with the remaining chicken.nCombine the flour and a pinch of salt and pepper in a shallow dish whisk to incorporate. In a separate shallow dish, whisk the eggs. In a third shallow dish, combine the breadcrumbs, 14 cup Parmesan, dried basil, lemon zest, 1 tablespoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper stir to blend.nCoat the chicken breasts completely with flour and shake off the excess. Dip in the eggs and then coat with the breadcrumb mixture. Place on a clean plate or tray and set aside.nHeat the oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Panfry the chicken on both sides until crisp and golden, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Remove to a foillined baking sheet or casserole dish.nTop each chicken breast with 12 cup of the marinara. Sprinkle the mozzarella and 1 cup Parmesan evenly over the top. Bake until the cheese is melted and the chicken is cooked through, 20 minutes. Top each breast with a basil leaf to serve., ingredients: [Four 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, tenders removed, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 eggs, 2 cups fine breadcrumbs, 14 cup plus 1 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon dried basil, 1 lemon, zested, 14 to 12 cup canola or grapeseed oil, 2 cups marinara sauce your favorite brand or homemade, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, 4 fresh basil leaves, for garnish], title: Foolproof Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: iA5ZF0vCnBP6BH4XW2eyewMUgiu7Pb6}, 58094: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large saucepan or small Dutch oven, cook the bacon over medium heat until the fat renders and the bacon is cooked, about 5 minutes. Add the onion and cook until the onion softens, about 5 more minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the beef and cook until no longer pink. Raise the heat to mediumhigh, deglaze with the beer, and allow to bubble and boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the beans, tomato sauce, crushed tomatoes, chili powder, red pepper flakes, cocoa, and salt. Stir to combine well. Simmer for 30 minutes, or more, and serve with sour cream, shredded cheese, and chopped scallion, if desired., ingredients: [2 slices bacon, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound ground beef, 1 12ounce bottle beer, 3 cups black beans, 2 14ounce cans tomato sauce, 1 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 12 tablespoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon cocoa powder, Kosher salt, Sour cream, for garnish, Grated Cheddar, for garnish, Chopped scallions, for garnish], title: Game Day Chili, picturelink: 5HwiqqV8TZduAbCgkL1cOCkjKVqaT.}, 58095: {instructions: In saute pan over high heat, add olive oil and hot links. Sear links until browned. Add the shrimp and cook until pink. Lower heat to medium. Then add cream, chipotle sauce, salt and pepper. Add cooked pasta and the cheese. Toss to combine.nServe in pasta bowl and garnish with diced tomato, scallions, and more grated Parmesan.nCombine all ingredients in blender, puree, cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [1 ounce olive oil, 1 hot link, cut in 6 bias slices, 5 2125 shrimp, deveined, shelled and butterflied, 4 ounces heavy cream, 3 ounces Chipotle Sauce, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 9 ounces cooked penne pasta, 2 ounces Parmesan, grated, 1 tablespoon diced tomato, 1 tablespoon diced scallion, 1 cup BBQ sauce, 12 cup canola oil, 14 cup lemon juice, 12 ounce Dijon mustard, 2 ounces chipotle paste, 12ounce red chili flakes, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Chipotle Pasta, picturelink: null}, 58096: {instructions: Special equipment: Disposable aluminum cupcake baking tray available at grocery stores Bone templatenPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda.nIn another bowl, whisk together the vanilla extract, milk and vegetable oil.nCream together the butter and sugar with a handheld mixer in a large bowl. Add the eggs 1 at a time and mix to combine. Alternate the dry and wet ingredients to the egg mixture, starting and ending with the dry ingredients.nPour the batter 23 full into the cupcake tins and bake for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool before frosting.nPut a bone template on a waxed paper lined cookie sheet.nMelt the chocolate over a double boiler. When melted, pour the chocolate into a resealable bag. Press out the excess air and seal the bag. Snip a 18inch corner from the bag and, following the bone template, pipe an outline onto the waxed paper. Fill in the bone with chocolate. Tap the cookie sheet lightly to smooth the top of the chocolate. Repeat with the remaining chocolate to make 6 bones.nRefrigerate until firm, about 5 to 10 minutes.nSpread the vanilla frosting on top of 6 cupcakes, mounding it slightly. Using a sharp knife, make a small slit in the top of each doughnut hole. Carefully peel 1 chocolate bone from the waxed paper and insert the pointed end into the slit. Repeat with the remaining bones and doughnut holes. Place 1 doughnut hole on top of each cupcake. Put in the freezer for 15 minutes. Spread the frosting over the doughnut hole until it is smooth and covered. Add the cornflake crumbs to a medium bowl and gently press the frosted cupcakes into the crumbs to cover completely. Transfer the cupcakes to the aluminum tray.nCut the yellow fruit chews into 1inch squares. Spread the vanilla frosting on 1 cupcake, mounding it slightly. Use a small spoon to create a well in the center of the frosting. Put the cupcake in the baking tray and arrange the fruit chew in the well at an angle. Heat the caramel sauce for 2 to 4 seconds in the microwave and drizzle it on top of the cupcake so that it fills the well and spills over like gravy. Repeat with remaining 5 cupcakes.nCut the fruit chews into 14inch cubes. Add the vanilla frosting to a small bowl and add enough green food coloring until it becomes bright green color. Spread on top of the cupcakes. Arrange the green candies and orange chews on top, pressing them into the frosting. Transfer the cupcakes to the aluminum tray., ingredients: [1 Recipe Basic Vanilla Cupcakes, recipe follows, Drumsticks, recipe follows, Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Peas and Carrots, recipe follows, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 stick butter, 1 cup sugar, 3 eggs, Bone template, 12 cup white chocolate melting wafers, 2 cups vanilla frosting, 6 plain doughnut holes, 1 cup cereal crumbs recommended: Cornflakes, 3 yellow fruit chews recommended: Laffy Taffys, Starbursts, 12 cup vanilla frosting, 14 cup caramel sauce, 9 orange fruit chews recommended: Tootsie Fruit Rolls, Starbursts, 6 tablespoons vanilla frosting, Green food coloring, 2 tablespoons hard green candies recommended: M and Ms, Runts], title: TV Dinner Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 58097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the potatoes and cook until just tender, about 12 minutes. Drain well and let cool slightly.nPulse the basil, mint, garlic, pecans, lemon juice, Parmesan, salt and pepper, to taste, and red pepper flakes in a food processor. Drizzle in the olive oil while the machine is running.nSpoon the pesto into a large serving bowl, then add the potatoes and toss to coat. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [Salt, 3 pounds small red skinned potatoes, quartered, 1 cup packed basil leaves, 14 cup packed mint leaves, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup toasted, chopped pecans, 1 lemon, juiced, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup Parmesan, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 12 cup olive oil], title: Pats Picnic Potato Salad, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 58098: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all the ingredients in a food processor or for best results mashed together by hand. This can be stored in the refrigerator, with as little contact with air as possible, is recommended. If you do store, place the guacamole in a container and cover with a sheet of plastic wrap before closing the container. If it is made to be used right away, it should be used within 24 hours., ingredients: [12 ripe avocados, 5 jalapeno peppers, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves only, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped onion, 1 tablespoon sea salt], title: California Tacos and More  Guacamole, picturelink: JpOjDfqGSKfqlaKRlkLXutU9n1z6Ks2}, 58099: {instructions: STIR together orange marmalade, caramel topping and cinnamon. Gently fold in fruit until evenly coated.nSuggested fruit combination: Cantaloupe, honeydew melon, pineapple, strawberries and grapes., ingredients: [14 cup Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Orange Marmalade, 3 tbsps. Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Caramel Flavored Topping, 14 tsp. cinnamon, 2 cups mixed fruit, cut into bitesize pieces], title: Caramel Orange Fruit Salad, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 58100: {instructions: Combine chocolate, place over double boiler, stir until melted. Whisk in syrup and water, incorporating well. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 7 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3 ounces corn syrup, 12 cup hot water], title: Glossy Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58101: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan over medium low heat.nIn a medium bowl beat eggs with fork. Add milk, salt and pepper and mix until blended.nAdd butter to pan, once all the butter has melted add the eggs. Using a rubber spatula continuously stir the eggs as they cook. Add chopped peppers just before the eggs start to set. Cook until fluffy and creamy in consistency.nPlace the English muffins onto a sheet pan. Spread a tablespoon of the tomato sauce onto each toasted English muffin. Evenly distribute the scrambled eggs over the English muffins. Top each with 2 tablespoons of shredded cheddar. Make a smiley face on each pizza using the sliced sausage as eyes and a nose and red pepper strip as a smile.nBake in oven for about 4 minutes or until cheese is melted., ingredients: [4 eggs, 14 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 8ounce jar roasted red peppers, diced, reserve 4 3inch strips, 4 wholewheat English muffins, toasted, 14 cup jarred tomato sauce, 12 cup shredded white Cheddar, 2 links breakfast sausage, sliced into 12 thick slices], title: Breakfast Pizza, picturelink: lkA7IUwriLzNKCNPWB8CfbwY1AiIfW}, 58102: {instructions: Pour oil in a deep fryer or heavy saucepan to reach halfway up the sides of the pan. Heat to 325 degrees F, use a deep fry thermometer to determine this. While the oil is heating, peel the potatoes and push through a French fry cutter to form uniform sticks. As you go, place the cut potatoes in a bowl of ice water to release some of the starch and to keep them from browning.nDry the potato strips thoroughly, this will keep the oil from splattering. Fry the potatoes in batches so the pan isnt crowded and the oil temperature does not plummet. Cook for 3 minutes until they are soft but not browned. Remove the potatoes with a longhandled metal strainer and drain on brown paper bags.nBring oil temperature up to 375 degrees F. Return the parfried potatoes to the oil in batches and cook a second time for 4 minutes until golden and crispy. Drain on fresh brown paper bags then place in a serving bowl lined with paper towels. Salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [Peanut or other vegetable oil, for frying, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, Salt, to taste], title: Double Fried French Fries, picturelink: null}, 58103: {instructions: Freeze the cheese about 10 minutes, then cut off the rind and slice the cheese into 1inch cubes. Freezing makes it easier to cut. Whisk the eggs, milk, parsley and chives in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Heat a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, then add the butter. When the foam subsides, add the egg mixture and cook, undisturbed, until the edges set, about 30 seconds. Using a rubber spatula, pull the set egg around the edges into the center of the pan. Repeat, drawing the spatula around the edge of the pan, until most of the eggs are set, about 5 minutes. Scatter the cheese on top and let melt slightly, then fold the eggs over the cheese. Remove from the heat and let sit until the cheese melts, about 1 more minute.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [6 ounces brie or Camembert cheese, 12 large eggs, 14 cup milk, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Soft Scrambled Eggs With Brie, picturelink: rHme2yXxYd1WdnqM6WPlXfE.k7rom}, 58104: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the blue cheese sauce: Combine the mayonnaise, blue cheese, sour cream, buttermilk, honey and garlic powder in a bowl and whisk until blended. Set aside.nFor the buffalo chicken meatballs: Heat the olive oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and saute until soft and translucent, 5 to 8 minutes. Let cool.nIn large bowl, combine the buttermilk, torn bread and 2 tablespoons of the hot sauce and mix to form a paste. Add the ground chicken, breadcrumbs, ranch dressing mix, egg and 12 cup of the diced celery and mix with your hands until combined. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and spray with cooking spray.nForm the meatball mixture into 16 even mini patties, about 2 12 inches in diameter. Place a cube of blue cheese in the center of a patty and wrap the meat around the cheese. Roll into a uniform ball and place on the prepared baking sheet. Continue with the remaining patties and cheese cubes, making sure to wash your hands in cold water a few times between rolling to keep the meatballs from sticking to your hands. Bake the meatballs until lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the meatballs bake, prepare the buffalo sauce. In a medium pot over mediumlow heat, combine the butter, honey and remaining 1 cup hot sauce. Heat until the butter is melted, whisking until well blended. Continue to cook until the sauce is heated through.nTransfer the meatballs to a large mixing bowl and pour over the buffalo sauce. Gently toss to coat and transfer to a platter. Garnish with a drizzle of the blue cheese sauce and the remaining 14 cup diced celery. Serve the rest of the blue cheese sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, cut into medium dice, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 1 slice white or wheat bread, torn into small pieces, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons hot sauce, such as Franks, 1 pound ground chicken, 12 cup plain breadcrumbs, 1 package ranch dressing mix, 1 large egg, 34 cup diced celery, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the aluminum foil, 4 ounces blue cheese, cut into 12inch cubes, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Buffalo Chicken Meatballs with Blue Cheese Sauce, picturelink: L7ivG2c62fIIYezaG1tIMPgoaXI7svG}, 58105: {instructions: Toast the chiles in a dry skillet or saucepan over mediumlow heat, shaking the pan, about 2 minutes. Pour 12 cup boiling water on top, cover and let soak 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan to high. Grill the tomatoes, turning, until charred. Transfer to a food processor. Add the chiles and their soaking water, onion, garlic, oregano, lime juice, sugar and 1 14 teaspoons salt pulse until chunky. Set aside, about 1 hour. Garnish with cilantro.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [4 dried arbol chiles, stemmed, 1 pound plum tomatoes, halved, 12 white onion, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano preferably Mexican, Juice of 12 lime, Pinch of sugar, Kosher salt, Fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Salsa De Arbol, picturelink: ypLQ0Nc6gq0eVTNNavZZibCWyGX7Lq}, 58106: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium bowl, combine soy milk, vanilla extract, egg, canola oil and peanut butter and mix well. In a large bowl, combine oats, flour, sugar and baking soda. Pour the peanut butter mixture into the dry ingredients and stir until a stiff dough forms. Mix in the chocolate chips. Form into 1inch round balls and drop onto lightly greased cookie sheets. Bake for 1315 minutes, or until lightly browned., ingredients: [14 cup soy milk plain or vanilla, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 12 cup natural peanut butter, either crunchy or smooth only peanuts and salt, 34 cup old fashioned oats, 1 cup whole wheat flour, 23 cup cane sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 13 cup semisweet chocolate chips], title: Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: fMk5761Culf4KHnHFNv3Z4QuqJsEQUi}, 58107: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the dipping sauce: Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Set aside to allow the flavors to develop.nButterfly the shrimp by cutting down the back, being careful not to cut all the way through. Open the shrimp like a book and rinse well with cold water.nMake the Tempura batter: Put 1 cup of rice flour in a bowl and pour in the seltzer. Stir with a whisk to get out all the lumps. Add the egg yolk and blend it in well. The batter should be the consistency of heavy cream. Flavor with sesame oil, if using.nHeat about 2 inches of vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a wok or deep fryer. Dry the shrimp well. Dust the shrimp in flour to soak up any remaining moisture, shake off excess. Dip the shrimp into the batter one by one. Drop 4 or 5 pieces at a time in the hot oil. Do not overcrowd the pan. Fry until golden brown, turning once, about 3 minutes. To keep the oil clean between batches, skim off the small bits of batter that float in the oil. Remove the fried shrimp from the oil and drain on paper towels season them with salt. Serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 cup soy sauce, 14 cup sake, 1 tablespoon hot chili sauce recommended: Srirachi Hot Chili Sauce, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 cup rice flour, plus 1 cup for dusting, 1 cup cold seltzer water, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, optional, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt], title: Shrimp Tempura with Soy Sake Dipping Sauce, picturelink: CZSqJW2kweuS3Eec7j0qyQQ48h3nvaO}, 58108: {instructions: Mix the crumbled cornbread and the bread crumbs in a large bowl. Add sausage, raisins, and apple pie filling. Mix well. Add seasonings. Pour in half of the chicken broth and the cream of mushroom soup and stir well. Add the remaining broth until you get the moisture consistency desired.nLay the shoulder flat. Spoon the stuffing mixture onto the center and spread to within 12inch of sides. Roll the roast from the shortest end. Using several lengths of cotton twine, tie the roast securely and knot the string.nPlace the rolled roast in a roasting pan coated with oil and flour. Rub the meat with the olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, rosemary and sage. Cover, and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until meat thermometer reaches 170 degrees, about 1 hour 45 minutes. Remove cover, and allow the roast to brown slightly. Allow roast to cool slightly before slicing., ingredients: [1 package cornbread mix I use Jiffy Cornbread mix, which is 8 12 ounces prepared per directions, cooled and crumbled, 2 cups bread crumbs, 1 pound country sausage, browned and drained, 12 cup raisins, 1 cup of apple pie filling, cut into small pieces, 1 tablespoon sage, add more according to taste, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, add more according to taste, 2 cups of chicken broth, 1 10 12ounce can cream of mushroom soup, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 pork shoulder, 4 to 5 pounds, deboned and cut butterflystyle, Oil and flour for roasting pan, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon crushed, dried rosemary, Sage, to taste, Cotton twine], title: Stuffed Pork Shoulder, picturelink: null}, 58109: {instructions: Trim the spare ribs, removing the upper brisket bone and any excess fat this will produce a St. Louisstyle rib. Rinse the ribs and season with Neelys Seasoning, and then cover and refrigerate for 4 to 12 hours.nIndirect cooking in a barbecue pit is recommended to prevent burning. Cook at 250 degrees F curled side of ribs facing up for the first 3 hours, and then increase the temperature to 300 degrees F for the final 3 hours. Sprinkle the ribs with Neelys Seasoning Mix during the last 30 minutes of cooking.nMix all ingredients together in a bowl., ingredients: [3 to 4 pounds spare ribs, 4 ounces Neelys Seasoning Mix, recipe follows, 8 ounces paprika, 4 ounces sugar, 2 teaspoons onion powder], title: Neelys Dry BBQ Ribs, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 58110: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine gelatin and water in a small bowl and let soften for 5 minutes.nCombine the milk, sugar, and semolina in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil, while stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. When the mixture reaches a boil, stir in the softened gelatin and vanilla. Set aside to cool completely.nWhip the cream to medium stiff peaks and fold into the semolina mixture, working in 3 batches.nLine the bundt pan with moistened cheesecloth. Pour the mixture evenly into the mold and refrigerate until firm, about 2 to 3 hours.nUnmold on a platter, fill the center with fresh berries, and serve., ingredients: [14 cup water, 1 12 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 2 cups milk, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup semolina, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 pints fresh berries, like raspberries, blueberries, and sliced strawberries, Equipment: 9inch Bundt pan cheesecloth], title: Semolina Crema, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 58111: {instructions: Bring Ruby Port and sugar to a boil in heavy small saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes, or until mixture is syrupy. Cool sauce slightly.nScoop ice cream into 4 wine glasses or sundae dishes. Spoon 14 cup of warm sauce over each glass of ice cream, and then spoon hot fudge sauce over. Sprinkle with white morsels. Serve immediately.nCooks Note: The Ruby Port sauce can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate, and then reheat in the microwave., ingredients: [2 cups Ruby Port, 1 12 cups light brown sugar, 1 quart vanilla or chocolate chip ice cream, 12 cup hot fudge topping, warmed, 14 cup white morsels], title: Port of San Francisco Sundae, picturelink: null}, 58112: {instructions: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine cream of celery soup and chicken broth stir until smooth. Add the artichoke hearts and cayenne. Bring to a boil. Pour soup into a blender and mix until consistency is smooth. Return to pot and slowly stir in cream. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve hot., ingredients: [1 10.5ounce can condensed cream of celery soup, 1 12ounce can lowsodium chicken broth, 1 12ounce jar waterpacked artichoke hearts, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 12 cup cream, Salt and pepper], title: Cream of Artichoke Soup, picturelink: null}, 58113: {instructions: Skewer shrimp and lemongrass. Mix garlic, Thai basil leaves, salt, pepper and cilantro together in a large bowl. Brush skewered shrimp with marinade. Marinate covered for 4 hours in the refrigerator. Grill skewers for about 2 minutes on each side., ingredients: [6 shrimp, heads removed, 6 pieces lemongrass, core only cut in 3inch pieces, Metal or wooden skewers soaked in water for 20 minutes, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 10 Thai basil leaves, chopped, Pinch sea salt, Fresh ground black pepper, Chopped cilantro leaves], title: Lemon Grass Skewered Shrimp, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 58114: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCrust: Combine the butter, flour and salt in the food processor. Pulse until the mixture looks like grated Parmesan. Drizzle in half of the ice water and pulse until the mixture forms a rough ball, adding the remaining water if needed. Remove the dough from the food processor, form it into a disk, wrap in plastic and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.nFilling: Cooks Note: Enough for 2 tarts. Its easier to make a larger quantity and it will last in the refrigerator for months.nIn a small saucepan melt the butter and cook it until it starts to brown and begins to smell like hazelnuts. Transfer the butter to the bowl of a stand mixer equipped with a paddle, then add the sugar and beat together on a medium speed. Gradually add the flour. Once the flour is incorporated, add the eggs, 1 at a time. Beat in the vanilla bean seeds.nApples: In a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the apples and sugar and cook until they start to soften, about 6 to 7 minutes. Pull the pan off the burner and add the brandy. Return to the fire and flambe, if desired, or just let the alcohol burn off. Toss in the raisins and reserve.nAssembly: Remove the dough from the refrigerator 15 minutes before ready to use, this will allow the dough to soften and come to room temperature.nDust a clean work surface with flour. Roll the dough out to about 18inch thickness and lay it into a 9inch tart pan with lots of overhang on the sides. Schmear half of the filling into the bottom of the tart pan and top with the apple mixture. Fold the dough overhang over the top of the apples. Brush the dough with the egg wash. Refrigerate the other half of the filling for another use.nBake the tart in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown and slightly crispy, about 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the tart from the oven, cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 12 sticks cold butter, cut into peasize pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch kosher salt, 14 cup ice water, 1 12 sticks butter, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 3 eggs, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and cut into 8ths, 2 tablespoons sugar, Splash brandy, to flambe, 12 cup golden raisins, 1 egg beaten with 1 tablespoon water], title: Apple Raisin Tart, picturelink: null}, 58115: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large heavy enamellined casserole. Add peppers and onions and saute for a minute to get them cooking. Reduce heat to low, cover and simmer very gently until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Dont let olive oil get too hot or you will change the flavor. While these are cooking, cut eggplant into 34inch chunks. When peppers and onions are tender, add the garlic, eggplant, tomatoes and thyme and simmer over low heat for 30 minutes.nWhile this is cooking cut zucchini and yellow squash lengthwise into halves or quarters, depending on how thick they are. Remove seeds with a spoon, then cut into 34 inch lengths. After 30 minutes of stewing eggplant, add zucchini and squash to stew, cover and simmer, over very low heat until all the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes  you can simmer for another 30 to 40 minutes for more meltingly tender vegetables. Strain the stew through a sieve and return juices back to casserole. Reduce the juices over medium heat until they begin to sizzle in the olive oil. Return this to the stew, season well to taste with salt and pepper. Divide ratatouille into two portions to proceed., ingredients: [23 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 red bell peppers, cored, seeded and cut into fine julienne, 2 onions, finely sliced, 3 medium size 2 pounds of egg plant, scrubbed clean, 4 cloves garlic, finely sliced, 28 ounces can plum tomatoes, drained and chopped or 8 vine ripened tomatoes, peeled and seeded and chopped, 1 teaspoon dried thyme or sprigs of fresh thyme, 2 medium zucchini 1 pound, scrubbed clean, 2 medium yellow squash 1 pound, scrubbed clean, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Protean Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 58116: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a nonstick, standard 12 muffin tin and place in the oven to heat while you prepare the batter.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour and salt. In a smaller bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, and melted butter until blended. Pour the wet ingredients into the dry and use a whisk to mix them together. Fill each hole in the muffin tin between 23 and 34 full. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes and then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake until they develop a nice brown color, an additional 15 minutes they should feel crusty. Opening the oven door while popovers bake increases the chances they will deflate so look through the window but dont give in to temptationnRemove the tin from the oven and turn the popovers out onto a flat surface to cool. Pierce the sides with the tip of a small knife to allow steam to escape as they cool. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 eggs, room temperature, 1 14 cups whole milk, room temperature, 1 tablespoon lightly salted butter, melted, plus additional for greasing the molds], title: Popovers, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 58117: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray. Whisk together the mustard and egg whites in a shallow pie plate. Combine the panko, Parmesan, lemon zest and parsley on a sheet of wax paper. Sprinkle the chicken with 12 teaspoon of the salt and 14 teaspoon of the pepper. Dip the chicken, 1 piece at a time, into the egg white mixture, then into the panko mixture, pressing to adhere. Place the chicken on the baking sheet. Lightly spray with cooking spray. Bake until the crust is golden and the chicken is cooked through, about 25 minutes. Do not turn. Meanwhile, toss together the lemon juice, oil, arugula and remaining salt and pepper in a large bowl. Evenly divide the salad among 4 plates and top with the chicken.nPer Serving: 285 Cal 34g Protein 6g Tot Fat 2g Sat Fat 3g Mono Fat 22g Carb 2g Fiber 3g Sugar 159mg Calcium 3mg Iron 814mg Sodium 69mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 large egg whites, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon grated lemon zest, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Four 4ounce skinless boneless chicken breasts, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons olive oil, One 5ounce package baby arugula], title: Crunchy Parmesan Chicken with Arugula, picturelink: null}, 58118: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace ice in a cocktail shaker. Add the whiskey, vermouth and bitters. Rub the orange peel around the rim of the cocktail glass. Strain the drink into the glass. Add 1 to 2 Real Maraschino Cherries and enjoynBring the liqueur to a simmer, and then turn off the heat. Add the cherries, stir, let cool, and then pour into jars. Refrigerate. Cherries will be tasty for months., ingredients: [Ice, 2 parts whiskey, 1 part sweet vermouth, 1 to 2 dashes bitters, such as Angostura, Orange peel, Real Maraschino Cherries, recipe follows, 1 cup maraschino liqueur, 1 pint sour cherries, stemmed and pitted in a pinch, you can buy a jar of sour cherries in light syrup, and drain the syrup], title: Classic Manhattan Cocktail, picturelink: iWRPHwKNnhHCfEjYHEZQCxYt4UYOS}, 58119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish.nBring the chicken broth to a boil over mediumhigh heat in a medium saucepan. Add the orzo and cook until almost tender, about 7 minutes. Pour the orzo and the broth into a large bowl. Set aside.nMeanwhile, melt the butter over medium heat in a medium skillet. Add the onions and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Add the mushrooms and continue to saute until the mushrooms are beginning to turn golden around the edges, about 7 minutes. Add the Marsala. Scrape the brown bits off the bottom of the pan and cook until the Marsala has reduced by half, about 5 minutes. Add the mushroom mixture to the orzo in the large bowl. Add the cream, fontina, mozzarella, peas, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine. Pour the mixture into the prepared baking dish.nIn a small bowl combine the bread crumbs, Parmesan, and dried thyme. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture on top of the pasta. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [4 cups chicken broth, 1 pound orzo pasta, 3 tablespoons butter, plus more to grease the baking dish, 1 onion, chopped, 8 ounces mushrooms, sliced, 1 cup Marsala wine, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces shredded fontina cheese about 1 cup, 4 ounces diced fresh mozzarella cheese about 1 cup, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon dried thyme], title: Baked Orzo with Fontina and Peas, picturelink: jCzRla.BnmvnVq0wpCJoTc0zFd.Jz6}, 58120: {instructions: Remove the seeds and skin from the honeydew. Blend the honeydew, pears and ginger until liquefied. Pour the Pear vodka into a tall chilled glass and add the melonpearginger concoction. Stir and serve., ingredients: [112 oz. of Pear vodka, 12 honeydew melon, quartered, 2 pears, quartered, 2 thin slices of fresh ginger], title: Pear and Melon Cocktail, picturelink: I7vswDdsU3gzgdJpnNpVbKtX2S.7eGm}, 58121: {instructions: In a large kettle or stockpot combine the carcass with 4 12 quarts of the water, or enough to cover it, and simmer, uncovered, for 3 hours. Strain the stock through a large sieve into a large bowl, return it to the kettle, and boil it until it is reduced to about 10 cups.nIn a blender puree the garlic and the gingerroot with the remaining 13 cup water. In a heavy kettle heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it cook the puree, stirring, for 2 minutes, or until the liquid is evaporated. Add the curry powder and the cumin and cook the mixture, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the potatoes, peeled and cut into cubes, onion, carrots, and 5 cups of the stock and simmer the mixture, covered, for 30 minutes, or until the vegetables are very soft. In the blender puree the mixture in batches until it is smooth, transferring it as it is pureed to another large kettle. Stir in the remaining stock, coconut milk, lime juice, and salt to taste, simmer the soup for 10 minutes, and stir in the chopped coriander.nThe soup may be made 2 days in advance, cooled completely, uncovered, and kept covered and chilled. The soup keeps, covered and frozen, for 2 months. Serve the soup garnished with the coriander sprigs., ingredients: [Carcass of a roast turkey, broken into large pieces, About 4 12 quarts 18 cups plus 13 cup water, 4 garlic cloves, 3 1inch cubes of peeled fresh gingerroot, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 large boiling potatoes about 1 pound total, 4 cups chopped onion, 3 carrots, sliced, 1 cup canned unsweetened coconut milk available at Asian markets, specialty food shops, and some supermarkets, 14 cup fresh lime juice or to taste, 13 cup finely chopped fresh coriander plus coriander sprigs for garnish], title: Turkey Mulligatawny Soup with Coriander, picturelink: null}, 58122: {instructions: Special equipment: A piping bag or resealable plastic bagnFor the brownies: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of two 8inch round cake pans. Cut two 8inch circles out of parchment and line the bottoms of the cake pans with the parchment.nStir together the butter, granulated sugar, vanilla and eggs in a medium bowl. In another bowl, whisk together the flour, cocoa powder, salt and baking powder. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and stir until just combined. Stir in the chocolate chips and divide the batter between the prepared pans, smoothing the tops. Bake until the brownies begin to gain a crust around the edges, pull away from the edge and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes.nLet the brownies cool fully in the pans on cooling racks, about 1 hour. Cut each circle into 8 equal triangles with a knife. Use a small offset spatula or pie server to lift each triangle out of the pan.nFor the American buttercream frosting: Combine the confectioners sugar, butter and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a handheld electric mixer. Mix on low speed until mostly incorporated. Add the vanilla, increase the speed to mediumhigh and mix until smooth. Loosen the consistency with milk as desired. Add 24 drops green food coloring and 1 drop red food coloring and mix on medium speed for 1 minute. Set aside.nTo assemble: Using the tip of a paring knife or a skewer, poke a small hole along the bottom edge of each brownie. Insert a candy cane trunk into each hole.nFill the piping bag with the frosting and cut 14 inch off the tip. Using a zigzag motion, pipe the frosting from the base to the tip of each tree. Decorate the trees with sprinkles and top each with a candycovered chocolate as the star., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing the pans, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 34 cup semisweet chocolate chips, Sixteen 1 12inch pieces candy cane, White sprinkles and small nonpareil candycovered chocolates, such as SnoCaps, for decorating, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Pinch of fine salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 to 12 tablespoon whole milk, 24 drops green food coloring, 1 drop red food coloring], title: Christmas Brownie Trees, picturelink: rYsNcz0o8Hm5cNBi70syhIKm2tYWTO}, 58123: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the milk and the cinnamon stick until just simmering. In a mug, combine the cocoa powder, sugar and water and stir to make a paste. Remove the cinnamon stick from the milk. Pour the milk into the mug and stir to mix well. Add the vanilla extract and stir. Grate a little dark chocolate on top for garnish.nCalories: 139 Fat: 3g Saturated Fat: 1.5g Protein: 9g Carbohydrates: 20g Sugar: 18g Fiber: 0.5g Cholesterol: 12mg Sodium: 8mg, ingredients: [1 cup lowfat milk, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 teaspoons water, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Dark chocolate, as a garnish], title: Hot Chocolate, picturelink: s8Xxh168N7nKwGEBPeqvje93nJWwTVq}, 58124: {instructions: Roast or grill the red bell peppers until the skins are charred then, using tongs transfer them to a covered container such as a small pan with a lid or even a plastic ziploc bag to let them rest. Peel them when cool.nPrepare the pesto. Cut the peeled red peppers brunoise julienne then crosswise into 18inch pieces and combine with garlic, pine nuts, and olive oil. Fold in parmesan cheese and season with freshly ground black pepper. Add salt only if needed, since the cheese will add saltiness.nToast the baguette slices lightly on a baking sheet and set aside.nBring Champagne to a boil in a saucepan. Squeeze in juice of lime, then add scallop and poach until they are no longer translucent. Remove scallops to a utility platter and let Champagne reduce by about twothirds.nSpoon some red pepper pesto onto each slice of bread and top with a scallop. Top with a small amount of the champagne reduction and serve., ingredients: [2 large red bell peppers, washed and halved with stems and seeds removed, 3 garlic cloves, finely minced, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, chopped, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Freshly ground black pepper, Salt, if needed, 1 baguette loaf, cut into 24 pieces, 2 cups Champagne, 1 fresh lime, 24 large scallops], title: Champagne Poached Scallops with Red Pepper Pesto, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 58125: {instructions: Put the ham and 12 cup milk in a small bowl refrigerate 1 hour. Meanwhile, melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots, celery, garlic, thyme sprig, cayenne and 12 teaspoon each salt and black pepper. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes discard the thyme. Add the flour and cook, whisking, 1 minute. Whisk in the remaining 1 cup milk cook, whisking, until thick, 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and refrigerate until cold, about 1 hour.nTransfer the chilled mixture to a food processor and pulse until almost smooth. Add the chicken and 12 teaspoon salt pulse until the meat is finely ground. Drain the ham and add to the food processor along with the parsley pulse until combined. Transfer to a bowl.nBrush a baking sheet with vegetable oil. With lightly oiled hands, shape the chicken mixture into about twenty 2to3inch croquettes. Transfer to the baking sheet and refrigerate 30 minutes.nSpread the breadcrumbs in a shallow dish whisk the eggs in another dish. Dip the croquettes in the eggs, then coat in the breadcrumbs return to the baking sheet. Cover and chill until ready to fry.nHeat 2 inches of vegetable oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the croquettes until browned, about 4 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Serve warm or at room temperature with honey mustard.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 cup finely diced country ham, 1 12 cups whole milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 14 cup finely chopped celery, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 sprig thyme, Large pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch chunks, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Vegetable oil, for brushing and frying, 1 12 cups breadcrumbs, 3 large eggs, Honey mustard, for dipping], title: ChickenHam Croquettes, picturelink: 8Zu1IWBZpGnGs7T6178gB6WO7z8VV2}, 58126: {instructions: Pour 3 inches of vegetable oil into a heavy bottomed pot and place over medium heat until a bread cube placed in the oil browns within 1 minute.nCoarsely chop the artichokes or alternatively crush by hand and put them in a large mixing bowl. Add the garlic and scallions, milk, egg, lemon zest and lemon juice. Mix the flour, baking powder, salt and pepper in a separate bowl and quickly mix the dry ingredients into the artichoke mix. Drop the fritters by the heaping tablespoonful into the hot oil and fry until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Work in batches until all the batter is used. Keep warm in a low oven until ready to serve. Immediately before serving, squeeze a little fresh lemon juice over all and hit with a bit of kosher salt. Serve with a dollop of Lemon Cream on top, if desired.nWhisk all ingredients together in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 1 18ounce can artichoke hearts, drained, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 3 scallions, chopped, 14 cup milk, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, 12 lemon, to squeeze over fritters, Kosher salt, to sprinkle, Lemon Cream, recipe follows, optional, 1 cup sour cream, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Artichoke Fritters, picturelink: g02wZrPcXU4aBpxghnifc1jFvkIRkIW}, 58127: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the salmon fillets with salt and pepper. In a large ovensafe sautu00c2u00bf pan over mediumhigh heat, coat the bottom of the pan with oil and heat the oil. Pansear the seasoned fish, skinside down, until browned, about 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the fish to the oven for 10 minutes. In a large, deep sautu00c2u00bf pan over mediumhigh heat, cook the pancetta until crisp, stirring frequently. Then add the cabbage into the pan, cover the pan and continue cooking until the cabbage is soft, about 15 minutes.nTo make the Thyme Beurre Blanc: In a saucepan, combine the white wine, diced shallots, crushed garlic, rosemary, and thyme. Cook until the wine is reduced by 34, then strain the wine into another saucepan and gradually whisk in the butter until the sauce is smooth.nServe the salmon fillets over the cabbage and drizzle the beurre blanc over the top., ingredients: [4 6ounce wildcaught salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for sauteing, 12 pound pancetta, diced, 1 head red cabbage, thinly sliced, 1 12 cups white wine, 1 shallot, diced, 1 clove garlic, crushed, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 12 sticks butter], title: Pan Seared Salmon with Pancetta Fried Cabbage and Thyme Beurre Blanc Sauce, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 58128: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with parchment or waxed paper. Sprinkle both sides of salmon with rub, about 34 teaspoon per piece. Rub seasonings into salmon. Place 2 pieces of salmon on their side, with the skin back to back, on the prepared baking sheet, repeat with remaining salmon, and refrigerate, uncovered, for at least 2 hours and up to 12 hours. Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, prepare an ice water bath. Bring a medium saucepan of lightly salted water to a boil. Add carrots and cook for 1 minute. With a slotted spoon, transfer to ice water bath. In a separate small saucepan, place potatoes. Cover with water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer and cook until tender about 10 minutes. With slotted spoon transfer to ice water bath. When vegetables are cool, drain and reserve. Transfer the pairs of salmon fillet, with the skin still back to back, on center of cedar plank. In a medium bowl, combine carrots, potatoes, pepper, and mushrooms. Add 2 teaspoons lemon juice, oil, salt, pepper, parsley, and garlic. Toss to combine. Transfer vegetables to cedar plank, surrounding salmon. Sprinkle with juice of 13 lemon. Transfer plank to oven. Bake for 8 minutes. Remove from oven. Turn fish over and return to oven. Bake until salmon reaches an internal temperature of 120 degrees F, an additional 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from oven. Serve directly on plank, or transfer to plates. Brush with melted butter, if desired. Garnish with lemon slices.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine paprika, salt, lemon pepper, sugar, garlic, tarragon, and basil. Store in airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 months. Yield: about 14 cup, ingredients: [4 4ounce center cut salmon fillet strips, with skin 34 to 1inch thick, 1 tablespoon Cedar Salmon Dry Rub, recipe follows, 2 medium carrots, peeled, quartered lengthwise, and cut crosswise into 4 pieces, 2 medium red potatoes, scrubbed and quartered, 1 medium red bell pepper, seeded, deveined, and cut into 1 by 4inch pieces, 4 white button mushrooms, cleaned and trimmed, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, plus juice of 13 lemon for sprinkling over salmon, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 medium cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted optional, Lemon slices, for serving, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 2 teaspoons lemon pepper, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon dried whole tarragon, 1 teaspoon dried whole basil], title: Cedar Plank Roasted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 58129: {instructions: Place 1 teaspoon of pomegranate seeds in the bottom of each of 6 champagne glasses. Fill halfway with pomegranate juice and top up with cold champagne. Garnish with a sprig of mint., ingredients: [2 tablespoons pomegranate seeds, One 8ounce carton pomegranate juice, 1 bottle champagne, chilled, 6 sprigs fresh mint], title: Pomegranate Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: fDaNgWDvXS3gVXILEgNdPbbX3.dazpG}, 58130: {instructions: In a blender, combine the poblanos, onion, and lime juice and blend until smooth. While the blender is running add the oil slowly until emulsified. Add the spinach and blend until smooth. Add the honey and season to taste with salt and pepper. May be refrigerated up to 1 day ahead. Bring to room temperature before serving.nPlace kernels in a medium bowl. Heat oil in a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the onions and season with salt and pepper. Saute until soft and caramelized. Add the onions to the corn, fold in the creme fraiche and basil leaves and season with salt and pepper to taste. Keep warm until needed.nSeason the eggs and flour with salt and pepper. Place the tortilla chips in food processor and pulse until the chips are finely ground. Place the eggs, flour, and ground tortillas in 3 separate bowls. Season the snapper fillets lightly on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat oil, in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Dredge each fillet in the flour and shake off any excess. Dip into the beaten egg and let the excess drip off. Dredge in the ground tortillas and saute for 3 minutes on each side. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and serve immediately with a side of Sweet OnionCorn Relish., ingredients: [2 poblano peppers, roasted, peeled, and seeded, 14 medium red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 34 cup olive oil, 12 cup spinach or arugula leaves, 2 teaspoons honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 ears of corn, roasted and kernels removed, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large Vidalia onions, medium dice, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 6 basil leaves, chiffonade, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces of blue corn tortilla chips, 4 6ounce red snapper fillets, 6 tablespoons olive oil], title: Blue Corn Tortilla Red Snapper with Poblano Vinaigrette and Sweet OnionCorn Relish, picturelink: null}, 58131: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay the tomato slices on a wire rack over a baking sheet and sprinkle with 1 teaspoon salt. Let sit for 10 minutes to drain, then pat lightly with paper towels.nMeanwhile, put the Cheddar crackers, butter, egg and bacon in food processor and process until well combined. Press the mixture into a 9inch pie plate. Combine the Cheddar, mayonnaise, garlic and jalapeno in a medium bowl. Spread the mayonnaise mixture in an even layer in the crust and top with the tomato slices, overlapping them in a circle. Brush the tomatoes with olive oil and bake until the Cheddar is melted, the tomatoes are curling and the crust is starting to brown, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [4 large plum tomatoes about 1 14 pounds, sliced into 14inch thick rounds, Kosher salt, 3 12 cups mini Cheddar crackers, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 large egg, 6 slices cooked bacon, 2 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 12 cups mayonnaise, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, Olive oil, for brushing], title: Tomato Pie with Cheddar Crust, picturelink: K8DYRQ9noAGTUuoxNRhFOjctyJWCpdq}, 58132: {instructions: Add the mascarpone, bacon and bacon fat to a bowl and whisk until combined. Slowly pour in the Base Vinaigrette, vigorously whisking to blend smoothly, until completely combined. Taste and season with salt and pepper if needed.nServe with salads and crudite, as a French fry dip or as a spread for a sandwich.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the vinegar, shallots and 1 teaspoon water. Slowly stream in the oils while whisking. Season with salt and pepper.nRecipe courtesy of Geoffrey Zakarian, ingredients: [2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 3 strips bacon, crispcooked and finely chopped, plus 1 teaspoon warm bacon fat, 12 cup Base Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Kosher salt and coarsely ground black pepper, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Creamy MascarponeBacon Dressing, picturelink: zEwamkhmAHqTTLn.czuLV.DKm5V74e}, 58133: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pan and when hot add the shrimps unpeeled, the oregano, rosemary, black pepper, salt, bay leaves and garlic. Saute gently for 5 minutes. Add the white wine and cook gently another 5 minutes, or until the wine is reduced to a syrup. Place on serving dish and pour over aromatic sauce., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 pounds jumbo shrimp whole, unpeeled, green, 1 small sprig fresh oregano, finely chopped or use dried, 1 small sprig fresh rosemary, finely chopped or use dried, Coarse black pepper, salt, 3 bay leaves, 6 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped fine, 12 cup dry white wine], title: Shrimp Moska, picturelink: null}, 58134: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 8ounce pudding basins or ramekinsnLightly butter 4 8ounce pudding basins. In the bowl of a heavyduty mixer or in a medium bowl using a hand held mixer, cream the butter and sugar together until the mixture is pale and creamy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, a little at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in the crystallized ginger. Fold in a few spoonfuls of the sifted flour into the bowl, alternating with spoonfuls of the milk, until both ingredients are used up and you have a smooth batter. Divide the pudding among the basins.nQuarter a sheet of parchment paper and fold a thin pleat down the middle of each minisheet. Place a piece over each basin and tie them down with string. Place the puddings in a steamer over a saucepan of gently simmering water and steam for 40 minutes or until the puddings are cooked through. Check the water level in the saucepan from time to time, adding more as needed. Switch off the heat and serve the puddings with the coconut custard and a sprinkling of crystallized ginger.nIn a small pan, whisk together the coconut cream, egg yolks, sugar, and cornstarch. Stir, without boiling, over low heat for 5 to 10 minutes, or until the custard has thickened enough to coat the back of your wooden spoon., ingredients: [3 12 ounces 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus extra for coating ramekins, 3 12 ounces caster sugar superfine, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 12 ounces crystallized ginger, finely chopped, plus more for garnish, 1 cup selfrising flour, sifted, 5 ounces milk, Coconut custard, for serving, recipe follows, 14 ounces coconut cream, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons caster sugar superfine, 1 teaspoon cornstarch], title: Little Steamed Ginger Puddings with Coconut Custard, picturelink: null}, 58135: {instructions: Mix all ingredients in bowl until well blended and reserve.nMassage pork with about half dry rub mixture the day before cooking. Refrigerate, covered well, overnight. Remove pork from cooler, rub down with another portion of dry rub, so that it is covered well. Next, brush molasses over top of pork. Preheat smoker to 200 degrees. Place pork in smoker, smoke for 8 to 10 hours or until internal temperature reaches 170 degrees. In the meantime prepare the slaw, and sauce for the sandwich. Remove pork from smoker and let sit for 20 minutes. Pull off meat and shred or chop as preferred.nMix ingredients in bowl until well combined. Let all marinate for 30 minutes. Before using on sandwich.nPORK SANDWICH SAUCE: 14 cup butter 12 quart white vinegar 12 cup apple cider vinegar 14 lemon, juiced 12 teaspoon salt Freshly ground pepper, to tastenPlace all ingredients in saucepan, bring to a boil and reduce the heat to a simmer. Simmer for 2 hours.nASSEMBLY OF SANDWICH: Place desired amount of shredded pork on top of 1 piece of bread, top with desired amount of slaw and sauce. Top with other piece of bread and squish the sandwich down slightly. Then enjoy., ingredients: [1 recipe shredded smoked pork butt, recipe follows, 1 recipe dry rub, recipe follows, 1 recipe pork sandwich slaw, recipe follows, 1 loaf spongy white bread, 12 cup Hungarian paprika, 14 ground black pepper, 18 cup salt, 14 cup sugar, 1 12 tablespoons garlic powder, 1 12 tablespoons cayenne pepper, 1 12 tablespoons onion powder, 1 5 to 8 pound Boston pork butt, 1 recipe dry rub above, 1 cup molasses, 2 cups shredded cabbage, 2 tablespoons minced onions, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, Fresh ground black, to taste], title: Bbq Pork Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 58136: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F and place a rack in the center of the oven.nIn a large Dutch oven or heavy pot with a lid, warm the oil over medium heat, then stir in the popcorn kernels. Cover the pot and shake periodically until the kernels start to pop, then shake more until the popping slows. This should take a total of 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the lid, then spread the popcorn evenly on a baking sheet and sprinkle with the peanuts if using, and set aside.nIn a small saucepan set over medium heat, melt the butter, then stir in the sugar and cook until the mixture starts to bubble and the sugar dissolves, 4 to 5 minutes. Drizzle over the popcorn and peanuts. Bake the popcorn until the sugar crisps and the popcorn has a light golden color, 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable or canola oil, 12 cup popcorn kernels, 1 cup lightly salted peanuts, optional, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup packed light brown sugar], title: Sweet and Salty Conductor Corn, picturelink: FcH77eEKbBzdURdARcozzgsU3fWjOJC}, 58137: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a plastic straw and two 16ounce or four 8ounce Mason jars, optionalnUsing the plastic straw, remove the white bitter interior and stem of each strawberry. You do this by centering the straw on the bottom pointed end of the fruit, pushing up through the inside to the top and popping off the stem in one smooth motion. Staying centered on the fruit with the straw is the key to quickly hulling and removing the bitter core of strawberries. You can alternatively cut the stems and white bitter flesh out with a knife.nIn a blender, combine the strawberries, blueberries, coconut water and strawberry yogurt and cover with the lid. Press the setting for puree and let it run until the texture is nice and smooth, at least 30 seconds.nPour into two 16ounce Mason jars or glasses, or four 8ounce jars. Garnish with granola and mint leaves., ingredients: [2 cups strawberries, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup coconut water, 1 cup strawberry yogurt, Granola, for garnish, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Strawberry and Farm Fresh Blueberry Smoothie, picturelink: jZ6560CNuOGOIBHS0ZvWyGrXIXW2C.a}, 58138: {instructions: Heat oil in a medium stock pot that all 4 artichokes can sit in and not able to roll over. Add onions and cook until translucent, then add garlic. Reduce heat to medium, to keep garlic from burning. Once garlic and onions are cooked, deglaze pot with white wine. Add the remaining ingredients and mix together.nCut stems off artichokes, leaving 34inch on bottom. If tops of artichoke have big thorns remove with scissors. Add artichokes to stock pot insuring that they do not roll over on their sides.nFill stock pot with water with 2 inches of the artichoke out of the water. Boil the mixture, covered for approximately 20 minutes or until a center leaf is removable by tongs.nWhen done remove, let cool briefly and serve with mayonnaise or aioli of choice., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 red onions, chopped, 3 tablespoons garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup white wine, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 4 fresh artichokes, Serving suggestions: mayonnaise or aioli of choice], title: Guidos Artichoko, picturelink: null}, 58139: {instructions: In a Dutch oven, heat oil over medium heat. Add onion, celery and garlic. Cook about 15 minutes or until vegetables are soft and beginning to brown.nAdd the undrained tomatoes, roasted peppers, thyme, oregano and red pepper flakes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour in wine and beef stock. Stir and bring to a simmer. Cook partially covered for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the clam juice and continue cooking uncovered for 5 minutes.nStir in scallops, fish pieces and cook for 5 minutes. Add shrimp and clams. Cook for 5 more minutes. Stir in lemon juice. Ladle into bowls and sprinkle with parsley and serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 celery rib, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 4 cups canned chopped tomatoes, undrained, 12 cup roasted red peppers, diced, 1 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 13 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups beef stock, 1 cup bottled clam juice, 12 pound sea scallops, 1 pound firm white fish, cut into 1inch pieces suggested: cod, halibut, striped bass, red snapper, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 24 small clams in the shell, scrubbed, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, Crusty bread, for serving], title: Seafood Cioppino Stew, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 58140: {instructions: In a shaker, add tomato juice, vodka, lemon juice, Worcestershire, soy, wasabi, horseradish, hot pepper sauce, celery salt and black pepper with a few cubes of ice and shake vigorously. Check for seasoning. Serve in tall glasses filled with ice and garnish with pickled lotus. Serve with Wasabi Fried Onions.nIn a small nonreactive saucepan, combine the vinegar, salt, sugar, turmeric, bay and chiles and bring to a boil. Add lotus and reduce heat to simmer for 20 to 30 minutes. Take off heat and let stand until cool, then transfer to a jar with a lid and refrigerate overnight.nMix the flour, wasabi and white pepper in a large bowl. Add the onions and toss well until completely coated. Place onions in fryer basket, strainer or spider and shake off excess flour. Fry at 375 degrees for only 3 to 5 minutes or until golden brown. Drain on paper towels, season with salt and serve immediately., ingredients: [32 ounces V8 tomato juice or the equivalent, 4 to 6 shots Absolut Citron can make a virgin bloody, just add the juice of 1 more lemon, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon naturally brewed soy sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly grated wasabi, flash frozen or powder made into a paste, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 12 shakes hot pepper sauce, Pinch celery salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Ice, Lemon wedges, Pickled Lotus, for garnish, recipe follows, Wasabi Fried Onions, recipe follows, 2 cups rice wine vinegar, 12 tablespoon salt, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon turmeric powder, 1 bay leaf, 2 Thai bird chiles, 1 large lotus root, peeled and cut into 14inch disks, 3 cups rice flour, 12 cup wasabi powder, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 2 large red onions, sliced paper thin], title: Wasabi Bloody Mary with Pickled Lotus, picturelink: null}, 58141: {instructions: Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Set up a large bowl of ice water. Add the green beans to the pot and cook until crisptender, 2 to 3 minutes. Drain and plunge the green beans into the ice water to stop the cooking. Drain the green beans.nWhisk the vinegar, mustard and honey in a large bowl. Whisk in the oil until emulsified. Add the green beans, cannellinis, kidneys, basil, parsley and shallots to the bowl and toss to coat. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, Ice, 8 ounces fresh green beans about 2 cups, washed and cut in half, 14 cup sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, One 15ounce can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped, 1 shallot, minced, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Three Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 58142: {instructions: Separate stems from the mushroom caps. Peel away any dirt from the stems being careful not to remove too much of the skin. Thinly slice the stems and reserve. With a pastry brush, dust dirt off the porcini caps. Heat a medium size saute pan, add 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil. Saute the mushroom caps in the hot saute pan until golden brown.nIn a bowl, combine the arugula with the reserved slices mushroom stems toss with 3 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Place salad onto a plate and top with hot porcini mushroom caps., ingredients: [2 12 pound fresh whole porcini mushrooms, 5 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 bunches arugula, washed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Salad of Porcini Two Ways, picturelink: null}, 58143: {instructions: Start whipping heavy cream adding sugar, to taste. When the cream begins to thicken, add the egg yolks and whip to stiff peaks. Separate whipped cream in 2 separate bowls. Add blueberries to 1 bowl.nPlace chocolate cookie on a plate add blueberry cream over, place vanilla cookie on top of the cream then add plain whipped cream on top. Decorate with blueberries and peaches., ingredients: [12 pint heavy cream, Sugar, 2 large egg yolks, 20 blueberries, 4 large soft chocolate cookies, 4 large soft vanilla cookies, 8 peaches, each cut in 4 lengthwise], title: Cookies and Cream, picturelink: null}, 58144: {instructions: Place peas in a medium bowl and mash thoroughly with a potato masher or fork. Or puree peas in a small blender or food processor and transfer to a medium bowl. Add avocado, yogurt, lime juice, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 black pepper, cumin, and chile powder. Continue to mash until blended.nStir in tomatoes, onion, and some cilantro andor jalapenos, if using. Season with additional salt and pepper, if desired. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 15ounce can early or young peas, drained, 12 cup mashed avocado about 1 medium avocados worth, 14 cup fatfree plain Greek yogurt, 4 teaspoons lime juice, 12 teaspoon minced garlic about 12 clove, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more, optional, 18 teaspoon black pepper, plus more, optional, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon chile powder, 13 cup chopped cherry or grape tomatoes, 14 cup finely chopped onion, Chopped fresh cilantro, optional, Chopped jarred jalapenos, optional], title: Holy Moly Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 58145: {instructions: Combine the orange juice, lime juice, honey, and eggs in a blender and mix until smooth. Pour into glasses and garnish with grated nutmeg, to taste., ingredients: [1 pint orange juice, 1 lime, juiced, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 eggs, Grated nutmeg], title: Balmoral Sunrise, picturelink: null}, 58146: {instructions: Cooking at the table: Put the empty sukiyaki pan or large castiron skillet over the heat source or use an electric skillet at the table. Start to melt suet in the pan over medium heat, using long chopsticks or a fondue fork to move it around so the entire pan bottom is well greased. The fat should smoke slightly. Quickly sprinkle about 3 tablespoons of sugar over the bottom and continue moving the fat in the pan it should not be entirely melted yet. The sugar will caramelize, turning brown and sticky. At this point, add about 14 cup water and 14 cup sake. There will be some sputtering but this helps entertain guests. Add sake, stir add dark soy sauce, stir. Begin the cooking by laying a few slices of beef into the pan. The beef should take about 1 minute to cook. Add more beef, switch to vegetablesincluding shirataki, tofu and futhen alternate back to beef. Each diner should put into the pan whatever he or she likes. Add water or half waterhalf sake to the pan occasionally, as the sauce is reduced. The ingredients should not swim in the sauce the liquid should just keep the pan bottom covered.nSet each place with an individual dipping bowl into which an egg has been broken. This alone is the dipping sauce. If you serve a whole egg at each place, which is attractive, provide a saucer or some vessel for the empty shells. Each diner mixes the egg with chopsticks or fork. As with the other nabemono, longhandled fondue forks are best for anyone who is a little shy about using chopsticks, but dinner forks will do in a pinch.nBefore eating, dip cooked meat and vegetables into the egg the thin coating of egg cooks on as soon as it is in contact with the hot food. There is no other garnish or relish. To end the meal, serve hot cooked rice, mild pickles, and Japanese tea as a final course. Serve hot sake or cold beer up to rice course.nSuggested Sake: Rich SakenHave your butcher cut wellmarbled sirloin beef into very thin slices. .nBuy grilled bean curd yakidofu or use any type of bean surd tofu available. ., ingredients: [10 to 12 shiitake mushrooms, wiped and trimmed, crosses notched on caps, if very large, cut in half, 2 cakes grilled bean curd yakidofu cut into 1 12inch squares as you arrange the platter, 12 pound shirataki filaments, parboiled for 1 to 2 minutes, 12 small pieces wheat gluten fu, soaked for about 5 minutes, squeezed gently and drained, 2 ounces beef suet, 3 tablespoons sugar, Several cups water or half water, half sake, 12 cup sake, 12 cup dark soy sauce, 6 eggs, 2 pounds sirloin beef, well marbled, 6 green onions, cut diagonally into 1 12inch lengths, 1 bunch trefoil, if stalks are very long, cut in half], title: Sukiyaki OsakaStyle, picturelink: null}, 58147: {instructions: Slice all the vegetables thinly with a very sharp mandoline and put them in icy water for about an hour. Combine marinade ingredients. Cut the tuna in a long thin slices about 12inch thick and let sit in the marinade for about 20 minutes. In a medium size skillet over high heat sear the tuna briefly, until rare. Reserve on the side once done. Drain all the vegetables, dry them and season with a little bit of lemon and olive oil seasoned to taste. Place a small amount in the middle of the plate and add the thin slice of tuna on top of it. Combine tapenade dressing and drizzle vinaigrette on tuna., ingredients: [1 head fennel, 2 pink radishes, 1 stalk celery, 2 scallions, 2 asparagus spears, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 minced clove garlic, 1 teaspoon crushed black pepper, 8 ounce yellowfin tuna, 3 tablespoons black olive puree, 3 tablespoons basil puree, Juice of 2 lemons, 3 tablespoons virgin olive oil], title: Marinated Seared Tuna, Crispy Vegetables, Tapenade Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58148: {instructions: In a small jar with a tightfitting lid combine vinegar, shallots, oil, and salt and pepper to taste and shake sealed jar until vinaigrette is emulsified. Vinaigrette may be made 1 day ahead and chilled. Bring vinaigrette to room temperature and shake before using. In a saucepan of boiling salted water boil haricots verts until crisptender, 3 to 4 minutes, and transfer to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop cooking. Drain beans in a colander and pat dry between paper towels. Beans may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, wrapped in a paper towel in a sealable plastic bag. Divide greens among 6 salad plates and top with beans. Sprinkle salads with onion and hazelnuts. Drizzle with viniagrette., ingredients: [2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, 13 cup hazelnut oil or extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound haricot verts, trimmed, 12 pound baby lettuce, washed and spun dry, 12 pound frisee, washed and spun dry, 2 tablespoons sliced red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped hazelnuts toasted], title: Mixed Greens and Haricots Verts with Hazelnut Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58149: {instructions: Quarter and thinly slice the mushrooms. Heat the butter in a heavy saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and mushrooms, season with salt and pepper, and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened and any liquid mushrooms give off has evaporated. Add broth and cream and simmer 15 minutes. In a blender, puree half of mixture use caution when blending hot liquids. Stir puree and Sherry into the soup remaining in pan. Heat soup until hot, season with salt and pepper, and set aside to cool.nDivide the soup among 4 1 12 to 2cup deep, ovensafe bowls about 5 to 6 inches in diameter, and stir some of the chives into each.nUsing a pizza cutter, cut out discs from the puff pastry about 12inch larger in diameter than the width of the soup bowls. Brush the inner edges of the pastry disks with some of the beaten egg. Invert the pastry discs egg washedside down over the soup bowls and press the edges onto the sides to seal. Brush the tops with some of the beaten egg. Refrigerate for 1 hour or up to a day in advance.nWhen ready to serve: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the soup bowls on a baking sheet and bake until golden brown, puffed, and steaming, about 30 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 onions, chopped, 1 12 pounds portobello mushrooms, stemmed, Kosher salt and pepper, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 to 3 tablespoons mediumdry Sherry, or to taste, 14 cup thinly sliced fresh chives, 1 17 14ounce package frozen puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed, 1 large egg, beaten], title: Cream of Portobello Mushroom Soup with Puff Pastry Tops, picturelink: null}, 58150: {instructions: Puree 4 seeded jalapenos, 1 cup cilantro, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 garlic clove, the juice of 1 lime and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Jalapeno Cream, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 58151: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a skillet to medium heat and brown sausage until crisp, 5 to 7 minutes a side. Reserve the fat in the pan and set aside the sausage. Add the butter to reserved fat and melt. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Whisk in the flour and cook until blonde, 2 to 3 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk and some salt and pepper, and simmer until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. When ready to serve, stir in the chopped chives.nFor the sandwich build: With a fork, carefully split a hot Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuit in half. On the bottom biscuits, drizzle some honey, and then place the sausage patties delightfully on top. Slather on some gravy and top with the other biscuit half  simple, yet mind blowing.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Place a heavy castiron skillet preferably 12 inch into the oven to preheat. Chill a large mixing bowl, pastry cutter, the flour and 1 stick of the butter in the freezer 15 minutes before assembling the biscuits.nAdd the flour to the chilled mixing bowl. Working quickly, cut 1 stick of the butter into the flour using the chilled pastry cutter or your fingers the goal here is peasize balls of butter. In batches, add in the buttermilk until the dough is cohesive yet still moist. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and lightly press into a 1inchthick round. Using a 2 12inch biscuit cutter or the business end of a dry measuring cup, cut out 10 biscuits. Use the extra dough to cook up a big piece of shortcake for dessert....strawberry shortcakenCarefully remove the skillet from the oven and add the oil. Place the dough rounds into the hot skillet, right up against each other, and brush with the melted butter. Bake until golden brown, 15 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 roll breakfast sausage, cut into eight 34inch slices, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 8 Grapevine KY Buttermilk Biscuits, recipe follows, warmed, or your favorite biscuit, Honey, for drizzling, 4 cups selfrising flour, plus more for dusting, 1 stick good butter, plus 3 tablespoons melted, 2 to 3 cups cold buttermilk, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil], title: Sausage and Gravy Biscuit Sandwiches, picturelink: D7mJ0oEEXd2Eb5OhpZul8VFTO26cjDG}, 58152: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nToss the raspberries with 2 tablespoons of the sugar and the raspberry liqueur if desired. Let sit for 10 minutes.nBeat the eggs in a large bowl. Whisk in the salt and 12 cup of the sugar, until just blended. Sift the flour into the bowl, whisking it into the mixture just blended.nButter 6 individual gratin dishes. Divide the raspberries among them. Divide the egg mixture among the dishes. Sprinkle with the remaining 2 tbs. sugar. Place on cookie sheet in the oven. Cook for 15 minutes, or until the top has just begun to harden and the center is still creamy. Pass under the broiler for a moment to brown. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds raspberries, 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons raspberry liqueur, if desired, 3 large eggs, Pinch of salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour], title: Raspberry Gratin, picturelink: null}, 58153: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the crema fresca and the cumin. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nBring the water to a boil and lightly salt it. Add the plantain pieces, and cook until the slices are soft, about 15 minutes. Drain the plantains, let cool, and push them through a ricer. Form the mashed plantains into small golfball sized portions. Refrigerate the plantanos until completely chilled and rested, about 15 to 20 minutes.nLine a tortilla press with plastic wrap, and press out each piece of dough. Set aside until all the dough is used.nPlace a small wedge of queso blanco in the center of each plantain circle. Fold the dough around the cheese like an envelope. Roll the package, sealing the edges and making sure the cheese is completely enclosed.nIn a deep saucepot, heat enough oil to deepfry the plantain packages. When the oil reaches 375 degrees F, fry the plantains until they are golden brown all over, about 2 minutes. Drain the plantains on paper toweling.nServe drizzled with the cumincrema fresca sauce., ingredients: [4 tablespoons crema fresca or sour cream, mixed with a little water, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups water, 2 pounds yellow sweet plantains, peeled and cut into 3inch pieces, 8 ounces queso blanco, 1 12 cups corn oil], title: Fried Plantains with Cheese: Plantanos Fritos con Queso, picturelink: null}, 58154: {instructions: For the pickled carrots: In a large bowl, whisk together the sugar, vinegar, and salt until dissolved. Add the carrots, toss to coat and allow to pickle for about 2 hours. For the pork: Combine the soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar, fivespice powder, garam masala, black pepper, garlic and shallots in a resealable plastic bag. Seal and shake until well dissolved. Add the pork to the bag, massage the marinade into the pork and marinate for 1 hour. When youre ready to cook the pork, grab a large castiron skillet. Place the pan over high heat until it is smoking. Using a pair of tongs, pull each pork chop out of the marinade, shake off the excess and place it in the pan. Dont crowd the pan  no meat should be touching You want the meat to sear, not steam. After about 2 minutes, flip each chop it should be a caramel brown color. Cook another minute on the other side and remove from the pan. If youre cooking in batches, cook the remaining chops. Slice the chops into thin strips. For the sandwiches: Warm the tortillas up over an open flame so they become soft and pliable. I also like to char them a little If you dont have a gas stove, warm them in a pan over medium heat, or pop them in a microwave for 10 to 15 seconds. Smear a little mayo down the middle of the tortilla. Then, pile a little layer of pickled carrots, some cucumber slices, a few sprigs of cilantro, some mint leaves, pork chop strips, a few slices of chiles a and squeeze of fresh lime juice over the top. Wrap, and secure with toothpick. Wrap in parchment paper if youre taking them to the beach, or just eat right away if youre notnAdd the green cardamom seeds, cloves, black cardamom seeds and cinnamon sticks to a spicecoffee grinder and grind until fine. Store in an airtight container away from direct sunlight., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup distilled white vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 cups shredded carrots 10 ounces, 14 cup soy sauce I use glutenfree lowsodium tamari, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon garam masala, storebought or homemade, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 small shallot, minced about 3 tablespoons, 1 pound 12inch thick boneless centercut pork loin chops, 4 flour tortillas glutenfree alternative: brown rice tortillas, or use small corn ones and make these as tacos, Mayonnaise, as needed, 1 English cucumber, sliced thinly on the bias, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, 1 bunch fresh mint, 4 Fresno chiles, or jalapeno peppers, sliced thinly, 2 limes, each cut into 4 wedges, 14 cup green cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 2 tablespoons of seeds, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 4 large black cardamom pods, shelled, husks discarded about 1 tablespoon of seeds, optional, 3 large cinnamon sticks if you have the kind you get at Indian stores, its about 3 tablespoons of cinnamon bark bits], title: Banhmi Wrap: Vietnamese Grilled Pork Wrap with Pickled Carrots and Mint, picturelink: l61vIaJbTdrz9ap9ByH.WYB9M0YfPAy}, 58155: {instructions: Salt a pot of boiling water, and cook the penne according to instructions on the package. Drain the penne, reserving some pasta water. Pour the pasta into a mixing bowl, along with some pasta water. Add the grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, formaggino, and butter. Allow the hot pasta to melt all the ingredients. Mix well and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound penne rigate pasta, 12 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano cheese, 2 tablespoons formaggino Italian cream cheese, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt], title: Pasta al Burro con Formaggino: Pasta with Butter and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 58156: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees and butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish and set aside.nUsing a mandolin, Vslicer or the slicing attachment on a food processor, slice the potatoes approximately 18inch thick. If you dont want to slice all the potatoes at once, slice them one at a time and build the gratin as you go. Create the first layer by laying the slices in overlapping rows. Once the first layer is down, season lightly with salt and pepper, then scatter with mushroom slices and a couple tablespoons of the cheese. Dont overdo it on these layers, if you create a barrier between the adjoining potato layers, the gratin wont set. Continue building layers until youre out of potatoes or out of room to build, but be sure to save 12 cup of the cheese for the top.nPour 23 cup of the half and half over the gratin then spread both hands over the surface and push down to work the air out from the layers. Add remaining liquid only if half and half does not come to the surface when you push down. Sprinkle the gratin with cheese, cover loosely with foil and place in middle of oven for 1 hour. Check for doneness by inserting the point of a paring knife straight into the gratin. If it goes through smoothly, remove the foil, return to oven, and turn on the broiler just long enough to turn the top goldenbrown. Remove, and allow to sit at room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 or 6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 2 or 3 Portobello mushroom caps, sliced thin, 1 cup grated hard cheese such as Parmesan or Asiago, 34 cup halfandhalf, Kosher salt and ground black pepper], title: PotatoPortobello Gratin, picturelink: null}, 58157: {instructions: Begin by cleaning the whole prime rib thoroughly. Pat dry, then rub well on all sides with the creole blend.nAllow the meat to sit for at least 1 hour.nPlace the prime rib on an electric rotisserie on medium heat. Cook to an internal temperature of 135 degrees F, then remove.nAllow the meat to rest for at least 30 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [1 whole boneless prime rib 12 to 15 pounds, 2 cups Creole spice blend], title: Chili Rubbed Rotisserie Prime Rib, picturelink: xEST1jNkOqE3n2iXu8LuxBrHoM0rnW}, 58158: {instructions: Brush peppers with olive oil and place on prepared grill. Grill until peppers are soft.nArrange grilled peppers on a platter and drizzle with Yogurt Sauce. Sprinkle with capersnROSEMARY YOGURT SAUCE: To make sauce: In a small bowl combine all ingredients and mix until wellblended. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 red bell peppers, quartered and seeded, 3 yellow bell peppers, quartered and seeded, Olive oil, for brushing, Capers, for garnish, 1 cup plain yogurt, 1 teaspoon minced rosemary, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Peppers with Rosemary Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58159: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDivide the chocolate hazelnut spread among the tortillas and spread evenly over half of the surface of each.nOn a griddle or in a large skillet over medium heat, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter until bubbly. Add 1 or 2 of the tortillas, spreadside up, to the griddle. Spread 13 cup marshmallows in an even, single layer over the chocolate spread on each tortilla. Cook until the tortillas bubble in the pan and turn light golden brown on the bottom.nUsing a spatula, quickly fold the uncovered half of the tortilla over the marshmallows, making a halfcircle. Press on the top of the tortillas gently to seal. When the marshmallows are slightly melted and spongy, flip the crepe and let stand in the pan until the underside is just hot do not overcook.nTransfer the crepes to a cutting board and let stand for 1 minute. Repeat with the remaining butter, tortillas, and marshmallows.nTo serve, put the chopped hazelnuts on a plate. Cut the crepes in half crosswise, and then quickly press the cut side and round edges into the nuts to adhere. Sprinkle additional nuts over the top and serve immediately garnished with banana slices, if desired., ingredients: [34 cup chocolate hazelnut spread, Four 8inch wheat tortillas, room temperature, 12 stick salted butter, 1 13 cups miniature marshmallows, 12 cup finely chopped hazelnuts, or pistachios, or pecans, Sliced bananas, for serving, optional], title: Fake Crepes, picturelink: xycKF5zojIR7ndfqP0BPFz5zEHuz.j.}, 58160: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat 12 cup of oil and the butter in a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and eggplant and cook gently over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring often, until tender. It may be necessary to add more oil as the eggplant soaks the oil up quickly. Towards the end of cooking time, add the whole garlic cloves and half of the basil leaves.nIn the meantime, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and blanch the tomatoes for 4 to 5 minutes until the skin splits and the tomatoes are softened. Remove the tomatoes with a slotted spoon and place them in a mesh colander set over a large bowl. Reserve the cooking liquid.nWhen they are cool enough to handle, core the tomatoes and peel off the skin. Using clean hands, squish the tomatoes, pushing the pulp through the sieve into the bowl underneath. At first you will have a watery liquid. Add the tomato liquid to the eggplant and then continue to push the tomato pulp through the sieve, until you have only seeds and hard pulp pieces left. Finally, add the rest of the pulpy liquid to the eggplants and season with salt and pepper to taste. Add the sugar and continue to cook for 10 more minutes, until thickened.nIn the meantime, bring the reserved cooking liquid back to a boil, add additional salt, and cook the fettuccine according to directions on the package. Drain well.nTo serve, spoon a third of the eggplant into a bowl and set aside. Toss the pasta in the saute pan with the remaining eggplant and add the packaged mozzarella. Place the mixture in a large serving bowl and top with the reserved eggplant, the fresh mozzarella and the Parmesan. Garnish with the remaining basil leaves and serve hot., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped, 3 large eggplants, chopped 5 cups, 3 whole garlic cloves, peeled, Leaves from 10 to12 sprigs of fresh basil, Kosher salt, 10 to 15 plum tomatoes, Freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of sugar, 1 12 pounds dry fettuccine, 12 pound packaged mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes, 1.1 pounds fresh mozzarella, cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Antonias Pasta Alle Melenzana Eggplant Pasta, picturelink: hjXBLAMAfG0SB8Cu0EUGzRm4GYNODym}, 58161: {instructions: Make the cookies: Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and granulated sugar in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until fluffy. Beat in the egg, then beat in the vanilla and almond extracts. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture and beat until combined. Cover and chill 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Scoop 1inch mounds of dough onto the prepared baking sheets, about 2 12 inches apart flatten the mounds with your fingers. Bake until the cookies are golden around the edges, about 10 minutes. Let the cookies cool 10 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Beat the butter, almond and vanilla extracts, and salt in a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until smooth and creamy. Transfer to a piping bag fitted with a small star tip. Pipe the frosting onto the cooled cookies and top with nonpareils or Jordan almonds.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch of salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons almond extract, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 34 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, Silver nonpareils or Jordan almonds, for topping], title: Sugar Cookies With Almond Frosting, picturelink: 252YUb.GrnOEkpJWftDVQVWCcLTzS}, 58162: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Butter 2 cookie sheets and set aside. Roast 34 cup of pecans in oven for 10 minutes or until they emit a good aroma. Remove from oven and cool to room temperature. When cooled, chop pecans with sugar in a food processor until finely ground. Add flour, butter, egg yolk and salt. If dough is too soft, add up to 14 cup more flour otherwise work dough with your hands.nGather dough into a 1 12 inch round sausage, wrap in waxed paper and rest in fridge for 2 hours or overnight. Cut into 14inch rounds and set on baking sheet. Press a pecan half in center. Dont place cookies too closely together or they will run into each other as they spread during baking. Bake for 15 to 17 minutes or until the cookies edges are golden brown. When they are baked they will give off a wonderful aroma. Remove baking sheets from oven and let cookies cool on sheets for 3 minutes. Then, remove them to a cookie rack to cool them further. Be careful when you handle these as they are very fragile., ingredients: [34 cup pecans, 12 cup flour, 13 cup superfine sugar, 8 tablespoons softened sweet butter, 1 egg yolk, Pinch salt, 32 pecan halves], title: Pecan Butter Cookies, picturelink: null}, 58163: {}, 58164: {instructions: Put butter, oil or combination in a large skillet over medium heat when butter melts or oil is hot, cook carrot, onion, potato and thyme with a healthy sprinkling of salt and pepper. Stir occasionally, adjusting heat so vegetables do not brown. When onion is softened, about 5 minutes, add zucchini and continue to cook until everything is tender, 10 to 15 minutes.nAdd pear and cook until it has softened, about 5 minutes more. Add liquid and bring to a boil taste and adjust seasoning. Cool mixture, then puree. Serve cold or reheat and serve hot, garnished with mint, if desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or extravirgin olive oil, or a combination of both, 1 medium carrot, peeled and diced, 1 medium onion, peeled and diced, 1 medium potato, preferably highstarch russet or baking, peeled and diced, 12 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, or a pinch of dried thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 medium zucchini, trimmed and diced, 2 medium ripe but still firm pears, peeled, cored and diced, 4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, or use water, Mint leaves for garnish, optional], title: ZucchiniPear Soup, picturelink: null}, 58165: {instructions: Pour about half the tonic into a bowl. Scatter the gelatin over the surface, do not stir, set aside until the gelatin blooms softens. Meanwhile, warm the rest of the tonic over very low heat until just simmering. Whisk hot tonic, then gin and lime juice into the gelatin. Pour jelly into 4 2 ounce shot glasses and garnish with lime wedges or citrus of choice. Place in the refrigerator for 2 hours or overnight until set., ingredients: [1 teaspoon gelatin, 5 ounces tonic water, 1 12 ounces gin, 2 teaspoons lime juice, Small wedges lime, key lime, or other small citrus], title: Gin and Tonic Jellies, picturelink: EU7CgHTlytTsyB2oYvBdRQBfdzMAxi}, 58166: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 2 to 3 quart baking dish.nSteam the broccoli in a large microwavesafe bowl with a splash of water, covered, until crisptender, 24 minutes. Alternatively, steam it in a saucepan with water over mediumhigh heat. Drain and set aside.nFill a large highsided skillet with about 1 inch water and bring to a boil. Add the chicken and cool until just opaque, about 5 minutes. Drain the chicken and pat dry with paper towels.nStir together the mushroom soup, mayonnaise, lemon juice and curry powder in a large bowl.nArrange the broccoli on the bottom of the prepared baking dish, then top with the chicken and then the mushroom mixture. Sprinkle the top with the Cheddar and breadcrumbs.nDot the top with the butter. Bake until bubbly and golden brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for buttering the baking dish, 2 cups broccoli florets, 1 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 2inch pieces, Two 10 12ounce cans cream of mushroom soup, 1 cup mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 cup dried breadcrumbs], title: Curried Chicken and Broccoli Casserole, picturelink: null}, 58167: {instructions: Rinse the ham and pat dry. To score the ham, use a serrated knife to make parallel cuts about an inch apart, across and through the skin into the fat. Cut diagonally across these first cuts to make a diamond pattern. In a food processor combine the parsley, sage, garlic, mustard, red pepper, salt, and pepper. Add 14 cup of the oil and pulse to a make a coarse paste. Rub the paste all over the ham, pressing it into the cuts. Cover the ham with plastic wrap, put on a pan, and refrigerate overnight. Remove ham from the refrigerator about 1 12 hours before cooking so the meat can come to room temperature. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a large roasting pan toss the onion wedges with the remaining oil. Place the ham on top of the onions and add 1 cup of the cider. Roast the meat for 30 minutes, reduce the oven temperature 300 degrees F. Cook the ham until an instant read thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 150 degrees F. A 13pound ham will take about 4 to 4 12 hours, about 20 minutes per pound. Meanwhile in a large saucepan bring the cider to a boil. Reduce the heat to a brisk simmer and cook the cider until syrupy and about 1 12 cups. Skim off any foam that comes to the surface as the cider reduces. During the last 1 12 hours of cooking the ham, brush the reduced cider over the roast every 30 minutes to glaze the skin. Let the cooked ham rest, loosely covered with foil, at room temperature for 30 minutes before carving. Reserve the onions and pan juices, skimming off any excess fat. Carve the ham and serve with the onion and pan juices.nCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [One 12 to 14pound fresh ham, bone in and skin on, 1 cup chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, 12 fresh sage leaves, chopped, 6 large cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, 14 cup wholegrain mustard, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large Spanish onions, trimmed and cut into 1inch wedges, 1 gallon apple cider], title: Roast Fresh Ham with Cider Glaze, picturelink: null}, 58168: {instructions: In a food processor, combine onion, cilantro, lime juice and vinegar. Turn processor on and stream in oil from the chute. Add salt. When the dressing is smooth, green, emulsified in appearance, turn off processor.nPlace quarters of iceberg lettuce on a serving platter or on individual salad plates. Pour dressing over ice burgs and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons red onion, chopped, 13 cup cilantro leaves, 2 handfuls, 1 lime, juiced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large head iceberg lettuce, core removed and quartered], title: BigasanIce Burg Salad, picturelink: leNxmvl5ZiUX4j3DZzgAbpmvOBnmm}, 58169: {instructions: Gently mix ingredients, let sit for 5 minutes. Cook on a hot griddle like a pancake until golden brown. Flip and brown other side. Serve with butter and maple syrup or jam., ingredients: [1 cup johnnycake meal, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 34 cups hot water, 13 cup light cream], title: Johnnycakes, picturelink: null}, 58170: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nGrind the fennel seeds, peppercorns and salt in a spice grinder. Place the pork shoulder into a roasting pan and cut the rind into cross hatches. Rub the spice mixture into the meat and put it in the oven for 4 hours.nArrange the potatoes around and under the meat and put it back into the oven for 1 hour.nNow add the garlic, shallots and carrots around the pork. If your roasting pan is not large enough to accommodate all the vegetables, place them in a separate roasting pan. Cook for 30 minutes, then add the pears. They dont need much cooking time and will disintegrate if cooked too long. Cook for another 30 minutesnWhen the meat is tender and flakes with a fork, remove it and the vegetables and keep warm. This will give the pork time to rest and become more tender. If the pork rind is not crispy, put it under the broiler for a few minutes until it is really crunchy and crispy.nTo make the gravy, pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the fat from the roasting pan. Stir the flour into the roasting pan, add the wine, put the roasting pan onto a burner over mediumhigh heat and cook until the wine is reduced by half. If not using the wine, do this with the stock. Now add the stock and scrape off any bits of meat and vegetable on the bottom of the pan. Taste and add any seasoning if you think it needs it.nIf the gravy is too thin, make a paste in a bowl with 1 tablespoon and 1 tablespoon flour. Add some of the hot gravy to the small bowl and stir. Add this to the hot stock, stirring constantly and bring to a boil. The gravy will thicken slightly.nIf your gravy is too thick, just add a touch more stock. Serve the meat and vegetables with the gravy.nThis dish struggles to make it to the table as the family descends upon it while I am trying to finish the gravy Use any leftovers for pork sandwiches with some crunchy pickle., ingredients: [2 teaspoons fennel seeds, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Kosher salt, One 4 12pound boneless pork shoulder, 4 to 5 large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut into large chunks, 5 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 6 to 8 medium whole shallots or 1 large onion cut into 6 wedges, 3 carrots, cut into large pieces, 2 large pears, cut into quarters, 1 heaping tablespoon allpurpose flour, 34 cup white wine, optional, 1 cup good quality chicken stock, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Really Slow Roast Pork Shoulder with Crispy, Crispy Crackling and Garlic Roast Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 58171: {instructions: Remove wide strips of zest from 2 lemons with a vegetable peeler do not remove the pith. Make 2 cups simple syrup recipe below, adding the lemon zest before heating. Let cool, then pour into an icefilled pitcher. Stir in 12 teaspoon salt, 2 cups each fresh lemon juice and water, and some lemon slices.nPhotograph by Jonathan KantornSimple Syrup: To make 2 cups simple syrup, bring 1 12cups each sugar and water to a boil, stirring until dissolved. Let cool., ingredients: [], title: Perfect Lemonade, picturelink: .IdJdnFIY3RkeoGfKYIdDkvAPHkiDVa}, 58172: {instructions: Bring the salted water to a boil.nMeanwhile, prepare the leeks: Cut off and discard the top third of the rough green portion and the root ends. Remove any brown or wilted outer layers. Slice the remaining green and white parts into 12inch thick rounds. Rinse the leek slices in several changes of cold water, swishing them around to remove all soil and grit.nIn a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium heat. Crumble the sausage meat into the skillet and cook, breaking up the lumps, until golden, about 5 minutes. Add the leeks to the skillet and cook, stirring, until wilted, about 5 minutes. Stir in the shallots and cook for 1 minute. Add 1 tablespoon of the butter, the peas, and stock. Heat to a boil, reduce the heat to mediumlow, and simmer gently for 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, cover the skillet, and set aside.nMeanwhile, stir the bow ties into the boiling water. When the water returns to a boil, uncover the pot. Cook the pasta, stirring occasionally, until al dente  tender, but firm  about 12 minutes. Drain the bow ties well and return them to a pot over low heat.nAdd the sausage and leek sauce to the pasta and toss well until the pasta is coated. Remove the pot from the heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and the grated cheese, and toss well. Transfer to a warmed serving platter or individual bowls. Serve immediately, passing additional grated cheese on the side, if you like., ingredients: [6 quarts salted water, 2 large leeks, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 sweet Italian sausages, casings removed, 1 tablespoon minced shallots, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup young peas, blanched in boiling water for 2 minutes, or defrosted and drained frozen baby peas, 1 cup chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bowtie pasta farfalle, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano cheese, plus more for serving, if you like], title: Bow Ties with Sausage and Leek Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58173: {instructions: Gently crush olives between your palm and the countertop. Remove pits and tear olives into 2 to 3 pieces. Put frisee, endive, fennel, shallot and olives into a bowl and mix gently with Lemon Vinaigrette. Taste for seasoning, adding salt and pepper to taste.nCombine all ingredients in a dressing bottle or small bowl. Mix well before using., ingredients: [12 c. castelvetrano olives, 2 heads frisee, base and core removed, 2 heads endive, halved, core removed and sliced into thin strips lengthwise, 1 small to medium fennel bulb, sliced thinly, 1 small shallot, sliced thinly, Lemon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Salt and black pepper, Baguette, from your favorite bakery, for serving, 2 T. lemon juice, 2 T. lemon zest, 3 T. olive oil], title: Fennel, Endive and Frisee with Castelvetrano Olives, Shallots and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 58174: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make Greek vegetables, begin by adding olive oil to a hot pan. Add onion bulbs, and let them become translucent. Add artichokes, red pepper, fennel, mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, and white wine and let simmer for 15 minutes. Once the liquid is reduced, your vegetables are ready to be served.nIn another pot, make the pepper coulis. Heat a pan and add the oil. Add the garlic and the peppers to the pan. When the peppers become soft, add the thyme and chicken stock. Bring to boil, reduce heat, and let the peppers become very soft. Remove the thyme sprigs, put the mixture in a blender, and puree the peppers into a sauce.nTo prepare lobster, remove claws and cut lobster in half, lengthwise. Remove the eyes and any discolored pieces. Season with salt and pepper. Add a small amount of olive oil to the lobster flesh to prevent sticking to grill. Place each half flesh down, and grill for 4 to 5 minutes.nWhile lobster is cooking, prepare the butter that will be served with the lobster. The butter should be room temperature. Add tarragon, garlic, shallots, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Cream all ingredients together.nTo prepare the claws, boil a pot of water on stove and steam claws for 5 minutes. Quickly remove claws and cool claws in ice. Once the claws are cooled, remove the meat from the shells.nTo Assemble: Place Greek vegetables in a serving dish with lobster claws on top, and red pepper coulis on side as a dipping sauce.nFor the grilled lobster, place lobster on serving dish, and add butter mixture on top. Dish is ready to be served., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 small fresh onion bulbs, halved, 2 small artichokes, trimmed and choke removed, 12 red pepper, trimmed and seeded, 14 head fennel, trimmed, 4 mushrooms, trimmed, 6 cherry tomatoes, hulled, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup canola oil, 1 garlic cloves, 4 red peppers, trimmed, seeded, and cut into strips, 2 sprigs thyme, 4 ounces chicken stock, Salt and pepper, 4 1 12 pound blue lobsters, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds butter, 4 tablespoons chopped tarragon, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 4 tablespoons chopped shallots, 4 teaspoons lemon juice], title: Grilled Blue Lobster with Greek Vegetables, picturelink: 4ZTZ8f07kGzREVnxRcigp1emjeucYO}, 58175: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large stockpot over moderate heat. Saute the onions for 10 minutes. Add the carrots, celery, corn and potatoes and saute 2 minutes longer. Pour in the clam juice. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring the white wine to a boil in a large saucepan and reduce by onethird. Add the clams, cover and steam, shaking the pan occasionally, until the clams open up, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove and discard any that do not open. Remove the cover and let the clams cool in the pot. When cool enough to handle, separate the meat from the shells, reserving the juice, and chop the clams. Set aside. Reserve the cooking liquid.nAdd the tomato, red pepper and jalapeno to the soup pot and cook over low heat an additional 10 minutes. Strain the reserved cooking juices and clam juice through a fine kitchen towel or coffee filter into the soup. Add the chopped clams and cook 10 more minutes. Stir in the cilantro, lime juice and pepper. Taste for salt, since the clams may be salty, and serve steaming hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 onion, diced, 1 carrot, peeled and diced, 1 celery rib, washed and diced, 4 ears corn, husked and kernels removed, 6 baby red new potatoes, unpeeled, washed and diced, 1 quart clam juice, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 12 pounds Littleneck clams, Manila clams or Cockles in the shell, 1 Italian Roma tomato, cored, seeded and diced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and diced, 1 jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded, if desired, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, Juice of 1 lime, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Salt to taste], title: Clam and Corn Chowder, picturelink: null}, 58176: {instructions: Prepare grill. Soak skewers in warm water for 20 minutes. While skewers are soaking, thinly slice garlic and in a shallow glass dish stir together with gingerroot and 2 tablespoons lime juice. Season marinade with salt and pepper. Holding a knife at a 45 degree angle, cut steak crosswise into about 14inch thick slices and add to marinade, tossing to coat well. Marinate steak at room temperature for 10 minutes. In a small bowl whisk together hoisin sauce, ketchup, and remaining lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Drain skewers. Beginning at one end of each slice of steak of steak, weave a skewer lengthwise through it, stretching slice on skewer to flatten, and transfer to a plate. Season sates with salt and pepper. Grill sates on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals 30 seconds to 1 minute on each side for mediumrare. Serve sates with hoisin dipping sauce and lime wedges. Garnish with lemon wedges., ingredients: [28 8inch wooden skewers, 2 large garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled fresh gingeroot, 14 cup fresh lime juice, or to taste, 8 ounces skirt steak, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 lemon, cut in wedges, 1 lime cut in wedges], title: Beef Sates with Hoisun Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58177: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the squash in a 12inch highsided skillet, cover halfway with water and bring to a simmer. Turn to low, cover with a lid and cook until tender crisp, about 8 minutes. Set the squash aside to cool.nDrain the water from the skillet, wipe dry and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the oil and once hot, stir in the turkey sausage. Cook, stirring, until almost cooked through, about 4 minutes. Stir in the onions and cook until softened, about 4 minutes more. Toss in the tomatoes, season with a big pinch of salt and pepper and cook until the tomatoes start to break down a bit, 1 more minute. Set aside to cool.nWhile the mixture is cooling, trim the ends of the squash, slice in half lengthwise and scoop out the seeds with a spoon, making a boat shape. Chop up the centers and combine with the sausage filling.nSpoon the mixture into the shells, mounding them high, and place on a baking sheet. Mix together the panko, Parmesan and chopped parsley in a small bowl and sprinkle on top of the stuffed squash. Drizzle everything with olive oil and bake until golden on top, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [4 large yellow squash straightneck variety, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 Italian turkey sausages, casings removed about 8 ounces, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 pint grape tomatoes, sliced in half, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup panko breadcrumbs, 14 cup Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Stuffed Summer Squash Boats, picturelink: null}, 58178: {instructions: Fill a Collins glass with the beer.nPour the sake into a shot glass. Place 2 chopsticks on top of the glass and balance the shot glass on the chopsticks.nWhile doing the sake chant the guest beats on table until shot glass falls into the beer glass., ingredients: [58 ounces Kirin beer, 1 14 ounces filtered sake], title: Sake Bomb, picturelink: tFf8JPmSRCAvv.kU872pQVr35m0FbSC}, 58179: {instructions: 1. Heat oven to 350u00b0F. Spray large unrimmed cookie sheet with baking spray with flour. Unroll dough on work surface. If using crescent rolls, unroll dough on work surface and separate into 2 large rectangles. Overlap long sides to form 13x7inch rectangle firmly press edges and perforations to seal. 2. In small microwavable bowl, microwave chocolate chips and oil uncovered on High 2 minutes, stirring once, until mixture can be stirred smooth. Spread evenly on dough. 3. Starting with 1 long side of rectangle, roll up pinch edge to seal. 4. With serrated knife, cut into 12 slices, wiping knife between cuts. Arrange slices on cookie sheet, seam side down, in a 7inch diameter circle, leaning each slice against the previous one. Tuck last one under the first to complete the ring. 5. Bake 14 to 18 minutes or until golden brown. Using a large, flat spatula or fish turner, tip pan and slide the ring onto serving platter. 6. Meanwhile, in 4quart saucepan, mix sugar, raspberries and 14 cup water bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Break up berries with spatula or wooden spoon if frozen together. Continue to cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until berries burst and mixture begins to boil vigorously. Combine cornstarch and 14 cup water in a small bowl. Stir into boiling mixture and continue to cook 2 minutes, or until mixture is very thick. Strain sauce through fine mesh strainer. Spoon 14 cup sauce over warm crescent ring. Serve with remaining sauce.nNutritional information amount per servings: Total Calories: 270, Sodium 290mg, Fat: 11g, Carbohydrates: 41g, Cholesterol: 0mg, Protein: 4g, Fiber: 4g, ingredients: [1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu2122 Crescent Recipe Creationsu2122 refrigerated seamless dough sheet or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu2122 refrigerated crescent dinner rolls, u00bd cup semisweet chocolate chips, u00bd teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 package 10 to 12 oz frozen raspberries, u00bc cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cornstarch], title: Chocolate Raspberry Crescent Ring, picturelink: sZSxH6VTbtTn3YZKhhRW0iYNdIw8BHm}, 58180: {instructions: In a large skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon until crisp, about 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer the crisp bacon to a paper towellined plate to drain.nSeason the chicken well with salt and pepper and sear in the same skillet, stirring, until the edges begin to brown, about 5 minutes. Add the bell pepper and garlic and cook until softened slightly, about 5 minutes. Add the corn, lima beans, pearl onions, hot sauce, and cream, and cook until simmering. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook until the vegetables are tender and the chicken is cooked through, about 15 minutes.nTaste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper stir in the reserved bacon and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 strips thickcut bacon, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into bitesized pieces, 1 green bell pepper, stemmed, seeded and chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 16 ounces about 3 12 cups sweet corn kernels, drained if canned, thawed if frozen, 16 ounces about 3 12 cups cooked lima beans, drained if canned, thawed if frozen, 2 cups peeled pearl onions, thawed if frozen, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot, or to taste, 12 cup heavy cream], title: Creamy Chicken Succotash, picturelink: UcOKvqUbq0yD.1sVliuXhBJ3Bgpc0eu}, 58181: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd a drizzle of olive oil to glass pan and place the salmon. Squeeze the juice of 1 lime over the top of the salmon and sprinkle with the House Seasoning. Top with pads of butter. Wrap in the foil and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Serve on a bed of couscous.nHouse Seasoning:n1 cup saltn14 cup black peppern14 cup garlic powdernCombine all ingredients in a bowl.nCouscous:n2 14 cups water or chicken stockn12 teaspoon saltn2 teaspoons buttern10 ounces couscousn1 cup diced tomatoesn1 cup crumbled feta cheesen12 cup green onionsnCombine water or chicken stock, salt and butter in a saucepan, over medium heat and bring to a boil. Stir in couscous. Add diced tomatoes, crumbled feta, and green onions. Remove from heat, cover and let stand for 5 minutes.nUncover, fluff with a fork, and serve hot or cold.nYield: 6 servingsnPrep Time: 5 minutesnCook Time: 5 minutesnEase of preparation: easy, ingredients: [Olive oil, 4 4ounce pieces salmon, Lime, House Seasoning, recipe follows, Butter, Couscous, recipe follows], title: Salmon Fillets over Couscous, picturelink: Wc4NknrWP.6Kw.gR60lTZk005LSdMb6}, 58182: {instructions: Brown ground meat in fry pan. Drain. Add taco seasoning and 1 cup of water. Stir over medium heat until thick. Let cool. When meat is cool, spread evenly in a deep serving dish. Spread sour cream on top of seasoned meat. Top with shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes and cheese. Chill overnight. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck, 1 package taco seasoning, 1 cup water, 1 pint sour cream, 1 head lettuce, shredded, 8 tomatoes, diced, 1 package 6 to 8 ounces shredded cheddar, 1 large bag tortilla chips], title: Right Tackle Taco Salad and Chips, picturelink: null}, 58183: {instructions: For the syrups: Put all the ingredients for each syrup into 2 separate medium saucepans and bring them to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove them from the heat cool and strain.nFor the Italian Ice: Put a large bunch of ice in a food processor and process until it is finely ground. Or put the ice in a towel and pound it with a rolling pin or bat until it is finely ground. Scoop into dishes and top with Lemon Syrup or Tutti Frutti Syrup, or both, ingredients: [8 lemons, zested and juiced, 34 cup sugar, Pinch gray salt, 12 pint strawberries,, 12 pint blackberries, 12 pint raspberries, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch gray salt, 2 twists of peppermill, Ice, to serve], title: Italian Ice with Lemon Syrup and Tutti Frutti Syrup, picturelink: null}, 58184: {instructions: In a bowl combine the raisins, hot water, vinegar, cloves, nutmeg, and sugar and let stand. In a large skillet heat the vegetable oil over moderately high heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper and cook until browned on both sides. Transfer browned chops to a shallow baking dish and place in a 300 degree F. oven for 10 minutes or until cooked through. In the drippings in the skillet cook the onion, stirring occasionally, until tender. Add the raisin mixture, bring to a boil, and stir. Add the rhubarb, do not stir in the rhubarb, cover and let simmer for 5 minutes. Stir the mixture and cook, uncovered, for another 3 minutes or until the rhubarb is just tender. Add any juices that have collected in the baking dish to the sauce. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve warm over pork chop., ingredients: [12 cup golden raisins, 12 cup hot water, 2 tablespoons balsamic or red wine vinegar, Pinch of ground cloves, Pinch of ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 34inch pork chops, trimmed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 1 12 cups diced fresh rhubarb], title: Pork Chops with Rhubarb, Onion, and Raisin Chutney, picturelink: null}, 58185: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill 350 degrees F.nIn a medium sized bowl, gently toss together the tomatoes, onion, peppers, feta, vinegar, cracked black pepper, to taste, and oregano. Set aside.nIn a small bowl mix together the olive oil, garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Brush the portobello caps with the oil on and put them on the grill. Grill until tender, about 3 minutes on each sidenScoop a heaping tablespoon of the tomato mixture onto the bottom halves of the rolls, top each with some spring mix greens and a portobello cap. Cover with the top halves of the rolls and serve., ingredients: [7 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 12 cup diced red onion, 2 red peppers, grilled, seeds removed, 1 cup crumbled feta cheese, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon cracked black pepper, or to taste, 1 12 tablespoons freshly chopped oregano leaves, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, or to taste, 1 tablespoon pepper, or to taste, 7 portobello mushroom caps, stems and gills removed, 7 sourdough rolls, split in 12, 2 cups spring mix greens], title: Grilled Portobello Burger, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 58186: {instructions: Puree 13 cup blue cheese, 2 tablespoons Greek yogurt and 3 tablespoons milk in a blender. Stir in some chopped chives, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Slice 4 heads endive lengthwise toss with the dressing. Top with toasted walnuts, dried cranberries and more blue cheese and chives., ingredients: [], title: Endive and Blue Cheese Salad, picturelink: x8IHFezPJtx7.gS7dOaKtu4IPjFjnIC}, 58187: {instructions: In a large bowl, toss the celery root, apple, and onion. Mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, pure wasabi powder, vinegar, honey, green onions, salt, and pepper in a separate bowl and then add to the celery root mixture. Toss to combine. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least one hour for the flavors to marry., ingredients: [1 head 1 u00bd pounds celery root, peeled and grated, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and grated, 1 red onion, grated, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon pure wasabi powder, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons green onions, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Wasabi Celery Root Slaw, picturelink: null}, 58188: {instructions: Preheat broiler or grill pan to high.nHeat about 3 12 cups stock in a sauce pot with a bay leaf to boiling. Add rice, cover pot reduce heat to low and simmer 18 minutes until tender.nPlace poblanos under broiler or on hot grill and char evenly all over, 15 minutes.nWhile peppers and rice are working, scrape the corn off the cobs or defrost frozen corn and dry by spreading out on clean kitchen towel. Heat 2 tablespoons light oil in a skillet over high heat. When the oil smokes or ripples add corn, onion, jalapenos and toss until the vegetables char at edges and onions are tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Reduce heat to mediumhigh and add in garlic, fire roasted tomatoes and season with cumin, oregano, salt and pepper. Cook another minute or 2 then turn pan off.nPlace the cilantro, spinach, scallions, lime zest, half a cup of stock and a tablespoon of oil in food processor and process into coarse green paste. Stir into your rice pot in the last 3 to 4 minutes of its cooking time.nSprinkle the lime juice over the corn mixture.nSplit the charred peppers open but not in half with small sharp knife then scoop out the seeds with a small spoon. Place peppers in a shallow baking dish and stuff each split pepper with lots of the corn mix, top each pepper with 14 cup cheese and place back under broiler to melt and char the cheese.nServe peppers on beds of green rice. Yumo, ingredients: [4 cups chicken or vegetable stock, divided, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups white rice, 4 large poblano peppers, 6 ears corn on the cob or 3 cups frozen corn kernels, 3 tablespoons corn, peanut or vegetable oil, divided, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 15ounce can fire roasted diced tomatoes, drained well, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 palm full, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, eyeball it in your palm, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 pound spinach leaves, deveined and coarsely chopped, 4 scallions, coarsely chopped, 2 limes, zested, juiced, 1 cup shredded Chihuahua cheese, Asadero or Monterey Jack], title: Charred Chili Relleno with Green Rice, picturelink: TKohPi.S9tl8nHC9fIsGYAKHCeO.g9O}, 58189: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStart by putting the chicken in a pot and covering it with water. Bring the water to a boil, and then reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 45 minutes. Remove the chicken from the pot. Set the chicken aside to cool briefly.nShred the chicken with 2 forks, reserving the bones. Return the bones to the pot and boil for 20 minutes. Remove the bones from the pot and discard.nAdd the shredded chicken, carrots, celery and onions to the pot. Then add the salt, pepper, thyme and turmeric. Bring the mixture to a gentle boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Stir in the noodles no need to thaw them firstnFinally, mix the flour with 12 cup water until smooth. Stir the flour mixture, the splash of half and half if youre into that kind of thing and the minced parsley into the pot. Simmer until the noodles are tender, about 15 minutes, tasting and adding more salt if needed at the end. The soup should be thick and stewlike and your kitchen should smell like home., ingredients: [One 2 to 3pound chicken fryer, cut up, 2 carrots, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon ground thyme, 14 teaspoon turmeric, 16 ounces frozen homestyle egg noodlessuch as Reames, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Splash of halfandhalf, optional, 2 teaspoons finely minced fresh parsley], title: Chicken and Noodles, picturelink: 96mTggOv4CgJl1NKJeosVKv9sV3qS}, 58190: {instructions: Arrange arugula on a serving platter. Top with sliced beets and mandarin oranges.nIn a small bowl, combine buttermilk and blue cheese. Mix until blended and season, to taste, with salt and black pepper. Pour mixture over salad and serve., ingredients: [4 cups fresh arugula, 1 cup sliced jarred or canned beets, 1 11ounce can mandarin oranges, drained, 23 cup lowfat buttermilk, 14 cup crumbled blue cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: BeetArugula Salad with ButtermilkBlue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: null}, 58191: {instructions: Peel off the skin. Boil it.nChilli mixnAdd all chillies  grind it., ingredients: [1 chopped onion, 2 tomatoes, 4 grreen chillies], title: Tst, picturelink: null}, 58192: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 10inch bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutesnFor the raita: Mix the cucumber, mint, garlic, and yogurt together in a large bowl with plenty of salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and chill.nFor the potatoes: Fill a large pot with cool water and put over high heat. Add the potatoes and a hefty dose of salt. Bring to a boil, and then simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Once the potatoes are cooked, drain and push them through a potato ricer. Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Once shimmering, add the panch puran seasoning. Cook the seasoning blend until fragrant and the spices begin to pop, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and saute until tender and lightly browned. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the potatoes and flatten them with a spatula, cook about 5 minutes, stirring and flattening a few times, until the bottom gets a little crispy. Season the potatoes with salt, and pepper, to taste, and keep warm until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, in a food processor, combine the parsley, mint, shallot, lemon zest, and garlic and pulse until finely minced. Add the mixture to a bowl with the ground lamb, baking soda and lots of salt and pepper, to taste. Knead until the mixture turns sticky, looks like a piece of knitted fabric, and holds its shape. Pull off a small ball of meat and shape into a fat cylinder. Thread a skewer through the middle lengthwise, and smooth the meat down the skewer until its even all the way down. Repeat with rest of the meat mixture. Put the kebabs on an oiled baking sheet and drizzle with a little more oil. Combine the pomegranate molasses, lemon juice and mustard in a small bowl. Set aside.nLight a grill or heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nArrange the kebabs on the hot grill, turning every 2 to 3 minutes, generously brushing with the pomegranate mixture. Cook the kebabs until browned, about 6 minutes.nTransfer the kebabs to a serving platter and serve with the potatoes and raita on the side.nFor the raita: Mix the cucumber, mint, garlic, and yogurt together in a large bowl with plenty of salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and chill.nFor the potatoes: Fill a large pot with cool water and put over high heat. Add the potatoes and a hefty dose of salt. Bring to a boil, and then simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Once the potatoes are cooked, drain and push them through a potato ricer. Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Once shimmering, add the panch puran seasoning. Cook the seasoning blend until fragrant and the spices begin to pop, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and saute until tender and lightly browned. Reduce the heat to medium. Add the potatoes and flatten them with a spatula, cook about 5 minutes, stirring and flattening a few times, until the bottom gets a little crispy. Season the potatoes with salt, and pepper, to taste, and keep warm until ready to serve.nMeanwhile, in a food processor, combine the parsley, mint, shallot, lemon zest, and garlic and pulse until finely minced. Add the mixture to a bowl with the ground lamb, baking soda and lots of salt and pepper, to taste. Knead until the mixture turns sticky, looks like a piece of knitted fabric, and holds its shape. Pull off a small ball of meat and shape into a fat cylinder. Thread a skewer through the middle lengthwise, and smooth the meat down the skewer until its even all the way down. Repeat with rest of the meat mixture. Put the kebabs on an oiled baking sheet and drizzle with a little more oil. Combine the pomegranate molasses, lemon juice and mustard in a small bowl. Set aside.nLight a grill or heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nArrange the kebabs on the hot grill, turning every 2 to 3 minutes, generously brushing with the pomegranate mixture. Cook the kebabs until browned, about 6 minutes.nTransfer the kebabs to a serving platter and serve with the potatoes and raita on the side., ingredients: [2 Persian cucumbers, sliced 14inch thick about 1 14 cups, 6 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked and minced about 14 cup, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup Greek yogurt, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 Persian cucumbers, sliced 14inch thick about 1 14 cups, 6 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked and minced about 14 cup, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup Greek yogurt, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound new potatoes, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons panch puran spice blend or Bengali five spice blend See Cooks Note, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound new potatoes, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons panch puran spice blend or Bengali five spice blend See Cooks Note, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh parsley, leaves picked about 2 cups, 4 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked about 1 cup, 1 shallot, roughly chopped, Zest and juice of 1 Meyer lemon, 2 cloves garlic, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for greasing and drizzling, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses See Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon stoneground mustard, 12 bunch fresh parsley, leaves picked about 2 cups, 4 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked about 1 cup, 1 shallot, roughly chopped, Zest and juice of 1 Meyer lemon, 2 cloves garlic, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for greasing and drizzling, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses See Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon stoneground mustard], title: Ground Lamb Kofto Kebabs with Pomegranate Glaze, BengaliSpiced Potatoes and Persian Cucumber Raita, picturelink: 2ZqyguWfnifsXacNYBdun4WVVafDIH6}, 58193: {instructions: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh. Brush the chickens with oil and season the outside and cavities with salt and pepper. Skewer the chickens onto the rotisserie rod and grill, on the rotisserie, for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the chicken is golden brown and just cooked through. Remove from grill and let rest for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 3 to 4 pound whole chickens, rinsed and trimmed of excess fat, Olive oil, for brushing chickens, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Special Equipment: rotisserie rod], title: Rotisserie Chicken, picturelink: null}, 58194: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Put the potatoes in a large saucepan, cover with cold water by 1 inch and season with salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until tender, 20 to 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks and season with 12 teaspoon salt. Cook, stirring, until the leeks are soft but not browned, about 8 minutes. Transfer half of the leeks to a large bowl and set aside.nAdd the beef and lamb to the skillet with the remaining leeks. Cook over medium heat, breaking up the meat, until no longer pink, about 6 minutes. Pour off any excess fat from the skillet season the meat with 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper.nStir the carrots, garlic, Worcestershire sauce and thyme into the meat. Clear a space in the middle of the skillet and add the tomato paste. Cook the tomato paste, stirring, until slightly darkened, about 1 minute, then stir into the meat mixture. Pour in the stout and simmer until slightly reduced, about 2 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a simmer.nCook, stirring, until the carrots are almost tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the peas reduce the heat to low and let simmer while you mash the potatoes.nDrain the potatoes and let cool slightly. Transfer to the bowl with the reserved leeks add the butter, halfandhalf and 12 teaspoon salt and mash well. Stir in 12 cup cheddar.nSpread the meat mixture in a 3quart baking dish. Dollop the mashed potatoes on top, then spread with the back of a spoon. Sprinkle with the remaining 12 cup cheddar. Bake until bubbling around the edges and the topping is browned in spots, about 25 minutes. Let rest 10 minutes before serving.nYou can assemble any of these dishes up to 2 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate, then add about 10 minutes to the baking time.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and quartered, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise, sliced 12 inch thick and rinsed well, 12 ounces ground beef, 12 ounces ground lamb, Freshly ground pepper, 2 large carrots, diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 34 cup Irish stout such as Guinness, 1 14 cups lowsodium beef broth, 1 cup frozen peas, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 23 cup halfandhalf, 1 cup grated cheddar cheese about 4 ounces], title: BeefandLamb Shepherds Pie, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 58195: {instructions: For the shortcakes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking sheet or parchment paper.nIn the bowl of a heavyduty mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, combine the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder and salt on low speed. Add the butter and mix on low until the mixture resembles coarse meal, about 2 minutes. Add the cream and milk and increase the speed to medium mix until the dough comes together. Remove the dough to a lightly floured surface, lightly knead a few times and shape into a rectangle about 34 inch thick.nCut out dough circles using a 3inch round cutter. Place the circles on the prepared baking sheet. Brush the tops lightly with cream and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Bake until the shortcakes are golden brown, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool.nFor the strawberries: Meanwhile, place the strawberries in a bowl. Add the granulated sugar and toss together.nTo serve, halve the shortcakes horizontally with a serrated knife. Place the bottom halves on individual serving plates, top each with a dollop of whipped cream and then some berries. Cover with the tops of the shortcakes and serve.nThe shortcakes can be stored in an airtight container for up to 2 days., ingredients: [3 12 cupsallpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 13 cup granulated sugar, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 1 cup heavy cream, plus more for brushing, 12 cup whole milk, Turbinado or raw brown sugar, for sprinkling, 2 pints strawberries, hulled and sliced lengthwise, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, or to taste, Whipped cream, for serving], title: Brown Sugar Strawberry Shortcakes, picturelink: X4A69rODdAgDvn.06wNvk0el8eMokba}, 58196: {instructions: Combine the heavy cream, butter, brown sugar, corn syrup and salt in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer over medium heat, whisking. Add the chocolate and cocoa powder, reduce the heat to low and cook, whisking, until the chocolate is melted and the sauce is smooth, 1 to 2 minutes.nWhisk in the vanilla. Let cool 10 minutes before serving. To store, let cool completely, then cover and refrigerate up to 2 weeks reheat before serving.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 13 cup light corn syrup, Pinch of kosher salt, 8 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate or a combination, chopped, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Hot Fudge Sauce, picturelink: ytm8Uup4ijWEwF7OrAbO8beiTTRSjIi}, 58197: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the tomato slices on a tray or large plate. Sprinkle with fleur de sel and black pepper. Drizzle the vinegar and oil over the tomatoes. Allow to sit for 15 minutes.nLay the bacon on a baking sheet, and season with a generous amount of black pepper. Brush some of the juices from the seasoned tomatoes onto the bacon and top with the red onions. Roast the bacon until it is golden brown and the fat has rendered, about 20 minutes.nSpread 1 12 teaspoons mayonnaise on each slice of country toast. Top each with 3 slices of bacon and the onions. Reserve the bacon drippings. Season the avocado with salt and pepper, and place on top of the bacon. Follow with 2 marinated tomato slices on each sandwich.nIn a separate bowl, lightly toss the lettuce and tarragon with a small amount of the drippings from the bacon and season as needed with salt and pepper. Top the sandwiches with the salad and serve warm., ingredients: [Eight 34inchthick slices heirloom tomato, 1 teaspoon fleur de sel sea salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 slices Applewood smoked bacon, cut 14inch thick from slab bacon, 12 cup julienne strips red onion, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Four 12inchthick slices country bread, toasted, 1 avocado, cut into 14inchthick slices, 2 cups butter lettuce leaves, 2 tablespoons tarragon leaves], title: GZs Ultimate BLT, picturelink: y0qbLqsRLRhkAbaoUX3lja.huiqLmCe}, 58198: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a medium nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the steak all over with salt and pepper cook about 3 minutes per side for medium rare. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest. Reserve the skillet.nPut the noodles in a bowl cover with warm water and soak 5 minutes. Meanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the ginger, chopped jalapeno, scallion whites, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth and 3 cups water bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium low simmer 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, wipe out the reserved skillet heat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Drain the noodles, pat dry and toss with 14 teaspoon salt. Add to the skillet to form a pancake cook, undisturbed, until slightly golden, 5 minutes. Flip cook until crisp, 3 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board cut into 4 wedges. Slice the steak against the grain.nAdd the snow peas, carrots and half of the cilantro to the soup simmer until tender, 3 minutes. Divide the soup, steak and fried noodles among bowls. Top with the scallion greens, sliced jalapeno, fried shallots and the remaining cilantro.nPhotographs by Charles Masters, ingredients: [14 cup vegetable oil, 12 ounces skirt steak, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces stirfry rice noodles, 1 212 inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 red jalapeno pepper 12 chopped, 12 thinly sliced into rounds, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced white and green parts separated, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 cups snow peas, trimmed and halved, 4 carrots, thinly sliced, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro, 12 cup packaged fried shallots or onions], title: Thai Steak Soup, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 58199: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrack the eggs into a bowl, add the halfandhalf and whisk until smooth. Add the salt, pepper and hot sauce and whisk until well combined.nHeat a nonstick skillet cast iron if you have it on low heat, and add the butter. Pour the eggs into the skillet. Using a heat resistant rubber spatula, stir the egg mixture over low heat to create soft creamy curds. Cook to light and fluffy., ingredients: [6 eggs, 14 cup halfandhalf, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, Dash of hot sauce, 1 tablespoon butter], title: Spicy Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: D9vWzCvTY0ihUnoD8Ld1UuD7GvljRBO}}