{58200: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the date jam, water, and butter or margarine in a small saucepan. Simmer just long enough to dissolve. Add the ginger.nSpread the olives in a cake pan large enough to fit them in 1 layer. Sprinkle the olives with a few tablespoons of their own juice. Cover with the jam mixture mixture.nBake for about 40 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar in the jam has caramelized. Serve warm or at room temperature as an accompaniment to a meat meal., ingredients: [23 cup date jam, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon butter or pareve margarine, Dash powdered ginger, 2 cups pitted, goodquality cured green olives about 1 pound], title: Caramelized Green Olives, picturelink: null}, 58201: {instructions: Place the brown rice in a saucepan with 12 cup water. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat to low and simmer, covered, until almost all the water is absorbed, approximately 40 minutes.nIn a pot with a steamer basket, bring a small amount of water to a boil. Add the kale to the basket and steam for about 10 minutes, making sure to add more water if needed set aside. Add the broccoli to the steamer basket and steam for about 6 minutes set aside. Add the sweet potatoes and steam until just tender, 10 to 20 minutes. Alternatively, if space allows, steam the vegetables together, making sure to remove each type as it cooks.nPlace the rice, kale, broccoli and sweet potatoes into different sections of a compartmentalized lunch box. Cut the egg in slices, if desired, and place in another section. Finally, add the avocado., ingredients: [14 cup raw brown rice, 13 cup chopped kale 2inch square pieces, 13 cup chopped broccoli, 13 cup sliced sweet potatoes 14inch pieces, 1 hardboiled egg, 13 cup chopped avocado], title: Macro Platter, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 58202: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 250 degrees F.nWith the tip of a knife, make 8 2inch pockets all around the pork and insert a smashed garlic clove in each.nIn a small bowl, combine the seafood boil seasoning, onion powder, garlic powder, paprika, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Rub the seasoning all over the pork then let rest at room temperature up to 2 hours.nPlace the pork in the bottom of a roasting pan and add enough vegetable stock to fill it to an inch deep. Cover very tightly with several layers of aluminum foil, getting the seal tight is really key here. The steam being locked in breaks down the pork to make it pullworthy.nRoast the pork, covered, in the oven for 2 hours then pull back the aluminum foil a bit and prick with a fork. If it is tender, remove the aluminum foil and a place back in the oven for 1 more hour. If it isnt tender yet, cook for 30 minutes to 1 hour more, making sure to add more stock if needed. Once tender remove the aluminum foil all together. If the liquid evaporates here, its ok it has done its job. Remove from oven then let rest at room temperature, then chop down to small chunks and mix with enough of Sunnys Pork Sauce, recipe follows to make it wet or dry to your taste.nIn a saucepot on mediumlow heat, add the oil. Add the onions, garlic, and season with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Cook until both are tender, but not browned and then add the ketchup, vinegar, orange juice, and Sriracha. Taste and then add the sugar, to taste. This should be a loose sauce. Refrigerate or use right away., ingredients: [1 9pound boneless pork shoulder, skin trimmed, 8 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 to 3 cups vegetable stock, 12 cup seafood boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Sunnys Pork Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup chopped Vidalia onion, 2 cloves garlic, grated on a rasp, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups ketchup, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup Sriracha, 2 to 3 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Grandmas Chopped Barbecue, picturelink: jbt1ZnRxpGhtSTxm.MUN20o3Fu7jH2}, 58203: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix 14 cup hot water with the instant coffee and stir to dissolve. Once, dissolved, combine with the plum sauce, orange juice, chipotle sauce and brown sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring the sauce to a boil and reduce the heat. Simmer until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nCoat both sides of the ribs with the sauce, saving 23 cup for basting. Arrange the ribs, meatyside up, in 1 layer in a foillined baking sheet. Cover the pan tightly with foil and bake the ribs 1 hour. Remove the foil from the top, baste with the remaining BBQ sauce and bake the ribs 1 hour more.nAllow the cooked ribs to rest for 10 to 15 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 teaspoon instant coffee, 34 cup plum sauce, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons minced chipotle in adobo with sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 pounds pork back ribs], title: ChipotlePlum BBQ Pork Ribs, picturelink: KrE7r0KsYIfiVAWEfE9ohvUbzdIlUsO}, 58204: {instructions: In a bowl, mix rice, carrots, onions, cheese, and thyme, add salt and pepper, to taste. Sprinkle baking powder and flour over mixture, then stir well. Pour in eggs and mix lightly until blended.nHeat a castiron frying pan over a fire or over mediumhigh heat. Add a thick film of oil. Drop 3 or 4 heaping spoonfuls of batter into pan and flatten slightly, making cakes about 3inches in diameter. Cook until crispy and well browned on bottom about 3 minutes, turn cakes with a spatula, and cook until browned on the other side about 2 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with remaining batter, adding more oil as necessary. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 cups cooked wild rice, 1 cup grated carrots from 2 to 3 carrots, 3 green onions, finely chopped, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 teaspoon salt, Pepper, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Wild Rice Griddle Cakes, picturelink: null}, 58205: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine 12 cup sugar with cinnamon, coriander, and nutmeg. Using an electric mixer at moderate speed, being mixing, adding the eggs one by one. Then add the persimmon pulp until the mixture holds together. Add the evaporated milk, vanilla, and lemon juice, and mix until the batter is smooth. Set aside.nIn a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the remaining 34 cups of sugar with water and cook over medium heat until the mixture caramelizes, about 10 minutes. When the sugar has caramelized, immediately remove from the heat to stop cooking.nAssemble four 6 to 8ounce ramekins or custard cups. Wearing an oven mitt on the hand that holds the saucepan, carefully pour a little caramel into the bottom of each ramekin. Then pour about 13 cup of persimmon batter on top of the caramel. Set the prepared ramekins in a deepsided baking dish and pour enough water around them to reach halfway up the sides. Cover the baking dish with foil and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the flans are set. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool. Refrigerate each flan, covered with plastic wrap, to set.nJust before serving, whip the cream in a medium bowl until it forms soft peaks. Blend in the honey, then whip again. Set aside.nRemove the flans from the refrigerator and run a small paring knife around the rim of each. Hold a dessert plate over the top of each ramekin and invert so that the flan and caramel are positioned in the center of each plate. Place a dollop of honeyed whipped cream on each portion and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 3 eggs, 12 cup persimmon pulp, 12 12ounce can evaporated milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 cup water, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup blossom or wildflower honey], title: Persimmon Flans with Honeyed Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 58206: {instructions: Cover the chickpeas with 4 cups water in a large pot with 1 teaspoon baking soda and refrigerate 8 hours or up to overnight to soak.nStrain the chickpeas and discard the soaking liquid. Rinse the chickpeas and return them to the pot. Add the remaining teaspoon baking soda and water to cover by about 3 inches over the chickpeas. Bring to a boil over high heat, then turn the heat down to a simmer and cook, skimming off and discarding any foam that rises to the surface. Cook the chickpeas until tender but still hold their shape, about 30 minutes. Remove 1 cup of chickpeas from the pot with a slotted spoon. Drain well and reserve on a paper towellined plate to dry. Continue cooking the remaining chickpeas until they are mostly intact and soft and creamy not crumbly when pressed between a thumb and forefinger, about 10 minutes more. If the liquid boils off too much while cooking, add more water to cover and continue to cook.nMeanwhile, make the parsley oil. Bring a small pot of water to a boil. Add the parsley leaves and cook 10 seconds, then drain. Immediately run the parsley under very cold water to cool it completely, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Squeeze out the excess liquid and then transfer to a paper towellined plate to dry.nWhen the chickpeas are done cooking, strain them and discard the liquid. Let the chickpeas sit in the strainer to drain and dry out for 5 minutes. Put the chickpeas in the bowl of a food processor along with the tahini, lemon juice, garlic and 1 34 teaspoons salt and process until the mixture is a paste, scraping down the bowl as necessary. With the motor running, slowly pour in 14 cup of the ice water and continue to process, adding more water by the tablespoon as necessary, until the mixture is smooth and light, about 5 minutes. The hummus should be slightly loose because it will firm up as it sits.nTransfer the hummus to a shallow bowl and cover by lightly pressing plastic wrap directly onto the surface set aside until ready to serve. The hummus can also be made a day ahead and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature for 30 minutes before serving.nPut the cooked parsley leaves in a blender along with 12 cup olive oil and puree until the parsley is fine and the oil green, about 5 minutes. Transfer the parsley oil to a small bowl and cover with plastic wrap pressed directly against the surface. Parsley oil can be used right away, or held at room temperature up to 6 hoursnJust before serving, fry the chickpeas. Heat the remaining 12 cup oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat for about 2 minutes. Pat the reserved chickpeas dry with a clean towel and carefully add them to the skillet. The oil will bubble up for a few seconds. Fry, shaking the pan occasionally, until browned and crisp, 7 to 9 minutes. Transfer the chickpeas to a paper towellined plate to drain. Immediately sprinkle with the lemon zest, cayenne, cumin and some salt toss to coat.nRemove the plastic wrap from the reserved hummus. Make a shallow circular indentation with the back of a spoon in the center of the hummus. Mound the fried chickpeas in the center of the hummus. Drizzle with the parsley oil, spooning most of it around the edges of the hummus., ingredients: [12 ounces dried chickpeas about 2 cups, 2 teaspoons baking soda, 1 cup packed fresh parsley leaves about 1 bunch, 34 cup tahini, Zest of 1 lemon and juice of 2 lemons about 13 cup juice, 2 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 14 to 12 cup ice water1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon ground cayenne, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, Warm pita wedges, for serving], title: Classic Hummus with Fried Chickpeas and Parsley Oil, picturelink: XRO6n7sxUd8YHFWZf3LzLBM2UU5qzG}, 58207: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpread each of 4 slices of bread with 12 tablespoon of butter. Now spread each with 1 tablespoon of the apple butter. Top each slice of bread with a couple of slices of turkey, cover that with 2 to 3 slices of brie enough to cover the turkey, and finally, arrange 2 to 3 arugula leaves on top. Spread the remaining 4 bread slices with 12 tablespoon of butter and lay them, buttered sides down, over the cheese press gently.nHeat a large castiron or other heavy skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter and let it melt to evenly coat the bottom of the pan. Add as many sandwiches as will comfortably fit either 2 or 4 and cook 2 to 3 minutes until the bread is golden brown and the cheese begins to melt. Flip and cook 2 to 3 more minutes to brown the bread. Add another tablespoon of butter and cook the remaining sandwiches, if you need to. Cut the sandwiches in half and serve hot., ingredients: [8 slices stonemilled rye artisan bread, about 12inch thick, 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 14 cup storebought apple butter, 1 pound sliced fresh roasted deli turkey, 12 pound brie cheese, thickly sliced, 1 bunch arugula, stems trimmed], title: Grilled Turkey, Brie, and Apple Butter Sandwich with Arugula, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 58208: {instructions: Prepare tempura batter according to package directions. The trick to tempura is to keep the batter very cold. Trim stems on asparagus, dip asparagus into batter and fry in hot oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve with soy sauce., ingredients: [Tempura batter, 16 asparagus spears, Canola oil, for frying, Salt and pepper, Soy sauce, for dipping], title: Tempura Asparagus with Soy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58209: {instructions: Combine the mayonnaise, anchovy paste, capers, parsley, lemon zest and garlic. Whisk in the red wine vinegar, lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Add more or less red wine vinegar and lemon juice depending on your preference of acidity and consistency of the dressing. If you prefer the dressing to be looser but less acidic, use water instead of vinegar., ingredients: [1 cup homemade or storebought mayonnaise, 2 teaspoons anchovy paste, 2 teaspoons chopped capers, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 14 cup red wine vinegar, plus more if needed, 1 lemon, juiced, plus more if needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Simple Caesar Dressing, picturelink: null}, 58210: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium pot, combine peas, butter, broth, and onions. If the peas are not submerged in liquid, add just enough water to cover them. Bring to a simmer over medium heat and cook for about 7 to 10 minutes, or until the onions are soft enough to puree and the peas are still bright green.nWhile the peas are cooking, grill the bread. Heat a grill pan over high heat for 3 minutes. Pour some olive oil onto a large plate. Sprinkle oil with salt then dip pieces of bread quickly on both sides into the oil. Grill bread until slightly charred and hot, about 3 minutes per side.nUsing an immersion blender, standing blender, or food processor, puree the soup until smooth and season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Serve each bowl with a dollop of sour cream on top and grilled bread on the side.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [2 pounds frozen green peas, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 14.5ounce cans reduced sodium chicken or vegetable broth, 2 medium onions, roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup sour cream, for garnish, 1 demibaguette or 12 of 1 French baguette, cut into 8 12inch thick slices, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Buttery Baby Pea Soup with Pan Grilled Bread, picturelink: 9e6sQKdINkrtKuPIoMhZT04Rt0Ylq}, 58211: {instructions: Place 2 goat cheese rounds on each plate. Pour 1 tablespoon of the honey over each round. Scatter 5 or 6 nuts over and around the cheese, and arrange several pear slices around each plate., ingredients: [12 small rounds fresh goat cheese about 1 ounce each, 34 cup lavender honey or use regular honey, 12 cup candied walnuts, 3 fresh pears, preferably Bosc, cored and cut into 18inch thick slices], title: Fresh Goat Cheese, Pears and Candied Walnuts with Lavender Honey, picturelink: null}, 58212: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWrap the tortillas in aluminum foil and place in the oven until soft and pliant, about 12 minutes. Remove and keep wrapped until ready to use.nIn a large pot or deep fryer, heat the oil to 350 degrees F over high heat.nIn a large bowl, beat the egg with the milk and water. Add the flour, Essence, and baking powder, and whisk to make a thin batter. Dip the fish in the batter, turning to coat, and shake to remove any excess. Fry in batches in the oil until golden and crisp, about 1 12 to 2 minutes. Remove, drain on paper towels, and season lightly with the Essence. In a large bowl, mix the cabbage with the sour cream, lime juice and cumin, tossing to coat.nTo serve, place 1 or 2 pieces of the fish inside each tortilla and top with some of the shredded cabbage. Squeeze with lime juice, and top with salsa to taste. Garnish with cilantro and serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the tomatillos, garlic and onion on a baking sheet. Drizzle the vegetables with the olive oil. Season with salt and pepper. Roast the vegetables in the oven until browned and softened, about 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the oven and place the tomatillos and onion in a food processor. Squeeze the garlic cloves out of their peels into the food processor. Add the jalapeno, juice of 1 lemon and lime to the vegetables. Pulse until the mixture is fully incorporated but not pureed. Season the salsa with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside., ingredients: [12 to 16 corn tortillas, 1 large egg, 14 cup milk, 14 cup water, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons Southwestern Essence, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 pounds firm white fish, cut into 4 by 1 by 14inch strips, 4 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 4 cups very thinly shaved mixed white and red cabbage, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 12 lime, juiced, plus more for serving, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 recipe Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, recipe follows, 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 pound tomatillos, husked and rinsed, 6 cloves garlic, unpeeled, 1 small onion, cut into quarters, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 lime, juiced], title: Fish Tacos with Roasted Tomatillo Salsa, picturelink: null}, 58213: {instructions: Mix together the sour cream and eggs in a small bowl. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and mix well.nMelt the butter in a nonstick pan over mediumlow heat. Add the eggs and gently scramble. Remove from the heat, sprinkle with the chives and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 tablespoon chopped chives], title: Sour Cream Scrambled Eggs, picturelink: M5dpRCd8fbFdsS8LGUj9x0J4a.u6S}, 58214: {instructions: Place the peas in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water. Add 1 tablespoon of the bacon grease and the salt. Bring to a simmer and cook the peas until tender, about 1 hour.nRemove from the heat, drain and set aside.nIn a medium castiron pan set over medium heat, add the remaining 1 tablespoon bacon grease, the flour and some salt and pepper. Constantly stir the flour until it just starts to turn deep golden brown and resembles peanut butter. Add 2 14 cups water, and continue to stir, scraping the browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Continue to stir until thick and bubbly.nAdd the cooked peas to the gravy and reduce the heat to low. Cook for 10 more minutes, then add a little more flour or water if needed to achieve the desired consistency. Add salt to taste and serve over the rice., ingredients: [1 cup dried blackeyed peas, cleaned and picked, 2 tablespoons bacon grease, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups rice, cooked according to package directions], title: Rice and Gravy, picturelink: rSy.rDKj6IooYNErRUXzfskXxgrJTS}, 58215: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan set over medium heat, combine the cream, milk, aniseeds, orange zest, vanilla beans and seeds, and ginger. Bring just to a boil. Cover, reduce the heat to very low, and keep at a bare simmer for 10 minutes.nPlace the chocolate in a small bowl. Using a finemesh strainer, strain a few spoonfuls of the hot cream mixture over the chocolate and whisk with a small wire whisk until the chocolate is completely melted. Strain the rest of the cream mixture over the chocolate, add the salt, and whisk to combine thoroughly before pouring into a serving cup., ingredients: [14 cup heavy cream, 12 cup milk, 1 scant teaspoon aniseeds, coarsely crushed in a mortar, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 1 2inch length vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out, 1 quartersized slice fresh ginger, 1 ounce Valrhona Pur Caraibe dark chocolate 66 cacao, finely chopped, Very small pinch of salt], title: Jim Grahams Spiced Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 58216: {instructions: In dry skillet, heat pimentos until they start to release their aroma. Then put into a spice mill and roughly chop. Then put chopped pimentos and oil into a saucepan and bring to a sizzle and turn off. Add bay leaves and Scotch Bonnet pepper and allow to cool. Put into a glass jar., ingredients: [12 cup pimento berries, 2 cups peanut oil, 2 bay leaves, 1 Scotch Bonnet pepper, whole], title: Pimento Infused Oil, picturelink: null}, 58217: {instructions: In a saucepan bring water to a boil. Add lemon juice, the squeezed lemon, and ginger. Let steep about 20 minutes. Stir in honey. Line a strainer with a thin wet cloth and strain tea into a pitcher. Chill thoroughly and serve on ice with thin slices of lemon and lime., ingredients: [1 quart water, Juice of 1 lemon, 14 cup freshly grated ginger, 14 cup honey, Thin slices of lemon and lime for garnish], title: Lemon Ginger Tea, picturelink: null}, 58218: {instructions: In a large sauce pan, combine the peaches, red pepper flakes, honey, water, and salt, and pepper, to taste and place the pan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, then lower the heat and simmer slowly for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Let the mixture cool, then blend it in a blender or food processor until smooth.nIn a small bowl, stir the cream cheese and sour cream together until well combined.nDivide the cream cheese mixture among 4 slices of bread, reserving a little bit of cream cheese for garnish. Spread the peach jam on the other slices of bread. Top the cream cheese slices with a few slices of prosciutto and top with the slices with jam. Slice in half.nIn a small bowl, blend the chopped tarragon, parsley, and basil then spread them out on a plate.nSpread a light coating of reserved cream cheese on the exposed sliced end of each sandwich half and dip in the chopped herbs. Arrange the sandwiches on a plate and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon sour cream, 8 thin slices of good quality white bread, 12 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, 14 cup each finely chopped fresh tarragon, Italian flatleaf parsley, and basil, 3 peaches, pitted and chopped, 18 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup cream cheese], title: Prosciutto Finger Sandwiches with Spicy Peach Jam, picturelink: vWISENdaf4eKobI2CHRWfXynHUGMm5K}, 58219: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Whisk the eggs, milk, 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl until combined stir in the cheese and set aside.nHeat the olive oil in a 10inch ovenproof nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the broccoli rabe and garlic and cook, stirring occasionally, until the broccoli rabe is wilted, about 5 minutes. Stir in the pickled peppers and remove from the heat let cool slightly, then add to the egg mixture and stir.nWipe out the skillet and return to mediumhigh heat. Arrange the salami pieces in the skillet in a circle, overlapping slightly, so they cover the bottom. Pour in the egg mixture and cook, without stirring, until the edges start setting, about 1 minute. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the frittata is set and lightly browned, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes in the skillet, then invert onto a platter or cutting board. Serve warm or at room temperature.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [12 large eggs, 12 cup milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup diced provolone cheese about 4 ounces, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 bunch broccoli rabe, trimmed and chopped about 4 cups, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped pickled cherry peppers hot or sweet, 2 ounces thinly sliced Genoa salami, halved], title: SalamiBroccoli Rabe Frittata, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 58220: {instructions: Place the porcini mushrooms in a bowl and cover with boiling water. Let sit until softened, 30 minutes.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush the cremini or white button mushroom caps with the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the mushrooms on the grill, cap side down and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn the caps over and continue grilling until the mushrooms are cooked through, about 5 minutes longer. Remove from the grill, let cool slightly then coarsely chop.nRemove the porcinis from the soaking liquid and place in the bowl of a food processor with a few tablespoons of the soaking liquid. Add cremini mushrooms, garlic pulp, walnuts, parsley and thyme in a food processor and process until finely chopped. With the motor running, slowly add 12 cup of the olive oil and process until smooth. Add 14 cup of the Romano cheese and pulse a few times to incorporate. Season with salt and pepper.nBrush the bread on the cut side with the remaining 14 cup of olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Evenly spread the pesto over the cut side of each half of bread. Top the pesto with the fontina cheese, return to the grill, cheese side up, close the cover of the grill and cook until the cheese has melted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the grill and sprinkle with the remaining Romano., ingredients: [1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 1 pound cremini or white button mushrooms, stems removed, 14 cup canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Whole head roasted garlic, pulp removed, 14 cup toasted walnuts, 14 cup loosely packed fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons grated Pecorino Romano cheese, 1 loaf French bread, about 24 inches long, sliced in 12 lengthwise, 2 12 cups grated fontina cheese], title: Grilled French Bread Pizza with Mushroom Pesto and Fontina Cheese, picturelink: UhpqvSjd3Nsi.f6Fdw.e7vYvE9.dG6}, 58221: {instructions: Microwave 14 cup each peanut butter, chocolate chips and butter until melted. Put 3 cups each chow mein noodles and Chex cereal, and 12 cup each chopped peanuts and raisins in a resealable plastic bag add the chocolate mixture and shake to coat. Add 2 cups confectioners sugar and shake again., ingredients: [], title: Chocolate Chow Mein, picturelink: yYMNr7wH6zdvyqDuBqkehVyxamkiVay}, 58222: {instructions: Thinly slice the onions. Heat a 6quart stockpot. Add the oil and heat. Add the onions and saute until golden brown over mediumlow heat, about 25 to 30 minutes. Deglaze the pan with port. Add stock, salt, pepper, and bouquet garni, and simmer for 30 to 40 minutes.nPreheat the broiler.nPour the soup into 6 ovenproof bowls. Top each bowl with 2 slices of bread and sprinkle with the cheese. Brown under the broiler until the cheese is golden brown and bubbly., ingredients: [4 medium onions, 3 tablespoons mildflavored oil, such as almond or safflower, 12 cup port, 8 cups chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bouquet garni fresh thyme, bay leaf, and celery stalk tied together, 12 14inch thick slices French bread, toasted, 3 cups grated Gruyere], title: Onion Soup, picturelink: null}, 58223: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in icefilled mixing glass. Stir well and strain into chilled martini glass. Garnish with flamed orange peel., ingredients: [1 14 ounce Hakusan Dry Sake or other domestic sake, 2 ounces vodka, 14ounce Orange Curacao, 3 orange peels], title: SakeTini Sake Martini, picturelink: null}, 58224: {instructions: Heat a grill to medium high.nSprinkle the fish with salt and pepper and place each on a double rectangle of foil. Top with the arugula, half the lemon slices and the fennel. Sprinkle the outside of the fish with salt and pepper, drizzle lightly with olive oil and splash each with some wine. Enclose each fish in the foil, sealing to make a packet. Wrap each fish one more time with foil.nPlace the foil packets on the grill and cook for 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove the skin and fillet the fish from the bones. Serve on a platter with the remaining lemon slices. Garnish with the arugula and fennel. Squeeze a little lemon juice on top of the fish, just enough to taste., ingredients: [2 whole fresh branzino 2 12 pounds each, scaled, cleaned and gutted, and washed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 small handfuls baby arugula, 2 lemons, sliced, 1 small bulb fennel, sliced, Olive oil, for drizzling, 14 cup dry white wine], title: Branzino al Cartoccio, picturelink: null}, 58225: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a milk frothernBring the milk to a simmer over low heat. Froth the milk using a milk frother or a whisk. Combine the espresso shots and a tablespoon of Pumpkin Spice Syrup in 2 large coffee mugs and stir half of the milk into each. Sprinkle the tops with spice, if desired. Drink immediatelynCombine the pumpkin puree and pumpkin pie spice in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook until the mixture thickens slightly and the spices become fragrant, about 3 minutes.nCombine 2 cups cold water and the granulated and brown sugars in a medium saucepan, bring to a boil over high heat and cook, whisking occasionally, until the mixture thickens and reduces slightly, about 5 minutes.nReduce the heat to low, whisk in the spiced pumpkin puree and cook, stirring occasionally for 10 minutes. Do not allow the mixture to boil after you add the pumpkin or the syrup will become cloudy even after straining. Remove from the heat and let the mixture cool for 10 minutes.nPlace a mesh strainer over a medium bowl and line the strainer with several layers of cheesecloth. Pour the mixture through the strainer and let it strain slowly into the bowl. Add the vanilla extract to the syrup and transfer to a container with a tight fitting lid. The syrup will last 1 month stored in the refrigerator. Makes about 1 12 cups leftovers can be refrigerated for 1 week., ingredients: [1 cup whole, 2 percent or skim milk, 1 or 2 shots hot espresso per latte depending on your preference, 2 tablespoons Pumpkin Spice Syrup, recipe follows, Cinnamon or pumpkin pie spice, for garnish, optional, 13 cup pumpkin puree, 1 tablespoon pumpkin pie spice, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Pumpkin Latte, picturelink: OyjYOtnhCFuQ29HMe52QpOrVDJK4hwu}, 58226: {instructions: Add the beef broth and Worcestershire sauce to a 6quart slow cooker.nAdd the pork, turkey, breadcrumbs, eggs, allspice, onion powder, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to a large bowl. Mix the meat with your hands until the mixture is uniform in color and texture. Scoop level tablespoonfuls, and roll them into balls place them in a single layer in the slow cooker. When the bottom of the cooker is covered, add a second layer, starting on the outer edge. The outside of the cooker is hotter meatballs on the edge will cook more quickly than those in the center. Cover and cook on high for 2 hours, until the meatballs are cooked through.nMeanwhile, rub the butter and flour together in a small bowl to make a smooth paste which will be used to thicken the sauce. Pinch off 12inch balls, and set on a small plate.nTransfer the meatballs with a slotted spoon from the slow cooker to a large bowl, leaving the cooking liquid in the pot. You should have about 1 12 cups liquid. When removing the meatballs, start from the outer edges and scoop carefully. Some may be stuck together gentle coaxing with the spoon will separate them.nWhisk the butterflour paste into the cooking liquid, 1 or 2 balls at a time, to incorporate. Whisk in the sour cream and jelly, if using. Return the meatballs to the slow cooker, and stir with the spoon to coat. Cook on high, uncovered, until the sauce is thickened, 30 minutes. Adjust the setting to keep warm, sprinkle the meatballs with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 cup beef broth, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 pound ground pork, 1 pound ground turkey, 12 cup plain breadcrumbs, 2 large eggs, 1 12 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon lingonberry or red currant jelly, optional, 12 cup fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, chopped], title: SlowCooker Swedish Meatballs, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 58227: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat an outdoor grill to medium heat.nPut salmon in a shallow baking dish and pour basting sauce over to coat the salmon, reserving 13 of the basting sauce for grilling. Marinate the salmon fillets for at least 30 minutes or refrigerate covered up to 4 hours. Place the fish on the grill skin side down. Grill until just cooked through, about 10 to 15 minutes. Brush with the reserved basting sauce throughout the grilling process. Serve immediately.nCombine ingredients in a bowl, mix well., ingredients: [4 6ounce salmon fillets, Basting sauce, recipe follows, 13 cup lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Worlds Largest Salmon BBQ, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 58228: {instructions: Pass all of the ingredients through a juice maker according to the manufacturers directions. Pour into glasses and serve.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [1 12 pounds kale, 2 medium carrots, scrubbed, 2 medium apples such as Fuji or Honeycrisp, halved and cored, 1 small lemon, peeled], title: Kale Juice, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 58229: {instructions: In a large sauce pot over medium heat, warm the olive oil. Add the onion and pancetta and cook slowly, until onions are soft and translucent and the pancetta fat is rendered. Add the tomatoes, hot red pepper flakes and season with salt and pepper.nBoil a large pot of water salt generously. Cook the bucatini until it is soft but still firm.nDivide the pasta between 4 warmed pasta bowls. Ladle some sauce on top, and serve with grated Pecorino Romano., ingredients: [1 mediumsized red onion, peeled and sliced, 8 ounces pancetta, cut into small dice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds very ripe, fresh tomatoes, chopped or 1 12 pounds canned tomatoes, preferably imported Italian, drained and crushed by hand, 12 teaspoon hot red pepper flakes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bucatini], title: Bucatini alla Matriciana, picturelink: null}, 58230: {instructions: Cook onion, garlic, cinnamon stick, saffron, pepper flakes, bay leaf, and clove in oil in a 4quart heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring occasionally, until onion is softened, about 8 minutes.nTrim fennel stalks flush with bulb, discarding stalks, and trim any discolored outer layers. Cut bulb lengthwise into 14inch wedges. Cut peppers into 1  inch pieces Add fennel and bell peppers to onion mixture and cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add tomatoes, broth, and water and simmer, covered, until peppers are tender, about 8 minutes.nRinse and drain chickpeas. Pat chicken dry and cut crosswise into 34inchthick slices. Season with salt and pepper. Add chicken and chickpeas to vegetable mixture and simmer, stirring occasionally, until chicken is cooked through, about 6 minutes. Stir in parsley and salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 medium onion, chopped, 3 large garlic cloves, minced, 1 3inch cinnamon stick, 14 teaspoon crumbled saffron threads, 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, 1 bay leaf, 1 pinch ground cloves, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 large fennel bulb 6 ounces, 1 red bell pepper, 1 yellow bell pepper, 1 34 cups canned crushed tomatoes 15ounce can, 12 cup chicken broth, 12 cup water, 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 12 cups canned chickpeas 19ounce can, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Saffron Chicken and Chickpea Stew, picturelink: null}, 58231: {instructions: Place chocolate in a small bowl with 14 cup water. Set bowl in a pan of barely simmering water, stirring frequently until melted and smooth. Set aside to cool. Combine 12 cup, or more to taste, of chestnut cream into 1 slightly rounded cup of buttercream. Set aside.nAssemble the Buche: Peel parchment liner from cake. Lift foil under cake and invert it onto a second sheet of foil. Remove the original foil, peeling away the browned genoise skin stuck to it. Moisten the cake with the rum, using a pastry brush. Spread chestnut buttercream evenly over the cake. Roll the cake tightly, the long way, into a log using the foil to aid you if necessary. Wrap log tightly in foil. Freeze until hard, or at least firm. The firmer the cake, the easier it will be to decorate. Log may be completed to this point, and kept frozen, up to 6 weeks. Stir chocolate mixture into remaining buttercream and refrigerate or freeze until needed. Finish and Decorate the Buche: Soften reserved chocolate buttercream and beat just until smooth. Unwrap the frozen log. Trim a fraction of an inch from each end to even the edges. Spread the log with most of the reserved chocolate buttercream. Do not frost the ends. Use a fork to texture the buttercream so that it resembles the bark of a tree. Dip a sharp knife in hot water, then wipe dry. Cut the diagonal stump off each end of the log. Set stumps aside. Transfer log to a serving platter. Affix stumps to the log. Cover bare spots with buttercream. Use the fork to touch up the bark effect as necessary. Decorate with sprigs of pine and meringue mushrooms. Store in the refrigerator. For best flavor and texture, remove Buche from the refrigerator at least an hour before serving., ingredients: [7 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 small can, 250 grams, Chestnut Cream or Sweetened Chestnut Puree, 13 cup rum, Buttercream, recipe follows, 1 Genoise sheet cake, baked, Meringue Mushrooms, recipe follows, Sprigs of fresh Pine or Holly], title: Chocolate Chestnut Buche de Noel, picturelink: null}, 58232: {instructions: In a large pot bring the stock to a boil and add the ginger and garlic.nAdd the squash, corn, onion, carrots, cabbage and mushrooms and return to a boil. Cook at a low boil until the cabbage and onions are 34 cooked, 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd the spinach, tofu and scallions and return the soup to a boil. Cook until the tofu is heated through and the spinach is wilted, 2 to 3 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, transfer all the vegetables to a large, warmed serving bowl, cover the bowl and keep it in a warm place.nAdd the miso, tamari, hot pepper sauce, lemon juice and sesame oil to the broth. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nPour the broth over the vegetables and serve at once., ingredients: [4 cups vegetable stock or water, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 acorn squash, seeds removed, washed under hot water, peeled if necessary and cut into bitesize pieces, 2 ears fresh or frozen corn, shucked, silk removed, quartered, 1 medium onion, peeled and cut into eighths, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 12 head Savoy cabbage, cut into 12inch wedges, 8 large mushrooms, 12 pound spinach, washed, tough stems removed, 1 pound firm tofu, cut into 1inch squares, 2 scallions, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 tablespoons red miso, 1 tablespoon tamari or soy sauce, 5 drops hot pepper sauce, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 teaspoon sesame oil, Salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Big Miso Dinner Soup, picturelink: null}, 58233: {instructions: Special equipment: 7 12inch highsided tart pan or 9inch shallow quiche platenMake the Shortcrust pastry, recipe below, leaving to chill for 30 minutes before using.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line the tart pan with the pastry dough, and bake blind.nFilling: Heat the oil in a frying pan and cook the bacon until crisp. Remove and drain on paper towels. Then sweat the onions gently in the same oil for 10 minutes more.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs in a mediumsized bowl, add the cream, parsley and chives, cheeses, and cool bacon and onions. Mix well and add seasoning.nPour the filling into the pastry base and return to the oven for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the center has set. Serve warm with a green salad and relish.nPut the flour, salt, and butter in a food processor and whiz or pulse briefly. Add half the beaten egg and continue to whiz. You might add a little more egg, but not too much as the mixture should be just moist enough to come together. If making by hand, rub the butter into the flour until it resembles coarse bread crumbs. Then, using your hands, add just enough egg to bring the dough together.nWith your hands, flatten out the ball of dough, until it is about 34inch thick, and then wrap in plastic wrap or place in a plastic bag and leave in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes or, if you are pushed for time, in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes.nMakes 1 crust about 14 ounces., ingredients: [Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 6 ounces streaky bacon, cut into 12inch lardons, 4 ounces onions, peeled and chopped, 2 eggs and 2 egg yokes, 9 ounces heavy cream, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives, 2 ounces Cheddar cheese, grated, 2 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 7 ounces allpurpose flour, sifted, Pinch of salt, 7 tablespoons chilled butter, cubed, 12 to 1 medium egg, beaten], title: Quiche Lorraine, picturelink: null}, 58234: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason chicken strips with salt and pepper. Set aside.nIn a large bowl, combine honey mustard with egg substitute and whisk well. Submerge the chicken and set aside to marinate for at least 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, place pretzels in sealable plastic bag, seal, and finely crush through the bag with a meat mallet or other heavy utensil. Add sugar, reseal, and shake to mix. Spread the mixture out on a large plate or in a large dish. Set aside.nSpray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.nUsing tongs, transfer chicken strips to the pretzelsugar mixture and thoroughly coat. Then transfer them to the baking sheet. Discard excess mustardegg mixture. Mist the tops of the strips with nonstick spray.nBake in the oven for about 20 minutes, flipping chicken halfway through baking, until the chicken is cooked through.nEat and enjoy, ingredients: [10 ounces raw boneless skinless lean chicken breast, cut into 8 strips, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup and 2 tablespoons honey mustard, plus more, for optional dipping, 14 cup fatfree liquid egg substitute, 20 standardsized not mini hard salted thin pretzel twists, 1 tablespoon and 1 teaspoon granulated sugar], title: Honey Mustard PretzelCoated Chicken Fingers, picturelink: jJtiUyojeYk4RdxYRY6s4nTjyBsPbS}, 58235: {instructions: Lightly butter and flour two 9 x 1 12inch round cake pans. Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter at low speed until smooth, about 1 minute. Slowly add the sugar and mix until just incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, about 10 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the sides of the bowl down with a rubber spatula.nMeanwhile, sift the flour, baking powder, and salt together into a large bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together the milk and vanilla.nReduce the mixers speed to low. Alternately add the flour mixture and milk mixture, waiting for each to be fully incorporated before adding the next scrape the bowl down occasionally. Raise the speed to medium and mix briefly until a smooth batter is formed. Transfer the batter to a large bowl.nThoroughly clean the bowl of the mixer and place the egg whites inside. Using the whisk attachment, whip the egg whites on high speed, until stiff peaks are formed.nWorking in 3 batches, using a rubber spatula, fold the egg whites into the batter, until just incorporated.nDivide the cake batter evenly between the prepared cake pans. Place the pans on the middle oven rack evenly spaced apart. Bake, rotating the pans halfway through the cooking, until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center of the cakes comes out clean, about 30 minutes.nRemove the cakes from the oven and run a knife around the edges to loosen them from the sides of the pans. One at a time, invert the cakes onto a plate and then reinvert them onto a cooling rack, roundedsides up. Let cool completely.nFrost the cake. Place one layer, roundedside down, in the middle of a rotating cake stand. If using the vanilla frosting, reserve about 1 to 2 cups for coloring and decorating. Using a palette knife or offset spatula spread about half of the frosting all over the cake. Spread enough frosting over the top to make a 14to12inch layer. Carefully set the other layer on top, roundedside up, and spread all over with the remaining frosting.nIf coloring the vanilla frosting, place the reserved frosting in a medium bowl and stir in the food coloring, little by little, until the desired color is reached. Transfer the colored frosting to a pastry bag with small, round or fluted tip, or a plastic baggie with a small portion of a corner cut off.nUsing the colored frosting, creatively write Happy Birthday to whomever and decorate the edges in fringes and whirls, if desired. Serve immediately with lit candles or store at room temperature or in the refrigerator covered with a cake or pie lid. If storing the cake in the refrigerator, remember to remove it several hours before serving, to bring it to room temperature.nIn a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or with a handheld electric mixer, combine the butter and sugar and mix on low until incorporated. Raise the speed to high and mix until light and fluffy, about 10 minutes. Occasionally turn the mixer off, and scrape the sides of the bowl down with a rubber spatula.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the milk, vanilla, lemon juice, and zest.nReduce the speed of the mixer to low. Add the milk mixture in 3 batches, waiting for each batch to be fully incorporated before adding the next scrape the bowl down occasionally. Raise the speed to high and mix briefly until fluffy. Use as desired. May be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days.nYield: about 6 cupsnPut the chocolate in a large bowl and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, whisk together the cream and corn syrup and bring to a boil. Pour the cream mixture over the bowl of chocolate and immediately whisk until smooth. Set aside to cool completely, about 1 hour.nTransfer the chocolate mixture to the bowl of a standing electric mixer, or with a handheld mixer and whip on high speed until creamy and fluffy. Use as desired. May be stored covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nYield: about 4 cupsnCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [1 12 cups unsalted butter 3 sticks, at room temperature, plus more for preparing the pan, 2 14 cups sugar, 3 cups cake flour, sifted, plus more for preparing the pans, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, at room temperature, 6 large egg whites, room temperature, About 4 to 6 cups VANILLA FROSTING or CHOCOLATE FROSTING, recipes follow, Food coloring optional, Enough candles to equal the age of the birthday celebrant, 1 12 pounds unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 12 cups confectioners sugar, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon whole milk, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon plus 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, at room temperature, 1 12 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 1 pound semisweet chocolate, roughly chopped, 1 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup dark corn syrup, plus more to taste], title: A Birthday Cake, picturelink: null}, 58236: {instructions: Combine the BeetCarrotApple Juice, gin and Campari in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake vigorously for 8 to 10 seconds. Strain into a tall glass filled with ice. Garnish with the apple slice.nJuice, in this order, the beets, apple and carrots, following your juicers specific settings for each. Serve the juice immediately over ice, if desired., ingredients: [4 ounces BeetCarrotApple Juice, recipe follows, 2 ounces gin, 1 ounce Campari, Apple slice, for garnish, 2 medium beets, trimmed and scrubbed, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and cored, 3 medium carrots, peeled], title: Beet Negroni, picturelink: RH29eCGRigmdqybszRtgzsyHj0w94gC}, 58237: {instructions: Leaving the skin on, cut the potatoes into long thin strips and put in a large bowl of clean water to remove some starch, prevent them from sticking together, and stop the oxidizing process.nIn a cast iron skillet fitted with a thermometer, or a small fryer, heat the oil until it reaches 275 to 300 degrees F. Remove the potatoes from the water and pat dry. Working in small batches, fry the potatoes until they go from shiny to matte, 3 to 5 minutes this is also called blanching. Drain well on paper towels. Reheat the oil until it reaches 350 degrees F and fry the potatoes again, also in small batches, until they are golden brown and crispy on the outside but soft and chewy on the inside.nRemove from the oil, drain well, and toss with sea salt and malt vinegar, or any other seasoning you prefer. You can also fry fresh herbs such as rosemary, sage, and thyme with the potatoes. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 large Russet potatoes, well scrubbed, 24 ounces vegetable, canola, or peanut oil, Sea salt and malt vinegar, Crab boil seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Truffle oil, Parsley, Freshly chopped garlic, Hot sauce, Grated Parmesan, Red chile flakes, Fresh herbs], title: HandCut French Fries, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 58238: {instructions: Boil potatoes in salted water. Saute onion and celery in oil. Add salt and pepper to taste. Boil the giblets and neck in salted water to make stock.nMoisten bread with milk. Smash the potatoes in a large bowl. I use a small roasting pan, and then I roast the filling right in it. Add all other ingredients including all spices and oil from saute. When adding the eggs, add a little of the hot mixture to the eggs first and beat well, so as to not scramble them when they go into the whole mix.nMix thoroughly. If it needs more moisture, add the stock, a little at a time. Taste to make sure enough spices are added. Add more salt and pepper and poultry seasoning, if needed.nBake at 350 degrees in a greased casserole dish or roasting pan until very hot and browned, usually one hour. Dot the top with pats of butter before putting into oven. I know some people chop the giblets and add to the filling, but I dont., ingredients: [6 large potatoes, cut in pieces, 2 medium onions, chopped, 6 stalks celery, chopped small, Enough vegetable oil for saute, 810 pieces of old bread, broken into bitesize pieces, 14 to 12 cup milk, 4 raw eggs, beaten, Salt and pepper, 45 tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped fine, 12 tablespoons poultry seasoning, Stock from the giblets and neck, 12 stick of butter, cut into pieces], title: Pennsylvania Dutch Potato and Bread Filling, picturelink: null}, 58239: {instructions: Set a baking sheet on an oven rack and preheat to 200 degrees F.nBlend the almond milk, soy yogurt, cornstarch, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla in a blender until combined. Transfer to a casserole dish or glass pie plate.nHeat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the oil, swirling the skillet to coat the surface. Place 3 slices of bread in the milkyogurt mixture, let soak for about 1 minute per side, then carefully lay the slices in the skillet. Cook, undisturbed, until browned and crisp, 2 to 4 minutes per side adjust the heat as needed. Serve immediately or transfer to the rack in the oven to keep warm. Repeat with the remaining oil, bread and milksoy mixture. Serve with maple syrup., ingredients: [1 14 cups unsweetened almond milk, 12 cup soy yogurt, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 tablespoons refined coconut oil, melted, One 1pound dayold Italianstyle loaf, ends discarded and loaf cut into 34inchthick slices, Warm pure maple syrup, for serving], title: Vegan French Toast, picturelink: H0FvjAoCZzzJtDQqbN5JfbIBFCVQ76y}, 58240: {instructions: Roast the bell pepper over a gas flame, turning with tongs, or broil until the skin is blackened. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let cool. Peel, seed and chop the pepper.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSpread the butternut squash on a rimmed baking sheet, drizzle lightly with EVOO, sprinkle with the nutmeg and cinnamon and season with salt and pepper. Roast until tender and browned at the edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Keep the oven on.nMeanwhile, combine the stock and sundried tomatoes in a small saucepan. Bring to a low simmer over medium heat and cook until very tender.nHeat 1 tablespoon EVOO in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and cook until browned. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate. Add the zucchini to the pot and cook until lightly browned, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the onions and cook until softened, 2 to 3 minutes, then add the roasted peppers.nPour the sundried tomatoes and the cooking liquid into a food processor and add the Roasted Garlic Paste, cilantro, oregano and chipotle puree. Puree until smooth, then add the mixture to the chili and stir to combine. Add the beans, canned tomatoes, chorizo and roasted squash. Add enough water to thin the chili to the desired consistency.nMelt the butter in a small pan. Coarsely crumble the muffins on a baking sheet, then drizzle with the melted butter and sprinkle with seafood seasoning. Bake until browned.nLadle the chili into shallow bowls and top with the Manchego cheese and crumbled muffins.nThe chili can be covered and refrigerated for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, stirring occasionally.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Arrange the garlic in a cluster on a large piece of foil and drizzle with 14 cup EVOO. Wrap up the garlic in the foil to make a tightly sealed pouch. Roast until very tender, about 45 minutes. Let cool, then squeeze the garlic from the skins into a food processor. Add the remaining 34 cup EVOO and the honey and season with salt and pepper. Puree until smooth, then transfer to a small container. Alternatively, you can mash the garlic paste with a fork instead of using a food processor., ingredients: [1 large red bell pepper, 1 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and chopped, 1 tablespoon EVOO, plus more for drizzling, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups chicken stock, 34 cup loosely packed tender sundried tomatoes not packed in oil, 12 ounces chorizo, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 small or 1 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise, seeded and chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 13 recipe Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows or 2 heads roasted garlic, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for serving, 1 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, 2 to 3 tablespoons seeded pureed chipotles in adobo sauce, One 14ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, One 14ounce can red kidney beans, rinsed and drained, One 14ounce can crushed or diced fireroasted tomatoes or diced tomatoes with green chilies, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 large corn muffins, Seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, Shaved Manchego cheese, for serving, 6 heads garlic, tops trimmed off to expose all of the cloves, 1 cup EVOO, 3 tablespoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chorizo, Roasted Butternut and Zucchini Chili Pot, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 58241: {instructions: Pour KAHLu00daAu00ae in a highball glass filled with ice. Add the club soda. Garnish with a wedge of lime., ingredients: [2 parts KAHLu00daAu00ae, Ice, 4 parts club soda], title: KAHLu00daAu00ae and Club Soda, picturelink: null}, 58242: {instructions: Stir 8 ounces chocolate until melted in a medium glass bowl set over a saucepan with lightly simmering water not touching the bottom of the bowl. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 4 ounces chocolate. Cooks Note: This will cool the chocolate down and help it set.nDip each potato chip halfway into the melted chocolate. Place on a waxed paperlined baking tray and place in the refrigerator until hardened, about 20 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [12 ounces dark chocolate, chopped, 1 10ounce bag good quality kettle potato chips], title: Chocolate Chips, picturelink: GEuBING4uJR6lqiYK0KtiAdI8ER8d06}, 58243: {instructions: Whisk the flour, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Beat the butter and brown sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the maple syrup, egg, vanilla and maple extract. The mixture may look curdled. Reduce the mixer speed to medium low add the flour mixture and beat until combined. Cover and refrigerate until the dough is no longer sticky, about 30 minutes it will still be soft.nPosition racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Coat 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Put the turbinado sugar in a shallow dish. Roll tablespoonfuls of the dough into 1inch balls, then roll in the turbinado sugar. Press a walnut half into the center of each cookie and arrange 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets.nBake, switching the pans halfway through, until the edges of the cookies are set but the centers are still soft, 12 to 14 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 23 cup packed dark brown sugar, 12 cup pure maple syrup, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon maple extract, Cooking spray, 12 cup turbinado sugar, 12 cup walnut halves], title: MapleWalnut Cookies, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 58244: {instructions: COOK and stir chicken in large skillet sprayed with cooking spray on mediumhigh heat 5 min. or until no longer pink.nSTIR in water. Bring to boil. Add pasta stir. Cover simmer on mediumlow 10 min. or until pasta is tender.nADD remaining ingredients stir. Cook, covered, 5 to 7 min. or until VELVEETA is completely melted and vegetables are crisptender, stirring frequently.nRoTel is a product of ConAgra Foods, Inc., ingredients: [112 lb. boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups water, 3 cups rotini pasta, uncooked, 1 pkg. 16 oz. frozen broccoli, cauliflower and carrot blend, 1 can 10 oz. ROTEL Diced Tomatoes  Green Chilies, drained, 12 lb. 8 oz. VELVEETA Pasteurized Prepared Cheese Product, cut into 12inch cubes], title: VELVEETA Cheesy Chicken Rotini, picturelink: null}, 58245: {instructions: Use a separate cutting board for prepping and place a nice wooden board for the display in front of you. Unwrap all the meats and cheeses and lay them out next to your display board.nPlace the baby mozzarella in a small dish and set on 1 corner of the board.nRoll the prosciutto like a burrito, fold the mortadella in half 2 or 3 times, and wrap the cappicolla into a horn shape and place it creatively on the cutting board. There is no set way to roll the meats, just go with the way the meat is cut.nSlice a bit of each cheese, the soppressata, and pepperoni and place on board in between folded meats. Scatter board with artichoke hearts, olives, pepperoncinis, and roasted red peppers.nTo finish, take a few basil leaves sliced chiffonadestyle and mix with the minced garlic and olive oil. Drizzle over the entire board. Garnish with whole basil leaves and serve with cucumber slices as an alternative to crackers., ingredients: [6 ounces baby or fresh mozzarella, 14 pound prosciutto, thinly sliced, 14 pound mortadella, thinly sliced, 14 pound cappicolla, thinly sliced, 1 5 to 6ounce piece of asiago or aged provolone cheese, 1 small stick soppressata dried Italian sausage, 1 small stick pepperoni, 4 ounces 1 small jar marinated artichoke hearts, 14 pound oildried black olives or similar olives, 4 ounces 1 small jar pepperoncini peppers, 6 ounces or 2 pieces whole roasted red peppers, 1 bunch fresh basil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 seedless cucumber, thinly sliced], title: Last Minute Antipasta Platter, picturelink: KgwbJfvl6lczYA6QJ2pZXfRug92BO}, 58246: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly oil the swordfish all over and season generously with salt and pepper. Lay 15 pieces of prosciutto out flat on waxed paper, overlapping a bit, and place the swordfish loin on top. Roll the prosciutto around the circumference of the fish, to wrap it. Remove the waxed paper. Secure the swordfish roast with butchers twine. Thread the thyme sprigs under the pieces of string. Coat a roasting pan with olive oil and set on 2 burners over high heat until almost smoking. Sear the swordfish on all sides until the prosciutto begins to crisp up, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to the oven and bake for 30 minutes or until the fish is opaque and feels springyfirm when poked.nUsing a paring knife, peel the oranges, removing all the white pith. Place a mixing bowl under the orange to catch the juice and cut between the membranes to release the segments add to the bowl. Add the raisins to the oranges so they plump while preparing the rest of the dish. Trim the stalks from the fennel bulbs, reserving the fronds for garnish, and remove tough outer leaves. Cut the bulb in half lengthwise, trim the base, and cut out the core. Slice fennel into strips as thin as possible. Put the fennel slices in the bowl and add the olives, anchovies, vinegar, oil, basil, and fennel seeds. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper toss gently to mix.nTo serve, spoon the fennel salad down the length of a serving platter. Remove twine from the swordfish and slice into 1 12inch steaks, lay the swordfish in the center, and drizzle platter with olive oil. Garnish with arugula, cherry tomatoes, and reserved fennel tops., ingredients: [Olive oil, 4 pounds swordfish, center eye loin, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound prosciutto slices, 8 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 oranges, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 fennel bulbs, 12 cup whole Kalamata black olives, pitted, 6 anchovy fillets, chopped, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 10 fresh basil leaves, cut into chiffonade, 1 tablespoon fennel seed, 14 pound arugula, 6 cherry tomatoes, halved], title: Mediterranean Swordfish Wrapped in Prosciutto, picturelink: mqXybd3nspMn6ynfdGJtm3s4nfK9T2}, 58247: {instructions: Line a 9by5inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, leaving a 2inch overhang on all sides.nMake the white layer: Sprinkle the gelatin over 12 cup milk in a medium bowl. Let stand 2 minutes. Heat the remaining 12 cup milk in a small saucepan over medium heat until steaming. Pour over the gelatin mixture and whisk until combined. Add the sugar and whisk until dissolved. Whisk in the sour cream, vanilla and salt until smooth. Pour the mixture into the prepared loaf pan, then lightly tap the pan on the counter to make an even layer. Refrigerate until set, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nMake the red layer: Combine the watermelon, raspberries, sugar, lemon juice and salt in a blender process until smooth. Strain through a finemesh sieve into a bowl, pressing the puree through with the back of a spoon. Transfer 1 cup of the puree to another bowl and sprinkle with the gelatin let stand 2 minutes. Heat 1 cup of the remaining puree in a saucepan over medium heat until steaming. Pour over the gelatin mixture and whisk until combined. Stir in the remaining puree let cool.nSpoon the cooled puree over the white layer loosely cover with the overhanging plastic wrap. Refrigerate until completely set, about 3 hours.nMake the sauce: Combine the blueberries, sugar, salt and 14 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until the berries burst, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a blender and add the lemon juice puree until smooth. Let cool completely.nUnwrap the terrine invert onto a platter. Slice and serve with the blueberry sauce and fresh blueberries.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder, 1 cup cold whole milk, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 4 cups chopped seedless watermelon, 2 cups raspberries, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Pinch of salt, 4 teaspoons unflavored gelatin powder, 2 cups blueberries, plus more for sprinkling about 1 pint, 14 cup sugar, Pinch of salt, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice], title: RaspberryWatermelon Terrine With Blueberry Sauce, picturelink: 3gHVMWhuSDDvhiBRoZd4BFLuOUMMx4m}, 58248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nDrain the pineapple cubes in a strainer. Lay the pineapple cubes on a paper towel and pat dry. Put the butter in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Make brown butter by heating the butter until melted and just starting to brown around the edges. Add the pineapple and toss to coat in the butter. Add the honey and toss to coat the pineapple with the honey. Cook until the pineapple is golden, about 5 to 7 minutes. Turn off the heat and stir in the pine nuts.nIn a small bowl mix together the rum and the mascarpone. Place the pineapple mixture in a serving dish and top it with a dollop of the cheese mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup cubed pineapple, fresh or canned, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 1 teaspoon rum, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese], title: Sauteed Pineapple with Honey and Pine Nuts, picturelink: WdbOpICqA9et5bR3QSSL3PVUY3FGiu}, 58249: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo steamer basket parchment papernLine a bamboo steamer basket with parchment paper and set the steamer in a wok. Add enough water to just touch the bottom rim of the steamer basket and bring the water to a boil. Cover the bamboo steamer with a lid.nMix together the salt, black pepper and cinnamon in a small mixing bowl and rub it all over the ribs. Cut the rack in half crosswise and lay the pieces in the steamer its ok if they overlap as long as the lid closes. Cover the steamer and steam the ribs until fork tender, about 1 hour, adding water to the wok as needed so the basket doesnt burn. Remove the ribs and let stand until cool enough to handle. Cut the racks into individual ribs.nDrain and dry the wok and return to medium heat. Add the peanut oil and garlic and cook until the garlic softens, about 2 minutes. Pour in the orange juice, sweet soy and chili sauce and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium low, add the ribs and cook, tossing frequently, until the ribs are glazed and the sauce is sticky, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer the ribs to a plate and garnish with the sesame seeds and scallions., ingredients: [2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 rack baby back ribs, 2 teaspoons peanut or vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup sweet soy kecap manis, 3 tablespoons sweet chili sauce, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, for garnish, 1 scallion, chopped, for garnish], title: Formosa Sticky Ribs, picturelink: null}, 58250: {instructions: Cut off and set aside turkey wing tips and cut the wings in half at the joint. In a large, heavy pot, heat the oil over moderately high heat, add the wings including the tips, and brown lightly on all sides. Add the onions, carrots, and garlic and cook, stirring, until the onions are soft. Add the tomatoes and stir for 1 minute. Add the bay leaves, tarragon, salt and pepper, and water and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to moderately low, cover, and simmer until the wings are tender, about 2 hours.nDiscard the wing tips and bay leaves, transfer the wings to a bowl, remove and discard the skin and bones, and cut the turkey meat into 1 12inch strips. Pour off all but about 2 cups of the steaming liquid, add the turkey strips, ham, and peas to the pot, return the stew to a simmer, and cook until the peas are tender, about 10 minutes. Add the rice and stir until well blended., ingredients: [4 large turkey wings about 5 pounds, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 mediumsize onions, coarsely chopped, 2 mediumsize carrots, scraped and coarsely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 large, ripe tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon dried tarragon, crumbled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 5 cups water, 2 ounces cooked ham, cut into thin strips, 2 cups fresh or frozen green peas, 3 or 4 cups boiled rice slightly wet], title: Turkey Wing, Ham, and Pea Bog, picturelink: null}, 58251: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by5inch loaf pannIn a large bowl, sift together the allpurpose flour, cake flour, baking powder and salt. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer or using a hand mixer, cream together the butter and cream cheese on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the sugar and mix for 1 minute. Add the eggs, one at a time, and then the vanilla mix for 1 minute, until well blended. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add in the dry ingredients and mix until completely blended.nPour the batter into the prepared loaf pan and bake until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 50 minutes. Let cool for 10 minutes before turning the cake out onto a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 7 ounces 1 34 sticks butter, softened, plus 1 tablespoon for greasing the loaf pan, 3 ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 12 cups sugar, 5 eggs, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract], title: Vanilla Pound Cake, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 58252: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the chocolate milk, espresso, chocolate ice cream, brownie, and salted caramel and chocolate sauce to taste to a blender. Blend and pour into a glass. Garnish with whipped cream and chocolatecovered strawberries., ingredients: [1 12 cups chocolate milk, 1 shot espresso, 2 giant scoops chocolate ice cream, softened, 1 brownie, crumbled, Salted caramel, Chocolate sauce, Dollop of whipped cream, for garnish, Chocolatecovered strawberries, for garnish], title: ChocolateLovers Milkshake, picturelink: cmOFBV7Qvtx0fAxMYVMg6xSCizWRaS}, 58253: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCombine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Stir together.nMeasure the buttermilk and milk in a measuring cup and add the egg. Stir together with a fork. Add the baking soda and stir. Pour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients. Stir with a fork until combined. Fold in the cheese. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, melt the shortening in the microwave. Slowly add the melted shortening to the batter, stirring until just combined.nIn an iron skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Saute the peppers and onions until soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Pour the batter into the hot skillet with the veggies. Spread to even out the surface. Batter should sizzle.nCook for 1 minute, and then transfer to the oven and bake until golden brown, for 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Pinch of salt, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup milk, 1 whole egg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 14 cup shortening, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 fresh jalapeno, seeded and diced, 12 onion, diced], title: Cheesy Jalapeno Cornbread, picturelink: pcrlTNfkRVc4TpPahGsoJksPItFswc6}, 58254: {instructions: For the spring rolls: Dice 1 lobster claw in 12inch pieces. In a bowl, combine it with 14ounce ginger, 14 shallot, the carrot, leek and snowpeas. Season with salt and pepper. Spread the mixture along the base of the wrapper, leaving about 1inch on each side. Fold the sides over the filling and roll tightly. Brush with the egg mixture to seal. Reserve.nFor the artichoke: In a bowl, place the meat from the knuckle and combine with 14ounce ginger, 14ounce shallots, 1 tablespoon butter, 14ounce minced chives and 14ounce peas. Season with salt and pepper. Scoop onto the artichoke bottom. Chill and reserve.nTo assemble: Melt 1 tablespoon of butter in a saute pan over medium heat. Add the remaining ginger and shallots. Add the bok choy and scallion and cook to heat through. Season with salt and pepper. In another pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons of butter, the lobster tail and remaining claw. Coat the lobster meat with the butter as it melts, making sure not to let the butter brown. Continue until the meat is heated through. Remove the lobster and keep warm. Add 3 ounces of lobster stock to the pan and bring to a boil. Add the remaining butter and reduce to a silky consistency. Keep warm. Heat the artichoke bottom with 2 tablespoons of stock in a preheated 350 degree oven for 8 to 10 minutes. Deepfry the spring roll for 2 minutes or until golden brown.nTo serve: Place the bok choy and scallion on a serving plate. Arrange the lobster tail and claw on top. Place the artichoke bottom on the plate. Reheat the sauce and add the remaining chives. Spoon the sauce over the artichoke and lobster meat and top with the spring roll., ingredients: [1 14 pounds cooked lobster, claws and knuckles shelled and tail split lengthwise, 1ounce minced ginger, 2 ounces minced shallots, 12ounce julienne carrot, blanched, 12ounce julienne leek, blanched, 12ounce julienne snow peas, blanched, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 9inch by 9inch spring roll wrapper, 1 egg beaten with 1 teaspoon water, 8 tablespoons butter, softened, 12ounce minced chives, 1ounce fresh peas, 1 cooked artichoke, leaves and choke removed, 2 baby bok choy, blanched, 2 scallions, trimmed and blanched, 5 ounces lobster stock], title: Lobster, Lobster, Lobster and Lobster Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58255: {instructions: In a large saucepan combine the potatoes with enough cold water to cover them by 1 inch and simmer them, covered, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until tender. Drain the potatoes, let them cool completely, and cut them into 14inchthick slices. In a kettle of boiling water cook separately the haricots verts, the squash, and the carrots for 3 to 5 minutes each, or until each vegetable is crisptender, transferring them as they are cooked with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking. Transfer the vegetables with the slotted spoon to paper towels and pat them dry. In the kettle of boiling water cook the radishes for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they are crisptender, and transfer them with the slotted spoon to the bowl of ice and cold water. Drain the radishes and pat them dry. Transfer the vegetables to 5 separate bowls and chill them, covered. The vegetables may be cooked 1 cay in advance and kept covered and chilled.nMake the vinaigrette: In a blender or food processor blend together the shallots, the garlic, the mustard, the lemon juice, the vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste until the mixture is smooth,nwith the motor running add the oil in a stream, and blend the dressing until it is emulsified.nDivide the vinaigrette evenly among the 5 bowls, toss each vegetable to coat it with the dressing, and arrange the vegetables decoratively on a large platter., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small red potatoes, 34 pound haricots verts thin French green beans, trimmed, 1 pound baby Pattypan squash, trimmed, 4 bunches of baby carrots about 24, trimmed and peeled, 3 bunches of small radishes about 24, trimmed, 1 large shallot, chopped, 1 large garlic clove, chopped, 2 teaspoons coarsegrained mustard, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 13 cup olive oil], title: Mixed Vegetables Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58256: {instructions: Heat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the Canadian bacon and cook, stirring frequently, until crisp, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the bacon to a plate.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the onion, celery, 34 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper to the pot and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables have softened, about 6 minutes. Add the garlic and thyme and cook, stirring, for 1 minute more. Add 1 12 cups water, the reserved clam juice about 1 12 cups, the potatoes and bay leaf and bring to a boil. Partially cover the pot and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.nWhisk the milk, cream and flour in a bowl until the flour is dissolved. Slowly add the mixture to the pot, stirring constantly. While stirring, bring the soup to a simmer do not boil. Reduce the heat to medium low and cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 8 minutes. Add the clams and simmer 2 minutes more. Discard the bay leaf. Add salt and pepper to taste.nRight before serving, stir in the bacon. Serve with the hot sauce.nPer serving: Calories 312 Fat 8g Saturated 2g Cholesterol 66mg Sodium 510mg Carbohydrate 33g Fiber 3g Protein 27gnPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, 4 slices Canadian bacon, diced 2 ounces, 1 large onion, chopped about 2 cups, 6 stalks celery, diced about 2 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic about 3 large cloves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 1pound containers frozen clams packed in their own juice, thawed, juice reserved, 1 14 pounds russet potatoes, cut into 12inch dice, 1 bay leaf, 2 cups cold lowfat 1 percent milk, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Hot sauce such as Tabasco, for serving optional], title: New New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: W1OHdekXHyw0UxtGVPnZMZORbEveq.}, 58257: {instructions: Place chicken in a large nonreactive bowl and add onions, garlic, sliced celery, carrots, lime juice and peppers. Let chicken marinate 3 to 5 hours in the refrigerator. Strain the chicken and pat dry. Season with salt and pepper. Reserve the vegetables. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a Dutch oven over medium heat and brown chicken on both sides. Remove chicken and pour off excess fat. Add 1 tablespoon oil to Dutch oven and saute marinated vegetables until tender, about 5 to 10 minutes. Deglaze with 2 cups chicken stock. Add chicken to Dutch oven and allow to cook over medium heat until chicken is tender and almost falling off the bone. Remove chicken and keep warm. Strain sauce through a fine sieve. Season sauce with lime zest, salt and white pepper. Warm chicken in sauce. Blanch carrots and leeks in 1 cup water with 1 tablespoon butter, salt and pepper. Serve with rice and stewed tomatoes.nIn a large pot of boiling water, immerse tomatoes for about 30 to 45 seconds, or until skin easily pulls away. Transfer tomatoes to salted ice bath. Peel and seed tomatoes, quarter, or cut into thick slices over a sieve set in a bowl to catch juices.nTo a small 2quart sauce pan, add butter, onions, tomatoes, and reserved juice. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, loosely cover pan, and simmer approximately 1 hour. Uncover pan, stirring constantly, raise heat until juices thicken, stirring so it doesnt burn and add fresh thyme leaves., ingredients: [1 3 to 3 12 pound chicken cut into 8 pieces, 1 12 cups thinly sliced onions, 6 cloves garlic, halved, 1 cup celery ribs, thinly sliced, 1 cup carrots, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh lime juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 fresh hot chile pepper habenero, quartered, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 lime, zested, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 cups carrots, julienned, 2 cups leeks, julienned, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, Stewed tomatoes, recipe follows, 8 ripe plum tomatoes or 4 beefsteak tomatoes, cored and scored, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup minced onion, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoons fresh thyme], title: Yassa Chicken with Stewed Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 58258: {instructions: Place the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl and place over a saucepan containing barely simmering water or use a double boiler. Melt the chocolate and butter together and stir with a wooden spoon until smooth. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Add the egg yolks to the chocolate, 1 by 1, beating with a whisk until incorporated. Set aside.nIn another bowl, beat the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and continue to beat. Gradually whisk in 14 cup sugar and continue beating until stiff peaks form.nBeat heavy cream in a chilled bowl until it begins to foam and thicken up. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and vanilla. Continue to whip the cream until it holds soft peaks.nGradually and gently fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture to lighten it. Then, delicately fold in the whipped cream. Take care not over work the mousse. Divide mousse into 4 individual glasses. Cover and chill for several hours. Garnish with whipped cream and chocolate shavings before serving., ingredients: [6 ounces semisweet baking chocolate, chopped, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, cold, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Whipped cream and chocolate shavings, for garnish], title: French Chocolate Mousse, picturelink: null}, 58259: {instructions: Bring the veal to room temperature.nHeat a Dutch oven or large pot over mediumhigh heat with the EVOO. Pat dry the veal with paper towels, and add to the pot. Caramelize, brown and crumble the veal. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, the allspice and a few grates of nutmeg. Next add the garlic, carrots, onions, sage and thyme. Cook, partially covered, 8 to 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomato paste and stir until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the stock, milk, wine and gorgonzola. Reduce the heat and simmer at a low bubble for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Cool and store in the refrigerator for a makeahead meal.nTo serve, heat the ragu over medium heat while you bring a large pot of water to boil for the pasta. Salt the water and cook the pasta to al dente, reserving 1 cup of the starchy cooking water before draining. Toss the pasta with the water and half of the sauce. Serve in shallow bowls, topped with the remaining ragu. Pass the grated cheese at the table., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground veal, 2 tablespoons EVOO, Salt and pepper, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Freshly grated nutmeg, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 cup whole milk or light cream, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 ounces gorgonzola dolce cheese, 1 to 1 12 pounds pappardelle or rigatoni 6 to 8 portions, Freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, for passing], title: Veal Ragu with Gorgonzola, picturelink: null}, 58260: {instructions: Special equipment: stand mixer, 8 12 by 4 12inch glass loaf pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nButter and lightly flour the loaf pan.nIn a food processor, add 1 12 cups of the pistachios and pulse until finely ground. Remove them to a large bowl and mix in the flour, poppy seeds, baking powder and 12 teaspoon of salt.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the 3 tablespoons of butter and the sugar on medium speed for 2 minutes. Add the egg and continue to beat until the mixture turns pale yellow and ribbons form. Mix in the milk and the zest until incorporated. Gently stir the mixture into the dry ingredients to combine.nPour into the loaf pan and smooth the top. Dot with the remaining 14 cup of whole pistachios and sprinkle with a pinch of sea salt. Bake until lightly golden and toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 1 hour 10 minutes. Remove the bread from the pan and cool on a wire rack, about 10 minutes. Slice and serve warm or at room temperature with creamed honey., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, room temperature, plus extra for loaf pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for loaf pan, 1 34 cups whole shelled unsalted pistachios, 14 cup poppy seeds, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, plus pinch sea salt, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg, 34 cup whole milk, 12 orange, zested, Creamed honey, for serving], title: Pistachio Poppy Bread, picturelink: s538nxSWENlgaS.tglPhG71YyVwkhT2}, 58261: {instructions: For the marinade: In a large bowl, mix together the marinade ingredients. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Marinate at least 30 minutes, or in the refrigerator up to overnight.nWhen youre ready to make the curry, warm the sauce in a large skillet over medium heat.nMeanwhile, fire up your grill. When it is nice and hot, lightly brush it with oil. Place the chicken on the grill, shaking off some of the excess marinade. Cook until its charred, about 2 minutes on each side. Dont worry that the chicken will still be a little uncooked, it finishes cooking in the sauce.nWhen chicken is ready, bring sauce to a boil. Add the chicken, take the heat down to a simmer and cook for about 10 minutes. Garnish with minced fresh cilantro, and serve over rice, with naan, or a crusty piece of bread, ingredients: [Marinade:, 1 cup plain yogurt, whisked until smooth, 3 tablespoons GingerGarlic Paste, recipe follows or 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger and 3 cloves garlic put through a garlic press or finely minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, , 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, poked with a fork, and cut into large bitesized chunks, Oil, for grilling, 1 jar Pataksu00ae Tikka Masala Sauce, Minced fresh cilantro, for garnish, Cooked rice, naan, or crusty piece of bread, for serving], title: Chicken Tikka Masala, picturelink: null}, 58262: {instructions: LINE 9inch pie plate with foil.nCOMBINE peanut butter, 2 tablespoons shortening, graham cracker crumbs and powdered sugar. Mix well. Mixture will be stiff.nMELT chocolate chips and 2 tablespoons shortening in small saucepan over very low heat, stirring constantly or microwave in microwavesafe bowl for 30 seconds. Stir and repeat until smooth. Pour half the melted chocolate mixture into prepared pie plate. Spread chocolate about 12inch up sides. Place in freezer for 10 minutes or until set.nREMOVE from freezer. Spread peanut butter mixture over chilled chocolate layer. Pour remaining melted chocolate over peanut butter layer, spreading to edges. Place in freezer or refrigerator until set. Cut into bitesize pieces. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [12 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter, 4 tbsps. Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, divided, or 4 tbsps. Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, divided, 34 cup graham cracker crumbs, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 cup milk chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Bites, picturelink: tVBp1Uo0gVt.cpW.iM0apkuUbAAx7a}, 58263: {instructions: To make the Marinade: Zest the lemon with a fine grater, taking care to only remove the yellow peelu00bfthe white pith beneath it is bitter. Use the lemon juice for cocktails, or splash a bit into the marinade if you really love citrus. Mix all the marinade ingredients together.nTo make the Stuffing: Mix the stuffing ingredients together.nTo prepare the Lamb: Cut the rack in 12 crosswise so that each piece contains 4 chops. Insert a long, skinny knife into 1 end of the meat and push it through until the tip emerges from the other end. Then, remove the knife and use the handle of a wooden spoon to ream out a 12inch hole, forming a tube through the 4 chops. With your fingers, press half the stuffing into the rack, making sure its distributed evenly. Repeat with the other half of lamb.nPlace the lamb in a zipper baggie, spoon the marinade onto the meat, and rub it in a little bit. Marinate for at least 1 hour, preferably 4 hours.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nRoast the chops for 25 minutes for medium rare, or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the meat registers 135 degrees F. Let the meat rest for 10 minutes during which they continue cooking, and the juices run back to the center. Slice into individual chops, if you like, fan across the plate, garnish with a rosemary sprig, and serve., ingredients: [12 lemon, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped rosemary leaves, plus sprigs for garnish, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon fresh cracked pepper, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup sundried tomatoes packed in oil, chopped, 14 cup kalamata olives, pitted and coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 12 teaspoon freshly cracked pepper, 1 rack of lamb about 8 chops], title: Stuffed Rack of Lamb for Two, picturelink: vHqfiIij7StWSrfaqEpKKXUDPL5p8q}, 58264: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor to combine. Add onequarter of the butter process until it disappears into the flour, about 30 seconds. Add the remaining butter and pulse until the mixture looks like cornmeal with beansize bits of butter. Combine the water and vodka and drizzle over the flour mixture. Pulse until the dough just starts coming together but stop before it gathers into a ball. Divide evenly between 2 pieces of plastic wrap and gently pat each into a disk, using the plastic wrap to help you. If the dough seems dry with large bits of butter, turn it out onto a work surface and use the heel of your hand to press the dough together. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nMake the filling: Peel and thinly slice the apples toss in a bowl with the lemon juice. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add the apples and cook, tossing occasionally, until juicy, about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat fold in the cherries, flour, extract and allspice. Transfer to a bowl and let cool completely, about 30 minutes.nRoll out 1 disk of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate refrigerate until ready to fill. Place a piece of parchment paper on an inverted baking sheet. Roll out the remaining disk of dough into a 12inch round, transfer to the parchment and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nTransfer the dough on the parchment to a work surface. Using a fluted pastry wheel or a chefs knife, cut the dough into 14 to 16 halfinchwide strips. Weave into a lattice on the parchment. Slide back onto the baking sheet and refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes.nPour the filling into the crust. Gently slide the lattice off the parchment and onto the fruit, adjusting as needed trim the excess dough if needed, leaving a 1inch overhang. Fold the overhanging dough under itself. Brush the lattice with the beaten egg and sprinkle with coarse sugar. Refrigerate the pie 30 minutes.nPosition a rack in the lowest position of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Place the pie on a foillined baking sheet and bake until the crust is deep golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 1 12 hours. Transfer to a rack and let cool at least 2 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 3 tablespoons ice water, 3 tablespoons cold vodka, 3 pounds assorted apples such as Cortland, Granny Smith and McIntosh, Juice of 1 lemon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup jarred cherries in syrup or whole cherry jam, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon pure almond or vanilla extract, Pinch of allspice, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, Coarse sugar, for sprinkling], title: AppleCherry Lattice Pie, picturelink: .XdKcLJdrghiwtURx6Du9dspSljGxfO}, 58265: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Position top rack in the center of the oven. Place a baking pan on the rack below this. Boil water.nMake crust: Mix the crumbs and salt together in a small bowl, then add butter and stir to mix. Set aside 14cup for topping. Press the rest into the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan.nTurn on kitchen or stove exhaust fan. Skewer and roast the habaneros over an open flame gas burner is fine and set them to steam under a towel. When they are cool enough to handle, put on plastic gloves if desired. Peel and deseed habaneros, then pound in a mortar with the 2 tablespoons of sugar until a coarse paste results.nCream the cream cheese, then add remaining sugar and salt. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time until incorporated. Add the cream and blend. Beat the zest and lime juice into this mixture. Add the habanero paste last and beat until well mixed. Pour into the crust, then gently tap the pan to level the filling. Sprinkle the reserved crumbs on top.nPour boiling water into the pan on the ovens lower rack. Place the cheesecake on the rack above it. Bake for approximately 1 hour or until the cheesecake pulls away from the edge of the pan. Remove from the oven and allow to set for 20 minutes. Wrap and keep in the refrigerator overnight, or if rushed, place in the freezer for 2 to 3 hours.nGarnish, if desired, with slices of lime and place a whole habanero in the center., ingredients: [1 12 cups wheatmeal biscuits or about 26 graham cracker squares ground to crumbs, Pinch salt, 13 cup melted butter, 3 habanero peppers, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 1 cup, 24 ounces cream cheese, Pinch of salt, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 lime, zested, 1 very juicy or 2 less juicy limes, juiced, 1 lime sliced thinly, for garnish, 1whole habenero, for garnish], title: Habanero Lime Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 58266: {instructions: In a large stock pot fry andouille and tasso in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil until browned. Remove meats and set aside. Add 1 cup vegetable oil and allow to heat. Whisk in flour and cook until a chocolate color is reached. Add onion, celery, garlic and bell pepper to roux and cook 15 to 20 minutes. Add chicken, reserved sausages, stock, tomatoes, Worcestershire sauce, bay leaves, and kitchen bouquet and simmer for 45 minutes.nWhile gumbo is simmering, heat 2 tablespoons oil in a large fry pan. Add okra and cook on medium heat until no longer stringy. After 45 minutes of gumbo simmering, add okra, green onion, parsley and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer 20 more minutes. Serve with rice and allow people to add hot sauce and file, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound andouille sausage, chopped, 1 pound tasso, chopped, 1 cup vegetable oil plus 4 tablespoons, for sauteing, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, One 3pound chicken, boiled and shredded, 8 cups homemade chicken stock, One 14ounce can stewed tomatoes, pureed, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 bay leaves, 2 teaspoons kitchen bouquet, One 16ounce bag frozen, sliced okra, 12 bunch green onions, sliced, 12 bunch flat leaf parsley leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Steamed white rice, Hot sauce, File powder], title: Chicken, Tasso and Andouille Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 58267: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the cream cheese in a large bowl. Finely chop the dill and parsley and add to the cream cheese with a pinch of chile powder. Season with salt and pepper, and thoroughly mix the ingredients to evenly distribute and combine the flavors.nSlice 4 rounds from the center of the tomato, each about 14 inch thick. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.nSet a skillet over medium heat and add a little oil. Cook the pork roll slices until lightly browned on each side, about 5 minutes. Set aside.nWhisk the eggs in a bowl and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Put a nonstick skillet on medium heat and add the butter. Add the eggs and cook until scrambled, stirring occasionally, about 5 minutes.nSpread about 1 12 tablespoons of the herb cream cheese on each bagel half. Place 2 slices of the meat on the bottom half of each bagel and top with scrambled eggs and sliced tomato. Place the top half of each bagel on the sandwiches and serve., ingredients: [34 cup cream cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh dill, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, Pinch chile powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large Jersey tomato beefsteak, Vegetable oil, for oiling skillet, 8 slices Jersey pork roll, such as Taylor Ham see Cooks Note, 8 eggs, 1 tablespoon butter, 4 bagels, split], title: Jersey Ham, Egg, Bagel and Herb Cream Cheese Breakfast Sandwich, picturelink: jZ6560CNuOGOIBHS0ZvWyGrXIXW2C.a}, 58268: {instructions: Mix all ingredients and adjust taste with more of whichever liquid you want. The cream and eggs will add richness and of course, more alcohol means a heavier punch. Store liquid in a large glass soda bottle with a pop off cap, one in which you can recap and lock.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [1 can coconut milk coco lopez, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 cup milk or heavy cream your preference, 6 eggs, beaten slightly, 1 cup white rum], title: Coquito, picturelink: null}, 58269: {instructions: Into 4 tall Collins glasses, add 1 tablespoon maple syrup, about 10 mint leaves, 3 to 4 lime wedges and 2 lychees. Just before your guests arrive, muddle together to bring out the flavors.nWhen your guests arrive, fill each glass with crushed ice, 1 tablespoon lychee liqueur and 2 tablespoons rum. Then fill the glasses the rest of the way with club soda, garnish with a sprig of mint and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons goodquality grade A maple syrup, 1 bunch fresh mint, 2 limes, cut into eighths, 8 lychees, canned, Crushed ice, 4 tablespoons lychee liqueur, 8 tablespoons Cuban gold rum, Club soda], title: Lychee Mojito, picturelink: null}, 58270: {instructions: Bring the beer, cardamom and orange zest to a gentle boil in a saucepan over medium heat cook, stirring, until reduced to 1 cup, about 10 minutes. Add the butter and brown sugar and cook, stirring only if the mixture looks like it might boil over, until thick and syrupy, 10 to 12 minutes. To test for doneness, drop a bit of caramel into a bowl of cold water. It should form a soft ball if it doesnt, keep cooking.nSlowly stir in the cream and cook until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla and salt. Remove the cardamom and orange zest with a spoon. Let the caramel cool slightly, then transfer to a small jar. Refrigerate for up to 2 weeks.nPhotograph by Lisa Shin, ingredients: [1 12ounce bottle beer, 4 cardamom pods, Zest of 12 orange, in large strips, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 cups packed dark brown sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of sea salt], title: BeerOrange Caramel Sauce, picturelink: ll0KXYVHxnEiXIHbA169Sme3UUeAr.}, 58271: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.nDrizzle 1 teaspoon of the olive oil over each head of garlic and then wrap in aluminum foil. Place on a cookie sheet and bake 1 hour 15 minutes, or until soft throughout. Set aside to cool.nReduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees.nWhen the garlic is cool enough to handle, slice each head in half across the width and squeeze the roasted garlic paste into a bowl, discarding the skins.nLay the tortillas out on a counter and, with a spatula, spread a thin, even layer of garlic paste over the entire surface of each one. Divide the carnitas in thirds and spread over the bottom half of each tortilla. Sprinkle with the cheese. Fold over the top half to enclose the filling. Brush the top sides with the remaining 2 teaspoons of oil.nHeat a griddle or dry cast iron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Place a stuffed tortilla, oiled side down, in the pan and toast about a minute on each side, just to heat through. Keep warm on a tray in the oven while finishing the rest. Cut into wedges and serve immediately with the Green Chile Paste., ingredients: [1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 large heads garlic, 3 flour tortillas, recipe follows, 1 cup carnitas, recipe follows, slightly warmed, or at room temperature, 6 tablespoons grated Anejo cheese, Green Chile Paste, recipe follows], title: Roasted Garlic and Carnitas Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 58272: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine equal parts cranberry juice and pear juice and top off with sparkling water. Serve over ice., ingredients: [cranberry juice, pear juice, sparkling water, ice], title: Cranberry and Pear Cocktails, picturelink: null}, 58273: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nLine a 10inch circular springform cake pan with parchment paper.nCombine the potato starch, cocoa powder, and flour in a small bowl. Set aside.nMelt the chocolate chips, halfandhalf together in a double boiler. If you dont have a double boiler, then bring a pot of water to a simmer, turn the heat off, and melt the chocolate and halfandhalf in a bowl set over the hot water, being careful not to get any water into the mixture. Add the brandy, stir to combine, and set aside.nMake a meringue by combining 12 cup sugar with 14 cup water in a heavybottomed pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, and then continue cooking until the syrup reaches 240 degrees F. With the wire whip attachment, whip the egg whites in an electric mixer until they form stiff peaks. Pour the hot syrup over the meringue with the mixer running. Continue whipping until cool, and then set aside.nScrape the seeds of the vanilla bean into a large bowl. Alternatively, you may substitute 1 teaspoon vanilla extract for the vanilla bean, but the flavor will not be as spectacular. Add the egg yolks and 13 cup sugar to the bowl and whisk until the ingredients have developed some body. Add the melted chocolate mixture and blend. Add the potato starch mixture, and stir until just combined. Fold in 13 of the meringue with a rubber spatula, and then fold in remaining meringue. Pour batter into the prepared pan, and bake for 40 minutes, or until the top of the cake has crusted, it does not jiggle, and the cake sticks to a toothpick when inserted in the center of the cake. Let cake cool completely on a wire rack.nPulse the almonds in a food processor until they form large crumbles. Leave the ground almonds in the food processor.nBring heavy cream to a simmer in a double boiler or in a heavy saucepan over medium heat. Melt the sugar in a copper pot, and then slowly drizzle in the cream, stirring with wooden spoon. Continue stirring, as the mixture will bubble rapidly. When the cream and sugar are combined, pour into the food processor through the feed tube while it is running. Stop processing when the mixture forms a ball.nUsing hands well dusted with confectioners sugar, roll almond mixture into a ball, and place it between 2 sheets of dusted parchment paper. With a rolling pin, and using a very gentle motion, roll from the center in a direction away from you until you have a disk about 10 inches in diameter.nRemove 1 layer of parchment paper, invert the cooled cake, remove the other layer of parchment paper, place it onto a cake board, flip over the cake, and remove the parchment from the top of the cake. Dust the sides of the cake with powdered sugar., ingredients: [1 teaspoon potato starch, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder extra brut preferred, 22 percent fat, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 10 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 13 cup halfandhalf, 2 tablespoons brandy, 12 cup sugar, plus 13 cup, 14 cup water, 7 egg whites, 1 vanilla bean, split in 12 lengthwise, 4 egg yolks, Caramel Crust, recipe follows, 1 cup blanched sliced almonds, pulsed in a food processor to form large crumbles, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 6 tablespoons sugar, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Sarahs Secret Flat Chocolate Tort, picturelink: null}, 58274: {instructions: In a serving bowl, whisk together the sour cream, mustard, parsley, bacon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Add the potato, shrimp, and celery. Toss everything together until it is all coated with the dressing and serve.nPut the potatoes into a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and add a generous pinch of salt. Cook for 8 minutes so they are tender but still slightly firm. Strain and let them cool. When they are cool, cut them in half and carefully scoop out the insides using a teaspoon or melon baller to form a cup.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the potato cups into a large bowl, add the oil, rosemary and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Carefully toss the potato cups to coat them with the oil. Arrange the potatoes, cut side up, on a baking sheet and bake until the cups are browned and crisp, about 15 to 20 minutes.nWhile the potatoes are baking, put the bacon into a cold skillet and cook over medium heat until crisp. Drain the bacon well on a baking sheet lined with a brown paper bag. Reserve 2 pieces of bacon for Round 2 Recipe Shrimp and Potato Salad with Sour Cream and Bacon Dressing. Chop the remaining 6 pieces.nIn a bowl stir together the sour cream, mustard, 1 tablespoon chives, the chopped bacon, and salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the potatoes onto a serving plate and fill each with a spoonful of the sour cream and bacon mixture. Garnish with the remaining chives and serve immediately.nPeel the length of each cucumber to form alternating stripes of unpeeled and peeled. Cut the cucumbers into 12 34inch pieces. Scoop out the center using a teaspoon or a melon baller, leaving the bottom and sides intact to form a cup. Reserve the centers for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa. Turn them upside down onto a towel and let them drain while you make the filling.nBring a medium pot of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the shrimp and cook until bright pink, about 3 to 4 minutes. Strain and rinse in cold water. Remove the shells and discard. Reserve 12 shrimp for the Round 2 Recipe Shrimp and Potato Salad with Sour Cream and Bacon Dressing.nChop the shrimp into small pieces and put them into a bowl. Add the horseradish, lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste, half the can of tomatoes reserve the remaining half for the Round 2 Recipe Chicken Tacos with Cucumber Salsa and 1 tablespoon of parsley. Evenly divide the shrimp mixture between the cucumber cups. Arrange them on a serving platter and garnish with remaining parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, Reserved 2 pieces of bacon from Crispy Baby Potato Bites with Sour Cream and Bacon recipe, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Reserved potatoes from Crispy Baby Potato Bites with Sour Cream and Bacon recipe, Reserved shrimp from Shrimp Stuffed Cucumber Cups, chopped, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 12 pounds baby potatoes, Kosher salt, 14 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons chopped rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 8 strips bacon, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, divided, 2 standard cucumbers, 34 pound medium shrimp, thawed, deveined and shells on, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 15ounce can chopped tomatoes, drained, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, divided], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Potato and Shrimp Salad with Sour Cream and Bacon Dressing, picturelink: null}, 58275: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine flour, cornmeal, baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Set aside.nIn a separate smaller bowl, whisk together milk, butter, egg whites, jalapeno and jalapeno juice. Pour wet ingredients over dry and using a fork, stir until just combined. Do not over mix. Spread batter evenly into 2 nonstick 9inch round cake pans and bake 20 to 25 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cut into triangles and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup flour, 1 cup cornmeal, 112 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup nonfat milk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 3 tablespoons pickled jalapeno, chopped, 2 tablespoons pickled jalapeno juice], title: Quick Jalapeno Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 58276: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine evaporated milk and pumpkin pie filling. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Add oats cook and stir for 1 minute or until thickened. Stir in 2 tablespoons of the pecans. Top each serving with some of the remaining 1 tablespoon pecans., ingredients: [1 can 12ounce fatfree evaporated milk, CarnationR, 12 cup pumpkin pie filling, LibbysR, 1 14 cups quickcooking oats, QuakerR, 3 tablespoons chopped pecans, PlantersR], title: Pumpkin Pie Oatmeal, picturelink: null}, 58277: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In large bowl, combine ricotta cheese, 14 cup Parmesan cheese, eggs, salt and pepper set aside.nSpread 1 cup Sauce in 13 x 9inch baking dish. Layer 4 lasagna noodles, then 1 cup sauce and 12 of the ricotta mixture. Top with 13 of the mozzarella cheese repeat. Top with remaining 4 noodles, then 1 cup sauce and remaining 14 cup Parmesan cheese.nCover with aluminum foil and bake 1 hour. Remove foil and top with remaining mozzarella cheese. Bake an additional 10 minutes or until bubbling. Let stand 10 minutes before serving. Garnish, if desired, with fresh basil leaves. Serve with remaining sauce, heated.nCost per recipe: 20.85.nCost per serving: 2.61nBased on average retail prices at national supermarkets., ingredients: [2 containers 15 oz. ea. ricotta cheese, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, divided, 2 eggs, 12 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. ground black pepper, 2 jars Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce, 12 lasagna noodles, cooked and drained, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella cheese, thinly sliced], title: Bertolli Lasagna, picturelink: DZhHtabo0QooqN5V3it7GlW5U9yCcZC}, 58278: {instructions: Skin ribs by peeling the skin of the back side. Place ribs in a large pot big enough to submerge them. Add 1 gallon water, the liquid smoke, 18 cup BBQ seasoning, mesquite butter, and salt. Bring to a boil and boil for 45 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove ribs from pot and place ribs face up in oven, uncovered. Sprinkle remaining 18 cup BBQ seasoning over the ribs. Cook for 45 minutes or until tender. Let rest for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 racks loin back or baby back ribs 2 and down, 2 tablespoons liquid smoke, 14 cup BBQ seasoning, divided, 1 tablespoon mesquite butter, 1 teaspoon salt], title: BBQ Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 58279: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the banana, sugar and walnuts. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the edges of each won ton wrapper. Put about a teaspoon of the chocolatehazelnut spread in the center of each wrapper and top with 1 to 2 teaspoons of the banana mixture. Fold 1 corner of each won ton wrapper diagonally over the filling to form a triangle. Press the edges together to seal and refrigerate for 15 minutes.nFill a large heavybottomed saucepan with about 34inch oil. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 2 minutes. Fry the ravioli, 2 or 3 at a time, turning occasionally, until golden, about 60 to 70 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Cool for 2 minutes and serve warm., ingredients: [1 medium banana, peeled and cut into 14inch pieces to yield about 34 cup, 14 packed cup light brown sugar, 13 cup finely chopped walnuts, 16 won ton wrappers, 1 egg, beaten, 13 cup chocolatehazelnut spread recommended: Nutella or creamy peanut butter, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: Fried Chocolate and Banana Ravioli, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 58280: {instructions: For the sweet potato biscuits: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, salt, baking soda and cayenne. Using a pastry cutter or your hands, cut in the chilled butter until the mixture resembles coarse meal.nStir together the sweet potato and buttermilk in a separate bowl until smooth. Make a well in the dry ingredients and pour in the sweet potato mixture. Add the raisins and combine until it just comes together. Be very careful to not over mix.nTurn the dough onto a floured surface and knead until it comes together. If the dough is too sticky, work in up to 14 cup additional flour. Shape into a disk and pat to an even 1 to 1 12inch thickness. With a floured 3inch round biscuit cutter, cut out biscuits. Gather together scraps, and repeat to cut out more biscuits.nButter a baking sheet and place each biscuit 12 inch apart. Brush with melted butter and bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes.nReduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nFor the peppered pork loin: In a small bowl, stir together the sorghum, salt, black pepper, crushed red pepper and oil. Trim the pork loin of any excess fat, and transfer to a shallow roasting pan or my favorite, a castiron skillet. Rub the pork loin with sorghum and spice mixture, coating evenly. Roast until the internal temperature is 140 degrees F, about 45 minutes. Remove from oven and let rest for 10 minutes.nFor the apple mustard butter: Place the apple chunks in a large, heavybottomed pot over low heat. Cook, uncovered, for 1 12 hours, stirring occasionally. Add the brown sugar, cinnamon and allspice. Continue cooking over low heat, stirring occasionally, until very thick, about 30 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the mustard. Or if using applesauce, place in a heavy bottomed pot with the sugar and spices and cook until it is thick, 30 minutes or so.nFor the salad: Toss the arugula, tomatoes and sunflowers seeds in a large bowl. Drizzle with lemon juice and olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Top with the shaved cheese.nTo serve: Split the sweet potato biscuits and spread the apple mustard butter on both sides. Thinly slice the pork loin and place on each of the bottom biscuits. Top with the other biscuit halves and serve with salad on the side.nRecipe courtesy of Damaris Phillips, ingredients: [1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra if needed, 2 tablespoons brown sugar or honey, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 tablespoons chilled unsalted butter, diced, plus extra melted to brush biscuits, 34 cup mashed sweet potato, cold, 13 cup buttermilk, 14 cup golden raisins, 2 tablespoon sorghum or molasses, 2 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, One 4pound pork loin, 1 pound peeled and cored apples, cut into 12inch chunks, or 12 ounces unsweetened applesauce, 4 ounces light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 2 bunches arugula, 1 pint grape tomatoes or baby heirlooms, 14 cup sunflower seeds, 2 lemons, juiced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces shaved Parmesan], title: Sweet Potato Biscuits with Peppered Pork Loin, Apple Mustard Butter and Salad, picturelink: Nrz9yau7x5YH5ypLK8IA9bhujbHH9q.}, 58281: {instructions: Sprinkle the roast liberally with salt about 3 tablespoons, and refrigerate at least 3 hours or up to overnight. Pull the meat out an hour before cooking to take the chill off of it. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large Dutch oven over medium heat, render the pancetta until slightly crispy. Remove and reserve. Dry off the meat with a paper towel and begin to brown it in the same pan over mediumhigh heat for 2 minutes per side remove and reserve.nReduce the heat to medium, add the shallots, carrots, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt and sweat until slightly caramelized and the vegetables start to release their aromas, about 4 minutes. Add the coriander, thyme and bay leaves, and continue to sweat for 1 minute.nDeglaze the pan with the cider, scraping the bottom with a wooden spoon to get all of the caramelized bits into the sauce.nAdd the beer and bring to a simmer. Add the beef back in along with the pancetta. The liquid should be about threequarters of the way up the meat. Baste the meat with the liquid, top with a lid and place in the oven until tender, basting every hour, for 3 to 4 hours.nSkim off any excess fat and gently remove the meat to a platter. Spoon the vegetables on top and garnish with the torn mint and lemon zest., ingredients: [One 5pound chuck blade roast, silver skin removed, Salt, 1 pound slab pancetta, large dice, 10 shallots, peeled and left whole, 8 carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 2 tablespoons coriander seeds, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 fresh bay leaves dry are o.k. too, 2 cups apple cider, 48 ounces beer preferably porter or IPA, 1 cup fresh mint leaves, torn, 2 lemons, zest only], title: Pot Roast with Carrots, Shallots, Mint and Lemon, picturelink: null}, 58282: {instructions: In a blender, puree can of peaches with juice. Pour 1 part pureed peaches into each Champagne flute, and then add 2 parts Champagne to each flute., ingredients: [1 14ounce can peaches, 1 bottle chilled Brut Champagne], title: Bellini, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 58283: {instructions: Whip cream and sugar until stiff peaks form. Fold in softened gelatin, coconut milk, lime juice, and grenadine. Cool in refrigerator for 3 hours.nCut each rice leaf sheet into 3 pieces. In a large heavybottomed skillet, pour enough oil so that the rice leaves will float. Heat over mediumhigh heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. Deepfry rice leaves until crisp about 1 minute. Drain on paper towels and dust with powdered sugar while still warm.nStart with 1 scoop of mousse in center of cold plate. Top with 1 fried rice leaf. Add another scoop of mousse and top with another rice leaf. Top with a third scoop of mousse and final rice leaf. Drizzle raspberry coulis over and around the stack. Garnish with a lime twist.nMix ingredients in blender and then press through fine sieve. Let cool in refrigerator., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 ounces sugar, 1 sheet gelatin, softened in cold water, 2 ounces coconut milk recommended: Coco Lopez, 1 fresh Key lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon grenadine, 4 sheets rice leaves, Vegetable oil, Powdered sugar, Raspberry Coulis, recipe follows, Lime twists, for garnish, 2 pints raspberries, 4 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: Chef Renes Key Lime Stack, picturelink: null}, 58284: {instructions: Begin with the yellow tail snapper take all the bones out inside leaving the head and the tail. Then slit down the center of the fish with a sharp knife. And then inside, put shredded fennel, salt and pepper. Heat the olive oil and sear the snapper. Precook the vegetables. While the fish is searing, add an array of vegetables, the veal glaze and lemon juice. Sear one side, then flip the fish to the other side. Then take the whole pan into a preheated 350 degree oven for about 10 minutes. It should come out nice and brown. Garnish with chives and parsley., ingredients: [1 yellow tail snapper 1.5 pounds, 12ounce shredded fennel, Salt, Fine ground black pepper, Canola oil, 1 12 ounces bias cut fingerling potatoes, 1ounce baby carrots, 1ounce bias cut fennel, 1ounce bias cut celery, 2 baby artichokes, 4 stalks asparagus, 1ounce large diced red onions, 2 ounces rich veal glaze, 12ounce fresh squeezed lemon juice, Chives, Parsley], title: Whole Roasted Snapper, picturelink: null}, 58285: {instructions: Dip the rim of tall glasses into the egg whites, and then the sugar. Put the rum, Triple Sec, and juices into a cocktail shaker. Shake to mix. Fill the glasses with the ice and pour the cocktail over it. Decorate with cherries, pineapple, andor orange slices, and drink with a straw., ingredients: [1 egg white, lightly beaten, Sugar, 12 cup white rum, 14 cup Triple Sec, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Crushed ice, Cocktail cherries, Pineapple cubes, Orange slices], title: Mai Tai, picturelink: KzlBQ.MHAPb2IdRtcEkJ5VfMyCQr902}, 58286: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 wooden skewers, soaked in water for an hournFor the marinade: Mix together the yogurt, ginger, garlic, cardamom, flour, garam masala, cumin, chile powder, salt, to taste, lemon juice, and oil in a bowl.nFor the skewers: Add the paneer, onion, and peppers to the marinade. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and allow the paneer and vegetables to marinate for 30 to 40 minutes, or longer in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F and oil a baking sheet.nThread the vegetables and paneer alternately onto the skewers and place on the baking sheet. Bake the skewers in the oven for 7 minutes, drizzle over the melted butter, turn and cook for another 5 to 7 minutes, or until charred at the edges.nSprinkle the skewers with chaat masala, and serve. The paneer skewers are also great served with green chutney., ingredients: [4 12 ounces Greekstyle yogurt, Small knob fresh ginger, peeled, and roughly chopped, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, peeled, and finely chopped, 6 green cardamom pods, pods removed and seeds ground, 1 tablespoon gram flour chickpea flour, 1 teaspoon garam masala, 1 teaspoon cumin powder, 12 teaspoon chile powder, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 10 12 ounces paneer, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 large onion, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 green and 1 red capsicum pepper, cored, and cut into 1inch cubes, Oil, for greasing, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, for drizzling, Chaat masala, to sprinkle], title: Paneer and Vegetable Skewers, picturelink: null}, 58287: {instructions: Make the roux: Heat 2 cups vegetable oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat until hot, about 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, then whisk in the flour in 2 additions until the mixture is the consistency of cake batter. Continue cooking, whisking constantly, until the roux is dark brown, about 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, then stir in half each of the onion and bell peppers. Set aside until ready to use.nCombine the whole chicken, 10 cups water, the red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a large pot. Bring to a boil and cook 1 hour. Strain the broth, then return to the pot and set aside. Remove the chicken skin and bones, then cut the meat into bitesize pieces.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add the chicken sausage and cook, turning, until cooked through, 6 to 8 minutes. Let cool slightly, then slice.nAdd 16 cups water to the pot with the broth and bring to a boil. Add the roux cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until it dissolves, about 5 minutes. Stir in the remaining onion and bell peppers. Return to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium, cover and cook, 1 hour. Add the andouille sausage and raw chicken breasts, reduce the heat to medium low and cook, covered, 30 more minutes. Add the smoked turkey, sliced chicken sausage, cooked chicken pieces and scallions and simmer, covered, 30 minutes. Skim the fat off the surface, then stir in the Cajun seasoning. Serve over rice.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 cups plus 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 large green bell peppers, chopped, 1 3 12pound chicken, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 pounds fresh chicken sausage, 1 pound andouille sausage, thinly sliced, 34 pound skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into pieces, 1 14 pounds smoked turkey thigh, skin and bones removed, cut into pieces, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 14 cup Cajun seasoning, Cooked white rice, for serving optional], title: Melange Gumbo, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 58288: {instructions: Special equipment: a mandoline or other manual slicer, 4 pieces parchment paper, kitchen stringnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHalve fennel bulb lengthwise. Remove most of core, leaving enough intact to keep layers together when sliced.nUsing manual slicer, cut fennel bulb lengthwise, carrots diagonally, and potatoes into 18inchthick slices, keeping vegetables separate.nBlanch vegetables, separately, in salted boiling water: fennel 2 minutes, carrots 1 minute, potatoes 2 minutes. Transfer fennel and carrots with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice water then drain well. Drain potatoes.nToss fennel and carrots with olives, zest, thyme, half of garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste.nToss potatoes with remaining oil and garlic and salt and pepper, to taste.nFold the parchment paper in half along the longest side. Divide potato mixture among centers of parchment squares. Season salmon with salt and pepper and place on top of potatoes, then top salmon the fennel mixture. Add a pat of butter to the package and a squeeze of lemon juice.nFold the parchment paper up over fennel mixture and crimp the edges. Place packages directly on hot baking sheet in oven and cook 20 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 small fennel bulb, stalks discarded, 3 medium carrots 12 pound, 12 pound small red potatoes, 12 cup Kalamata olives, slivered, 2 teaspoons finely grated fresh lemon zest, 4 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 1 12pound piece centercut salmon fillet, skinned and fish cut into 4 square pieces, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, quartered evenly, 1 lemon, juiced], title: Salmon Papillotes with Fennel, Potatoes, and Olives, picturelink: null}, 58289: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nCut the chops in 12 and trim off some of the excess fat. Set aside. Render down the fat on a gentle heat in a heavy pan discard the rendereddown pieces.nPeel the onions and scrape or thinly peel the carrots if they are young you could leave some of the green stalk on the onion and carrot. Cut the carrots into large chunks, or if they are young leave them whole. If the onions are large, cut them small, if they are small they are best left whole.nToss the meat in the hot fat in a saucepan until it is slightly brown. Transfer the meat into a casserole, then quickly toss the onions and carrots in the fat. Build the meat, carrots and onions up in layers in the casserole, carefully season each layer with freshly ground pepper and salt. Deglaze the pan with lamb stock and pour it into the casserole. Peel the potatoes and lay them on top of the casserole, so they will steam while the stew cooks. Season the potatoes. Add a sprig of thyme, bring to a boil on top of the stove, cover and transfer to a moderate oven or allow to simmer on top of the stove until the stew is cooked, 1 to 1 12 hours.nWhen the stew is cooked, pour off the cooking liquid, degrease and reheat in another saucepan. Slightly thicken it with a little roux if you like. Check seasoning, then add chopped parsley and chives and pour it back over the stew. Bring it back up to boiling point and serve from the pot or in a large pottery dish.nMelt the butter and cook the flour in it for 2 minutes on a low heat, stirring occasionally. Use as required. Roux can be stored in a cool place and used as required or it can be made up on the spot if preferred. It will keep 2 weeks in the refrigerator., ingredients: [2 to 3 pounds lamb chops, not less than 1inch thick, 5 medium or 12 baby carrots, 5 medium or 12 baby onions, 8 potatoes, 3 to 3 34 cups stock lamb stock if possible or water, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon roux, optional, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon freshly chopped chives, 1 stick butter, Scant 1 cup flour], title: Ballymaloe Irish Stew, picturelink: null}, 58290: {instructions: Put the vinegar in a 1cup measuring cup and fill the remainder with water. Add the beaten egg to a small bowl and add the vinegar and water and mix together. In a large mixing bowl cut the lard into the flour. Add the liquid and mix together. The less you handle the dough the better the crust will be.nWhen the mixture is totally combined into the dough cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place into the refrigerator until you will be putting the pasties together.nTrim all of the fat from the steak and dice into 12inch cubes. Peel and dice potatoes into 12inch cubes. Peel and dice rutabaga into pieces smaller than the potatoes. Peel and dice carrots into pieces smaller than the potatoes. Place all ingredients into a very large mixing bowl and combine thoroughly with your hands. Be sure to start with clean hands and nails. Add the salt and pepper and mix the ingredients to combine. My mother used enough pepper to turn the entire bowl black before mixing the ingredients.nRoll out the pie crust and place bottom crusts into 2 9inch pie tins. Do not grease the pie tins before adding the crust. Next, fill the pie tin with the meat and vegetable mixture. It should be heaping since the mixture will cook down. Before placing the top crust in place, add a large pat of butter to the top of the pie filling. Remember we cut off all the fat on the meat earlier. Place top pie crust and trim to finish. You can use the fingerandthumb method to finish the crust, like Grandma did, or you can use a fork to finish the crust. Before placing into the oven, cut 2 slits in the crust for steam to leave the pastie while cooking. Also using the egg and a little water, make an egg wash to brush on the crust. This will give the crust a golden, shiny finish.nBake the Pasties in a preheated 350 to 375 degree oven, middle rack for 90 minutes. Watch the crust so that it doesnt get too brown in the cooking process., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vinegar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 pound lard, 6 cups sifted flour, 2 to 3 pounds round steak, 4 medium potatoes, 1 rutabaga, 2 carrots, 1 12 onions, diced, Salt, Pepper, Butter, 1 egg, Water], title: Pastie, picturelink: null}, 58291: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPrepare the barbecue mediumhigh heat. Grill the baguette pieces, cut side down, until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes. Remove and set aside.nCombine the olives, capers, 1 tablespoon of oil, lemon juice, parsley, lemon zest, and anchovy in a food processor. Pulse just until the olives are finely chopped. Season the tapenade with salt and pepper.nDrizzle the tuna with the remaining oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the tuna until golden and seared on the outside, and just opaque in the center, about 2 minutes per side.nStir the mayonnaise and mustard in a small bowl to blend. The tapenade and Dijonmayonnaise can be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover separately and refrigerate. Bring the tapenade to room temperature before using.nSpread the Dijonmayonnaise over the bottom and top halves of the baguette pieces. Top with red peppers and red onion. Cut the tuna steaks across the grain into 12inch thick slices. Arrange the tuna slices atop the onions. Spoon the tapenade over the tuna. Top with the lettuce then the baguette tops, and serve., ingredients: [4 6inch long pieces of baguette bread, halved horizontally, 13 cup pitted green olives, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, 1 tablespoon drained capers, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon fresh Italian parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 anchovy, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 to 14ounce tuna steak, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup purchased roasted bell peppers, drained and sliced into 12inch wide strips, 4 thin slices red onion, 4 romaine lettuce leaves], title: Tuna Burgers with Tapenade, picturelink: zMBlMMIJ1wJb4xn1RuLelyMWYpLNM2y}, 58292: {instructions: WHISK olive oil, vinegar, garlic, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper until blended. Combine marinade with 1 to 1 12 pounds meat, chicken or seafood in 1gallon resealable plastic bag.nMARINATE in refrigerator, turning several times: meat, 1 hour chicken or seafood, 30 minutes. Remove meat, chicken or seafood from marinade. Discard marinade. Grill or cook as desired., ingredients: [23 cup Criscou00ae Pure Olive Oil or 23 cup Criscou00ae Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tsps. minced garlic, 2 12 tsps. Italian seasoning or dried basil leaves, 1 tsp. salt, 12 tsp. fresh ground black pepper], title: Easy Seasoned Marinade, picturelink: null}, 58293: {instructions: Mix the flour, eggs and a pinch of salt in a bowl, then gradually stir in up to 1 cup water to make a smooth, batterlike dough. Beat with a wooden spoon until bubbles form, then stir in the melted butter.nBring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Place about 1 cup of the dough in a colander with large holes use a rubber spatula to push the dough through the holes and into the boiling water. Or use a spaetzle press. Cook for about 1 minute after the spaetzle float to the surface, then transfer with a slotted spoon to another colander. Repeat with the remaining dough. Rinse the spaetzle in cold water if not serving immediately and set aside.nBefore serving, saute the spaetzle in a skillet with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter until warmed through. Season with pepper and garnish with parsley.nPhotograph by Kate Mathis, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 large eggs, Kosher salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 2 tablespoons melted, Freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Homemade Spaetzle, picturelink: EJOoUg3kuAYsr2o.ym9GB5Vbs3HpLr.}, 58294: {instructions: Everyone has to try Chuck Hughes fool proof technique for cooking a mouthwatering, perfect, mediumrare steak.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSprinkle the steak with salt and pepper on each side. In a blazing hot castiron pan on mediumhigh, heat the oil. Sear the steak for 3 minutes on each side. Remove the steak from the stovetop and put it in the oven for 5 minutes., ingredients: [1 2inch NewYork strip loin, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil], title: The Perfect Steak, picturelink: null}, 58295: {instructions: Combine the lemon juice, shallots and peppercorns in a small bowl. Let sit in the fridge for about 1 hour to let the flavors marry.nJust before serving, add the prosecco to the sauce and season with a pinch of salt. Spoon the desired amount of the mignonette sauce over the oysters and top each with a dollop of caviar. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon minced shallot 1 small shallot, 12 teaspoon pink peppercorns, crushed, 2 tablespoons chilled prosecco, Pinch salt, 12 oysters on the half shell, 2 ounces hackleback, paddlefish or tobiko caviar], title: Oysters, Caviar and Bubbles, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 58296: {instructions: Put large pot of water on to boil for penne. Salt boiling water and cook penne to al dente.nIn food processor, combine parsley, pignoli, garlic. Process and stream in about 14 cup evoo. Remove parsley paste to a large serving bowl. Stir in pepper and grated cheese. Add remaining evoo, stir to combine.nHeat a medium pot on stove top over medium low to medium heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, garlic and onion for the tomato basil sauce. Let onions cook with garlic slowly over 15 minutes, be careful not to brown onions  just keep an eye on the hat and stir the onions frequently. After 15 minutes, stir in tomatoes and raise heat to warm tomatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Stir in basil and wilt it into the sauce. Remove sauce from heat. When ready to serve, place sauce in the bottom of a large serving bowl to toss with hot pasta.nIn a second medium pot over medium heat, melt butter. Add flour and cook 1 minute. Whisk in wine, reduce 15 to 20 seconds. Whisk in stock, then cream. Add sage, then pieces of cheese. Stir until cheese melts into sauce. Simmer over low heat until ready to serve. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace 13 drained pasta in bowl with pesto, 13 with tomato basil sauce and 13 in another serving dish. Combine pasta with pesto, then coat and toss the second bowl of pasta with red sauce, to the last bowl, pour the gorgonzola sauce down over the pasta and toss.nServe the three pastas family style or buffet style, immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds penne rigate pasta, 2 cups Italian flatleaf parsley, 1 3ounce jar or 14 cup pignoli nuts, 1 clove garlic, cracked away from skin, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 1 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes,, 1 14ounce can diced tomatoes, drained, Salt and pepper, 20 leaves fresh basil, torn or shredded, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup white wine, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup cream, 2 tablespoons chopped sage leaves, 34 pound gorgonzola cheese, cut into pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: POPsta Pasta Bar with Three Sauces, picturelink: ORgT77ammXCSj7FJod.8nEflAYC1mWO}, 58297: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the racks of ribs in half crosswise. Rub the ribs, paying special attention to the meaty side, with 12 cup of the sauce. Lay the rib pieces meat side down in an 11 by 13inch baking dish. The pieces will overlap slightly.nCover the dish tightly with aluminum foil and bake until the meat begins to pull away from the ends of the bones and the ribs are just tender, about 1 hour. You can bake the ribs up to a day before and keep them refrigerated. Bring refrigerated ribs to room temperature about 1 hour before you grill them.nPreheat an outdoor grill to mediumhigh heat. Grill the ribs, brushing them with about half the remaining sauce, until theyre crispy and heated through, about 10 minutes. Move the ribs around as they grill, the sugar in barbecue sauce makes it easy for them to burn. Let the ribs rest for 5 to 10 minutes before cutting them into 1 or 2bone pieces. Put out the rest of the sauce for dipping or brush it over the ribs.nStir all ingredients together in a small bowl until sugar is dissolved. The sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [2 racks baby back ribs about 2 12 pounds, 1 recipe Bourbon Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup steak sauce, 12 cup bourbon or good dark beer, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup packed dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon regular or grainy Dijon mustard, 2 pinches red pepper flakes, Kosher salt], title: Baby Back Ribs, picturelink: null}, 58298: {instructions: Place peas in pot and add 1 inch water. Add a little salt, a teaspoon of sugar and a couple of pats of butter to the pot. Bring water to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer. Cover and cook until peas are tender but still bright green, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Add chopped parsley. Transfer peas to a serving dish., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sugar snap peas, Coarse salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Sugar Snap Peas with Parsley, picturelink: null}, 58299: {instructions: Wash the peanuts in cool water until the water runs clear. Soak in cool water for 30 minutes to loosen any remaining dirt.nDrain and rinse the peanuts. Add the peanuts to a 12quart pot along with the salt and 3 gallons of water. Stir well. Cover and cook on high for 4 hours. Check the texture of the peanut at this point for doneness. When done, boiled peanuts should have a similar texture to a cooked dry bean. It should hold its shape, but not crunch when bitten. Add more water throughout the cooking process, if needed. If necessary, continue cooking for 3 to 4 hours longer.nDrain the peanuts and store in a covered container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nCooks note: The cooking time can vary greatly depending on how fresh the peanuts are. The fresher the peanut, the less time it will take to cook., ingredients: [2 pounds inshell raw Virginia or Valencia peanuts, 3 ounces kosher salt, 3 gallons water], title: Boiled Peanuts, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 58300: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combine the hot sauce and Maggi sauce. Mix well to incorporate evenly. Sprinkle the halibut on both sides with some salt and pepper and place inside the bowl, coating with the marinade. Cover with plastic wrap and let marinate for 2 hours.nPlace 3 corn husks vertically overlapping each other on a cutting board. Place 1 fillet on the corn husks, reserving the marinade. Top with a tablespoon of sliced onions, a tablespoon of the reserved marinade and some more salt and pepper.Fold from the bottom up, and then from top to bottom. Then fold in the sides to the center. Repeat with the remaining ingredients.nWrap aluminum foil around each corn huskcovered halibut and place in a large castiron skillet or on a griddle. Cook on medium heat for 20 minutes on each side. Remove from the heat and remove the foil and corn husk carefully, making sure not to burn yourself with the steam. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [12 cup storebought hot sauce, 14 cup Maggi sauce, Four 6ounce centercut boneless and skinless halibut fillets, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 soaked corn husks, patted dry, 12 white onion, sliced, 1 lime, wedged for serving], title: Halibut Cooked in Corn Husks, picturelink: null}, 58301: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a large saute pan over high heat.nCoat lamb leg with paprika, fennel seed, salt, and pepper. Swirl 2 tablespoons olive oil into the hot pot. Brown the lamb on all sides to lock in juices and toast the spices coating the outside. Transfer the lamb to the roasting pan with wire rack and roast in the oven until the internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F for mediumrare, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Remove and let rest at least 10 minutes before slicing.nWhile the lamb is roasting, slice the fingerlings in half lengthwise and place in a large saucepan with the shallots, garlic, olive oil, and water. Bring to a simmer over low heat and cook until the potatoes are tender.nRemove from heat, drain liquid and lightly smash mixture with a fork. Stir in the thyme, Pecorino cheese, salt, and pepper. Cover the potatoes and keep warm.nIn a saucepan, over medium heat, melt the butter and whisk in the mustard. Add the shallot and cook until the shallot is browned and caramelized, about 5 to 7 minutes Deglaze the pan with wine and simmer to reduce by half. Add the veal stock and pepper and reduce by half again. Strain the sauce through a fine sieve.nTo serve, slice the lamb, top with some of the sauce, and serve alongside the potatoes. Serve the remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 pounds lamb leg, deboned and trussed, 1 tablespoon ground paprika, 1 tablespoon ground fennel seed, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds fingerling potatoes, 2 whole shallots, roughly chop, 4 garlic cloves, 2 cups olive oil, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped, 14 cup aged Pecorino cheese, grated, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 cup whole grain mustard, 1 shallot, minced, 1 12 cups California Red Zinfandel wine, 2 cups fresh veal stock, 2 tablespoons freshly cracked black pepper], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Smashed Fingerlings and Zinfandel Gravy, picturelink: EhGi.RdzBmFucgbSRaZUBLDRDJom5m}, 58302: {instructions: For the pizza dough: In a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine the yeast, lukewarm water, and 12 cup of the bread flour. Mix well and let it sit for 30 minutes, or until bubbly, like foamy beer. In a separate medium bowl, whisk together the remaining 3 12 cups bread flour and the salt until evenly combined.nAdd 34 cup cold water and the olive oil to the yeast mixture. Turn on the mixer and begin adding the flour mixture in increments, then mix for 5 minutes, until the dough starts creeping up the dough hook and detaching from the sides of the bowl.nGrease a large bowl with oil and transfer the dough to the bowl. Turn the dough to coat its surface with oil. Cover the bowl loosely with a tea towel. Let the dough rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours. Punch the dough down, then let rise another 1 hour.nDivide the dough into 4 equal pieces and form into discs. On a work surface lightly dusted with flour, use your fingers or the heel of your hand and a rolling pin, if you prefer to stretch the discs until theyre 13 inches in diameter. The disc should be very thin, less than 18 inch.nFor the pizza: Place a pizza stone in the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F for 1 hour before baking. Or preheat a woodfired pizza oven to very hot, 4 hours before baking.nIn a food processor, puree the tomatoes until smooth. Season with salt to taste.nIn a skillet, heat the olive oil and pancetta over medium heat and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, or until crisp.nUsing a spoon, spread onefourth of the pureed tomatoes on 1 disc of dough, leaving a 1inch border all around. Sprinkle onefourth of the mozzarella on top. Gently place the pizza on the pizza stone and bake for about 5 minutes, until golden with slight signs of charring. If using a woodfired oven, gently place the pizza on the oven floor, and bake for 3 minutes, or until golden and crisp.nRemove the pizza from the oven and break an egg over the center of the pizza. Top with onefourth of the cooked pancetta, return the pizza to the oven, and bake another 3 to 4 minutes 1 to 2 minutes if using a woodfired oven, until the egg is cooked.nRemove the pizza from the oven, transfer to a cutting board, and top with onefourth of the basil. Serve immediately. Repeat with the remaining 3 pizza discs. IMPORTANTE If youre making pizza within the hour after forming the pizza dough discs, they can be kept at room temperature. Otherwise, place them on a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for up to 12 hours before baking, as long as the dough doesnt rise too much, because acidity will creep in and the flavor will sour. Ideally, though, you should make the pizzas the same day you make the dough., ingredients: [1 14ounce envelope active dry yeast 2 14 teaspoons, 12 cup lukewarm water approximately 80 degrees F, 4 cups bread flour, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, plus more for greasing, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 cup canned whole peeled tomatoes pelati, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 14 pound pancetta, diced medium, 12 pound mozzarella cheese, shredded, 4 large eggs, 1 handful fresh basil leaves], title: Breakfast Pizza: Pizza A Colazione, picturelink: null}, 58303: {instructions: Cut tops off grapefruits, a third of the way down from stem end. Place trimmed bottoms in 8quart stockpot cover with 3 quarts water. Cover surface of water directly with a piece of parchment paper cut to same size diameter as the stockpot. Bring to a boil reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, for 2 hours.nRemove grapefruits place upside down on a wire rack to drain. Reserve parchment round. When cool enough to handle, scoop out flesh with a spoon do not puncture grapefruit skin. Discard flesh.nCombine sugar, corn syrup, and 3 34 cups water in the stockpot bring to boil over mediumhigh heat, using a wet pastry brush to brush down sugar crystals that form on side of pot. Clip candy thermometer to pot cook until syrup reaches thread stage 230 degrees. Add grapefruit bowls reduce heat. Cover with reserved parchment round and simmer at least 1 hour, occasionally turning gently. Grapefruits should be unevenly translucent. Turn off heat let cool in syrup until completely translucent, about 2 hours. Using whisk small enough to fit in bowls, gently lift them from syrup. Place upside down on rack over baking sheet. Let dry overnight. Store in airtight container lined with parchment paper., ingredients: [4 grapefruits, 7 12pounds about 17 cups sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 3 34 cups water], title: Candied Grapefruit Bowls, picturelink: null}, 58304: {instructions: Sift together the flour and salt into a large bowl.nPut the butter into the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, and beat on medium speed until fluffy and light, about 2 minutes. Add the confectioners sugar and vanilla, and mix until combined. Reduce the speed to low, and slowly add the flour and salt mixture to the butter and sugar mixture, mixing on low speed until the dough comes together and is smooth. Turn the dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap. Cut the dough into quarters, wrap each piece in plastic wrap, and chill in the refrigerator for 2 hours.nWhen youre ready to bake the cookies, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 9 by 13inch baking sheet with parchment paper.nRemove the dough from the refrigerator and let it soften slightly. Using a rolling pin dusted with flour, roll out one of the dough quarters, keeping the others refrigerated until you need them, on a lightly floured work surface to 14 to 18inch thickness. Cut the cookies into the desired shapes, and then use a metal spatula to transfer the cookies to one of the prepared baking sheets, spacing about 1 12 inches apart. Sprinkle the cookies with decorating sugar, if desired.nRepeat with the remaining dough.nBake the cookies until they are light brown around the edges and on the bottom, 8 to 12 minutes. Cool briefly on the sheets, and use a metal spatula to transfer the cookies to a wire rack to cool completely., ingredients: [3 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 teaspoon fine salt, 3 12 sticks 14 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Decorating sugar and Royal Icing, optional], title: The Neelys Butter Cookies, picturelink: ADw0RaQ8ERnzhe.eJSA8oBofqrFJnVa}, 58305: {instructions: Heat oil in a hot saute pan. Sear duck breasts until medium rare. Remove and let cool. In the same pan, add apples and raisins, fivespice powder, garlic and onion, and saute until tender. Remove, from heat, add cilantro, and season with salt and pepper. When cool enough to handle, dice duck, add to apple mixture and mix well. Lay out the wonton skins. Spoon a little mixture onto each skin, fold over and seal by moistening seams with a little water, making sure that no mixture oozes out. Wontons can be deepfried or steamed in a steamer basket. Serve with your favorite dipping sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons salad oil, 4 duck breasts, skinless, 3 Granny Smith apples, peeled cored, and diced small, 2 tablespoons raisins, 1 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh garlic 1 garlic clove, 1 teaspoon chopped red onion, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 16 wonton skins, 12 cup duck sauce, soy sauce, Chinese hot sauce, or your other favorite dipping sauce], title: Duck and Apple Wontons, picturelink: mvgkSFA.JkjdQU3N7wCXT.anssrjEjC}, 58306: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray 12 mini loaf pans or a 12cup regular muffin pan with pan release spray.nSpread the pecans out on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until toasted, 10 to 12 minutes. Allow to cool and then pulse in a food processor until very finely chopped but not ground.nCombine the chopped pecans, flour, baking powder, cinnamon, ginger, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Whisk together the brown sugar, yogurt, oil, vanilla extract, lemon zest and eggs in another bowl. Stir the carrots into the egg mixture. Fold the carrotegg mixture into the flour mixture until just combined. Divide evenly among the prepared pans. Dont be alarmed if the batter seems skimpy the cakes will rise once baked.nBake until the center of the cakes bounce back when pressed and a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Let the cakes cool in the pans for a few minutes, and then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nFor the glaze: Mix together the confectioners sugar, cream cheese, lemon juice, vanilla extract and salt in a medium bowl. Spoon about 1 teaspoon of the glaze onto each cake and use the back of the spoon to spread. Garnish as desired., ingredients: [Pan release spray, for greasing, 12 cup pecan halves, 1 12 cups whole wheat pastry flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup 2percent Greek yogurt, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 3 large eggs, 3 cups shredded carrot about 34 pound, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons 13 less fat cream cheese neufchatel cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch fine salt, Pecan halves, golden raisins andor ground cinnamon, for garnish, optional], title: Mini Carrot Cakes with Cream Cheese Glaze, picturelink: 7zYwKulLPqO4B7FUT1HN1qJJCIOHhG}, 58307: {instructions: Special equipment: Blender or immersion blendernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nGently toss together 2 tablespoons of the oil, the vinegar, thyme, garlic, tomatoes, red peppers and onions on a baking sheet. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Arrange the tomatoes and red peppers skinside up and bake until lightly charred, 45 to 50 minutes.nWarm the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Stir in the tomato paste and mix well. Add the tomato and pepper mixture, including the juices, and combine. Stir in the stock cover and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, about 20 minutes.nTransfer the soup to a blender or use an immersion blender and pulse in small batches that reach only about onethird to halfway up the side of the jar. Be careful to start slow and then increase the speed to blitz the ingredients until smooth. Use a separate bowl to hold the blended soup, and then return it all to the pot.nHeat the soup to warm through, and then ladle into serving bowls. Garnish with the basil and serve with the Herbed Flatbread.nRoll the pizza dough out to about 1inch thick. Sprinkle evenly with the herbs and roll into a log. Then knead 3 to 4 minutes to evenly incorporate the herbs. Reform the dough into a ball and place in a small bowl lightly coated with olive oil. Set aside to rest for 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan over low heat, melt the butter with the garlic and red onions. Remove from the heat and keep warm. Brush a baking sheet with oil. Roll the dough out to about 18inch thickness and transfer to the prepared baking sheet. Brush about half the garlic butter on top.nRemove the garlic and onions with a slotted spoon and scatter over the top. Bake until golden, about 25 minutes.nRemove from the oven, brush with the remaining garlic butter and sprinkle with salt. Cut into 2 inch strips and serve.nFrom Food Network Kitchens after further testing and to ensure the best results this recipe has been altered from what was in the actual episode., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 8 cloves garlic, peeled, 8 Roma tomatoes, halved and seeded, 2 red peppers, quartered and seeded, 1 medium onion, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 6ounce can tomato paste, 6 cups vegetable stock, 14 cup loosely packed chiffonade fresh basil, for serving, Herbed Flatbread, for serving, recipe follows, One 16ounce ball pizza dough purchased from local pizza parlor or supermarket, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh lemon thyme, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for coating bowl, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt], title: Roasted Tomato Soup with Herbed Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 58308: {instructions: Special equipment: a steamer or steamer baskets, cheesecloth or paper towel, food processor and Pittu steamer, see Cooks NotenLine a steamer with several layers of cheesecloth and fill with the all purpose flour. Steam for 45 minutes. Spread the steamed flour on a baking sheet to cool.nCombine the steamed flour, roasted urad dal flour, and salt in a large bowl. Add the hot water, a little at a time, stirring with a wooden spoon, until the dough resembles cornmeal may not need all the water. Place the mixture in a food processor and pulse until it resembles couscous.nPour into a large bowl and mix in the crab meat, 12 cup grated coconut, shallots and basil. Pack the Pittu steamer with 1 tablespoon of coconut then 12 cup Pittu mix, repeat until the steamer is full. Steam for 5 to 7 minutes, until the steam comes out the top of the steamer. Push the Pittu out of the steamer onto a platter., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups roasted urad dal flour, see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup hot water, 34 cup tinned crab meat, well drained, 12 cup grated fresh coconut, plus 12 cup, 14 cup finely chopped shallots, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Steamed Pittu with Crab, picturelink: en0PRguWl.PMpKlqZBg0LDgfXMCEi6}, 58309: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the iceberg lettuce, cut tomatoes, celery stalks, Swiss cheese, ham, and Spanish olives.nMix garlic, oregano, and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Beat until smooth with a wire whisk. Add olive oil, gradually beating to form an emulsion. Stir in vinegar and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Add dressing to salad and toss well. Add Romano and toss again., ingredients: [12 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 ripe tomatoes, cut in eighths, 2 stalks celery, sliced, 12 cup Swiss cheese, cut in julienne strips, 12 cup ham, cut in julienne strips or turkey or shrimp, 14 cup green Spanish olives, pitted, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup extravirgin Spanish olive oil, 18 cup white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 teaspoons grated Romano], title: 1905 Salad, picturelink: null}, 58310: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out puff pastry to a 10 by 10inch square. Spread 3 tablespoons of tomato paste evenly on top, followed by 3 tablespoons of olive tapenade. Sprinkle half of mozzarella and Parmesan over top. Roll up the puff pastry like a jelly roll, just to the middle of the dough. Repeat with the other side in the same fashion, making 2 rolls that meet in the center. Duplicate the process with the second puff pastry sheet.nLine a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Slice the rolls into 12inch slices. Arrange on cookie sheet and refrigerate for 20 minutes. Because they will puff up to twice their size after baking, place them far enough apart. Just before baking, beat the egg with 2 tablespoons water in a small bowl, and brush onto the olive crisp slices. Bake for 20 minutes, or until puffed and golden. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [Flour, for dusting, 2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed, 6 tablespoons tomato paste, 6 tablespoons prepared olive tapenade, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons water], title: Olive Crisps, picturelink: null}, 58311: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a medium baking dish.nSlice the yellow squash and zucchini lengthwise into quarters, then cut into 12inchthick wedges. Place the yellow squash, zucchini and carrots in a saucepan, barely cover with water and salt well. Bring to a boil reduce the heat to medium and cover. Cook about 20 minutes, until the vegetables are very soft.nMeanwhile, warm 3 tablespoons of the butter in a medium skillet over mediumlow heat. Stir in the onion and cook slowly until very soft and translucent, 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook an additional minute. Scrape the mixture into a mixing bowl. Wipe out the skillet, return it to mediumlow heat, and add to it the remaining tablespoon of butter. Stir in 12 cup of the cracker crumbs and cook briefly until the crumbs are golden. Scrape them onto a small plate and reserve them.nDrain the squash mixture, mashing the vegetables just a bit. Spoon it into the mixing bowl. Stir in the remaining 34 cup of cracker crumbs, cheese and a good splash or two of the pepper sauce. Salt and pepper generously to taste. Stir in the eggs and spoon the mixture into the prepared baking dish. Scatter the toasted cracker crumbs over the top. Bake uncovered for about 30 minutes, until golden brown and lightly firm in the center. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 34 pounds crookneck yellow squash or other yellow summer squash, 14 pound zucchini or additional yellow summer squash, 12 cup coarsechopped carrots, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 large onion, preferably yellow, chopped, 1 plump garlic clove, minced, 1 14 cups saltine or Ritz cracker crumbs, 12 cup grated mild to medium Cheddar cheese, Hot pepper sauce, such as Tabasco, Salt and freshly milled black pepper, 2 eggs, lightly beaten], title: Yellow Squash Casserole, picturelink: null}, 58312: {instructions: Crust:nInto a 9inch pie plate, sift together the flour, sugar, and the salt. In a glass measuring cup, whisk together 12 cup salad oil and 3 tablespoons milk with a fork. Pour that over the flour mixture in pie plate and mix with a fork until all flour is evenly dampened. If it is still too dry to work with your hands, mix a little more oil with a little milk and add to flour mixture. With your hands press the dough evenly against the bottom and up the sides of the pie pan, allowing the excess to fall on the counter. This will be the top crumble crust and is about 13 of the total crust mixture. Sweep it into your hand and reserve in a small bowl. Crimp the edges of the bottom crust or use a fork dipped in milk to flatten the crust along the rim.nBerry pie filling:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo the washed berries add cornstarch, sugar, cinnamon, and freshly grated nutmeg. Stir gently.nPlace the berry mixture in the bottom crust and sprinkle lemon juice over it. Then with an ordinary teaspoon, place little 12 teaspoons soft butter evenly over the top of the berry filling.nCrumble the reserved crust on top of the pie.nBake for 45 to 50 minutes. Check it after 30 minutes. If crust is getting golden but pie filling is not quite congealed, tent the pie with aluminum foil to keep crust from getting too brown.nServe with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 to 23 cup salad oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons milk, 1 quart fresh blueberries, washed, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 34 cup sugar, Dash ground cinnamon, Dash freshly grated nutmeg, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 4 teaspoons butter], title: Pollys Perfect Blueberry Pie, picturelink: .BKVOYtSAeO.8N0iktg45J7Q2a1sijy}, 58313: {instructions: In a cocktail mixer, vigorously shake the vodka and vermouth. Drain the brine from the jar of olives and reserve 14 cup of the brine. Fill the jar with the reserved brine, vodka and vermouth until full. Marinate for at least 24 hours and up to 1 month, then serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups vodka, 2 ounces dry vermouth, One 16ounce jar onionstuffed olives], title: Martini Soaked Olives, picturelink: null}, 58314: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Sift flour 3 times. Sift again with 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar. In an electric mixing machine, making sure bowl is clean and free of oil, beat egg whites until frothy. Add salt, cream of tartar. Beat until it barely holds soft peaks. Beat in remaining 34 cup sugar, a little at a time, until it holds stiff peaks. Fold in extracts. Sift 14 flour mixture over whites and gently but thoroughly fold it in. Sift and fold in remaining flour, in the same manner, 14 at a time. Spoon or pour batter into a very clean, ungreased tube pan. Rap it on the counter to eliminate gaps. Bake for 1 hour 15 minutes or until cake springs back when touched. Invert pan over bottle to cool. Cool completely before inserting sharp knife around edges of pan to loosen. Rap bottom of pan firmly on counter. Invert onto plate. Serve with peach compote and peach glaze.nIn a small saucepan add all ingredients. Bring to a boil, lower heat to medium, cook until thickened, 5 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat. Remove cinnamon stick and serve.nIn a small saucepan add all ingredients except water. Bring to a medium heat until sugar is combined with liqueur. Stir in water and reduce until desired consistency., ingredients: [1 cup cake flour, 112 cups plus 1 tablespoon sugar processed in food processor until superfine, 112 cups egg whitesabout 13 at room temperature, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 whole peaches, peeled, pitted and cut into small dice or 2 cups frozen peaches thawed, 1 cup sugar, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 cup Creame De Peche peach liqueur, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 1 lemons juice, 1 lemons zest, Water as needed], title: Angel Food Cake, picturelink: null}, 58315: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice. Add the passion fruit juice and sake. Cover and shake vigorously to combine and chill. Strain into a large chilled martini glass. Add the grenadine. Stir and serve.nCopyright 2002 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [12 cup passion fruit juice, 12 cup sake, 1 tablespoon grenadine, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed orange juice], title: Sake Passion, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 58316: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F and lightly butter 2 muffin tins.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, and salt set aside. Mash 2 of the bananas with a fork in a small bowl so they still have a bit of texture. With an electric mixer fitted with a wire whisk, whip the remaining bananas and sugar together like you mean it, for a good 3 minutes. Add the melted butter, eggs, and vanilla and beat well, scraping down the sides of the bowl once or twice. Mix in the dry ingredients just until incorporated. Fold in the nuts and the mashed bananas with a rubber spatula. Spoon the batter into the muffin tins to fill them about halfway. Give them a rap on the counter to get any air bubbles out.nBake until a toothpick stuck in the muffins comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Let cool for a few minutes before turning the muffins out. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 overripe bananas, 1 cup brown sugar, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup pecans, chopped], title: Banana Nut Muffins, picturelink: WeFs8lrB74Z1vzJLteOWBk1CVj9CG}, 58317: {instructions: Cut the fresh and smoked ham into large pieces about 3 inches by 3 inches and set aside.nIn a large stockpot, saute the carrots and onions. Add 3 tablespoons of tomato paste and carmelize the mixture. Add the pieces of fresh and smoked ham. Add enough water to cover approximately 1 gallon. Add the bay leaves and white wine and then bring to a boil and cook until very tender, about 1 12 hours, adding more water as needed. Strain and reserve the liquid.nShred the meat and set aside.nIn a medium size skillet, saute the julienne tomato and onion. Add the garlic cloves. Crush the canned tomatoes by hand and add to the mixture. Add the sundried tomatoes. Add the Sherry vinegar and cook for 5 minutes. Add the shredded ham and slow cook for 15 minutes add the reserved cooking liquid from the ham to keep stew moist at all times. Season with salt and pepper and serve with yellow rice., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh ham, 2 pounds smoked ham, 2 carrots, thickly sliced, 2 onions, quartered, 3 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup white wine, 1 gallon water, 10 Roma tomatoes, julienned, 2 white onions, thinly sliced, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 10ounce can peeled whole tomatoes, 1 cup sun dried tomatoes, julienne, 14 cup Sherry vinegar, Oil, for sauteing, Salt and pepper, Serving suggestion: cooked yellow rice.], title: Spanish Slow Cooked Ham with Sherry Vinegar and Tomato: Salpicon de Jamon, picturelink: null}, 58318: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread walnuts on a baking pan. Bake until fragrant, about 7 minutes. Transfer walnuts to a bowl set aside to cool. Finely chop, and reserve.nIn a large heavy skillet over medium heat, melt 4 tablespoons butter. Add mushrooms, scallions, and thyme, and cook, stirring occasionally, until liquid has been released and then skillet becomes almost dry, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in salt, pepper and sherry. Cook until skillet is almost dry, about 10 minutes more. Stir in lemon juice. Remove from heat, and let cool.nIn a large bowl, combine mushroom mixture with reserved walnuts, parsley, hot pepper sauce, and cream cheese. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nLine a 3cup mold with plastic wrap, allowing for a 4inch overhang on all sides. Spoon the mushroom mixture into the mold. Cover with plastic overhand and firmly press down all over terrine with hands spread mixture as evenly as possible. Refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight.nJust before serving, melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter in a medium skillet, and cook halved mushrooms just until tender, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Unwrap chilled terrine, and invert it onto a small serving platter. Surround with cooked mushroom halves, and thyme leaves. Serve with toast points, water biscuits, or any plain cracker.nToast points, water biscuits, or any plain cracker, for serving., ingredients: [12 cup walnuts, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 34 pounds assorted mushrooms, such as cremini, shiitake, portobello, and white button, cleaned and chopped into medium pieces about 7 cups, plus 14 to 16 small button mushrooms, halved, for garnish, 6 scallions, white and palegreen parts, cut across in 14inch pieces or 3 medium shallots, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, plus more for garnish, 1 12 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 13 cup dry sherry or Madeira, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Dash hot red pepper sauce, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, room temperature], title: Mushroom Pate, picturelink: null}, 58319: {instructions: Trim fat from the steak and cut into 1inch cubes. Combine the soy sauce, sesame oil, rice winesherry, egg white and salt in a glass bowl. Add the beef and stir to coat. Marinate for 1 hour, covered in the refrigerator.nPlace peanutcorn oil in a wok, swirling to coat the sides, and place over high heat. Add the chilies and cook until they begin to darken. Add the garlic, ginger and Szechwan pepper continue to cook to infuse the oil. Add the scallions and bell pepper. Remove the steak from the marinade and add it to the wok. Stirfry the beef for 3 minutes until brown. Blend in soy sauce, rice wine, Chinese vinegar, sugar and chicken broth. Dissolve the cornstarch slurry and add it to the sauce, stirring, to thicken. Sprinkle in the peanuts and stir to coat. Serve over rice., ingredients: [1 12 pounds boneless beef sirloin, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon rice wine or sherry, 1 egg white, lightly beaten, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons peanut or corn oil, 4 dried red chiles, split, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon Szechwan pepper, toasted and crushed, 2 scallions, cut in 12inch pieces, 1 red bell pepper, cut in pieces, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine or sherry, 2 tablespoons Chinese black vinegar or balsamic, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, dissolved in 2 tablespoons water, 13 cup roasted peanuts], title: Kung Pao Beef, picturelink: null}, 58320: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nPlace the figs and tomatoes skinside down on the prepared baking sheet. Roast until they start to brown and soften, about 40 minutes. Cool, and then remove the tomato skins.nIn a food processor, combine the figs, tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, sorghum, chili paste, coriander, cumin and cinnamon and pulse until combined.nPut this mixture in a saucepan with the bay leaf and cook over mediumhigh heat until the mixture begins to boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, stirring often, until it thickens and reduces by a third, about 30 minutesit will be thick enough so that when you stir it, youll be able to see the bottom of the pot. Remove the bay leaf and discard. Season with salt., ingredients: [1 pound fresh figs, quartered, 8 ounces Roma tomatoes, quartered lengthwise, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup sorghum syrup, 1 teaspoon Thaistyle chili paste, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon cumin, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 fresh bay leaf, Salt], title: Fig Catsup, picturelink: AU6U5pINo45fCn5CHSCPciKGHmCYNDS}, 58321: {instructions: Cook garlic in oil in a deep 4 to 6quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring, until garlic is fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in tomatoes and 12 tablespoon oregano and cook, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes break down, 4 to 5 minutes. Season with pepper. Add clams, stirring well to coat, then cover pot tightly, and increase heat to moderately high. Cook, stirring once, until clams open, 5 to 7 minutes. Discard any clams that have not opened after 7 minutes.nWhile clams are cooking, toss together bread crumbs, zest, and remaining 12 tablespoon oregano. Divide clams and pan juices among 4 shallow bowls, then sprinkle with bread crumbs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 garlic cloves, minced, 18 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 canned whole plum tomatoes, drained, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, 1 12 pounds very small 1inch hardshelled clams such as Manila clams or cockles, scrubbed well, 14 cup toasted fresh bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest], title: Clams Oreganata, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 58322: {instructions: Place the cream, vanilla bean, and cardamom pod in a heavy saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Set aside.nWhisk the egg yolks and 2 tablespoons of the sugar in the top of a double boiler over simmering water until pale and thick. Do not overcook.nRemove the vanilla bean and the cardamom pods from the cream. Add the cream to the eggs in the double boiler, whisking constantly. Cook slowly, stirring occasionally, until the mixture thickens and coats the back of a spoon, approximately 10 minutes.nRemove from heat and whisk in the butter and rosemary. Pour the custard mixture into a porcelain dish and chill thoroughly.nJust before serving, sprinkle the custard with remaining sugar and caramelize it with a kitchen torch. Fire quickly and evenly until the sugar is cooked but not burned. Put the creme brulee into the freezer for about 30 seconds and then serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 3 or 4 cardamom pods, 2 egg yolks, lightly beaten, 14 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces, 18 cup freshly chopped rosemary], title: Rosemary Creme Brulee with Vanilla Bean and Cardamom, picturelink: null}, 58323: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Combine 34 cup sugar and 1 12 tablespoons water in a 10inch ovenproof skillet and stir until the mixture looks like wet sand. Cook over mediumhigh heat, gently swirling the pan occasionally but not stirring, until light amber, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and arrange the peaches in concentric circles over the caramel. Drizzle with the bourbon set the skillet aside.nWhisk the flour, ground pecans, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a bowl. Beat the butter and the remaining 1 cup sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the eggs one at a time, beating after each addition, then beat in the vanilla. Reduce the mixer speed to low add the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour, and mix until just incorporated. Pour the batter over the peaches and spread evenly.nTransfer the skillet to the oven and bake until the cake is golden and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 50 minutes. Cover loosely with foil if the cake is browning too quickly. Let sit 15 minutes, then invert onto a platter and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 34 cups sugar, 4 peaches, cut into 12inch wedges about 1 14 pounds, 2 to 3 tablespoons bourbon, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup finely ground pecans, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup buttermilk], title: PeachBourbon UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 58324: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with salt, pepper, and lime juice. In a large casserole or dutch oven, heat the olive oil. Brown the chicken, remove the chicken from the pan, and set aside.nAdd the onions, peppers, and garlic to the casserole. Cook until translucent. Add the tomato sauce, cumin, and bay leaf cook for another 5 minutes. Add the chicken, wine, beer, and sherry, and cook for 5 to 8 minutes. Add the stock, bring to a boil, and adjust the seasoning. Add the drained rice and the saffron.nBring the mixture to a boil, cover, and cook in the oven for 20 minutes.nRemove the rice from the oven and add the peas, fluffing the rice and mixing in the peas at the same time. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 3 pound chicken cut into 8 pieces, skin removed, Salt and pepper, 1 lime, juiced, 12 cup pure Spanish olive oil, 1 onion, small dice, 1 green pepper, small dice, 1 roasted red pepper, small dice, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup prepared tomato sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 bay leaf, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 ounces beer, 12 cup sherry, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 12 cups Valencia rice, soaked in cold water for 1 hour, 5 saffron threads, 1 cup frozen sweet peas], title: Rice with Chicken: Arroz con Pollo, picturelink: null}, 58325: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nScatter the clams and oysters on a baking sheet and roast in the oven just until they begin to open up, 5 to 7 minutes. This will make the shucking process easier.nIn a large bowl, combine the lemon juice and lime juice. Stir to combine.nShuck the oysters and clams, with their natural juices, into the bowl. Chop the shrimp and add to the bowl. Stir gently to combine the seafood with the citrus juice. Cover and allow to sit for 2 hours in the refrigerator.nAdd the cucumbers, red onions, cilantro, parsley, tomatoes and chile to the seafood and mix well. Add the olive oil and salt and pepper to taste. Mix again and allow to sit in the refrigerator for an additional 1 12 hours before serving.nServe chilled, with corn tortilla chips., ingredients: [50 littleneck clams, scrubbed clean, 25 Blue Point oysters, cleaned, 34 cup lemon juice, 23 cup lime juice, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled, deveined, tails removed, 1 cup diced cucumber, seeds removed, 1 cup diced red onion, Corn tortilla chips, for serving, 13 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 13 cup chopped Italian flatleaf parsley, 14 cup diced tomato, seeds removed, 1 habanero chile, finely diced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: ItalianInspired Ceviche, picturelink: x5kTue7LCcNHucrkje9HoVzSaeagCmC}, 58326: {instructions: Mix black pepper and allspice together. Set aside. Rub the chopped green peppercorns into both sides of the steaks. Sprinkle the pepper and allspice mixture on both sides of the steaks, to taste. Put the steaks in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours. Remove from refrigerator and salt, to taste. Let stand for about 12 hour at room temperature before grilling. An oven broiler can also be used. Cook to desired doneness. Remove from heat and let stand for at least 5 minutes. Garnish with chopped rosemary and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons cracked black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 cup chopped green peppercorns, 6 4ounce flat iron steaks flank steak can be used as a substitute, Kosher salt, Chopped fresh rosemary leaves, for garnish about 2 sprigs], title: Peppercorn Rubbed and Grilled Flat Iron Steak, picturelink: null}, 58327: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, lightly beat egg yolk and pour in ice water, slightly mix. Add the flour all at once, stroke a few times with a fork just until ingredients are loosely combined. The batter should be somewhat lumpy.n4 servingsnIn a small saucepan over lowmedium heat, combine mirin, soy sauce and sugar. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes until sugar dissolves. Transfer to a bowl, add grated radish and ginger just before serving.nHeat about 2 inches of vegetable oil to 375 degrees F in a wok or deepfryer. Flavor with sesame oil. Dry the vegetables well. Dust shrimp and vegetables in flour to soak up remaining moisture, shake off excess. Dip the shrimp and vegetables into the batter one by one. Drop 6 pieces at a time in hot oil. Do not overcrowd the pan. Fry until golden brown, turning once, about 3 minutes. To keep the oil clean, skim the small bits of batter that float in the oil between batches. Remove the fried pieces from the oil and drain on a paper towel for a few seconds. Serve with dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 egg yolk, 1 cup ice water, 1 cup rice flour, 12 cup mirin or sake, 12 cup Tamari soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup grated daikon radish, 1 teaspoon ginger, grated, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 tablespoons sesame oil, for flavoring frying oil, 1 cup flour, for dusting, 12 pound large shrimp, cleaned, tails on, 12 pound scallops, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 sweet potato, peeled and sliced 14inch thick, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced diagonally in strips, 4 ounces Chinese green beans, ends trimmed, 4 ounces mushrooms, 5 stalks asparagus, ends trimmed, 1 red bell pepper, cut in strips, 2 Japanese eggplants, halved and cut into 14inch slices], title: Tempura, picturelink: null}, 58328: {instructions: Place the package of raspberries, the granulated sugar, and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer for 4 minutes. Pour the cooked raspberries, the jam, and Framboise into the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until smooth. Chill., ingredients: [1 halfpint package fresh raspberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup water, 1 cup 12 ounces seedless raspberry jam, 1 tablespoon Framboise liqueur], title: Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58329: {instructions: Place all ingredients in large pasta pot with a strainer and simmer until clams open and the corn is tender. Strain liquid and dump ingredients onto a large table for a great festive feast., ingredients: [10 ears corn, 200 middleneck clams, 6 fresno chiles, 6 jalapeno chiles, 1 head garlic, 2 red onions, sliced, 100 PEI mussels, 2 tablespoons coriander seed, 2 tablespoons cumin seed, 2 stalks celery, chopped, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 4 red peppers, chopped, 3 pounds smoked sausage, in casings, 1 bottle white wine, Water, to cover], title: Clam Bake, picturelink: null}, 58330: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Melt the butter in a heavybottomed saute pan over medium heat. Add the onions and saute until translucent, about 15 minutes. Add the flour and nutmeg and cook, stirring, for 2 more minutes. Add the cream and milk and cook until thickened. Squeeze as much liquid as possible from the spinach and add the spinach to the sauce. Add 12 cup of the Parmesan cheese and mix well. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer the spinach to a baking dish and sprinkle the remaining 12 cup Parmesan and the Gruyere on top. Bake for 20 minutes until hot and bubbly. Serve hot.nNote: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally broadcast or published., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 4 cups chopped yellow onions 2 large, 14 cup flour, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups milk, 3 pounds frozen chopped spinach, defrosted 5 10ounce packages, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Gruyere cheese], title: Spinach Gratin, picturelink: YMaGmekpv2vUBE95Jb2Bi1ANsxkiny}, 58331: {instructions: Put the raspberry candy in the center of the cupcake. Put 8 fish, heads up, in a petal pattern around the raspberry. Put the remaining 13 fish in a petal pattern around the first set., ingredients: [1 black raspberry candy, 1 frosted cupcake about 2 tablespoons frosting works best, 21 chewy fishshaped candies, 8 of 1 color, 13 of another], title: Gummy Petal Flower, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 58332: {instructions: Fire up the grill, with the coals lined up under the fish for direct grilling.nSprinkle sea salt generously in the cavity of the fish and over the skin, then stuff it with the onions, lemons, fronds, and herb sprigs. Tie butcher string around the fish in three or four places to hold the stuffing in. In between the string, make deep incisions with your knife through the thickest part of the fish on both sides, all the way down to the spine. The fish will cook more quickly, and the smoke flavor will get inside the fish better. Brush both the fish and the grill lightly with oil, dust the salmon skin on both sides lightly with flour, and place the salmon on the grill.nGrill over mediumhot direct heat, with the cover on and the vents open. When the skin is browned on 1 side, use 2 large metal spatulas to loosen the salmon from the grate and carefully turn over. Continue cooking until just cooked through and an instant read thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the fish registers 135 degrees F to 140 degrees F, about 35 to 40 minutes total cooking time. Remove the fish from the grill and place it on a large platter. Allow the fish to cool for 5 minutes, then remove the butcher string and serve., ingredients: [1 6 to 7 pound whole salmon, gutted and scaled, Sea salt, 1 medium onion, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 small bunch copper fennel fronds or substitute regular fennel fronds, 10 sprigs fresh thyme, Olive oil, as needed, Allpurpose flour, as needed], title: Whole Salmon on the Grill with Fennel, Lemon, and Onions, picturelink: null}, 58333: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan over medium heat, add the cranberry juice, cranberries, cinnamon and sugar. Bring to a boil and let cook for 5 minutes. Add the apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until the cranberries have softened and apples are tender, about 5 minutes.nRemove 8 ounces of the liquid to a small bowl and whisk in the cornstarch. Slowly add the cornstarchjuice mixture slurry to the cranberry mixture, stirring constantly. Cook for an additional 5 minutes.nRemove from heat and pour into a serving bowl. Refrigerate until thickened, about 30 minutes. Remove the cinnamon sticks and serve., ingredients: [2 cups cranberry juice, 1 6ounce bag sweetened dried cranberries, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half, 1 cup sugar, 2 Gala apples, peeled, cored and diced, 2 teaspoons corn starch], title: Cinnamon Apple Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 58334: {instructions: Heat oven to 300 degrees F.nGrease a 10inch springform pan with 1 tablespoon butter, and dust generously with granulated sugar.nMelt chocolate and butter over simmering water in a double boiler, until melted about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat and set aside to cool.nIn an electric mixer fitted with whisk attachment, whip the yolks and whole egg with 23 cup sugar on a high speed, until it is pale yellow and falls in a thick ribbon when the beater is raised, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl once or twice during mixing. Set aside.nIn an electric mixer, using a second whisk attachment and bowl, both should be clean and free of grease whip the egg whites with remaining 13 cup sugar on high speed until thick and foamy, about 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside. While the whites are beating, add the cooled melted chocolate slowly to the yolk mixture.nTemper the whipped egg whites by mixing in about 14 cup of the chocolate mixture. Then gently fold the whites into the chocolate yolk mixture, working quickly to maintain the volume of the whites the mixture will have a slightly marbleized appearance.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and place on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Place in heated oven, and bake for 50 to 60 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool in the pan on a cooling rack. When completely cool, gently run a knife around the edges of the pan and release spring. Dust with cocoa powder or confectioners sugar before serving., ingredients: [34 cup plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, plus more for dusting pan, 6 12 ounces bestquality semisweet chocolate, chopped, 3 egg yolks, 1 egg, 6 egg whites, Cocoa powder or confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Chocolate Souffle Cake, picturelink: null}, 58335: {instructions: Preheat grill to mediumhigh.nPlace all cut vegetables and the tomatoes in a large shallow baking dish, add the 12 cup of olive oil, and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place the vegetables on the grill and cook for 5 to 6 minutes, turning halfway through the cooking time. Remove the tomatoes, cover grill, and cook the remaining vegetables for 2 minutes, or until almost cooked through. Transfer vegetables to a cutting board and coarsely chop leave tomatoes whole. Place the chopped vegetables and tomatoes in a large bowl, add the 2 tablespoons of olive oil, garlic, oregano and parsley and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 zucchini, cut into quarters lengthwise, 2 yellow squash, cut into quarters lengthwise, 2 Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise, 2 red bell peppers, stemmed, seeded and quartered, 2 yellow bell peppers, stemmed, seeded and quartered, 2 red onions, quartered, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 cup olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Grilled Ratatouille, picturelink: K4apw8f9yRm0Wd.Oh39Ubg2QNjetJO}, 58336: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace plum tomatoes in a shallow baking dish, drizzle with olive oil and scatter thyme sprigs over all. Season with salt and pepper. Roast until tomatoes are softened but still have their shape, about 15 to 20 minutes. Cover loosely with foil and set aside.nReduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nLay the salmon fillets skin side down with some space between them on a baking sheet or baking dish. Season with salt and pepper and cover with dill. Squeeze 12 of the lemon over all. Bake until firm, 15 to 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, slice the remaining lemon half into 14inch slices. Heat a skillet over high heat. Film the bottom of the pan with olive oil and add lemon slices. Saute until brown on both sides, about 5 to 7 minutes total. Remove from heat and set aside.nRemove the aluminum foil from the tomatoes and discard the herb sprigs. Place the tomatoes on a cutting board and roughly chop.nSpoon chopped tomatoes into the center of each plate. Lay a piece of salmon over the tomatoes and lay the lemon halves to the side of the salmon. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 plum tomatoes, quartered, Olive oil, 8 to 10 sprigs fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 7 to 8ounce salmon fillets, about 1 12 inches at their thickest point, Handful fresh dill sprigs, 1 lemon, cut in half], title: Roasted Salmon served with Roasted Plum Tomatoes and Caramelized Lemon Slices, picturelink: null}, 58337: {instructions: Serving suggestions: Bananas, pears, and orangesnPut 1 cup of the pomegranate juice in a small bowl and sprinkle the gelatin over the top. Set aside until the gelatin blooms, 3 to 4 minutes.nWhisk the remaining pomegranate juice and sugar in a saucepan over medium high heat until boiling. Lightly stir in the gelatin mixture until it dissolves. Pour the gelatin into a 9 by 13inch baking dish. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 3 hours or overnight.nCut the pomegranate gelatin into cubes and serve with fresh fruits, such as, bananas, pears, and oranges.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [2 16ounce bottles pomegranate juice 4 cups, 3 envelopes unflavored gelatin, 34 cup sugar], title: Pomegranate Gelatin, picturelink: null}, 58338: {instructions: To make the tamales: Place the corn husks in a large bowl and add enough boiling water to cover. Submerge in the water by weighting down with another bowl. Let stand until the husks soften, about 1 hour. Drain well and pat dry.nMeanwhile, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and cook, turning once, until browned, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a plate.nAdd the onion to the fat in the skillet and cook, stirring often, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Stir in the cilantro, chili powder, cumin, salt, and cayenne. Return the chicken to the skillet and add enough cold water to cover. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cover. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 45 minutes.nTransfer the chicken to a plate. Cool until easy to handle. Discard the skin and bones and coarsely chop the meat. Transfer to a medium bowl.nMeanwhile, let the cooking liquid stand off the heat for 5 minutes. Skim off and discard the fat on the surface. Return the skillet to the stove and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until the liquid is reduced to a thick glaze, about 20 minutes. Scrape the glaze onto the chicken, then add the cheese.nTo make the tamales, place a corn husk on the work surface. Spread about 3 tablespoons of the Classic Cornbread batter in a 2 to 3inch square area in the center of the husk. Place 1 heaping tablespoon of the chicken in the center of the batter and top with about 1 tablespoon of the batter. Fold the sides of the husk to enclose the batter the tamale is now about 2 12 inches wide. Fold over the ends of the husk so the tamale is about 3 inches long. Place the tamale, smooth side up, on the work surface. Using kitchen twine, tie up the tamale with kitchen string, giftbox fashion. Repeat with the remaining husks, batter and chicken. You may have some husks left over since you soaked more than you needed, in case some got torn. Stand the tamales up, side by side, in a steamer inserted in a large pot. Add enough water to the pot to barely reach the bottom of the steamer. Cover tightly and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low. Steam the tamales until the batter is firm open a tamale to check, about 1 hour. The tamales can be made up to 8 hours ahead, cooled, and refrigerated. Steam over boiling water for 15 minutes to reheat.nServe hot, with the Salsa Roja passed on the side.nBring a large saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Add the tomatillos and cook just until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain.nHeat a heavy skillet preferably cast iron over high heat until very hot. Cook the chiles, turning frequently, until they turn a darker shade, about 3 minutes. Do not burn them. Transfer to a plate and cool. Cut open and discard the seeds and stems. Wear plastic gloves if your hands are sensitive, and do not touch your eyes or other delicate parts of your body until you wash your hands well.nPuree the tomatillos, chiles, tomato sauce, onion, and garlic in a blender or food processor. Season, to taste, with salt. Cool completely. The salsa can be prepared up to 3 days ahead, covered, and refrigerated.nYield: 6 to 8 servingsnWhisk the cornmeal, flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, and salt together in a large bowl to combine. Make a well in the center. Whisk the buttermilk, eggs, and oil in another bowl until the eggs are well combined. Pour into the well and stir just until the batter is moistened  do not overbeat.nYield: 6 to 8 servings, ingredients: [24 dried corn husks, Boiling water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds chicken thighs, with skin and bone, 1 medium onion, chopped, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 cup 4ounces shredded Monterey Jack cheese, Salsa Roja, recipe follows, Classic Southern Cornbread, recipe follows, 1 pound tomatillos, husks removed, 10 dried chiles de arbol, 18ounce can tomato sauce, 12 medium white onion, coarsely chopped, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 2 cups yellow or white cornmeal, preferably stoneground, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 large eggs, beaten, 14 cup vegetable oil, preferably sunflower, plus additional for the pan], title: Homemade Chicken Tamales, picturelink: null}, 58339: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCooks Note: To toast the almonds, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degrees F oven until lightly toasted, 6 to 8 minutes. Cool completely before using.nHeat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large saucepan or a highsided skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the bell pepper, salt and pepper. Cook until the vegetables are tender, 5 minutes. Make a space in the center of the vegetables and add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil. Add the quinoa and cook, stirring constantly, until coated with oil, about 2 minutes. Add the wine and cook until all of the liquid has evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add the broth and bring to a boil. Cover the pan and simmer until all of the broth has been absorbed and the quinoa is tender, about 15 minutes. Keep covered and let sit for 10 minutes. Add the arugula, almonds, mint, cucumber and lemon zest and toss well. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large or 4 small shallots, chopped, 1 small red pepper, stemmed, seeded, deveined and chopped into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 1 12 cups quinoa, 14 cup white wine, such as pinot grigio, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 packed cup arugula, chopped, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted and coarsely chopped, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, 1 medium cucumber, peeled, seeded and diced into 12inch pieces, Zest of 1 lemon], title: Quinoa Pilaf, picturelink: d.lktg6PIN6Eg7yZsjVNpQ0l2MHoIWS}, 58340: {instructions: For the butter: In a food processor, combine the butter, scallions, garlic, and soy sauce. Pulse until smooth. Place the mixture on a piece of plastic wrap and form into a log about 1inch in diameter and 7 inches long. Roll the log in the plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm enough to slice, about 30 minutes. Slice into 14inch pieces.nFor the skewers: In a small bowl, mix together the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Thread 4 pieces of mushroom onto 6 of the skewers. Thread 4 shrimp onto 7 of the skewers. Thread 4 pieces of the steak onto the remaining 7 skewers. Arrange the skewers in a single layer on 2 baking sheets. Spoon the oil mixture over the top and marinate for 15 minutes.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Grill the beef skewers for 3 minutes each side for mediumwell. Let the meat rest for 5 minutes. Grill the shrimp skewers for 2 minutes each side until opaque and cooked through. Grill the mushroom skewers for 4 minutes each side until tender. Arrange the skewers on a platter and serve with the sliced butter., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 5 scallions, pale green and white parts only, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces about 12 mediumsize button or cremini mushrooms, halved, 1 pound about 28 large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 pound sirloin steak, about 34inch thick, cut into 28 1inch pieces, 20 6 to 8inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes to prevent scorching], title: Shrimp and Beef Skewers with Soy and Scallion Butter, picturelink: WOR3Ey3azx1cm.69EUComiUEEy7doq}, 58341: {instructions: In a pot large enough to accommodate the mussels heat 2 tablespoons butter and gently cook onions, shallots, celery and half of the parsley for about 5 minutes or until tender. Add the wine and bring to a boil. Season with pepper, add the mussels and raise the heat. When the steam starts to escape, shake the pot, keeping the cover tightly on to rotate the mussels inside. Cook them for 5 to 7 minutes or until they open. Discard unopened mussels and set them in a deep bowl. Pour mussel cooking liquid through a fine strainer into a saucepan and reduce quickly and slightly. Whisk in remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and parsley and spoon over mussels. Serve with warm French bread to sop up the juices., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped onions, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 stalk celery, finely diced, 14 cup chopped parsley, 12 cup dry white wine, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 pounds about 2 dozen mussels, cleaned], title: Mussels Mariniere, picturelink: null}, 58342: {instructions: Keeping cabbage whole, cut out and discard core and any discolored outer leaves. Beginning at top of head and working with 1 leaf at a time, remove 6 outer leaves, rolling each one back on itself until it can be loosened intact from head and reserve. Cut remaining cabbage head into 8 wedges and cut each wedge crosswise into 3 pieces. Separate layers of cabbage pieces. Peel parsnips and diagonally cut into 18inchthick slices.nBring a large kettle of salted water to boil and cook reserved cabbage leaves until just tender, 3 to 5 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer cabbage leaves to a kitchen towel to drain. Add cabbage pieces to boiling water and cook until crisptender, about 3 minutes. With slotted spoon transfer pieces to colander to drain and transfer to a bowl. Add potatoes to boiling water and cook just tender, about 4 minutes. With slotted spoon transfer potatoes to colander to drain and transfer to another bowl. Add parsnips to boiling water and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes. Drain parsnips in colander.nIn a 12inch heavy skillet cook onion in 3 tablespoons butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened. Add cabbage pieces, salt, nutmeg, and pepper to taste and cook mixture over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until cabbage is tender, about 10 minutes. If any liquid remains in skillet, cook mixture over high heat until liquid is evaporated, about 1 minute.nIf using robiola, cut into pieces. Stir robiola or mascarpone into cabbage mixture and cook over moderate heat, stirring until cheese is melted.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter a 2quart ovenproof round serving dish about 8 12 to 9 inches across and 2 12 inches deep and line with cabbage leaves, letting leaves overhang 1 to 2 inches. Arrange half of potatoes in serving dish and season with salt and pepper. Top potatoes in dish with half of cabbage mixture and arrange half of parsnips over cabbage. Repeat layering with remaining potatoes, cabbage mixture, and parsnips, arranging last layer of parsnips decoratively around edge of casserole and leaving cabbage exposed in center. Dot parsnips with remaining 12 tablespoon butter. Fold cabbage leaves over parsnips and cover tightly with a double layer of foil. Casserole may be prepared up to this point 1 day ahead and chilled. Bring casserole to room temperature before proceeding. Bake casserole until heated through and bubbling, about 1 hour.nLet casserole stand 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 2 12 pound cabbage, preferably with darkgreen outer leaves intact, 1 pound parsnips about 3 large, 1 onion about 12 pound, 1 pound russet baking potatoes about 2 medium, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons salt, Freshly grated nutmeg, 5 ounces about 12 cup fresh robiola or mascarpone], title: 36 individual puddings, picturelink: null}, 58343: {instructions: For the rice: Heat a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat in a saucepot with tight fitting lid. To the melted butter, add the orzo and lightly toast. Add the onion and cook to soften, 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and 1 12 cups of stock and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 15 minutes. Preheat the broiler.nFor the beef: Heat a cast iron griddle or a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Coat flank steaks in extravirgin olive oil and season liberally with salt and pepper. When the grill is very hot, cook the meat 10 to 12 minutes for mediumrare or 15 minutes for medium, turning occasionally. When the meat has been cooking for about 5 minutes, start the sauce in a small saucepot over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, garlic, shallot, chile pepper, and oregano. Stir 2 to 3 minutes, and then add the butter. When the butter melts, stir in the lemon juice and remove from heat.nFor the rice: Add the remaining splash of stock along with the spinach to a food processor and process to a fine chop. Stir the spinach into the rice and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper. Cover, turn off the heat, and let stand 2 more minutes. Fluff the rice with fork and stir in the feta.nFor the tomatoes: Season halved tomatoes with salt and pepper and top with parsley. Drizzle the tomatoes liberally with extravirgin olive oil and broil 3 to 4 minutes. Allow the meat to rest a bit then very thinly slice against the grain. Serve the sliced steak with a side of rice, a spoon of sauce over top, and a 2 tomato halves per person., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup orzo, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 14 cup long grain rice, 2 cups chicken stock, 1 large bundle farm spinach, washed and dried, Freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup Greek feta crumbles, 2 1pound pieces flank steak 2pounds total, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for coating, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 red chile pepper, chopped or sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 lemon, juiced, 6 plum tomatoes, halved, A generous handful flatleaf parsley, thinly sliced], title: SpinachFeta Rice Pilaf, Sliced Steak with Oregano Sauce, and Broiled Tomatoes with Parsley, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 58344: {instructions: In a food processor, combine beans, lemon juice, cumin, oregano and tomatoes and puree until smooth. Thin with a few tablespoons of water, if necessary, to get desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper. Spoon into a large shallow bowl and smooth with a spatula.nStick carrot, celery sticks and sprouts around the edges of 12 of the bowl to make hair. Use tomatoes, broccoli, and cauliflower to make a face., ingredients: [1 14ounce can white beans, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, 14 cup peeled, diced tomatoes the canned kind, Salt, Pepper, Carrot sticks, Celery sticks, Bean sprouts, Cherry tomatoes, Broccoli florets, Cauliflower], title: Bean Dip with a Vegetable Face, picturelink: null}, 58345: {instructions: Add all of the ingredients to a slow cooker. Optional: You can saute the onions in a little olive oil before adding them. Cook at a low temperature for 6 to 12 hours until sauce reduces and thickens. A small amount of habanero pepper chopped or sauce, can be added for additional heat, to taste, at the end of cooking. Serve warm with pork BBQ and white bread or hamburger buns.nNote: Key ingredients are the fresh ginger, allspice, peppers, and tamarind. Also, the flavor is better and a little milder if it cooks longer., ingredients: [3 10ounce cans chicken stock, 2 12ounce beers, recommended: dark beer, 1 large white onion, chopped, 1 large red onion, chopped, 2 large green chile peppers, roasted and chopped, optional, 2 bunches green onions, chopped, 2 tablespoons fresh minced ginger, 1 4.5 ounce can chopped green chiles, 2 jalapeno peppers, roasted and chopped, optional, 4 tablespoons tamarind concentrate, 23 cup molasses, 4 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 12 tablespoons ground allspice, 4 teaspoons ground black pepper, 4 teaspoons ground cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoons ground thyme, 3 teaspoons salt, 3 teaspoons turbinado sugar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar], title: Jamaican Jerk BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58346: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Sprinkle the brisket with the coarse salt and pepper. Dredge in flour to coat and shake off any excess. In a large Dutch oven heat oil over high heat. Sear the meat until browned on all sides. Set aside. Reduce heat to moderate and add the carrots and onions. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute 2 minutes longer. Return the meat to the pan along with all remaining ingredients except the salt and garnishes. Bring to a boil, cover the pot and transfer to the oven. Bake for 2 12 hours, or until the meat slips off a fork when pierced. Lift out the brisket and place on a cutting board. Cover with a damp towel. Pour the broth with vegetables into a tall container and skim off the layer of fat that rises. Remove and discard the bay leaves and chiles. Pour the broth and vegetables into a blender or a food processor fitted with the metal blade. Puree until smooth, add salt to taste and strain. Reheat the sauce. Slice the brisket against the grain and arrange on a platter. Pour the warm sauce over it, sprinkle with sliced scallions and serve., ingredients: [3 12 pounds beef brisket, 1 tablespoon coarse salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground pepper, Flour for dredging, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 large carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch lengths, 2 medium onions, chopped, 10 garlic cloves, peeled and minced, 3 dried chipotle or morita chiles, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 quarts chicken stock or water, 5 bay leaves, Salt to taste, 4 scallions, white and light green parts, thinly sliced on the diagonal, for garnish], title: Mexican Beef Brisket, picturelink: null}, 58347: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the tomatoes into a roasting pan, drizzle with some olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the tomatoes have collapsed, about 30 minutes. Remove them from the oven and let them cool.nDrizzle the garlic with olive oil, wrap it in foil, and bake it until soft, about 30 minutes. When cool enough to handle, squeeze the soft garlic onto a cutting board. Strip the needles from the rosemary, add them to the garlic, and chop them together. Pour 1 cup olive oil into a small bowl add the garlic and rosemary mixture and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper and mix well. Set aside until ready to grill.nChar the outside of the pepper under the broiler or over a gas flame. Put it into a bowl and cover it with plastic wrap. When cool enough to handle, peel, seed, and chop and put it into a blender. Add the mayonnaise and chili paste process until smooth. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper refrigerate until ready to use. Can be made the day before.nHeat the grill. Remove the meat from the refrigerator about 12 hour before you are going to grill it. Brush it with some of the flavored olive oil and season it generously with salt and pepper. Grill the tenderloin, turning frequently, until the meat is rare or medium rare, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to a platter and let it rest for 5 minutes, brushing it with the flavored olive oil. Cut the beef into thin slices.nTo serve, put some of the flavored mayonnaise onto a piece of focaccia toast. Top it with a thin slice of the beef and spoon on some of the roasted tomatoes. Garnish with some arugula leaves and serve.nCooks note: Have your butcher clean the fat and silver skin from the tenderloin and tie it., ingredients: [2 pounds cherry tomatoes, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads garlic, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 cups good quality mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons hot chili paste, 1 whole beef tenderloin, about 6 to 8 pounds, 2 loaves focaccia bread, sliced and toasted, Baby arugula, for garnish], title: Grilled Beef Tenderloin on Focaccia Toasts, picturelink: JJhfxD3x7FcbqExeDzZD.xK3QJvARwa}, 58348: {instructions: In a blender combine half of each ingredient, including: mango, bananas, strawberries, carrots, ice cubes, honey and yogurt and blend until smooth. Pour into a glass and serve immediately. Repeat process for remaining ingredients., ingredients: [1 mango, peeled, seeded and chopped, 2 bananas, peeled and chopped, 8 large strawberries, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 cups ice cubes, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 cup yogurt, optional], title: MegaSmoothie, picturelink: null}, 58349: {instructions: In a medium bowl mix together the garlic, ginger and onion with the lime juice. Stir in remaining ingredients and season to taste. Serve with chips, seafood and vegetables, ingredients: [1 clove garlic, diced, 1 tablespoon ginger root, diced, 12 medium Spanish onion, diced, 1 splash Roses lime juice, 1 tangerine, peeled and diced, 12 pear, cored and diced, 4 strips dry mango, diced, 3 sprigs watercress, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dried mint, crumbled, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Seans Sweet Salsa, picturelink: null}, 58350: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss tomato, feta, oregano, hearts of palm, and portobello until well combined.nLay 1 sheet of phyllo dough on a clean work surface and brush lightly with tomato paste. Top with another sheet of the phyllo dough. Take 14 of the mushroom mixture and place it on the phyllo dough, about 1inch from 1 end, leaving a border at the bottom and top. Fold the bottom of the sheet to cover the filling, then fold the top of the sheet so that it covers the filling. Now roll the unfolded end over the filling so that a packet is formed around the filling and there are not open sides. Set on a wire rack placed on top of a cookie sheet. Repeat process 3 more times. After you have finished the 4 packets, lightly spray once with the canola oil cooking spray. Bake for 15 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 medium tomato, diced, 1ounce feta cheese, crumbled approximately 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 14 cup hearts of palm, packed in water, drained and diced about 14 of a 14ounce can, 1 large portobello mushroom, diced, 8 sheets phyllo dough, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 spray canola oil cooking spray], title: Portobello Mushroom Phyllo Packets, picturelink: null}, 58351: {instructions: In a medium bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, and salt. Whisk to evenly combine.nIn a large bowl, using a handheld mixer, or in the bowl of a stand mixer, using the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, stopping the mixer once or twice to scrape down the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating after each until thoroughly incorporated. Add the vanilla. Scrape the bowl again and mix for a few more seconds. On low speed, add 12 the dry ingredients. Beat until combined. Add the remaining dry ingredients and beat just until the flour is completely absorbed into the dough.nTurn the dough onto the table, gather it together, and knead gently into a smooth mass. Form it into a log and divide into 3 even parts. Flatten each section into a patty about 12inch thick and cover each with plastic wrap. Chill until firm, at least 2 hours or up to 3 days. The dough may also be frozen for up to 1 month.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Let the dough sit at room temperature, still covered, for about 20 minutes to soften slightly. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough to slightly more than 18inch thick.nCut out shapes with cookie cutters, as close together as possible, and use a palate knife or metal spatula to transfer to ungreased baking sheets, placing them about 1inch apart. Repeat with the remaining pieces of dough. Press the scraps together, roll them out, and cut, always brushing off any excess flour, until all used up.nBake cookies for about 17 minutes, or until the edges begin to turn golden. Let sit for 5 minutes, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a bowl using a handheld mixer, begin to beat the egg whites and sugar on low speed. Be sure the bowl and beaters are free of any fat and that there is no egg yolk in the whites. After 30 seconds or so, scrape down the bowl with a rubber spatula and gradually increase the speed of the mixer to medium. Beat until the mixer thickens and stiffens, about 3 minutes.nSTORING ICING: Keep Royal Icing in an airtight container. To prevent a crust from forming while using the icing, keep the container covered with a damp towel or plastic wrap. Royal Icing will keep refrigerated for up to 2 days. Before reusing, lightly beat with a whisk or fork.nYield: 2 12 cups icing to cover about 4 to 6 dozen 3inch cookiesnRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [3 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 23 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Royal Icing Cookie Paint, recipe follows, 3 large egg whites, at room temperature, 1 pound 1 box confectioners sugar], title: Snappy Sugar Cookies, picturelink: null}, 58352: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, place the bread cubes, raisins, apple, banana, and nuts if using and toss to combine.nIn a medium bowl with a whisk, combine the eggs, sugar, spices, vanilla, milk, and coffee. Pour the egg mixture over the bread cube mixture and let sit 15 minutes. Pour into a 2inch deep greased baking pan and bake for 45 minutes.nTo serve, pour the Bourbon Sauce over the bread pudding. For individual servings, place large spoonfuls of the bread pudding into ovenproof dessert dishes and ladle the sauce over liberally. Place bread pudding under the broiler and broil until bubbly and caramelized.nIn a mixer with a whip attachment, cream the butter and sugar together then mix in the eggs well. Transfer this to a double boiler and begin to heat it over very low heat. Stir with a wooden spoon until it is loose enough to fall from the spoon. Add the bourbon and stir in. Place the mixture in a heavy saucepan and cook it at a very, very, very low temperature for 2 hours. This maybe more sauce than you will need, but it tastes best cooked in this size., ingredients: [1 34 loaf dayold French bread, crusts cut off and cubed, 12 cup raisins, 1 apple, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 banana, diced, 12 cup walnuts or pecans, optional, 3 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup milk, 1 cup coffee, Bourbon Sauce, recipe follows, 16 tablespoons butter, 2 cups sugar, 2 eggs, 2 cups bourbon], title: Bourbon Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 58353: {instructions: 1. Mix ground beef and u00bc cup of the marinade in medium bowl until well blended. Shape into 4 patties.n2. Grill burgers over medium heat 5 to 7 minutes per side or until burgers are cooked through internal temperature of 160u00b0F. Add cheese slices during last 1 minute of cooking. Meanwhile grill vegetables 5 to 10 minutes or until tender, turning occasionally and brushing with remaining u00bd cup marinade.n3. Slice mushrooms and pepper into thin strips. Serve with burgers on rolls., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, u00be cup Lawrysu00ae Steak  Chop Marinade with Garlic  Cracked Black Pepper, 2 medium portobello mushrooms, stems removed, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and quartered lengthwise, 1 yellow bell pepper, 4 slices Pepper Jack cheese, 4 slices Monterey Jack cheese, 4 hamburger rolls], title: Steak and Chop Burger, picturelink: YfzGatz8ipwDjKtUW2Bb4WVhOZJYIi}, 58354: {instructions: Arrange flour tortillas on a table. Six of the tortillas will be sandwich tops and 6 will be bottoms. Sprinkle the turkey sausage evenly on 6 bottom tortillas. Next, sprinkle 4 to 5 ounces of mozzarella cheese over the turkey sausage. As the quesadillas cook, the cheese will melt and act as glue to hold the quesadilla together. Add 5 or 6 strips of red bell pepper over the mozzarella and turkey sausage. Finally, spread a thin layer of basil pesto on each of the remaining 6 flour tortilla tops and press it firmly on top of the bottom tortilla section.nPreheat your grill to low heat. Place the quesadillas on the grill and cook until grill marks are present and the quesadilla turns golden brown, about 5 minutes. The inside should be warm and the cheese should be melted. Once finished cooking, remove the quesadilla from the grill, cut into 6 wedges, and serve with your favorite salsa.nPlace the chicken broth and chipotle chiles with adobo sauce in a blender, and puree until smooth, about 1 minute. In a large skillet over medium high heat, begin cooking the turkey sausage. Then add in the chipotle chile mixture and cook until the meat is crumbly and well done, about 10 to 15 minutes. Toward the end of the cooking, add in your sage, oregano, cumin, salt, and pepper. Cool the sausage mixture before spooning it onto the tortillas.nPut the basil and olive oil into a food processor and blend until smooth. Next, add the pecans, Parmesan, and salt. Continue to blend until smooth, adding more olive oil, if necessary, to achieve a smooth consistency., ingredients: [12 10inch flour tortillas, 2 pounds turkey sausage, recipe follows, 1 12 pound mozzarella, shredded, 34 cup roasted red bell peppers, cut into 14inch long strips, 1 cup basil pesto, recipe follows, 23 cup chicken broth, 2 ounces chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, 2 pounds ground turkey, 1 tablespoon ground sage, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 3 tablespoons salt, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, firmly packed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup pecans or pine nuts, 14 cup Parmesan, grated, 1 tablespoon salt], title: Southwestern Quesadilla, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 58355: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9 by 13 by 2inch baking dish. In a large bowl whisk together eggs, 12 cup melted butter, sour cream, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon cinnamon nutmeg. Toss in the noodles, raisins and orange zest. Pour mixture into prepared pan. In a small bowl mix together remaining 14 cup sugar with 12 teaspoon cinnamon. Sprinkle sugar mixture over noodles. Top with 14 cup melted butter. Bake for 45 minutes or until set., ingredients: [3 eggs, lightly beaten, 34 cup melted butter, divided, 1 cup sour cream, 34 cup sugar, divided, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 pound egg noodles, cooked, drained, 1 cup black raisins, 12 orange, zested], title: Marc Silverstein Noodle Kugel, picturelink: null}, 58356: {instructions: Special equipment: a slow cooker a deepfrying thermometernFor the pulled pork: Combine the pork, barbecue sauce, brown sugar, chili powder, chipotle powder, lager, 3 tablespoons vinegar, 2 teaspoons salt and the onions in a 6quart slow cooker. Cook on high power for 6 hours.nWith a slotted spoon, transfer the pork to a cutting board and shred using two forks. Transfer to a bowl and add enough of the liquid from the slow cooker to generously moisten. Stir in the scallions and a splash of vinegar and season with salt to taste.nFor the fried shallots and chiles: Set a cooling rack over a baking sheet and set aside. Add enough oil to a medium saucepan to fill by 2 inches. Over medium heat, bring the oil to 340 degrees F. Meanwhile, put the egg whites in a medium bowl and whisk with a fork until frothy. In a separate bowl, combine the flour with the chili powder, cumin and some salt and pepper. In batches, add the chiles and shallots to the bowl of egg whites and toss to coat. Remove from the egg whites, allowing excess liquid to drain off, then place into the flour. Put the coated chiles and shallots onto the prepared cooling rack. Fry in batches until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Remove to a papertowellined baking sheet and sprinkle with celery salt.nServe the pulled pork topped with fried shallots and chiles, or assemble into sandwiches:nAdd the pulled pork to 6 slices of bread, then top with fried chiles and shallots, pickles and the remaining 6 slices bread., ingredients: [3 pounds pork shoulder, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon chipotle powder, 6 ounces light lager beer, optional, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, plus a splash, Kosher salt, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 3 scallions, chopped, Vegetable oil, for frying, 2 egg whites, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 Fresno chiles, sliced crosswise into rings, 4 large shallots, sliced crosswise into rings, Celery salt, for seasoning, 12 slices white sandwich bread, pickles, for serving], title: SlowCooker Pulled Pork with Fried Shallots and Chiles, picturelink: 3FZkazqac8ACYF.rywfZfP5SoMjKiV6}, 58357: {instructions: In a large saucepan heat the olive oil. When hot, add the onions, leeks, carrots and celery. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until tender if at any time the vegetables begin to stick to the bottom of the pan before they become tender, add some water.nAdd the tomatoes, saffron and water bring to a boil and simmer uncovered for 15 minutes or until the vegetables are tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Divide the soup base into 2 containers and freeze until you are ready to usenBring soup base to a simmer if there does not appear to be enough liquid in which to simmer all of the additional vegetables, then add some water. Add potaotes or white beans, zucchini and pasta, cover and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes or unilt all the ingredients are tender. Serve as is or with pistou or rouille see below.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 onion, finely diced, 1 to 2 leeks, washed and thinly sliced, 2 carrots, finely sliced, 1 stalk celery finely chopped, 2 cups chopped canned plum tomatoes, 12 teaspoon saffron, optional, 3 quarts water, 1 soup base 4 servings, 2 boiling potaotes, peeled and cut into 12 inch dice or 1 cup drained canned white beans, 1 cup seeded diced zucchini, 12 cup pasta like orzo or broken up vermicelli or spaghetti, Salt and pepper], title: Vegetable Soup, picturelink: null}, 58358: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the cranberries, apple, brown sugar, orange zest, orange juice, and 1 teaspoon of the cinnamon in a medium bowl. Set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the eggs on mediumhigh speed for 2 minutes. With the mixer on medium, add 1 cup of the granulated sugar, the butter, vanilla, and sour cream and beat just until combined. On low speed, slowly add the flour and salt.nPour the fruit mixture evenly into a 10inch glass pie plate. Pour the batter over the fruit, covering it completely. Combine the remaining 1 tablespoon of granulated sugar and 18 teaspoon of cinnamon and sprinkle it over the batter. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes out clean and the fruit is bubbling around the edges. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 ounces fresh cranberries, rinsed and picked over for stems, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and diced, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest 2 oranges, 14 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 18 teaspoons ground cinnamon, divided, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup plus 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, melted and slightly cooled, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup sour cream, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Easy Cranberry and Apple Cake, picturelink: YBldleMcw78.aIlsc73jJbh50gIKl.m}, 58359: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill or grill pan over mediumhigh heat.nFor the pork sliders: Combine the pork, parsley, scallion, garlic, 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Mix well and divide into 4 equal patties. Pat the patties dry with a paper towel and season both sides with more salt.nGrill the patties until cooked through and nice grill marks develop, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a platter to rest.nFor the grilled peach salsa: Lightly coat the cut sides of the peach halves with 1 tablespoon of the oil.nGrill the peaches cutside down until slightly softened and nice grill marks develop, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Transfer to a cutting board until cool enough to handle, then dice. Whisk together the balsamic vinegar, sugar, shallot, remaining 1 tablespoon oil and a pinch of salt in a large bowl. Tear the mint leaves into the bowl. Add the diced peaches and gently stir to combine.nPlace the pork patties on the buns and top with the grilled peach salsa., ingredients: [12 ounces ground pork, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped scallion, 1 large clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 peaches, halved and pitted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 small shallot, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 6 fresh mint leaves, 4 mini hamburger buns], title: Pork Sliders with Ariane Duarte, picturelink: 0JOEd4mRvS.npNm3tfve9js4sL0zia}, 58360: {instructions: Special equipment: Cannoli molds tubes for shaping shells during fryingnTo make the cannoli shells: In large bowl, mix together the flour, cocoa powder, and salt and cut in the margarine until evenly blended. Then gradually work in the wine and water to form a compact dough. Cover the dough with plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature for an hour. On a lightlyfloured surface, roll out the dough to 18inch thickness. Cut out 5inchwide circles and cover. Reroll the scrap dough to form more circles. In a deepfat fryer or heavybottomed saucepan, heat the oil to 350 degrees F. Wrap each circle onto a mold, sealing the two edges that overlap with a dab of water and by pressing together. Carefully immerse a few shells at a time, into the hot oil and fry until golden and crisp. Drain the shells on paper towels, let cool and remove the molds from the cannoli.nTo make the filling: In a bowl, whip up the ricotta and sugar until creamy. Add the grated chocolate. Mix thoroughly. Using a piping bag, pipe the filling into each shell, starting at the middle and working out towards each end. Garnish the ends of each cannoli with sliced candied fruit and then dust the cannoli with icing sugar., ingredients: [2 cups457 g flour, plus extra for dusting if needed, 2 tablespoons28 g cocoa powder, Pinch salt, 2 tablespoons28 g cold margarine, 12 cup118 ml white wine, 14 cup58 ml water, Extravirgin olive oil, for deepfrying, 1 12 pound680 g fresh sheeps milk ricotta cheese, 1 cup228 g sugar, 1 cup228 g grated bittersweet chocolate, Candied fruit, finely sliced, Icing sugar confectioners sugar], title: Cannoli Siciliani: Sicilian Cannoli, picturelink: null}, 58361: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove the neck and giblets from the cavity and rinse the chicken under cold water, inside and out. Pat dry thoroughly with paper towels. Season the body and cavity of the chicken generously with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, mix together the butter, lemon juice and chopped herbs. Rub the herbed butter all over the chicken. Put the lemon halves, onion, garlic and whole herbs inside the bird. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine to help hold its shape.nPlace the chicken, breast side down, on a Vrack in a roasting pan. Cooking the chicken on a rack helps make its skin crisp and keeps it from sticking to the bottom of the pan. Pour water in the roasting pan to prevent the fat drippings from burning and smoking.nRoast the chicken for about 20 minutes, then carefully turn the bird over breast side up. It is best to take the pan out of the oven, close the oven door to maintain the temperature, and rotate the chicken on the counter. Baste the chicken all over with the pan drippings. Turn the heat down to 375 degrees F and return the pan to the oven. Continue to roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh reads 165 degrees to 170 degrees F, count on this taking about 2 hours. Remove the chicken to a platter and let stand for 15 minutes so the juices settle back into the meat before carving.nMeanwhile, pour the drippings from the roasting pan into a gravy separator or measuring cup to let the fat rise to the top. Skim and discard the fat then return the pan juices back in the roasting pan. Place the roasting pan on top of the stove over medium heat. Add the sherry and deglaze, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Season with salt and pepper, and serve with chicken., ingredients: [1 whole 8 pound capon chicken, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 14 pound unsalted butter, softened, 2 lemons, cut in half, plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup fresh chopped herbs, such as tarragon, thyme or savory, 1 onion, cut in half, 4 garlic cloves, smashed, Fresh whole herbs, such as tarragon leaves, thyme and savory sprigs, 2 cups water, 14 cup sherry], title: Golden OvenRoasted Capon, picturelink: null}, 58362: {instructions: In a large stockpot, combine the onions, carrots and celery. Toss in the parsley, thyme and bay leaf and add the chicken parts or bones. Add enough cold water to cover the chicken by 3 inches. Bring to a boil over medium heat, lower the heat immediately so the stock simmers very gently. Skim the surface of any foam, scum, or fat, with a ladle, as often as necessary. Simmer, uncovered for 4 hours. Strain into a large bowl or storage containers. Cool the liquid to room temperature before refrigerating. The fastest way to cool containers of stock is in an ice water bath in the sink. Refrigerate for 2 or 3 days or freeze for up to 3 months. Remove any solidified fat that rises to the surface before using., ingredients: [2 large onions, quartered, 2 medium carrots, quartered, 2 stalks celery with leaves, quartered, 10 sprigs parsley, 4 sprigs fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried, 1 bay leaf, 5 pounds chicken bones, wings, backs, legs, wings, or a mixture, trimmed of excess fat], title: Chicken Stock, picturelink: null}, 58363: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTrim the dark brown outer crust from the panettone optional. Cut the rest of the loaf in 1inch cubes and place on a sheet pan in a single layer. Toast the panettone for 10 minutes, until lightly browned.nGrease a 9 by 12 by 2inch baking dish with the butter. Place the panettone cubes in the baking dish.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the whole eggs, egg yolks, halfandhalf, vanilla and almond extracts and sugar. Pour this custard mixture over the panettone. Set aside for 10 minutes so the bread soaks up the custard. Scatter the sliced almonds over the top of the pudding.nPlace the baking dish into a larger pan and add very hot tap water to the larger pan until its halfway up the side of the baking dish. Cover the larger pan with aluminum foil, tenting the foil so it doesnt touch the pudding. Cut a few holes in the foil to allow steam to escape. Bake the pudding for 45 minutes. Uncover and bake for 40 to 45 more minutes, until the custard is set and the top of the pudding is light golden brown. Allow to cool for 15 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 Italian panettone, about 1.2 pounds, Unsalted butter, for greasing the dish, 3 extralarge whole eggs, 8 extralarge egg yolks, 5 cups halfandhalf, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon pure almond extract, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup sliced almonds], title: Panettone Bread Pudding, picturelink: iOZDfsVuJPN4eeRUs4QHboa.UbmSS}, 58364: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the pie crust mix and 13 cup cold apple cider until it forms a ball. Wrap in plastic wrap and chill one hour in the refrigerator.nPeel and core the pear and chop into approximately 12 inch pieces, reserve 1 cup for Round 2 Recipe Cabbage and Pear Slaw, toss with a splash of lemon juice to prevent browningnIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the butter, brown sugar and pumpkin pie spice. When it is melted, add the pears. Cook until the pears are slightly softened and the liquid thickens, about 5 to 6 minutes. Let cool.nOn a floured surface or on parchment paper, roll out the chilled dough into a 12inchby10inch rectangle. Spread the cooled pear mixture in the middle of the rectangle, fold in the short ends, and roll the crust over enclosing the pear mixture. Place the strudel, seam side down, onto a baking sheet.nIn a small bowl beat the egg with a tablespoon of water. In another small bowl mix together the remaining 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice and sugar. Brush the strudel with the egg wash and sprinkle with half the spiced sugar. Make five small slits on top to let the steam escape. Bake until golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool for 30 minutes.nWhen you are ready to serve, whip the cream with the remaining pumpkin pie spice and sugar mixture. Serve the strudel topped with whipped cream., ingredients: [1  9ounce box pie crust mix, 13 cup apple cider, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, for rolling, 4 pears, such as Red Bartlett, splash of lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 12 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, divided, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Pear Strudel, picturelink: null}, 58365: {instructions: Preheat a grill pan over high heat for 3 to 4 minutesnCombine the mustard, onion powder, garlic powder, salt, cayenne and allspice in a small bowl. Rub the flank steak all over with the mix and let sit for 10 minutes.nPut the steak on the hot grill and cook 5 minutes per side. Remove and let rest 10 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 14 teaspoon allspice, 3 pounds flank steak], title: Dry Rubbed Flank Steak, picturelink: 5tcWDjssCU0KDZ.scCBKxRXTWRYVCS}, 58366: {instructions: Let the steak come to room temperature for 30 minutes. Preheat the grill to high heat.nSprinkle the steak generously with salt and pepper on both sides and grill over high heat, about 6 minutes per side. Youre looking for a nice crust on each side, but to be true to the Fiorentina method, it should be rare on the inside. If you prefer not to eat your meat rare, cook it a little longer on each side, about 8 minutes per side for medium and longer for well done.nThen let it rest for about 10 minutes before you carve into it.nCut the steak off of the bone, carving the strip off on one side and the filet off on the other. Then slice the meat against the grain and serve it on a cutting board or platter with the bone true Fiorentina style., ingredients: [One 2 14inchthick porterhouse steak, Sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Bistecca alla Fiorentina, picturelink: null}, 58367: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 4ounce moldsnIn a saucepan, over medium heat, combine the heavy cream, vanilla bean, seeds and orange zest. Bring the liquid to a simmer and cook until its reduced to 1 12 cups.nIn the meantime place the gelatin sheets in a bowl and cover with cold water, about 5 minutes. Pour off water and squeeze any excess water from the softened gelatin sheets. Remove the cream mixture from heat. Whisk in the confectioners sugar until fully incorporated. Whisk in the softened gelatin sheets, milk, and orange juice and let stand for 3 minutes. Stir to ensure that the gelatin sheets are well dissolved. Strain through a very fine sieve into a medium mixing bowl.nPlace mixture in an ice bath, stirring continually for about 3 minutes to allow it to thicken slightly. Gently stir in half of the whipped heavy cream and then gently fold in the remaining cream. Divide the mixture into the individual molds, filling the molds 14inch from the top. Refrigerate for 1 hour, or until the panna cottas have cooled completely and the gelatin has set.nTo unmold the panna cotta, take the molds directly from the refrigerator and carefully dip them in hot water for 15 seconds. Run a sharp knife around the sides of the mold. Invert the molds over a plate and serve immediately with Sugared Champagne Grapes.nSugared Champagne Grapes:nWhisk together the powdered egg white and water until frothy and light. Brush the champagne grapes lightly with the egg white mixture and roll in 12 cup of the sugar. Place the sugared grapes on a bed of the remaining sugar and dry at room temperature for several hours., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, plus 34 cup heavy cream, whipped to very soft peaks, 12 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, 2 oranges, zested about 14 cup, 3 sheets gelatin, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 14 cup milk, 14 cup fresh orange juice, Sugared Champagne Grapes, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon powdered egg white, 2 tablespoons lukewarm water, 1 bunch fresh Champagne grapes, 1 cup superfine or caster sugar, available at fine food and bake shops], title: Orange Panna Cotta, picturelink: null}, 58368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a large roasting pan, place the butt fat side up. Pour the liquid smoke evenly over, and then sprinkle with the rub. Cover the pan with plastic wrap, and then tin foil, crimping the foil around the edges to seal tight. If you need 2 pieces of tin foil to cover the pan, make sure to fold them together to seal the joint. Bake for 10 hours, or until the bone pulls out easily.nPull the meat apart, reserving any juices. Serve right away or put in ziptop freezer bags and cool flat in the fridge or freezer. Reheat in a slow cooker, the oven, or in individual portions in the microwave. Enjoy with your favorite sauce and slaw., ingredients: [1 bonein pork butt, 1 bottle liquid smoke, 14 cup your favorite pork rub], title: Pulled Pork at Home, picturelink: xEvG1Ildh802Ntld4H68S770JjPDJm}, 58369: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nCut the onions and turnips into quarters. Toss the onions, and turnips, carrots, and fennel lightly in oil and place them on baking sheets. Roast the vegetables for 30 minutes, stirring every 10 minutes. When vegetables are a dark caramel color, remove them from the oven. Reserve 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 turnip, and the stalk of fennel set aside. Put the remainder of the vegetables in a large pot with the chicken stock, garlic, orange juice, apple cider, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, star anise, cumin seeds, orange zest, salt and pepper. Cook the broth over high heat until reduced by about half.nWhile the broth is simmering, remove the skin and excess fat from the leg of lamb and cut the meat into 1inch cubes. Put the cubes on a wire rack to drain or on a clean towel to soak up excess moisture. Add some of the cooking oil to a large heavy skillet and heat over high heat. When the oil is hot, carefully add the diced lamb. Cook the lamb, in batches as necessary, for 3 minutes on each side, or until browned. Transfer the lamb to a roasting pan. Add the wine to the skillet that the lamb was cooked in and cook, over high heat, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Cook the wine until reduced by about half and the solids have come up off the pan. Pour the reduced wine over the lamb.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Strain the broth and discard the solids. Pour the broth over the lamb in the roasting pan. Cover the pan with a lid or parchment paper and braise until the lamb is tender, about 1 12 hours.nOnce the lamb is tender, remove it from the oven and add the reserved roasted vegetables to the pan. Place the roasting pan over medium heat on the stovetop and bring to a simmer. Add salt, pepper, and fresh herbs, to taste. Serve the stew with rustic bread on the side., ingredients: [1 cup cooking oil, divided, 1 12 gallons chicken stock, 12 head garlic, 14 gallon orange juice, 14 gallon apple cider, 14 cup coriander seeds, 18 cup fennel seeds, 1 star anise, 2 tablespoons cumin seeds, 18 cup orange zest, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 leg of lamb, 3 cups dry white wine, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Your choice fresh herbs, minced, to taste, 5 yellow onions, 2 turnips, 5 carrots, 1 stalk fennel], title: Lamb Stew, picturelink: JWjJTPf4FkwjfsBMVqcUIsDeuS5LDV2}, 58370: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nMake the crust: Mix the melted butter, oats, flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and salt in a large bowl until combined. Press the mixture evenly into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Bake until the edges start browning, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool while you prepare the other layers.nMake the filling: Combine the apples, granulated sugar and cinnamon in a large bowl. Combine the caramels and heavy cream in a large microwavesafe bowl. Microwave in 30second intervals until melted stir until smooth. Add the apple mixture to the caramel mixture and gently stir to coat. Pour evenly on top of the crust.nMake the streusel: Combine the flour, macadamia nuts, brown sugar, melted butter, cinnamon and salt in a large bowl. Squeeze small handfuls of the mixture and scatter over the filling. Bake until the caramel is bubbling and the streusel starts browning, 30 to 35 minutes. Transfer to a rack and let cool at least 1 hour. Serve with ice cream.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the dish, 2 cups oldfashioned oats, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of kosher salt, 4 Granny Smith apples, peeled and chopped into small pieces, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 50 chewy caramels, unwrapped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 34 cup coarsely chopped macadamia nuts, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of kosher salt, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Caramel Apple Crumble, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 58371: {instructions: Grate the zucchini and potatoes and toss in the lemon juice to prevent browning. Squeeze the zucchini and potatoes through towels or a sieve. It is imperative that you get almost all the moisture out of the vegetables. Add the scallions, cheese, garlic, 12 cup of the parsley, salt and pepper, sugar, flour, and eggs and toss to make sure that the ingredients are well mixed. Heat a 12 inch of peanut oil in a pan until hot and add thin silver dollarsize pancakes, frying over high heat until golden brown and crispy. When serving, sprinkle with a little more salt and the remaining chopped parsley., ingredients: [2 pounds zucchini, 12 pound russet potatoes, peeled, 12 tablespoon lemon juice, I cup chopped scallions, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 34 cup chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 tablespoon pepper, 2 teaspoons sugar, 13 cup flour, 2 medium eggs, Peanut oil for frying], title: Zucchini Parmesan Latkes, picturelink: null}, 58372: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in large skillet. Season steaks with salt, pepper and thyme and add to hot pan. Sear 2 minutes per side, until golden brown. Add bourbon and cook 1 minute. Add 12 cup of the beef broth and bring to a simmer. Cook 2 minutes, until cooked to medium. Remove steaks from pan and transfer 4 of them to a serving platter. Reserve 4 steaks for another meal.nDissolve cornstarch in remaining beef broth and add to pan. Simmer 1 minute, until sauce thickens. Spoon sauce over steaks before serving.nIn a medium saucepan, bring chicken broth to a boil. Add rice, almonds, cranberries and herb seasoning, reduce heat to low, cover and cook 5 minutes, until liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat, stir in parsley and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 8 boneless steaks, such as fillet or ribeye, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried thyme, 12 cup bourbon, 1 cup reducedsodium beef broth, divided, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 2 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 cups instant brown rice, 12 cup slivered almonds, lightly toasted, 12 cup dried cranberries, 2 teaspoons saltfree garlic and herb seasoning, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, optional], title: Seared Steaks with BourbonThyme Pan Sauce, Rice Pilaf with Cranberries and Almonds, picturelink: OKQDsrld0isr5Z0nMR3RrLOIlLlosS}, 58373: {instructions: To prepare the panna cotta: In a saucepan over medium heat, combine 1 cup of the cream and the gelatin, sugar, cinnamon sticks, and vanilla bean. Heat the mixture, stirring constantly, until the gelatin has dissolved, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl, and whisk in the remaining 3 cups cream. Remove and discard the cinnamon sticks. Scrape the seeds from the center of the vanilla bean into the cream mixture, and then discard the bean. Add the candied ginger, and whisk well. Let cool until tepid.nIn the bowl of a heavyduty mixer, whip the egg whites at high speed until they hold soft peaks. Gently fold the egg whites into the cream mixture. Lightly butter eight 8ounce ramekins. Divide the mixture among the ramekins. Chill, uncovered, for at least 4 hours, or up to 24 hours.nTo prepare the compote: Heat the butter in a large saute pan over high heat until melted and bubbly. Add the berries and saute for 2 minutes. Add the sugar and liqueur and cook until the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Be careful: The liqueur may ignite. If it does, cool the berry mixture until the flames die down. Add the ginger and cinnamon, mix well, and cook 2 to 3 minutes longer. Let cool for about 5 minutes.nTo serve: Run a knife around the sides of the ramekins, and turn each one over onto a plate to release the panna cotta. Top with about 14 cup of the warm compote and a dollop of whipped cream. Garnish with a mint sprig., ingredients: [4 cups heavy whipping cream, 2 teaspoons unflavored gelatin, 12 cup sugar, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 vanilla bean, split in half lengthwise, 2 teaspoons minced candied ginger, 5 egg whites, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups blackberries, rinsed, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup blackberry or raspberry liqueur, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, whipped, as an accompaniment, Mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Panna Cotta with Blackberry Compote, picturelink: null}, 58374: {instructions: In a large pitcher combine all the ingredients and mix until the sugar has dissolved. Pour into tall glasses and garnish with a slice of lemon and a slice of lime., ingredients: [1 12 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice from about 10 lemons, 1 12 cups freshly squeezed lime juice from about 15 limes, 1 cup superfine sugar, 12 cup honey, 3 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger, 4 cups cold water, Crushed ice, 1 lemon, thinly sliced for garnish, 1 lime, thinly sliced for garnish], title: Ginas PuckerUp Lemon Limeade, picturelink: null}, 58375: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the eggplant in half and scoop out the center, leaving enough meat inside the skin so that it holds its shape when baked. Boil the scoopedout center part until very soft, about 10 to 12 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium saute pan heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over medium heat. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Add the seasoned ground beef to the pan and saute until all of its liquid is evaporated and the beef begins to brown slightly. Drain the beef, removing the extra, unnecessary fat. Let cool briefly and chop the cooked beef so that there are no large chunks of meat. In another medium saute pan over medium heat add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and saute the onions, peppers and garlic together.nIn a bowl mix together the cooked eggplant, vegetables, cooked beef, herbs, 1 cup of the cheese, bread crumbs, and the egg.nFill the scoopedout eggplant halves with this mixture, dividing it evenly among the 2 halves.nTop with chopped tomatoes and the remaining 14 cup of grated cheese, season with salt and pepper, place on an oiled oven tray or baking dish, and bake for 50 minutes in preheated oven. Let cool briefly, slice widthwise and serve., ingredients: [1 large eggplant, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 12 pound ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 onion, small diced, 1 red pepper, small diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, chopped, 1 14 cup grated Pecorino Romano, divided, 14 cup bread crumbs, 1 egg, 2 chopped tomatoes], title: Moms Stuffed Eggplant, picturelink: P8VVbMCV0PtZMYs1h0rnbC1Yp1v30oS}, 58376: {instructions: Place the diced potatoes into a pot covered with cold water, set over medium heat and bring to a boil. Cook the potatoes for 12 minutes or until softened but still firm, drain, and spread out on a cookie sheet to cool quickly for 5 minutes. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet, add the onion and cook to a light golden color before adding the blanched potatoes. Cook the potatoes and onions for 4 to 5 minutes or until the potatoes begin to brown. Add the julienned mushrooms to the skillet and cook for 3 to 4 additional minutes.nSeason the vegetable mixture with salt and pepper, remove using a slotted spoon, and add the cubed beef to the hot oil in one even layer. Brown the beef over high heat, turning only when one side has browned, and browning all sides evenly and quickly to maintain a medium rare interior. The beef should brown in approximately 7 to 8 minutes. Season the beef with salt and pepper. Add the chili puree, tomato dice and cilantro. Add the cooked onion potato mushroom mix back to the pan and stir to combine. Press down along the edges so that a crust forms along the bottom. Turn the cooked hash out onto a plate and garnish with warm blanched sugar snap peas. Serve {optional} with poached quail eggs., ingredients: [2 russet potatoes, peeled, diced, 14 cup olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, peeled and diced, 14 pound shiitake mushroom caps, julienned, 2 pounds top round of beef, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chili pepper puree ancho, new mexico or california, 12 cup fresh plum tomato dice, seedless, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 12 cup sugar snap peas, blanched and julienned], title: Roast Beef and Wild Mushroom Hash, picturelink: null}, 58377: {instructions: Stir together celery, olives, parsley, garlic, tomatoes, 4 tablespoons oil, vinegar, and pepper in a bowl.nnCut bread horizontally in half with a serrated knife. Remove soft centers of both halves to make room for filling, leaving 12inchthick shell. Drizzle both halves with remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Spread half of the olive mixture in each half of bread, gently pressing down to help adhere. Layer cheese, salami and ham on bottom half of bread. Cover with top half of bread. Wrap sandwich well in plastic wrap, then foil. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours.nnLet sandwich stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before cutting into wedges., ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped celery, 13 cup kalamata olives 2 ounces, pitted and finely chopped, 13 cup green Italian olives 2 ounces, pitted and finely chopped, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 small garlic clove, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped tomatoes, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 round soft country loaf about 10 inches 1 pound, 13 pound thinly sliced provolone, 13 pound thinly sliced Genoa salami, 13 pound thinly sliced ham], title: Muffuletta, picturelink: null}, 58378: {instructions: In a skillet, melt butter and cook onion over medium heat. Stir in red pepper flakes. Stir in grated squash and toss to coat. Pour in chicken stock and cook, stirring occasionally, For 7 to 10 minutes. Toss in parsley and salt. Serve warm., ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped onion, Red pepper flakes, to taste, 1 butternut squash, peeled, seeded and grated, 14 cup chicken stock, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley, Salt, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Grated Spicy Butternut Squash, picturelink: null}, 58379: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large skillet, saute zucchini and tomatoes in olive oil over medium heat for 5 minutes. Remove skillet from heat and stir in vinegar and scallions. Sprinkle with pepper.nArrange fish steaks in one layer in a medium oiled baking dish. Pour tomato and zucchini mixture over fish. Bake for 15 minutes or until fish is done.nRecipe provided by Low Cholesterol Olive Oil Cookbook, ingredients: [14 cup Filippo Beriou00ae Olive Oil, 1 medium zucchini, diced, 2 medium tomatoes, diced, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly minced scallions, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound fish steaks, 1 inch thick], title: Baked Fish With Zucchini, picturelink: null}, 58380: {instructions: For the pigs in blankets: Combine 13 cup warm water 110 to 115 degrees F and the brown sugar in a medium bowl. Sprinkle the yeast over the water, and let stand until foamy, about 10 minutes. Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, Cajun seasoning and 12 teaspoon kosher salt in a small bowl. Add the flour mixture and the butter to the yeast, and mix with a fork until a dough forms.nTurn the dough out onto a flourdusted surface, and knead by hand until smooth, about 5 minutes, using more flour as needed. Coat the inside of a medium bowl with cooking spray add the dough to the bowl, and cover. Let the dough rise in a warm spot until doubled in size, 1 to 1 12 hours.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with cooking spray. Make a slit down the length of each andouille link, cutting about halfway through, and stuff each with 1 tablespoon shredded cheese.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Roll into an 8by18inch rectangle, about 18 inch thick. Cut lengthwise into 8 strips. Discard the 2 outer strips with the most uneven edges.nWrap a strip of dough around an andouille link, coiling the strip from 1 end of the link to the other, leaving a 14inch space between dough turns and leaving the ends of the sausage slightly exposed. Set on the prepared baking sheet, and repeat with the remaining dough and andouille. Brush the tops and sides with the beaten egg. Bake until golden brown, 18 to 22 minutes.nFor the remoulade sauce: Meanwhile, stir together the mayonnaise, cornichons, mustard, ketchup, scallions and hot sauce in a small bowl. Refrigerate until ready to serve.nTo serve: Cut each pig in a blanket into 4 pieces with a serrated knife. Serve with the remoulade sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting and kneading, 12 cup fine yellow cornmeal, 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Cooking spray, 6 links andouille sausage 1 pound 2 ounces, 6 tablespoons shredded pepper Jack cheese or Cheddar, 1 large egg, beaten, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped cornichons, 2 tablespoons grainy mustard, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons hot sauce], title: Cajun CornmealAndouille Pigs in Blankets, picturelink: pYZPJqQuEkPifj2UmnaD2L9Fy1hHu}, 58381: {instructions: Special equipment: A 6quart slow cookernCoat the inside of a 6quart slow cooker insert with nonstick cooking spray. Add 12 cups cold water, the oats, rice, barley, salt, nutmeg, orange peel and cinnamon stick, and stir to combine. Cover and cook on low heat until the grains are tender but still have a bite, about 8 hours.nThin out the porridge with hot water if desired. Ladle 1 cup of the porridge into twelve warm bowls and sprinkle each with 1 tablespoon cranberries, 1 tablespoon maple syrup and 1 tablespoon pecans. Top with some eggnog if using and serve warm., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 cup steelcut oats, 1 cup wild rice, 12 cup pearled barley or farro, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Two 4inch strips orange peel, 1 cinnamon stick, 34 cup dried cranberries, 34 cup pure maple syrup, 34 cup pecans, toasted and roughly chopped, Lowfat eggnog, for serving, optional], title: SlowCooker Healthy CranberryPecan Oatmeal Porridge, picturelink: pydJkfVBYUKNj1ywoGlSaCVdkXmaqxu}, 58382: {instructions: The night before, place the beans in a large bowl and add water to cover by 2 inches. Soak overnight in the refrigerator. The following day, drain the beans, rinse under cold water, and drain again.nHeat the 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large, heavybottomed pot over medium heat. Add the red onion and saute over mediumlow heat for 7 to 9 minutes, until wilted. Add the beans and enough water to cover them by 3 inches. Bring to a boil and skim off any foam that rises to the surface. Reduce the heat and simmer gently for 45 minutes, until tender. Drain the beans and onions and transfer to a mixing bowl.nMeanwhile, heat the 12 cup of olive oil in a 10 to 12inch saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the sundried tomatoes, garlic, rosemary, red pepper flakes, and prosciutto and cook for 4 to 5 minutes, until fragrant. Pour the hot oil mixture over the warm drained beans, tossing well. Allow to cool for 10 minutes only. While still warm, stir in the lemon zest, lemon juice, 2 teaspoons salt, and 1 teaspoon black pepper. Place in a large, shallow serving bowl, surround with arugula, taste for seasonings, and serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [34 pound dried cannellini beans, 2 tablespoons plus 12 cup good olive oil, 1 red onion, halved lengthwise and sliced into 14inchthick halfrounds, 2 ounces sundried tomatoes in oil, drained and smalldiced, 4 teaspoons minced garlic 4 cloves, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary leaves, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, smalldiced, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 lemons, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces baby arugula], title: White Bean and Arugula Salad, picturelink: PRwstYCOvEaXrvQXzgL4mRAStmHC3ti}, 58383: {instructions: In a 12inch saute pan, heat the olive oil over a mediumhigh flame until hot but not smoking. Add the onion and garlic and saute for a few minutes, until onion is translucent. Add a pinch of salt. Add the chopped tomatoes and their juices and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and let cook until the tomatoes begin to soften and break down, about 5 minutes. Place the bread slices in a bowl and cover with 2 cups water. Tear the bread into rough pieces and add to tomato mixture. Add the remaining water from the bowl. Continue simmering until all the bread has absorbed as much liquid as possible, yielding a baby foodlike consistency. Stir in the basil. Season, to taste, with pepper. Add extravirgin olive oil, if desired. Let the soup continue simmering for 10 more minutes, then serve immediately in warmed soup bowls. Garnish, to taste, with ParmigianoReggiano., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced, Pinch salt, 2 pounds fresh tomatoes, peeled, seeded and roughly chopped, 34pound dayold Italian bread, roughly sliced, 2 cups water, 1 cup basil leaves, chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, optional, Grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Pappa al Pomodoro, picturelink: null}, 58384: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a 13 by 9inch baking dish, combine the butter, maple syrup, brown sugar, and brandy. Peel the pears, halve lengthwise, and remove the seeds with a melon baller or teaspoon. Add the pears to the baking dish and coat with the maple mixture. Arrange the pears cutside down, and bake until tender, about 50 minutes, basting occasionally. Meanwhile, put the cranberries in a small bowl and cover with hot water set aside until plump. Drain and coarsely chop the cranberries.nTransfer the pears to plates. Pour the baking juices into a small bowl, and whisk in 1 or 2 teaspoons of water to blend into a sauce. Top each pear with a small scoop of frozen yogurt, and scatter granola and cranberries over the pears. Drizzle the syrup over the top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 cup maple syrup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons brandy, 8 ripe pears, either Anjou, Bartlett, or Comice, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 cups fatfree vanilla frozen yogurt, 14 cup granola], title: Maple Roasted Pears, picturelink: null}, 58385: {instructions: Put all but 1 cup cranberries in a saucepan. Add the lime juice, sugar, cumin, a pinch of salt, the jalapenos and brine and 14 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook, stirring occasionally, until the berries burst and the sauce thickens, 15 to 20 minutes.nStir in the remaining 1 cup cranberries and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lime zest. Let cool, then transfer to a serving dish and refrigerate at least 3 hours.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 pound cranberries about 4 cups, thawed if frozen, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lime, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, 14 cup chopped pickled jalapenos, plus 2 tablespoons brine from the jar], title: Jalapeno Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 58386: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Coat a shallow baking dish with cooking spray.nIn a small bowl, whisk together orange juice, lemon juice, brown sugar, chili powder, lemon zest, cumin, salt, and cayenne. Using tongs, add salmon fillets to the prepared pan. Pour the orange juice mixture over the salmon and turn to coat both sides. Roast for 15 minutes, until a fork can be easily inserted into the salmon., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 4 teaspoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, about 1inch thick], title: BarbecueRoasted Salmon, picturelink: null}, 58387: {}, 58388: {instructions: Cook bacon in 12inch nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, 4 minutes or until crisp. Remove bacon and reserve 2 tablespoons drippings. Combine cooked bacon with cheese set aside.nSeason chicken, if desired, with salt and black pepper. Cook chicken in reserved drippings over mediumhigh heat, turning once, then sprinkling with bacon mixture, 6 minutes or until chicken is thoroughly cooked. Remove chicken from skillet and keep warm. Meanwhile, heat sauce and olives in small saucepan over mediumlow heat.nAdd spinach and garlic to same skillet and cook, stirring frequently, 2 minutes or until spinach is wilted.nEvenly spoon hot Sauce onto serving plates. Top with spinach, then chicken. Garnish, if desired, with additional cheese., ingredients: [12 cup sliced green olives, 1 jar Bertolliu00ae Tomato  Basil Sauce, 1 package 10 oz. baby spinach leaves, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 6 slices bacon, chopped, 12 cup shredded Parmesan or Asiago cheese, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves about 1 lb.], title: Chicken and Bacon Florentine, picturelink: MycvZFzfNo7yQr3y4jQ8eWHrhy2hXky}, 58389: {instructions: To make the caramel: have ready a 2quart round flan mold and a large roasting pan. Combine 1 cup of the sugar and 2 tablespoons of water in a heavybottomed pot or pan. Place over mediumhigh heat and cook until the sugar begins to melt. Swirl the pan over the heat until the syrup darkens to a medium amber color, about 10 minutes dont stir with a spoon. Remove from the heat and immediately add the lemon juice, swirl the pan again to combine, and then pour into the flan mold. Tilt the dish so that the caramel evenly coats the bottom and a bit up the sides, place in the roasting pan and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F, bring a kettle of water to a boil for the water bath and keep it hot.nCombine the cream, cinnamon, and vanilla in a small saucepan over mediumlow flame. Bring the cream to a brief simmer, stirring occasionally. Take care not to let the cream come to a full boil to prevent it from spilling over.nIn a large bowl, cream together the whole eggs and yolks with the remaining 12 cup of sugar add a pinch of salt. Whisk until the mixture is pale yellow and thick. Temper the egg mixture by gradually whisking in the hot cream mixture dont add it too quickly or the eggs will cook. Pass the mixture through a strainer into a large measuring cup to ensure that the flan will be perfectly smooth. Pour the custard into the caramelcoated mold.nTo create the water bath: pour the hot not boiling water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the side of the mold be careful not get water into the custard. Carefully transfer to the middle oven rack, and bake for 30 to 45 minutes, until the custard is barely set and just jiggles slightly. Let the flan cool in the water bath, then refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight.nWhen you are ready to serve, run a knife around the inside of the mold to loosen the flan. Place a dessert plate on top of the flan and invert to pop it out., ingredients: [1 12 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 vanilla bean, split and scraped, 3 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, Pinch salt], title: Flan, picturelink: p5oZxBE6QDushmEgpxc4hhgjGZ.idee}, 58390: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nCombine flour, oatmeal, sugar, and butter in a large bowl mix until well combined. Place 34 of mixture along the bottom of a Dutch oven. Spread fruit over top, then sprinkle with the rest of the oatmeal mixture. Place on rack of hot grill 13 of the charcoal must be on top and 23 of the charcoal must be on the bottom. The key to cooking it is not to open the Dutch oven until you have smelled the cobbler for 10 minutes. Every time you open the Dutch oven you lose the heat. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 cups oatmeal, 2 cups brown sugar, 1 cup butter or margarine, 4 cups your favorite fruit, cut into pieces if necessary], title: Fruit Cobbler, picturelink: 4pDp42t51UJYXQMJLwD9Og2infE9RC}, 58391: {instructions: Make the sauce: Combine the garlic, chili powder, cayenne, allspice, 12 teaspoon salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper in a bowl. Whisk the ketchup, 1 cup water, the vinegar, mustard, molasses, brown sugar and Worcestershire sauce in a separate bowl. Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic mixture and cook, stirring, until the oil turns brick red, about 1 minute. Add the ketchup mixture and bring to a gentle simmer cook, whisking occasionally, 30 minutes.nMake the ribs: Soak 1 heaping cup hickory, mesquite or applewood chips in water, at least 30 minutes. Prepare a grill for indirect cooking over mediumlow heat about 250 degrees F: On a charcoal grill, bank the coals to one side on a gas grill, turn on only one side of the burners. Cover the grate on the cooler side of the grill with aluminum foil. Close the grill lid. Position the ribs on a cutting board, meatside down. Slip a small knife between the bone and membrane, then gently pull off the membrane. Sprinkle the racks with 1 teaspoon each salt and black pepper on both sides. Drain the wood chips. For a charcoal grill, scatter the chips directly over the hot coals for a gas grill, put the chips in a smoker box and position over direct heat. Put the ribs meatside up on the foil on the cooler side of the grill. Close the grill lid bring the temperature back up and cook the ribs, undisturbed, 3 hours. For a charcoal grill, adjust the vents, or add more hot, ashedover coals as needed to maintain consistent heat. Remove the ribs and close the lid. Wrap each rack tightly in foil, then return to the cooler side of the grill, meatside down close the lid and grill 2 more hours. Remove the ribs and carefully unwrap. Return to the cooler side of the grill, meatside up cook, basting generously with the sauce halfway through, until the meat is tender, about 1 more hour. Remove the racks and let rest a few minutes before slicing. Serve with the remaining sauce. Photograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 large cloves garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups ketchup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 14 cup yellow mustard, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 4to5pound racks pork spareribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ribs With Kansas City Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: jbh6On9Vu7pUPNaYgvVA1RLfwBQFvHW}, 58392: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda and salt. Cream the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer until it gets lighter in color. You could also beat the butter by hand. Slowly add in the sugars and keep beating until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add your egg and mix until fully incorporated. Stir in the vanilla. Add the flour mixture using the low speed, then mix in the chocolate chips and caramel candies.nDrop the dough onto your baking sheets using a 1 12inch 12ounce ice cream scoop. Space the cookies about 2 inches apart. Press down on the dough balls to flatten them to about 3 inches around. Pop in the oven and bake until golden brown, 15 to 17 minutes. Cool on the baking sheets for a couple of minutes, and then let cool completely on wire racks.nNow to make the ice cream sandwiches. Line baking sheets with foil. Use a 2 12inch ice cream scoop to drop the ice cream onto the flat half of half your cookies. Cover the ice cream with the remaining cookies. Get the ice cream oozed out to the edges of the cookies by pressing them together gently. Roll the sides of the ice cream sandwiches in the crushed pretzels, making sure the pretzels stick. Place on the prepared baking sheets lined and freeze until ready to serve, at least a half hour., ingredients: [Heaping 1 18 cup allpurpose flour, Heaping 12 teaspoon baking soda, Pinch fine sea salt, 1 stick butter, softened, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup chopped caramel candies, 1 quart premium vanilla ice cream, 1 12 cups chopped pretzels], title: Caramel Chocolate Chip Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: 8pulyD73AluPFdwtSG9HFz8rrCRwaC}, 58393: {instructions: Stuff the olives with the blue cheese.nAdd the vermouth to a martini glass and swirl to coat the glass. Freeze the glass until chilled, about 10 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, add the vodka to a cocktail shaker filled with ice and shake well. Strain the vodka into the prepared martini glass and garnish with the olives., ingredients: [2 large green olives, pitted, 1 teaspoon goodquality blue cheese, such as Roquefort, 1 teaspoon dry vermouth, 3 ounces vodka just over 13 cup], title: Blue CheeseStuffed Olives Martini, picturelink: 5isLDRusDmsq2DUHPnflxWa06qNTa72}, 58394: {instructions: Cover work surface with a sheet of waxed paper. Arrange cutlets with a few inches between them on paper. Top work surface with a second sheet of waxed paper. Pound cutlets out to 14inch thick using the bottom of small heavy skillet or a rubber mallet.nHeat a large skillet over moderate heat.nSet veal aside and set up 3 disposable pie tins and a plate in a row. Place flour in 1 disposable tin and season with salt and pepper. In the second disposable tin, beat eggs with a drizzle of oil and season with salt. In the third disposable tin, pour out about 1 cup of cracker meal.nBread veal in flour. Coat the veal evenly with egg on both sides. Gently press veal into cracker meal and rest coated cutlets on a plate. Add a drizzle of oil and 1 12 tablespoons butter to the skillet.nWhen butter foams, add 2 pieces of veal and cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side until golden brown all over. Remove to a warm plate and grate a little nutmeg over hot schnitzel. Repeat with remaining 2 veal cutlets. Garnish veal with parsley and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [4 large 6 to 7 ounce veal cutlets, Waxed paper, 1 cup flour, Salt and pepper, 2 eggs, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup cracker meal, found near bread crumbs or at fish counter in market, Butter, for frying, Whole nutmeg, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Veal Schnitzel, picturelink: rZjlWZj0mRzAU4nccol930Ep97vOK}, 58395: {instructions: In a pitcher combine the sake and ginger ale. Pour into martini glasses and garnish with sugar flowers., ingredients: [1 350 milliliter bottle sake, chilled, 1 1 liter bottle ginger ale soda, chilled, 4 white sugar flowers, for garnish], title: Saki Spritzer, picturelink: r4O8TGeV93iyTBdNC2NcIP7YLvE6S}, 58396: {instructions: In a small, heavy saucepan, combine cream, milk, sugar, and lavender. Place over mediumhigh heat and, with a wooden spoon, bruise and crush the herbs against the bottom and sides of pan while bringing mixture just to a boil. Remove from heat. Set aside for 15 minutes to allow the lavender flavor to infuse the cream mixture. Strain through a fine sieve into a bowl, pressing on solids. Discard the lavender flowers.nWhisk the eggs in a small bowl. Gradually whisk a ladleful of the cream mixture into the eggs, then pour the eggs back into the cream mixture, whisking.nCook over medium heat, stirring gently, for about 8 to 10 minutes or until the mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon. Do not boil. Transfer this mixture to a bowl, cover, and refrigerate until cold.nPour into ice cream maker and freeze according to manufacturers directions.nPeppermint Ice Cream: Substitute 12 cup firmly packed clean, fresh peppermint leaves 14 cup dried for the lavender. Proceed as above.nOptional: The leaves wont give up much of their green color, so you can add 1 or 2 drops of red or green food coloring. Also, you can add a handful of crushed peppermint candies just 1 second, not 2, before turning off the ice cream maker., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 14 cup sugar, 3 lavender flowers, fresh or dried, 2 eggs], title: Lavender or Peppermint Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 58397: {instructions: Special equipment: a mandolin an 11by7inch baking dishnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the cream, garlic, thyme and cayenne in a saucepan, and season with salt. Taste to make sure it is adequately seasoned. Bring to a boil and then turn off the heat. Steep the mixture for 15 to 20 minutes.nGrease the baking dish and layer in onethird of the sliced turnips. Sprinkle onesixth of the grated cheese over the turnips and dot with onesixth of the butter. Remove the thyme and garlic from the cream and pour onesixth of the cream over the turnips. Repeat the layering five more times, alternating the turnip with sweet potato, until all of the ingredients are used up, for a total of six layers.nCover the dish with foil, place on a baking sheet and bake for 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until golden, another 20 minutes. When done, a fork should slide in and out of the center of the dish easily.nRest the dish 10 to 12 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 bundle fresh thyme, Pinch cayenne, Kosher salt, 12 stick butter, plus more for greasing, 2 pounds turnips, peeled and very thinly sliced, 1 12 cups grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and very thinly sliced], title: Sweet Potato Turnip Gratin, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 58398: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat olive oil in a large Dutch oven and sear lamb chops until golden brown on both sides. Remove to a plate. Add onions, carrots, and celery to the pan and cook until the vegetables are golden brown. Add red wine and port and cook until almost reduced.nAdd the chops back to the pot, add the stock, bay leaf, thyme, and bring the stock to a boil. Cover the pot, place the pot in the oven, and cook for about 2 hours or until fork tender.nRemove the lamb to a plate, strain into a clean small pot, and cook until reduced to a sauce consistency. Swirl in butter and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPlace a square of PotatoArtichoke Gratin on a large plate, top with a lamb chop and ladle some of the sauce over and around. Garnish with a sprig of fresh thyme and chopped parsley.nPlace the artichokes, onion, lemon, wine and water to cover in a medium saucepan, cover with a clean dish cloth and simmer over mediumhigh heat until the artichokes are tender, about 20 to 30 minutes.nDrain the artichokes and when cool enough to handle, cut off the top half, trim leaves, remove choke, and remove heart. Slice heart into thin slices.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nButter a 8 x 8inch baking dish and place a layer of potatoes on the bottom, place 14 of the artichoke hearts over the potatoes, season with salt and pepper, drizzle with 14 cup of the cream and some of the thyme. Repeat to make 5 layers ending with a layer of potatoes. Combine the cheese and bread crumbs and sprinkle over the top.nPlace on a baking sheet and bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until the potatoes are cooked through and the top is golden brown and bubbly. Let rest 10 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 lamb chops, shoulder cut, 1 14 inches thick, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 Spanish onion, coarsely chopped, 2 carrots, coarsely chopped, 2 stalk celery, coarsely chopped, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup port, 4 cups chicken stock, 1 bay leaf, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, plus chopped leaves for garnish, 2 tablespoons cold butter, PotatoArtichoke Gratin, recipe follows, Parsley, chopped for garnish, 4 artichokes, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 lemon, quartered, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 large baking potatoes, like russets, thinly sliced on a mandoline, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14 cups heavy cream, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh thyme, 14 cup freshly grated Parmigiano Reggiano, 14 cup fresh bread crumbs], title: Braised Lamb Chops en Cazuela with PotatoArtichoke Gratin and Red Wine Reduction, picturelink: null}, 58399: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTo a small skillet over moderate heat add extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, and 2 tablespoons butter. When butter melts, add celery, onion and red bell pepper. Saute vegetables 5 minutes. Add crab to the vegetables and season with thyme or poultry seasoning, paprika, salt and pepper. Fold a few handfuls of diced toasted bread into the stuffing to combine. The stuffing will take 1 12 to 2 slices. Add parsley to the stuffing and remove from heat. Brush a baking dish with melted butter. Butterfly shrimp by cutting along the deveining line, into and almost through the shrimps. Place the butterflied shrimp in your hand, the butterflied side down. Dab the shrimp with melted butter and place a rounded spoonful of crab stuffing onto the shrimp. Set the shrimp upright on the baking dish with the stuffing exposed and the tail upright. Place the baking dish in the preheated oven. Bake 6 to 8 minutes or until shrimp are pink and firm and stuffing is browned.nSeason chicken breasts with poultry seasoning or ground thyme, salt and pepper. In a second skillet over medium high heat add the oil and cook the breasts 5 minutes on each side, then remove to a serving plate. Add brandy to the pan and cook alcohol off 1 minute. Add butter and orange zest to the brandy. Spoon brandy orange butter over the chicken and top each breast with 2 stuffed shrimp. Garnish the platter or individual dinner plates with parsley sprigs and sliced oranges, ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 14 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 6 ounces, drained weight, lump crab meat, 12 teaspoon ground thyme or poultry seasoning, 12 teaspoon sweet paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 thin slices good quality white bread toasted and buttered, then diced, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons melted butter, 8 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails in tact, 4 pieces boneless, skinless chicken breast, 6 to 8 ounces each, 1 teaspoon ground thyme or poultry seasoning, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 jiggers brandy, 1 large navel orange, zested, Parsley sprigs and sliced navel oranges, for plate garnish], title: Brandy and Orange Chicken Breasts Topped with Stuffed Shrimp, picturelink: Pw6oKGzqUy7hneBCaOMibfDdkdUCxiC}, 58400: {instructions: Place potatoes in saucepan. Cover with cold water. Add pinch of salt. Bring to a boil and simmer for about 20 to 25 minutes or until tender. Drain potatoes and transfer back to saucepan. Smash with potato masher. Add butter and milk. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 medium red potatoes, 1 tablespoon butter, 14 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Smashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 58401: {instructions: Special equipment: a deepfrying thermometernFor the chicken: Combine the buttermilk, chili paste, onion powder, 12 teaspoon ginger and salt and pepper to taste in a bowl. Add the chicken and turn to coat let sit.nMix the allpurpose flour, rice flour, semolina flour, cornstarch, curry powder, the remaining tablespoon ground ginger and salt and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Set aside.nFor the sauce: In a small pot, slowly heat the chili paste, hoisin and brown sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let stand at room temperature.nFor the pho slaw: In a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, chili paste, coconut milk, brown sugar, vinegar, mustard, ginger, lime juice and salt and pepper to taste. Whisk until blended.nIn a large bowl, mix together the bok choy, scallions, carrot, bean sprouts and red cabbage and toss together with your hands. Add the dressing and toss. Fold the noodles into the slaw. Set aside.nFill a large Dutch oven halfway with oil and slowly bring it up to 375 degrees F. Remove the chicken from the marinade and discard the marinade. Dredge the chicken in the flour mixture. Shake off the excess flour and fry, stirring occasionally, until golden on the outside and cooked through, about 5 minutes.nServe the chicken with the sauce on the side, or toss the chicken in the sauce. Serve with the pho slaw., ingredients: [2 cups buttermilk, 2 tablespoons chili paste, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon plus 12 teaspoon ground ginger, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 boneless chicken breasts, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup rice flour, 14 cup semolina flour, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon curry powder, Canola oil, for frying, 14 cup chili paste, 14 cup hoisin sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chili paste, 14 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, Juice of 4 limes, Salt and pepper, to taste, 2 bunches baby bok choy, sliced into matchsticks, 2 scallions, chopped, 1 carrot, shredded, 12 cup bean sprouts, 14 cup shredded red cabbage, 12 cup cooked udon noodles, chopped], title: Asian Fried Chicken and Pho Slaw, picturelink: rjAlsnM7R043Ne191cpvGTn5WIYHgXS}, 58402: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. In a medium saucepan cook the cream with the vanilla bean and salt over moderate heat until the surface begins to shimmer.nIn a large heatproof bowl, blend the egg yolks and granulated sugar with a wooden spoon. Slowly add the hot cream mixture, stirring gently. Strain the custard into a large measuring cup skim off any bubbles.nArrange 8 shallow 4 12inch wide ramekins in a roasting pan see note. Slowly pour the custard into the ramekins, filling them almost to the top. Set the roasting pan in the center of the oven and carefully pour in enough hot water to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Cover the pan loosely with foil and bake for about 1 hour, or until the custards are firm at the edges, but still a bit wobbly in the center.nTransfer the ramekins to a wire rack to cool completely. Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 3 hours or up to 2 days.nPreheat the broiler. Set the ramekins on a baking sheet and blot the surfaces of the custards to remove any condensation. Using a small sieve, sift 2 teaspoons of the turbinado sugar over each custard in a thin, even layer. Broil the custards as close to the heat as possible until the sugar is evenly caramelized, 30 seconds to 2 minutes. Let cool slightly and serve at once.nNOTE: If using deeper 34cup ramekins, bake the custards for about 20 minutes longer and reduce the sugar topping to 1 teaspoon per custard., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, Pinch of salt, 8 egg yolks, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 16 teaspoons turbinado sugar for glazing see note], title: Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 58403: {instructions: Start with our stepbystep canning howto.nUsing a vegetable peeler, remove the zest from the lemons in wide strips, leaving the bitter white pith behind. Squeeze the lemon juice through a strainer into a large, wide saucepan. Add the lemon zest, tomatoes, sugar, cumin, 4 teaspoons salt, the red pepper flakes, cinnamon sticks, cloves and ginger. Cook over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes are juicy and the sugar dissolves, 15 to 20 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes are dark and syrupy and a candy or deepfry thermometer registers 220 degrees F, 40 to 50 minutes the timing may vary depending on the juiciness of the tomatoes. Reduce the heat if the mixture starts to scorch. Discard the cinnamon sticks.nMeanwhile, sterilize four 8ounce canning jars and lids.nFill the jars with the tomato mixture, leaving 14 inch headspace, then seal and process.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [4 large lemons, 5 12 pounds plum tomatoes, cored and cut into 1inch pieces, 4 cups light muscovado sugar or packed light brown sugar, 4 teaspoons ground cumin, Kosher salt, 2 scant teaspoons red pepper flakes, 4 small cinnamon sticks, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 8 18inchthick slices peeled ginger], title: Spicy Tomato Jam, picturelink: 3AakDjp9sz5uqDusmOwaiOBtGGD2ODm}, 58404: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour and salt in a food processor to combine. Add 2 tablespoons butter pulse a few times until the mixture looks like cornmeal. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Add the cream cheese pulse a few more times until the dough just comes together. Add the vinegar and 1 tablespoon ice water pulse a few times until the dough is moist. Divide the dough between two pieces of plastic wrap. Shape each into a disk and wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight.nPut a baking sheet on the middle oven rack and preheat to 425 degrees F for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, make the filling: Peel the apples and slice about 14 inch thick toss with the berries, granulated sugar, flour, vanilla, butter and salt in a large bowl. Set aside.nRoll out 1 disk of dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate. Fold the overhanging dough under itself. Add the filling. Roll out the remaining disk of dough into an 8inch round on a lightly floured surface slice into 12 strips. Brush the strips with some of the beaten egg. One at a time, twist the strips of dough and, working from the center of the pie outward, arrange the strips on the pie to make one continuous coil.nBrush the top of the pie with the remaining beaten egg and sprinkle with the turbinado sugar. Transfer the pie to the hot baking sheet in the oven and bake 15 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and continue baking until the crust is golden and the filling is bubbling, 50 to 55 more minutes. Tent with foil if the crust browns too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool completely.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 6 ounces cold cream cheese, cut into small pieces, 1 teaspoon white wine vinegar or fresh lemon juice, 2 pounds assorted apples such as Gala, Fuji or Honeycrisp, 8 ounces thawed frozen mixed berries such as blueberries, blackberries andor raspberries about 2 cups, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, Pinch of salt, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons turbinado sugar], title: AppleBerry Twist Pie, picturelink: rzFDuT48WWiZsB0wFuu78oe0va6m2zu}, 58405: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oven to 350 degrees F.nCook the pasta in salted, boiling salted water until al dente. Drain in a colander.nAdd the cherry tomatoes to a sheet tray, drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake for 20 minutes, until visibly plump and softened.nHeat a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 teaspoons of olive oil. Saute the chorizo in a saute pan until crisp. Remove.nMelt 6 tablespoons butter in a large saucepot over medium heat. Add flour, stirring for 1 minute. Whisk in the warmed milk and bring to a boil. Continue to whisk constantly. Stir while adding the mustard, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Stir in the cheese reserving 12 cup for the topping. The mixture will thicken as the heat increases.nPour the drained pasta into the cheese sauce and mix well. Add to a 3quart casserole dish. Add the chorizo and roasted cherry tomatoes. Top with reserved cheese and the fried onions. Bake for 35 minutes. Can be made ahead, covered and refrigerated. Bring to room temperature before baking if refrigerated., ingredients: [1 pound penne pasta, 3 cups cherry tomatoes, 2 teaspoons olive oil, plus drizzling, Salt and pepper, 1 package chorizo, casings removed and finely chopped, 6 tablespoons butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups milk, warm, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups shredded Monterey pepper jack, 1 cup sharp white Cheddar, 1 2.7ounce can fried onions], title: Spicy Macaroni and Cheese with Chorizo Sausage, picturelink: ivv49byy7y95W2c0An5QHElDKD5rSiS}, 58406: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cupcakes:nBake according to package instructions for cupcakes, adding 12 teaspoon peppermint extract to batter and substituting white cranberry juice for water.nFor the Peppermint White Hot Chocolate CUP cakes:nFill a zip top bag with icing. Snip a small corner of the bag and pipe icing onto each cupcake to look like whipped cream on top of the cup.nTo add peppermint handle for the cup:nPoke a small hole in the side of each cupcake using a chopstick or tooth pick and fill the hole with royal icing. Insert one end of the U shape candy cane piece into hole and the other end into the icing to make your cup cake. Sprinkle with crushed candy cane pieces.nFor the Snowman Cupcakes:nUsing a butter knife or spatula, lightly frost the cupcakes.nFlatten a large marshmallow on waxed paper with the palm of your hand. Cut a second marshmallow in half horizontally, then stack the first half flat on the first marshmallow to form a torso then the second on its side for a head. Thread a pretzel stick or toothpick through the bottom to secure marshmallows and stick into cupcake top.nUse royal icing to attach cake decorating dots as eyes and buttons. Add a wedge cut from an orange slice candy for a nose.nFor the Reindeer Cupcakes:nUsing a butter knife or spatula, lightly frost each cupcake.nBreak the pretzels in half, and insert into the top of each cupcake for antlers. Use blue candy covered chocolates to make eyes. Cut fruit by the foot to make a mouth and place the red gumdrop in the center for the nose.nWith a hand mixer, beat the egg whites with the lemon juice or extract until frothy. Add the sifted powdered sugar and beat on low speed until combined, smooth, and shiny. Turn to high and beat approximately 5 minutes until stiff and glossy. Add food coloring, if desired, and transfer to a pastry bag to pipe onto cookies or cakes., ingredients: [1 box white cake mix, 12 teaspoon peppermint extract, White cranberry juice, 1 container white icing, 4 cupcakes, Royal icing, recipe follows, 4 blue colored candy canes, U shape broken off to make a cup handle and straight part broken into small pieces, 12 container white icing, 6 large marshmallows, 4 small thin pretzel sticks or tooth picks, Cake decorating dots, Orange slice jelly candy, cut into ting wedges for the nose, 4 large yogurt covered pretzels, 8 blue candy covered chocolates or blue jelly beans, Fruit rollup recommended: Fruit by the Foot, 4 red gum drops, 2 large egg whites or 5 tablespoons meringue powder, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, Food coloring, if desired], title: Holiday Cupcakes, picturelink: SACz9BLe1yeF5wztz7IDd6wKSV9a}, 58407: {instructions: Preheat a grill or grill pan to medium high.nMake the dressing. Combine the mayonnaise, celery leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon water, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a large bowl. Grate in the zest of 1 lime and squeeze in the juice.nToss the shrimp with the vegetable oil, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl. Arrange the shrimp on the grill and cook until pink and just firm, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to the bowl with the dressing squeeze in the juice of the remaining 12 lime.nAdd the sliced celery, avocados, salad mix and radishes to the bowl with the shrimp toss to coat. Top with the remaining 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [14 cup mayonnaise, 2 stalks celery, thinly sliced, plus 3 tablespoons, chopped celery leaves, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 limes, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 hass avocados, diced, 1 5ounce package baby kale salad mix about 8 cups, 1 small bunch radishes, thinly sliced], title: Shrimp and Avocado Salad, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 58408: {instructions: To make the minted ice cubes, fill ice cube trays partially with water and freeze. Set mint leaves on top, fill with more water and freeze solid. Brew double strength tea and steep, while hot with 2 bunches of fresh mint. When cool, strain out mint and sweeten to taste, chill., ingredients: [minted ice cubes, Black tea, fresh mint leaves, sugar to taste], title: Minted Ice Tea, picturelink: null}, 58409: {instructions: In a heavybottomed stockpot, heat 4inches oil over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 360 degrees F.nPlace the AllPurpose Dredge and the milk in two separate shallow bowls. Coat the steak in the dredge and shake off any excess, then dip in the milk. Coat the steak in the dredge one more time, then shake off any excess dredge and fry until golden, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove to a papertowellined plate to drain.nSpoon 12 cup of the Classic Gravy into the center of each serving plate. Place a piece of chickenfried steak over the gravy and top each portion with 14 cup Pickled Tomato Salad to serve.nIn a medium bowl, mix the flour, garlic powder, onion powder, oregano, paprika, black pepper, salt and cayenne.nIn a small saucepan set over mediumlow heat, add the butter to melt. Stir in the flour, and cook, stirring continuously, to create a light brown roux, 10 to 15 minutes. While stirring, slowly add the milk, making sure there are no lumps. Increase the heat and cook, stirring continuously, until the gravy thickens. Add the pepper, salt, Worcestershire and garlic powder.nMix together the cherry tomatoes, pickled tomatoes, parsley and some salt and pepper., ingredients: [Oil, for frying, 1 cup AllPurpose Dredge, recipe follows, 12 cup milk, Four 4ounce portions cube steak, 2 cups Classic Gravy, recipe follows, 1 cup Pickled Tomato Salad, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 cups whole milk, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved or quartered depending on size, 1 cup diced pickled green tomatoes, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Upgraded ChickenFried Steak, picturelink: MpImksyI0kvEn4gPXZgWpkgiblfSz2}, 58410: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nRinse the chicken and pat dry with paper towels. Remove the chicken breasts from the bone and discard the skin. Cut each breast into 10 strips.nWhisk the egg and 2 tablespoons water in a bowl and set aside. Mix the flour, poultry seasoning and salt and pepper, to taste, in a resealable plastic bag. Add the chicken strips and toss to coat, set aside. Put the bread crumbs in a shallow dish or pie plate. Remove the chicken from the bag and shake off the excess flour. Coat the chicken in the egg, than dredge in the panko bread crumbs. Arrange the strips in a single layer, on a baking sheet, allowing space in between each strip.nBake for 15 to 20 minutes, until chicken is golden brown and cooked through.nFor the Sweet Mustard sauce:nIn a small bowl, combine the mustard, mayonnaise and the brown sugar. Mix until sugar dissolves completely.nWarm the tortillas in a microwave for 30 seconds to make them pliable. Lay a tortilla flat onto a work surface. Place about 5 chicken strips onto the tortilla. Drizzle with the sweet mustard sauce and top with cheese, lettuce and pickle. Roll up the tortilla and put on a serving platter. Repeat with remaining ingredients and serve., ingredients: [2 chicken breasts, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon poultry seasoning, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup panko bread crumbs, 4 wholewheat flour tortillas, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, 14 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 1 pickle, diced, 14 cup spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon packed brown sugar], title: Chicken Strip Wrap with Sweet Mustard, picturelink: d6YOFU5LwyJdupI0BPieNlCDcP3S}, 58411: {instructions: Place the sugar syrup in a small wine glass, add the rum, and stir with a swizzle stick., ingredients: [14 tablespoon cane sugar syrup, 1ounce Dark Martiniquan or Guadeloupean rum], title: Punch Vieux, picturelink: null}, 58412: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the milk, sugar, vanilla, zest and eggs in a blender and blend until smooth. Add the flour, butter and salt and blend until completely smooth, about 1 minute. Spray muffin tins well with nonstick cooking spray and pour 14 cup batter into each tin, filling about threequarters full. Bake until puffy and golden on top, about 15 minutes. Remove and let sit on a baking rack for a few minutes. Remove the individual pancakes to a platter. The pancakes will sink slightly in the center. Fill with some of the AppleCalvados Caramel Sauce and dust with cinnamon powdered sugar.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the apples and cook, stirring until soft, about 8 minutes. Whisk in the sugar and cook until the sugar melts and thickens slightly. Remove the skillet from the heat, add the calvados, then return to the stove and cook until reduced. Add the heavy cream and cook until warmed through. Finish with the mint., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 1 heaping tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 6 eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 4 tablespoons butter, melted and cooled, 12 teaspoon salt, Nonstick cooking spray, AppleCalvados Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup powdered sugar mixed with 1 heaping teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 Gala apple, peeled, cored and diced, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored and diced, 1 cup packed light brown muscovado sugar, 14 cup calvados, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 fresh mint leaves, torn, for garnish], title: Mini German Pancakes with AppleCalvados Caramel Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58413: {instructions: Cook the soba noodles according to the package directions. Drain and transfer to a large ziptop plastic bag. Add 2 teaspoons of the oil, seal the bag, and shake to coat the noodles.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 teaspoons oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the ginger and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Increase the heat to mediumhigh add the pork, and cook, stirring, until browned on all sides, about 5 minutes total. Add the salt and pepper and stir to coat the pork. Add the scallions and sesame seeds and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the broth and soy sauce reduce heat to medium, and simmer until the pork is cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the water chestnuts.nIf youre stopping here:nLet cool to room temperature, then transfer the mixture to a large ziptop plastic bag or plastic container and refrigerate along with the bag of noodles for up to 3 days.nWhen youre ready to eat:nCombine the pork mixture and soba noodles in a large skillet set over medium heat and simmer for 5 minutes to heat through. You can also reheat the noodles and pork mixture together in the microwave for 3 to 5 minutes on HIGH. Meanwhile, chop the cilantro.nRemove from the heat, stir in the cilantro, and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces soba noodles or wholewheat spaghetti, 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, divided, 1 tablespoon minced pickled ginger, 1 1 14pound pork tenderloin, cut into 1inch chunks, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 scallions green and white parts, chopped, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 14 cup reducedsodium soy sauce, 12 cup sliced water chestnuts, drained, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: SesameGinger Pork with Soba Noodles, picturelink: null}, 58414: {instructions: Special equipment: Eight to ten 12inch metal or wooden skewers, soaked in water for at least 15 minutes if woodennPreheat a grill for cooking over medium heat. Lightly oil the grill grates.nPlace the Brussels sprouts in a large bowl. Drizzle with olive oil to coat and sprinkle with salt and pepper, then scatter the bacon pieces on top. Cover tightly with plastic wrap make a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high, 4 minutes toss, recover, and cook until the sprouts are mostly tender with a little bit of resistance when pierced with a paring knife, 3 to 4 minutes more.nWhen cool enough to handle, thread the sprouts through the skewers with single bacon pieces between them, leaving a little space between each piece. There will be more sprouts than bacon. Place the skewers on the grill. Cover and cook, 5 minutes, then flip and cook, covered, until the sprouts are lightly charred and tender and the bacon is browned and crisp at the edges, 5 to 6 minutes more.nMeanwhile, whisk together the red wine vinegar, mustard, honey, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon ground black pepper in a bowl large enough to hold all the Brussels sprouts. Still whisking, drizzle in 13 cup of olive oil.nRemove the skewers from the grill and remove the sprouts and bacon from the skewers while still hot add to the large bowl of vinaigrette. Add half of the chopped hazelnuts. Toss gently to coat. Transfer to a serving plate and sprinkle with remaining hazelnuts and parsley leaves. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling the grill grates and drizzling, 2 pounds Brussels sprouts, trimmed, kept whole if small halved through the stem if large, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices bacon about 4 ounces, cut into 1inch chunks, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 small garlic clove, finely grated14 cup toasted hazelnuts, chopped, 13 cup parsley leaves], title: Grilled Brussels Sprouts and Bacon, picturelink: R6FVIBXLZD6qHJIsK7z7Gjd58ps6y}, 58415: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, gingerbread cookie crumbs, baking powder, pumpkin pie spice and salt.nIn a separate medium bowl, whisk together the brown sugar and eggs until foamy and light, then whisk in the milk, melted butter and molasses. Stir the wet ingredients into the dry until just incorporated.nHeat a nonstick skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat. Add a pat of butter and swirl to melt. When the butter is sizzling, ladle 14 cup batter into the center of the pan. Cook on one side until bubbles form and pop and the surface near the edges looks dry. Flip and cook for about 1 minute more on the second side. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with the remaining batter.nServe warm with maple syrup andor whipped cream., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup fine gingerbread cookie crumbs, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 3 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for the skillet, 14 cup molasses, Warm maple syrup andor whipped cream, for serving], title: Gingerbread Cookie Pancakes, picturelink: PRVJ93L7aGVDAhrO4LgFq.LEX7wNKy}, 58416: {instructions: In a saucepan on medium heat, heat the milk and halfandhalf to just below the simmering point. Remove the pan from the heat and add the white chocolate. When the chocolate is melted, add the vanilla, vanilla bean seeds, and 14 to 13 cup orange liqueur, according to taste, and whisk vigorously. Reheat very gently and serve., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 4 cups halfandhalf, 1 pound white chocolate, chopped, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Seeds scraped from 2 vanilla beans, 14 to 13 cup orange flavored liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Holiday Hot Chocolate, picturelink: VXvuo5fWoT2GawsGsbH1ZDKf594HiXa}, 58417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCrack the eggs into a blender and add the milk and cinnamon. Blend until the yolks and whites are incorporated. This step can be accomplished in a shallow dish with a whisk or fork as well. Pour the mixture into a shallow dish or widebottom bowl.nHeat a large nonstick skillet or griddle over medium heat. Add 2 tablespoons of the butter and swirl it around the pan when melted, place 1 piece of bread in the egg mixture to soak in for about 10 seconds. Turn over and let soak on other side. This is a quick process dont let bread soak too long as it will get too soggy. Drain off excess egg and place the bread in the hot pan. Immediately soak 3 more bread slices, taking care not to overcrowd the pan.nCook until golden brown, turning once, about 2 minutes per side.nRepeat with remaining butter and bread slices. Serve with Strawberry Syrup spooned over or on the side at the table.nPlace the strawberries, sugar, vanilla and 2 tablespoons water into a wide saucepan or skillet large enough to hold the strawberries in a single layer. Bring the mixture to a simmer over mediumlow heat and cook gently until the strawberries are very soft and ruby red in color throughout., but still hold their shape, about 5 minutes .nServe warm over French toast or on the side at the table., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 12 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons salted butter, 8 slices basic white bread, Strawberry Syrup for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup sliced strawberries about 6 large whole, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Classic French Toast with Strawberry Syrup, picturelink: ju7FGWPgI.biBYh.9vowkVb4gyGo0Xa}, 58418: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Whisk 1 tablespoon each olive oil and cilantro, the hot sauce, lime zest and 12 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Put the fish in a large baking dish, leaving room between the fillets top with the cilantro sauce. Bake until the fish is opaque and cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large heavy pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots, celery, jalapeu00f1o, the remaining cilantro and u00bd teaspoon salt. Cook until the vegetables start softening, about 3 minutes.nStir the pigeon peas and 1 cup water into the pot. Bring to a boil, then add the rice and tomatoes cook until warmed through, about 2 minutes. Stir in the lime juice and season with salt and pepper. Serve the fish with the pigeon peas and rice.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 to 1 teaspoon Caribbean hot pepper sauce, Grated zest and juice of 1 lime Kosher salt, 4 5ounce skinless flounder fillets, 4 shallots, diced, 1 stalk celery, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, diced remove seeds for less heat, 1 15ounce can pigeon peas, drained and rinsed, 1 10ounce package frozen brown rice about 2 cups, 2 plum tomatoes, diced, Freshly ground pepper], title: Caribbean Flounder with Pigeon Peas and Rice, picturelink: OOUasgmgU.eeRaqaleKlr8bqQL0S8YO}, 58419: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 Pastry bags Ateco 10 round tip Ateco 2 small round tipnFrost the cupcakes with the buttercream.nTo pipe the flower: Place the grapefruittinted frosting in a pastry bag with a 10 round tip. Hold the bag straight above the cupcake. To create a 5petal flower, start 12 inch from the edge, and squeeze and release while dragging toward the center of the cupcake to create a tearshaped petal. Rotate the cupcake slightly after each petal.nPlace the egg yolktinted frosting in a pastry bag with a 2 small round tip. Hold the bag straight up, and pipe a small dot into the center of the flower.nRepeat with the remaining cupcakes., ingredients: [24 GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes, 2 cups Swiss Buttercream, 12 cup GrapefruitTinted Frosting, 14 cup Egg YolkTinted Frosting], title: Whimsical Flower Cupcakes, picturelink: uCVSh93XxQXujr.5Nz9wNxty5GJAha}, 58420: {instructions: For the patties: In a large bowl, gently mix the brisket, salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Make into 4 equalsized patties.nFor the layers: In a castiron pan on medium heat, add the butter and then the red onions in 4 piles. Immediately place a patty on each mound of onions and gently press to settle. Cook until the onions char a bit, about 5 minutes. Carefully flip each burger, keeping the onions with them so that they now rest on top. Cover and cook until desired doneness. Transfer the patties to a plate and immediately top with the American cheese first, then the pepper Jack. Cover with aluminum to allow the cheeses to melt.nFor the buns: Wipe out the pan and keep it on medium heat. Butter the outsides of the buns, then place them butteredside down on the pan and cook until toasted, about 2 minutes.nPlace a patty on each bottom bun and top with pickles, lettuce, a squirt of mustard and the top bun., ingredients: [1 pound ground brisket, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Coarsely ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 1 medium red onion, sliced paper thin, 4 slices American cheese, 4 slices pepper Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons salted butter, melted, 4 hamburger buns, 8 to 12 pickle slices, 2 cups finely shredded lettuce, Yellow mustard, for topping], title: Sunnys Brisket Burger, picturelink: sRj6PH1jtAsH9tpXA2WTWikwG6Ht.oG}, 58421: {instructions: Add the honey and yeast to 1 cup warm water. Stir to dissolve. Let the mixture to sit for 3 minutes to make sure the yeast is alive it should foam and start to bubble.nPlace the flour and salt in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Add the yeast mixture and mix on low speed until the mixture starts to come together. Turn the speed up to medium and mix for 8 minutes. The dough should start to pull away from the sides but still remain soft and slightly sticky at the bottom of the bowl. Add 1 extra tablespoon of flour if needed. Coat your hands in a bit of olive oil and form the dough into a ball. Place the dough in a bowl that is coated in olive oil. Cover with a towel and proof the dough in a warm place until it doubles in size, 1 hour.nKnock down the dough and cut into 4 equal pieces if making small pizzas or simply reform into a ball if making one larger pizza and proof the dough for an additional 1 hour.nThe dough is now ready to use., ingredients: [1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon active dry yeast, 2 14 cups flour, plus more if needed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: FLsdMpKTqbSXrKd2kaFOwRbt5eyVP6}, 58422: {instructions: For the biscuits:nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl.nUsing a food processor, pastry cutter, or your fingertips incorporate the chilled butter pieces into the dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal.nAdd the buttermilk and stir just until moistened. On the prepared baking sheet, drop 13 cup dough for each biscuit, spacing the mounds about 2inches apart. Brush with heavy cream, and sprinkle with sugar.nBake until the biscuits are golden brown on top, about 15 to 20 minutes, or until a tester comes out clean.nPlace the sliced strawberries in a large bowl. Add the lemon juice, and sugar and gently toss. Let the berries macerate for 30 minutes until the juices develop.nFor the whipped cream:nJust before serving, whip the heavy cream using an electric mixer with the sugar, and vanilla extract until it holds soft peaks.nTo serve the biscuits:nSlice the biscuits in half horizontally. Place the bottoms of the biscuits on plates, and divide the prepared berries and a spoonful of whipped cream evenly among the biscuits. Cover with the top portion of the biscuit and serve alongside additional berries and juices., ingredients: [Buttermilk Biscuits, 3 cups flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces or grated, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 14 cup turbinado sugar, Strawberry Filling, 8 cups strawberries about 2 pounds, rinsed, stemmed, and sliced, 14 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Whipped Cream, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 58423: {instructions: Bring a large wide pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 12 cup cooking water, then drain.nMelt the butter in the pot over medium heat. Whisk in the flour, mustard powder and paprika cook, whisking, until smooth and slightly darker, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the milk and continue to cook, whisking occasionally, until the sauce thickens slightly and comes to a simmer, 7 to 8 minutes. Whisk in the cheddar, American cheese and cream cheese until melted.nAdd the pasta to the sauce toss, adding the reserved cooking water as needed to loosen. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces elbow macaroni, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon mustard powder, 14 teaspoon paprika, 1 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups grated sharp yellow cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 3 ounces sliced American cheese, diced about 12 cup, 2 ounces cream cheese, cut into small pieces], title: Classic Stovetop Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: Ono.goGUBnrzglNGMHuVzda37Lwk.4W}, 58424: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the filling: In a large bowl, combine the pumpkin puree, chicken, celery, garlic, sage, thyme, walnuts, scallions, dried cranberries and Hungarian paprika. Taste, making sure to get a bit of each ingredient in the sample. There should be a nice balance of sweet and savory adding a nice pinch of salt can bring you to the right place. Stir before tasting again and adjust as needed. Once done with the salt, add a few grinds of black pepper. Add the cheese and stir to combine. Refrigerate until mix is firm and less sticky, about 20 minutes.nFor the wrappers: Wrappers should be packed with paper between each. Remove one wrapper at a time along with the paper and roll and flatten each slightly with a rolling pin. If not packed with paper, roll on a sheet of wax paper. Cut each in half to create 48 half circles. Fill one side of each half with a heaping tablespoon of filling and fold the empty side over the filled side to create a triangle with a curved edge. Then, using the tines of a fork, close both open sides by pressing them together with the top 12 inch of the fork. Repeat for the rest.nIn a small bowl whisk the eggs and 1 tablespoon water. Lightly brush one side of each bite and place the brushed side up on a parchment or nonstick aluminum foillined baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, 20 to 24 minutes. Serve with Sunnys Creme Fraiche Dipping Sauce.nIn a food processor, add the creme fraiche, scallions, garlic and hot sauce. Taste the dip and season with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Blend again and taste, seasoning again if needed. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving cold., ingredients: [One 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin discarded, meat shredded or chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 3 to 4 leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 10 to 12 sprigs, 1 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 12 cup dried cranberries, chopped, 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cup shredded Swiss or gruyere, 24 empanada wrappers, such as Goya discos, 2 eggs, Sunnys Creme Fraiche Dipping Sauce, to serve, recipe follows, 8 ounces creme fraiche, 3 scallions, cut into thirds, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, such as Franks Red Hot Sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Pumpkin and Chicken Bites with Sunnys Creme Fraiche Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58425: {instructions: Put the minced shallot in a small strainer and rinse under cold water. This will remove some of the raw onion flavor and help the shallot retain its crunch. Pat dry, then transfer to a small bowl and add the celery, radish, and salt and pepper to taste.nCombine the vodka, tomato juice, the juice of one lemon half, the bitters, horseradish, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce in a small pitcher and stir. Add salt and pepper to taste.nAdd some crushed ice to 2 chilled glasses. Dont overload the Bloody Marys with ice so the flavors remain intense, not diluted. Add a hearty spoonful of the shallot mixture, then pour in the tomato juice mixture, filling the glasses almost to the top. Add another spoonful of the shallot mixture. Top each drink with a splash of vodka, like a floater, and a squeeze of the remaining lemon half. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [1 small shallot, finely minced, 1 stalk celery, tough strings peeled, 1 radish, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked pepper, 5 ounces cold vodka, plus more for topping Alex likes Stolichnaya, 5 ounces cold tomato juice, 1 lemon, halved, 1 teaspoon Angostura or Peychauds bitters, 2 teaspoons creamy horseradish Alex likes Inglehoffer, 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 3 drops hot sauce], title: Favorite Bloody Mary, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 58426: {instructions: Brown pork, chicken, or beef in oil. Sprinkle flour over the meat and add chopped garlic according to your taste. Add chicken bouillon, crushed tomatoes, potatoes, and Green Chile. Add salt to taste. Bring to a slow boil and simmer until meat and potatoes are tender, about 45 minutes. The secret is to add a teaspoon of kitchen bouquet at almost the end of cooking, which brings out the flavor even more You can sprinkle shredded cheese on top if you like and serve with warm tortillas or crusty bread., ingredients: [2 pounds cut up pork, chicken, or beef, Oil, 3 heaping tablespoons flour, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped garlic, 2 12 cups chicken bouillon, One 14 12ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 large potatoes, diced, 1 2 pound package thawed Chile Products of New Mexico Green Chile with or without the juice, Salt, 1 teaspoon kitchen bouquet, Shredded cheese, optional, Warm tortillas or crusty bread, optional], title: Green Chile Stew, picturelink: null}, 58427: {instructions: Drain the fruit cocktail and reserve the syrup. Put the fruit into a bowl, pour the whiskey over and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, or overnight. In a pitcher, combine the reserved syrup with the nectars and refrigerate.nCombine the fruit and whiskey mixture with the nectars mixture. Pour into glasses filled with ice and serve., ingredients: [1 15ounce can fruit cocktail in light syrup, 12 cup whiskey, 1 12ounce can pear nectar, 1 12ounce can peach nectar], title: Fruit Cocktail, picturelink: oiFoQziemtEtBvoYf6PJerNOfNDImzG}, 58428: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Add the rice and cook until it is opaque, about 2 minutes, stirring often.nAdd the salt to the cola and stir until dissolved the salt helps to release some of the carbonation and then add it to the rice. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low, cooking until the liquid has almost completely evaporated, about 15 minutes. Add the raisins and the almonds and reduce the heat to the lowest setting. Cover and cook until the rice is tender, about 25 minutes. Uncover, fluff with a fork and serve., ingredients: [112 tbsp vegetable oil, 2 cups longgrain white rice, 12 tsp salt, 312 cups CocaCola, 14 cup raisins, 3 tbsp sliced or slivered almonds, lightly toasted], title: CocaCola Rice, picturelink: null}, 58429: {instructions: The golden, flaky crust makes this a beautiful, memorable dish thats sure to impress.nHEAT oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold pastry sheets. Roll out 1 sheet to 11inch square set aside. Roll out remaining sheet to 12inch square use to line bottom and side of greased 9inch springform pan.nREMOVE 1 Tbsp. eggs set aside. Mix ricotta, pepper sauce and spinach with remaining eggs. Layer half each of the bacon, cheese, egg mixture and peppers in pastrylined pan. Repeat layers. Cover with remaining pastry sheet fold edges of pastry under and tuck inside pan. Brush top with reserved egg. Cut slits in top crust with sharp knife to allow steam to escape.nBAKE 45 to 55 min. or until golden brown. Cool 10 min. Run small knife around edge of pan to loosen crust before removing rim., ingredients: [1 pkg. 17.3 oz. frozen puff pastry 2 sheets, thawed, 6 eggs, beaten, 1 cup ricotta cheese, Dash hot pepper sauce, 2 pkg. 10 oz. each frozen chopped spinach, thawed, well drained, 4 slices OSCAR MAYER Bacon, cooked, chopped, 112 cups shredded cheddar cheese, 1 cup chopped red peppers], title: Holiday Brunch Bake, picturelink: rNGliBe3T56Zf6B.Xem5F1PXtmPGiEC}, 58430: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a large braiser set over mediumhigh heat. Dry the lamb very well and sprinkle with 1 14 teaspoons of the salt. Dredge each piece in the flour and then shake off the excess. Add the lamb to the pan and sear on all sides until deep golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the lamb to a plate. Add the garlic, celery, carrots and onions to the pan and season with the remaining 12 teaspoon salt. Cook until the vegetables begin to brown and the mixture is fragrant, about 3 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring often, to caramelize the paste, about 2 minutes. Deglaze with the wine and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in the broth, thyme, bay leaf and rosemary. Nestle the lamb back in the pan and cover with the lid. Reduce the heat to low and cook until the lamb is soft and tender, 2 hours.nRemove the meat to a plate and keep warm. Skim the fat from the surface of the sauce and remove the herb sprigs and bay leaf. Return the meat to the sauce and serve sprinkled with the parsley and lemon zest., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 pounds lamb shank, cut into 2inch ossobuco, 1 34 teaspoons kosher salt, 13 cup flour, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 2 stalks celery, chopped into 13inch pieces, 1 large carrot, diced into 13inch pieces, 1 onion, chopped, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups unsalted chicken broth, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 1 teaspoon lemon zest 1 lemon], title: Lamb Ossobuco, picturelink: eriDkF6ngV6Fy3C8iR2Juzam44oPkO}, 58431: {instructions: For the eggs: Cook the eggs in boiling water about 5 minutes for a softboiled egg. Drain and cool the eggs in icy cold water, and then remove the shell.nPut the flour in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Put the bread crumbs in a separate bowl and the beaten eggs in a third bowl.nTake the eggs and coat them in the flour mixture, then the beaten eggs, and finally the bread crumbs. Keep them in the refrigerator until ready to fry.nFor the quails: Using a sharp knife, slice straight down the breastbone of the quail to open the breast cavity. Remove the rib cage so you have a boneless breast attached to the bonein legs and wings. Cooks Note: If the breast breaks away from the legs, which can happen with such a small bird, cook each portion separately. Alternately, you can ask your butcher to debone the quails for you.nFor the herb garnish: Mix the parsley, basil, thyme, garlic, and olive oil in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F180 degrees C.nSeason the quails with salt and pepper. In a large ovenproof saucepan, heat the canola oil on high heat and grill the quails in canola oil on all sides until brown. Finish cooking them in the oven for approximately 8 minutes. Keep the quails warm on a separate plate.nFor the creamed spinach: Meanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the spinach and cook for 15 seconds. Drain in a fine mesh strainer, pressing with a large spoon to release as much water as possible.nIn a small saucepan, heat the cream to a simmer and let it reduce by half, for about 10 minutes. Add the Dijon mustard and stir. Put aside.nMelt the butter in a frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and garlic, stirring until soft and fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the spinach and cook, stirring, just until the liquid is released. Add the reduced cream mixture, season with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nUsing a deep fryer, heat the oil to 350 degrees F180 degrees C. Fry the eggs for about 1 minute, or just until the crust is lightly brown.nFor serving: Plate each portion with creamed spinach topped with a quail and garnished with the herb mixture. Finish the plate with the fried egg cut in half., ingredients: [4 eggs, Flour, for dredging, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup bread crumbs, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 quails, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds1 kg fresh spinach, washed and tough stems removed, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Quail and Egg on Creamed Spinach, picturelink: null}, 58432: {instructions: Combine 2 ounces rye whiskey and a dash each of hibiscus syrup and hibiscus bitters in a cocktail shaker with ice stir well. Add a dash of absinthe to a chilled rocks glass and swirl to coat. Strain the drink into the glass add fresh ice, if desired. Garnish with a lemon twist., ingredients: [], title: Hibiscus Sazerac, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 58433: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut all ingredients into a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup nonfat or 1 percent lowfat milk, 12 cup non fat plain yogurt, 1 cup frozen blueberries unsweetened, 1 teaspoon honey], title: Blueberry Blast Smoothie, picturelink: Fn4waMqHyrsRD1yraSX8zGJoxDrjeD2}, 58434: {instructions: Add the olive oil and butter in a Dutch oven and place over medium heat. Saute the onions, carrots and celery for 5 minutes.nIn a saucepan add beef stock and bring to the boil on a medium heat, once the vegetables have softened add the simmering stock to the Dutch oven. We should never add a cold liquid to an already heated pot as it dramatically drops the heat and slows down the cooking process.nAs the stock is at temperature, add the lentils, barley and stir the broth. Place the lid back on and let the mixture cook for 5 minutes. Then add the drained and rinsed beans and cook for an additional 5 minutes.nAdd the browned turkey meatballs to the stock. Meanwhile, begin making your dumplings.nIn a mixing bowl add the flour, salt, baking powder and Dijon mustard. Sparingly add the water to the mixture and fold mixture until it forms a dough. With 2 tablespoons mold your dumplings 2 inches in diameter then drop them into the already simmering turkey meatballs and bean soup. Cook together for an additional 25 minutes with the lid on. Once the dumplings have risen and expanded, servenIn a heated skillet add olive oil and onions. Slightly cook them for about 5 minutes we want the onions softened not colored. Place into a bowl and let cool.nTake the 2 cups of broken up bread and place into a bowl with the milk. Let the bread soak for 5 minutes. Squeeze and drain the bread then place it into a large mixing bowl. Add the turkey meat, beaten eggs, chopped parsley, salt, black pepper, golden raisins and toasted pine nuts.nFold all ingredients together. Do not over work the turkey meat.nFill a Dutch oven with vegetable oil and place on low heat. Dust a baking sheet with about an inch of flour.nIn your hands scoop up a twofinger portion of the turkey mixture and with the palm of your hands shape the balls a little larger than a golf ball. As you make the balls add them to the baking tray with the flour and roll them until evenly coated.nCarefully add the meatballs to the oil and brown for about 6 minutes. Transfer turkey meatballs to a plate and set aside for bean soup. Pour excess oil into a bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 large onion, diced 2 cups, 1 large carrot, diced, 2 sticks celery, diced, 2 quarts beef stock, 12 cup orange lentils, 13 cup barley, 1 can kidney beans, drained and rinsed, 1 can roman beans, drained and rinsed, 1 recipe Turkey Meatballs, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 34 cup water, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small onion, diced about 34 cup, 2 cups dry brokenup white bread, 1 cup milk, 1 pound ground turkey meat, 2 large eggs, well beaten, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup golden raisins, hydrated in warm water, 12 cup pine nuts, slightly toasted, Flour, 1 cup vegetable oil], title: Threebean Soup with Turkey Meatballs and Dijon Mustard Dumplings, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 58435: {instructions: Whisk together the smoked paprika, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle the spice mixture on both sides of the pork chops.nHeat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the pork chops and cook until browned, about 4 minutes on each side. Remove to a plate. Add the onion to the drippings in the skillet and cook, stirring frequently, until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and sage and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Sprinkle in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, until pasty and the onions look dry. Pour in the chicken broth and stir until smooth. Stir in the evaporated milk. Bring the mixture to a simmer, and stir until the sauce thickens slightly, about 4 minutes.nReturn the pork chops back to the skillet along with any remaining juices that may have accumulated on the plate. Lower the heat to mediumlow, and continue to cook until the pork chops are cooked through, about 4 minutes on each side. Sprinkle with the parsley to garnish. Serve the pork chops with gravy on top., ingredients: [12 teaspoon smoked paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Five 6ounce boneless pork loin chops, trimmed of excess fat, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 sweet onion, such as Vidalia, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup twopercent evaporated milk, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Smothered Pork Chops, picturelink: null}, 58436: {instructions: In a bowl, combine the yeast and warmed milk. Mix well and let sit for a couple of minutes until the yeast is foamy. Add the melted butter and sugar. Mix well.nAdd the flour and salt. Mix well. Turn onto a lightly floured board or counter top and knead well for approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Put the dough in a generously buttered bowl and cover with a clean towel. Let rise for 1 hour.nPunch down and place the dough in a buttered 9 by 12inch bread pan. Cover and let rise for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace into oven and bake for approximately 45 to 55 minutes. Ovens vary so keep an eye on your bread. Tap on the bottom of your bread, if theres a hollow sound, it is completed. If not, bake a couple of minutes more. Remove from oven, let the bread cool in the pan for 15 to 20 minutes, then remove and cool on a wire rack.nMelt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add the cucumber, carrots, celery, olives, lemon juice, lemon pepper, dill weed, parsley, and salt to the skillet and mix well. Let those ingredients simmer while you dice the fish and shrimp into small pieces.nAdd the fish and shrimp to the skillet, mix well, and cover with a lid.nPlace bread on each of 4 plates. Check the fish mixture and add the cheese. Turn off the heat and cover with the lid. In a bowl, pour the lemon yogurt. Add the fish mixture to the lemon yogurt and mix well. Scoop the fish mixture onto the bread to your desired fullness. Serve immediately while the fish is hot., ingredients: [1 tablespoon yeast, 2 cups warmed milk, 14 cup butter, melted, 14 cups sugar, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 12 tablespoon salt, 4 tablespoons butter, for cooking fish and shrimp, 12 cup chopped cucumber, 12 cup grated carrots, 12 cup chopped celery, 14 cup chopped black olives, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper, 1 tablespoon dill weed, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 pounds cod fish, 2 pounds large shrimp, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup lemon yogurt, 4 slices bread], title: Fish and Shrimp Sandwich in a Lemon Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58437: {instructions: Special equipment: a meat thermometernPut the olive oil, lime juice, soy sauce, allspice, sugar, thyme, salt, black pepper, cinnamon, nutmeg, garlic, scallions, jalapenos and ginger in a food processor and blend until smooth.nPut the chicken into resealable bags and evenly distribute the marinade among the bags. Seal tightly, thoroughly coat the chicken in the marinade and marinate, refrigerated, for at least 30 minutes but preferably overnight.nPrepare a grill for mediumhigh heat.nGrill the chicken skinside down on direct heat, turning once halfway through, until both sides are browned, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the chicken pieces to indirect heat and grill until a meat thermometer registers 165 degrees F and the juices run clear, 15 to 20 minutes more.nServe the jerk chicken with a salad of green leaf lettuce, halved cherry tomatoes, thinly sliced red onions, shredded carrots and sliced celery., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 14 cup lime juice from about 2 limes, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons ground allspice, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 5 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 bunches scallions 6 to 8 per bunch, roughly chopped, 2 jalapenos, chopped, One 3inch piece ginger, peeled and chopped, 3 chickens, quartered, Serving suggestions: green leaf lettuce, halved cherry tomatoes, thinly sliced red onions, shredded carrots and sliced celery], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: LNuCjqv8Ufu7zlmvg8X0FnZyUA1WOzy}, 58438: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWrap the beet tightly in foil. Roast the beet directly on the oven rack for 40 minutes, or until just tender when pierced with a knife. Unwrap, cool to room temperature, and then refrigerate until completely chilled. The beet can be made 1 day ahead. Wrap in plastic and refrigerate.nFor the chile oil: In a small saucepan, combine the oil and minced chile, and set over mediumhigh heat. As soon as the chile begins to sizzle and turns orange in color, turn off the heat. Transfer the chile oil to a small bowl and cool completely. The chile oil can be made 1 day ahead. Keep covered at room temperature.nCarefully peel the beet. Using a mandolin, set at 18inch thickness, or a very sharp knife, cut the beet into paperthin rounds. Arrange the beet slices overlapping on a large platter. Sprinkle the vinegar all over. Drizzle some of the chile oil with the minced chile all over the beets. Season the beet slices generously with salt and pepper. Sprinkle all over with the Gorgonzola cheese. Garnish with the arugula and serve., ingredients: [1 large golden beet, or 3 medium red beets about 12 ounces, trimmed, 13 cup olive oil, 1 red jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded, and minced, 1 tablespoon distilled vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup gorgonzola cheese, crumbled, 1 cup baby arugula], title: Golden Beet Carpaccio Salad, picturelink: null}, 58439: {instructions: Fill a large stockpot about half full of water. Add the salt and bring to a boil. When the water has come to a rolling boil, plunge the lobsters headfirst into the pot. Clamp the lid back on tightly and return the water to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium and cook the lobsters for 12 to 18 minutes hardshell lobsters will take the longer time, until the shells turn bright red and the tail meat is firm and opaque when checked.nLift the lobsters out of the water with tongs and drain in a colander. Place underside up on a work surface and, grasping firmly, split the tails lengthwise with a large knife. Drain off the excess liquid. Serve with melted butter and lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 or 3 tablespoons salt, 4 live lobsters about 1 12 pounds each, 12 cup 1 stick melted butter, Lemon wedges], title: Boiled Lobsters, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 58440: {instructions: Make stuffing mix according to the package instructions, but use lowsodium chicken broth instead of water and add cubed chorizo or andouille sausage and a handful of chopped hearty herbs such as rosemary and thyme. Divide the mixture among individual ramekins or muffin tins and bake. If youre using a stovetop stuffing mix, prepare the stuffing, then spoon it into ramekins and heat in a 300 degree F oven for a few minutes, until crusty on top.nPhotograph by Anita Calero, ingredients: [], title: Individual Sausage Stuffing, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 58441: {instructions: Soak the sweetbreads in a large bowl of cold water for 3 hours, changing the water several times. Then remove the sweetbreads from the water and gently pull away as much of the outer membrane as you can, being careful not to tear the flesh. Soak the sweetbreads again for 1 hour, this time in a large bowl of cold water with 1 teaspoon of coarse salt. Remove from the water and peel away more of the membrane. Separate the sweetbreads into its 2 lobes.nFill a medium saucepan with 5 cups cold water, 1 teaspoon coarse salt and the white wine vinegar. Place the sweetbreads in the pan and slowly bring the water to a simmer over moderate heat this should take about 10 minutes. Allow the water to simmer very gently for another 5 minutes. The sweetbreads should be firm on the outside, but still give a little when squeezed. Remove sweetbreads and place them in ice water for 10 minutes to stop the cooking.nDry sweetbreads and place in a heavy loaf pan or a terrine lined with plastic wrap. Cover with another layer of plastic wrap. Place another heavy loaf pan or terrine on top to weigh down the sweetbreads, and place in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or overnight.nWhen ready to cook, bring a large saucepan of water to a boil and cook haricots verts until they are crisp but slightly tender, about 5 minutes. Remove and reserve at room temperature.nIn a small bowl combine the lemon juice with the balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon of the shallots. Slowly whisk in the hazelnut oil. Season to taste with salt and the additional black pepper. Reserve.nPlace 2 tablespoons of the vegetable oil in a large skillet over moderately high heat. When the oil is hot but not smoking, add remaining shallots and saute, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Add mushrooms, making sure the pan is not overcrowded. It may be necessary to saute the mushrooms in 2 batches. Saute with a big pinch of salt, shaking the pan occasionally, until mushrooms are nicely browned, about 5 to 7 minutes. Remove mushrooms from skillet and reserve. If there is liquid in the pan that the mushrooms have given off, boil it until it is reduced to 1 to 2 tablespoons and pour over the mushrooms.nWith a very sharp knife, cut the weighted sweetbreads into broad slices that are about 14 inch thick. Combine the flour, the remaining 2 teaspoons of coarse salt, and the 12 teaspoon of black pepper on a plate and mix well. Add the remaining 3 tablespoons of vegetable oil to the skillet in which the mushrooms cooked, and place over high heat. Dredge sweetbread slices in the seasoned flour on both sides and add to hot oil. Saute, turning, until sweetbreads are browned and crispy on the outside, about 3 minutes. Remove.nToss reserved haricots verts and mushrooms together. Toss mixture with about half the hazelnut vinaigrette. Place onefourth of the mixture on each of 4 plates. Nestle pieces of the crispy sweetbread slices among the haricots verts mushroom mixture, and drizzle the remaining vinaigrette over the sweetbread slices. Garnish with chervil.nSuggested drink: Domaine Laroche Chablis Premier Crus, Les Fourchaumes 1987., ingredients: [1 pound calves sweetbreads, 4 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 pound haricots verts, trimmed at the ends, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 3 tablespoons finely minced shallots, 14 cup hazelnut oil, Salt to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus additional to taste, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 pound wild mushrooms assorted, cleaned and trimmed, 12 cup flour, Fresh chervil for garnish], title: Warm Sweetbread Salad with Haricots Verts, Wild Mushrooms, and Hazelnut Vinaigrette Recipe Courtesy of the Dean and Deluca Cookbook, picturelink: null}, 58442: {instructions: Special equipment: SkewersnIn a saute pan, simmer all ingredients except the frog legs on mediumlow heat for 4 to 7 minutes. Note: If the garlic begins to brown or burn, pull the pan off immediately.nAllow the mixture to cool to room temperature. Place the frog legs in a bowl and pour the cooled mixture over the frog legs.nMix until legs are covered. Place in the refrigerator for 1 to 3 hours, or cover and refrigerate overnight. Remove from the refrigerator and discard the marinade.nHeat grill or pit until flames are barely present in the coals. Place 4 to 6 frog legs on each skewer, touching but not pressed together.nCook directly on the grill for 4 to 6 minutes on each side, 8 to 12 minutes total. Or cook in a mediumheat smoker for at least 12 to 20 minutes or until the meat reaches desired doneness.nServe as is or remake the marinade and drizzle it over the legs., ingredients: [12 to 24 fresh frog legs, 8 to 12 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup chopped green onions or chives, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons minced garlic], title: Honey Island Swamp Frog Leg Skewers, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 58443: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPierce potatoes several times with a fork and wrap in paper towels. Microwave on high for 13 to 15 minutes, until potatoes are cooked through. Remove from microwave and cool until potatoes are easy to handle. Slice potatoes in half lengthwise. Using a spoon, scoop all but 18 inch of the inside of the potato, leaving skin intact. Reserve scooped potato flesh for another use.nBrush both inside and outside of potatoes with oil and sprinkle with salt. Place potatoes, skinside down, on a baking sheet and bake until skins are crisp and edges are golden brown, about 20 minutes.nIn the meantime, prepare the filling. Steam the broccoli until crisptender, about 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and set aside. Spray a nonstick pan with cooking spray and preheat over mediumhigh heat. Add the Canadian bacon and cook until crisp stirring often, about 3 to 4 minutes. Reserve.nTo make avocado cream, combine scallion whites, avocado, sour cream lime juice, cilantro, garlic and salt in the small bowl of a food processor and process on high until smooth. About 30 seconds.nToss the broccoli with cheese and spoon filling evenly among potatoes. Lower oven to 400 degrees F and return potatoes to oven until cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Spoon 1 tablespoon of the avocado cream on top of broccolifilled potatoes, then top with scallion greens and 1 teaspoon crisped bacon bits., ingredients: [8 small Idaho potatoes about 2 12 pounds total, scrubbed and dried, 4 teaspoons canola oil, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 ounces broccoli florets, coarsely chopped about 4 cups, Nonstick cooking spray, 3 pieces Canadian bacon, finely diced about 3 ounces, 34 cup grated extrasharp Cheddar about 3 ounces, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, greens reserved, 1 medium avocado, 2 tablespoons reducedfat sour cream, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 14 cup cilantro leaves, 1 clove garlic, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Broccoli and CheddarStuffed Potato Skins with Avocado Cream, picturelink: EgfWChMJOvSjg4fJziBAUf8wEkQcc16}, 58444: {instructions: Slice the eggplant on the diagonal into 14inch thick slices. Add to a hot grill pan and grill until slices are marked on both sides and the eggplant is tender, about 7 minutes on each side. Season with salt and pepper, remove from grill pan and set aside.nIn a bowl, combine the ginger, garlic, olives, tomatoes, scallions, sesame seeds, zest and rice vinegar.nArrange the eggplant on two plates, top with the vegetable mixture, sprinkle more sesame seeds on top, ingredients: [1 large eggplant, 1 piece of ginger, 1inch square, grated, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 12 cup stuffed jumbo olives, sliced, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 2 scallions, sliced, 1 teaspoon sesame seeds, Zest of 14 lemon, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar], title: Eggplant Appetizer, picturelink: null}, 58445: {instructions: Make sauce: In a small saucepan, combine orange juice, chicken broth, and orange marmalade. Bring to a boil over high heat, and then lower heat and simmer for 15 minutes. If the mixture is too thin, then mix cornstarch with 2 tablespoons orange juice in a small bowl to make a slurry. Add slurry to sauce and briefly return to a boil. Keep warm until ready to serve.nWhile sauce is simmering, heat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle duck on both sides with paprika. Grill on both sides until mediumrare. Transfer duck to serving plates. Pour warm sauce over duck and serve., ingredients: [34 cup orange juice, plus 2 tablespoons, 34 cup chicken broth, 1 cup orange marmalade, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 duck breasts, 1 tablespoon paprika], title: Duck in Orange Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58446: {instructions: Put basil leaves and blossoms in a very clean 1quart glass jar and bruise them with a wooden spoon. Add the chiles and the vinegar and let the mixture steep, covered with the lid, in a cool dark place for at least 4 days and up to 2 weeks, depending on the strength desired. Strain the vinegar through a fine sieve into a glass pitcher, discarding the solids, and pour it into 2 very clean 12pint jars. Add the remaining basil sprigs and seal the jars with the lids., ingredients: [1 cup packed opal basil leaves including any blossoms available at specialty produce markets Sprigs of opal basil for garnish, 6 small dried chiles, 2 cups white wine vinegar], title: OpalBasil Chile Vinegar, picturelink: null}, 58447: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a saucepan and simmer over low heat for 20 minutes. Cool, then puree in a blender or food processor until smooth. This can be stored in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks in a covered container., ingredients: [12 cup very strong black coffee, espresso preferred, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar, 1 onion, peeled and chopped, about 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and crushed, 2 tablespoons dark molasses, 3 fresh hot chili peppers, such as jalapeno, or hotter if desired, seeded, 2 tablespoons hot dry mustard mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons chili powder], title: Black Coffee Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58448: {instructions: Bring water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal in a slow steady stream. Lower heat and continue to whisk until the polenta is thick and smooth, about 20 minutes. Add the cream and butter and continue to stir until incorporated. Remove from heat, fold in Parmesan and black pepper. Pour the polenta into a buttered 9 by 13inch shallow baking dish and spread evenly with a spatula. Cover and chill a few hours. Cut the polenta into squares. Brush both sides with olive oil and transfer to a hot grill. Grill on both sides until golden brown., ingredients: [8 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups polentayellow cornmeal, 13 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, softened, 1 cup grated Parmesan, Fresh cracked black pepper, to taste, Olive oil], title: Grilled Polenta, picturelink: null}, 58449: {instructions: Bring 6 cups water to boil and season with salt and pepper. Add noodles and cook for 6 minutes. When done, pour in 3 cups ice water to stop boiling. Strain but do not rinse. Cover and let rest.nMeanwhile, heat clarified butter in large pan over low heat. Add chile, garlic, oregano, and bay leaf and cook gently. Strain butter and reserve.nPour 12 clarified butter into frying pan on medium heat. Add veal and pork and season with salt and pepper. Let simmer. Cook on both sides.nIn another pan, cook beef in remaining clarified butter over high heat and season with salt and pepper, turning once. Add brandy, flame pan, and add all to pan with veal and pork. To the pan that the beef was cooked in, add mushrooms and stir in 1ounce fresh butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cook on medium heat, then add noodles on top of mushrooms and gently mix the 2 together. Stir in remaining butter.nTransfer meat with slotted spoon to 1 side of serving platter. Pour liquid in pan into noodles and mushrooms. Mix in sour cream and reheat. Serve alongside meat. Dust with parsley and serve., ingredients: [6 cups water, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, Freshly ground white pepper, 12 pound egg noodles, 3 cups ice water, 34 cup clarified butter, 4 serrano chiles, seeded and cut into 14inch slices, 2 cloves garlic, 1 teaspoon oregano, 1 bay leaf, 12 ounces veal tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 34inch slices, 12 ounces pork tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 34inch slices, 12 ounces beef tenderloin, trimmed and cut into 14inch slices, 14 cup brandy, 4 ounces mushrooms, 14 cup salted butter, 10 ounces sour cream, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley], title: Ademas Dos Saute Gourmandise, picturelink: null}, 58450: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a 7inch nonstick ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Cook the onions and peppers until beginning to soften, about 2 minutes. Add the green onions and mushrooms and cook until soft, about another 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nWhisk the eggs in a bowl until well blended and season them with salt and pepper. Pour the eggs over the vegetables in the skillet. Stir constantly with a heatproof rubber spatula. When the eggs are almost cooked, spread them evenly over the pan. Cover the pan and put it into the oven for 1 minute. Remove the cover and sprinkle the cheese evenly over the eggs. Return the skillet to the oven and cook until the cheese is melted, about 2 minutes.nCarefully slide the frittata onto a plate garnish with chives.nNote: Any vegetables can be used. Meat can also be added if it is cooked first., ingredients: [1 teaspoon unsalted butter, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 14 cup finely chopped red bell pepper, 2 green onions, sliced, 2 medium mushrooms, sliced, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 large eggs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 12 teaspoon chopped chives, for garnish], title: Frittata, picturelink: null}, 58451: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a tall glass and stir. Garnish with a fresh strawberry and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces milk, 2 tablespoons strawberry syrup, or to taste, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup, or to taste, Fresh strawberry, for garnish], title: Strawberry Chocolate Milk, picturelink: null}, 58452: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large saucepan over medium heat and add the oil, diced onion and garlic and saute until the onions are golden, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes, pot roast, black beans, chili powder, and 2 cups water. Lower the heat and simmer for 30 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Ladle the chili into serving bowls and sprinkle each bowl with 1 tablespoon of cheese. Serve hot.nFor Pot Roast:nSeason the beef with salt and pepper and lightly coat with flour. Heat the canola oil in a large skillet on mediumhigh heat and brown the meat on all sides. Remove to a platter and set aside. Arrange the carrots, celery and onion in bottom of slow cooker and top with the seared beef. Add the broth, water, garlic, Worcestershire sauce, and thyme, and set the cooker on low for 8 hours. When finished, remove the meat to a serving platter. Let the vegetables and broth cool for about 5 minutes, then add to a blender. Slowly blend until smooth and transfer to a serving bowl. Serve the gravy with the pot roast and roasted root vegetables.nFor Roasted Root Vegetables:nOne hour before the pot roast is done cooking, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Add all the vegetables to a large bowl and add the canola oil, rosemary, thyme, and onion. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and arrange on a sheet tray. Roast for 30 minutes, then toss and roast another 30 minutes. Arrange on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, 12 pound cubed leftover pot roast from Pot Roast with Roasted Root Vegetables, recipe follows, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained, 1 12 tablespoons chili powder, 2 cups water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, 1 12 pounds beef bottom round roast, 2 teaspoons salt, plus more for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 carrots, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 stalks celery, 1 medium yellow onion, 1 15ounce can beef broth, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 carrots, cut into 3inch pieces, 2 russet potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 12 pound turnips, cut into wedges, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon each fresh rosemary and fresh thyme leaves, 1 red onion, sliced], title: Round 2 Recipe  Southwest Beef and Black Bean Chili, picturelink: h81LYUlCvQMNqzrmNBZ0YUmw3zFjz12}, 58453: {instructions: In a castiron or other heavybottomed skillet, heat 12 cup of the vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Add the flour and whisk until combined and just beginning to brown. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and continue to cook, whisking occasionally, until it is a deep peanut butter brown color, 15 minutes. Set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a Dutch oven or large pot over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook until the fat has rendered and is lightly browned. Remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Sprinkle the chicken pieces with 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and brown in the sausage drippings. Remove from the pot and place in the bowl with the sausage. Stir in the tomato paste until smooth and darkens slightly be careful not to burn, about 1 minute. Add the celery, onions, peppers and cayenne to the pot and continue to cook until softened, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until just aromatic, about 30 seconds. Add the chicken broth and 2 cups water and bring to a simmer. Slowly whisk in the warm roux, a bit at a time, until combined. Tie the picking spice in a bit of cheesecloth and add to the pot along with the chicken and sausage. Simmer all together until thickened and the flavors have blended, about 45 minutes.nAdd the shrimp and gumbo file and simmer until the shrimp are just cooked through and the gumbo has thickened, about 5 minutes. Discard the pickling spice bundle. Taste and adjust seasoning with additional salt and pepper. Serve the gumbo over rice.nCooks Note: Pickling spice contains chiles, coriander, cumin, ginger, black pepper, allspice, cinnamon, bay leaves, brown mustard, yellow mustard, cloves and turmeric. You can make your own it you cant find it premade., ingredients: [12 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 8 ounces andouille sausage, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, quartered, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 ribs celery, chopped about 1 cup, 1 large onion, chopped about 2 cups, 1 green bell pepper, chopped about 1 12 cups, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons pickling spice, 1 12 pounds medium shrimp, 2125 count, peeled and deveined, tails removed, 12 teaspoon gumbo file, Hot cooked white rice, for serving, Special equipment: cheesecloth], title: Surf and Turf Gumbo, picturelink: k13XLyIm.HLNQ3ulc54jm7vCyvv5.}, 58454: {instructions: Rim half the glass with sugar. Add triple sec, lemon juice and Smirnoff No.21 Vodka. Shake with ice and strain into a prechilled martini glass., ingredients: [1.25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, 0.25 oz. triple sec, 0.75 oz. lemon juice], title: Smirnoff Lemon Drop Martini, picturelink: hHAHx131hp5OUgUiX9CmFRClmUIoVO}, 58455: {instructions: Wash the chiles, leaving the stems intact. Cut a cross in the tip of each chile so the vinegar can penetrate.nIn a large heavy skillet, over a mediumhigh heat, heat the olive oil until it smokes. Reduce the heat to medium and add the onions, chiles, carrots, and garlic. Cook for about 10 minutes, stirring from time to time. Add the vinegar, salt, bay leaves, oregano, marjoram, and thyme. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes longer.nPack 6 sterilized pint jars with the chile mixture, top with the vinegar, and seal. Process according to USDA guidelines., ingredients: [1 12 pounds Serrano chiles, 34 cup olive oil, 2 medium white onions, thickly sliced, 3 medium carrots, peeled and thickly sliced, 1 head garlic, cloves separated but not peeled, 3 cups mild white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sea salt, 1 bay leaf, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 3 sprigs fresh marjoram, 3 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Chiles Serranos en Escabeche, picturelink: null}, 58456: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the hot sauce: In a blender, carefully blenderize the chipotle peppers, serrano chiles and pepper oil. This stuff is hot Be careful with splatter Reserve.nFor the chicken: In a large braiser or saucepot, warm 34 cup of the olive oil over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the onions, garlic, basil, oregano, salt, black pepper, cayenne and red pepper flakes. Stir well and cook until the onions are translucent.nStir the fresh chopped bell peppers into the onion mixture. Stir to coat. Add the reserved hot sauce. Continue cooking for 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the tomato sauce, heavy cream, Romano and sugar. Whisk wellnLower the heat until the sauce slightly bubbles, and stir well. Turn the heat to low or off while sauteing the chicken strips and cooking the rigatoni noodles.nWhen the sauce is nearing doneness, cook the rigatoni noodles according to package directions. I like to precook my pasta for sauteed pasta dishes such as this. Precooking rigatoni to near doneness, straining and holding at room temperature, or completely chilling down if holding for several hours or more and then dunking in hot, boiling water prior to sauteing works well.nFor the chicken saute, heat a large saute pan with the remaining olive oil. First, sprinkle the chicken strips with 1 teaspoon salt more or less, and add to the hot olive oil, one layer at a time. Do not overcrowd the pan. Cook in batches if necessary. Add a dash of black pepper if desired. Flip and shake the chicken pieces around in the hot pan to sear all sides. Cook until opaque and lightly brown, about 4 minutes. Set aside.nToss the tomato sauce and chicken in a large bowl in halfbatches, or altogether. Pour onto a serving platter or individual pasta bowls. Garnish with locatelli cheese and reserved fresh scallions., ingredients: [12 can chipotle pepper in adobe sauce, 10 serrano chiles, stemmed, rough chop, 34 cup hot pepper oil chili oil, 34 cup olive oil plus 3 to 4 tablespoons, 1 red onion, small dice, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh garlic, 1 tablespoon dry basil, 1 tablespoon dry oregano, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling, 1 teaspoon black pepper, plus more for sprinkling, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 1 green bell pepper, small dice, 1 red bell pepper, small dice, 1 yellow bell pepper, small dice, 8 cups favorite tomato sauce, 6 cups heavy cream, 2 cups grated Romano, 14 cup sugar, 1 to 1 12 pounds dried rigatoni noodles, 2 pounds chicken breast, cut into strips, Shredded locatelli cheese, or favorite grated cheese, for serving, 4 scallions, fine dice retain for final garnish], title: Wicked Chicken Riggies, picturelink: eqqc1XchCHBt4sd0np8ENYdDLHtZU2}, 58457: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chicken and turkey in a large saucepan over medium heat and cook until slightly browned. Add to a 4quart slow cooker along with the beans, broth, tomato sauce, stewed tomatoes, lime juice, celery, corn, bell peppers, jalapeno, onions, cilantro, garlic, chili powder and cumin. You can cook on high for a faster chili that will be ready in 3 hours. Or you cook on low for 6 hours. Set the dial, enjoy your day and come home to a healthy meal., ingredients: [8 ounces cagefree boneless chicken breasts, cubed, 8 ounces ground lean turkey, 34 cup canned small black beans, 34 cup canned great Northern white beans, 4 cups nosodiumMSG chicken or vegetable broth, 2 cups canned organic lowsodium tomato sauce, 1 cup canned nosodium stewed tomatoes, 14 cup lime juice, 34 cup chopped celery, 34 cup corn frozen, canned or fresh, 12 green bell pepper, chopped, 12 orange bell pepper, chopped, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 12 yellow bell pepper, chopped, 12 fresh jalapeno, minced, 12 cup chopped yellow onion, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin], title: Healthy Slow Cooker Chili, picturelink: e.syJth0sY0UXPtWSjllw63sjsmA8yO}, 58458: {instructions: Cut coneshaped hole in top of cupcake. Remove cone and cut off tip. Fill cavity in cupcake with cream filling. Replace cone top. Ice with soft ganache or icing.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 2 10 by 3 by 9inch cake pans or cupcake molds. Cream butter and sugar. Add cocoa and cream. Add eggs, one at a time, creaming well after each addition. Sift together dry ingredients. On first speed, add dry ingredients in three stages, alternating with water, beginning and ending with dry. Mix only until well blended do not overmix. Pour into prepared pans and bake 35 to 45 minutes or until done. Cool in pan before turning out.nCream sugar and shortening until light and fluffy. In separate bowl, mix milk and flour. Beat milk mix into sugar mix and beat until well blended. Add salt and vanilla.nMelt chocolate in microwave or on top of double boiler. Bring cream to boil. Pour cream and melted chocolate into mixing bowl. Beat at low or medium speed for approximately 5 minutes. Let cool thoroughly before use, or refrigerate until ready to use. Ganache can be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for one month. To use ganache, remove from refrigerator and soften at room temperature or in microwave until useful consistency., ingredients: [Chocolate cupcakes recipe follows, Cream filling recipe follows, Ganache recipe follows or other fudgy chocolate icing, 1 cup butter, 2 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa, 14 cup heavy cream, 4 large eggs, 2 34 cups all purpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 cups water, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 12 cup evaporated milk, 13 cup all purpose flour, Dash of salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 10 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Magic Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 58459: {instructions: In a saucepan, combine the heavy cream, milk, and sugar and bring to a boil.nIn a separate bowl, combine the egg yolks and white pepper. Once the cream mixture has come to a boil, temper with the egg mixture. Place mixture in saucepan and heat until mixture thickens slightly and reaches 180 degrees F, stirring constantly.nCool mixture in an ice bath. Once cooled, place mixture in ice cream machine and freeze according to manufactures instructions., ingredients: [12 ounces heavy cream, 16 ounces milk, 4 ounces sugar, 8 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon white pepper], title: White Pepper Ice Cream, picturelink: 8CfEw.dqOpkubjTV7snK7zYljr7eR36}, 58460: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, turning, until crisp. Drain the bacon on paper towels, reserving 2 tablespoons bacon drippings.nForm the beef into four 6ounce patties, about 34 inch thick press the center of each patty with your thumb to make a 12inchdeep indentation. Season the patties on both sides with salt and pepper. Lightly brush the grill grates with vegetable oil, then grill the patties, indentationside up, until marked on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Flip and cook until marked and slightly firm, about 3 more minutes for medium doneness. Remove the patties to a plate and let rest 5 minutes. Grill the buns, cutside down, until lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in the same skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggs and fry until the yolks are set but still runny, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nWhisk the mustard, the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, the reserved 2 tablespoons bacon drippings and the shallot in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Add the frisee and toss season with salt and pepper.nSpread the bun bottoms with mustard. Top with the burger patties, bacon, frisee salad and fried eggs. Cover with the bun tops.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 1 12 pounds ground beef, preferably chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Vegetable oil, for the grill, 4 crusty buns, split, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, plus more for spreading, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 small bunch frisee, torn], title: Bistro Burgers, picturelink: LICfMI4aLuuiXQ9RWQ.ujdQH7g4lMPe}, 58461: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPeel and seed squash. Score 1 squash with a knife and season with olive oil and salt. Roast in oven until browned and cooked through. Puree in food processor. Dice other squash and saute in a pan in olive oil. Heat rice in a little olive oil. Slowly add stock, 2 ounces at a time, until absorbed. Once rice is fully cooked fold in butter, Parmesan, and mascarpone. Add squash puree, to taste, and fold in the sauteed diced squash. Season and garnish with sorrel.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 large butternut squash, Olive oil, Salt, 5 ounces Aborrio rice, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, Micro sorrel, for garnish], title: Butternut Squash Risotto, picturelink: null}, 58462: {instructions: Special equipment: bamboo steamer basketnBring a wok or large pot filled halfway with water to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Divide the fish between 2 plates that will fit into the basket layers of a bamboo steamer. Sprinkle the fish with sea salt and freshly ground white pepper. Drizzle 1 to 2 tablespoons of the pineapple juice over each plate of fish. Place the plates into the steamer, cover and set on top of the simmering water. Steam the fish until the flesh turns white and pulls apart easily, 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the steamer basket from the wok and set aside, keeping the fish covered.nFor the sauce: Place a wok over high heat and when the wok is hot, add the oil. Add the garlic and ginger and cook until fragrant, less than 1 minute. Add the red peppers and onions and toss to cook until tender, another minute. Add the pineapple chunks and their juice. Add the vinegar, soy sauce and brown sugar. Cook until the sauce thickens a bit 1 to 2 more minutes.nRemove the fish to a platter. Season the sauce if needed and pour over the fish. Garnish with the sliced scallion., ingredients: [4 tablespoons pineapple or orange juice, 1 pound cod fillets, cut into 2inch chunks, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon peeled and grated ginger, 1 red pepper, cut into 12inch chunks, 1 yellow onion, cut into 12inch chunks, One 8ounce can pineapple chunks in juice, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 1 heaping tablespoon cornstarch, 1 scallion, sliced, for garnish], title: Sweet and Sour Fish Fillets, picturelink: null}, 58463: {instructions: Mix together the beef, lamb, rice, olive oil, salt, mint, parsley, pepper, oregano and onions. This is the filling. Next, rinse the grape leaves and separate in a colander. Place 2 to 3 grape leaves stemside up on a work station they should overlap each other. Place desired amount of filling in the center and roll, folding in the sides. Repeat with the remaining grape leaves and filling. Arrange tightly together in a stockpot. Once the stockpot is full, cut the lemons in half and put on top. Cover with beef stock and simmer until the rice is soft, 30 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground lamb, 1 cup white rice, 12 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon crushed mint, 1 tablespoon dried parsley, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 yellow onion, finely ground, 1 jar grape leaves, 6 lemons, Beef stock, for simmering], title: Dolmas, picturelink: null}, 58464: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper set aside.nCut a small hole in the center of the flesh of each fig. Fill each hole with 14 teaspoon of goat cheese.nTake a prosciutto slice and tear in half. Use 1 half to diagonally wrap around the fig, starting from the top. Tuck underneath at the ends. Repeat until all figs are wrapped. Secure with toothpicks if necessary. Place wrapped figs on prepared baking sheet, evenly spaced.nIn a small bowl, combine honey and pumpkin pie spice. Drizzle honey evenly over each fig.nPlace in the oven on the top rack and roast for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large whole figs or 16 small mission figs, quartered, Goat cheese, 1 3ounce package prosciutto, 3 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice], title: Prosciutto Wrapped Figs, picturelink: g3VgK8VpngWSGXsojjiRAAcu6WR6f9O}, 58465: {instructions: For the salad: In a large mixing bowl, combine the kale, radishes and fennel. Add the olive oil, lemon juice, zest and a pinch of salt, and toss to combine. Set aside.nFor the dressing: Add a pinch of salt to a large wooden salad bowl. Rub the inside of the bowl with the garlic clove, using the salt as an abrasive. Add the anchovy and mash with the back of a spoon. Add the yolk and olive oil, and whisk to combine. Add the kale mixture to the dressing and toss to coat.nFor the topping: Mix the breadcrumbs with the Parmesan and parsley, and sprinkle on top of the salad., ingredients: [5 cups shredded baby kale, 3 breakfast radishes, thinly sliced, 1 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Juice and zest of 1 lemon, Kosher salt, Kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, peeled, 1 oilpacked anchovy fillet, 1 egg yolk, About 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup toasted breadcrumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Kale Caesar Salad, picturelink: null}, 58466: {instructions: In a nonstick pan over medium heat add the butter. Once the butter melts add the brown sugar and let the sugar melt and become bubbly. Add the bananas and cook until caramelized, about 2 minutes per side. Let cool slightly. Mix the ice, ice cream, milk, vanilla and bananas in a blender until smooth but still thick. Pour the shake into 4 chilled glasses and sprinkle with the cinnamon., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 3 small or 2 large ripe bananas, halved lengthwise, 1 cup ice, 1 cup vanilla ice cream, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, for garnishing], title: Caramelized Banana Shake, picturelink: F2NzhfJlD0Pn5jUJKNUBjP8qE7jXWwm}, 58467: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the onion, carrot, celery, garlic, thyme leaves, and bay leaf and saute until the onion turns translucent. Add the zucchini and summer squash, and salt and black pepper, to taste. Stir to coat with the onion mixture. Sprinkle red bell pepper over squash. Reduce heat to mediumlow. Cover and cook until tender about 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving dish and garnish with fresh basil., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large onion, diced, 1 carrot, peeled and diced small, 1 stalk celery, diced small, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 bay leaf, 2 zucchini, cut into 12inch thick slices, 2 summer squash, cut into 12inch thick slices, Salt and pepper, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and diced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves], title: Taming of the Squash Stew, picturelink: HKu6ZK10Kz9zLK5yxuY6b8nA0Do4Vhi}, 58468: {instructions: Bring a kettle of salted water to a boil. Cook pasta until al dente and drain well in a colander. In a bowl toss together pasta, parsley, garlic, onion, olives, capers, and salt and pepper to taste. Drizzle mixture with lemon juice and olive oil and toss. Add tuna and toss to combine., ingredients: [1 pound penne or ziti, 1 cup fresh flatleafed parsley leaves, washed, dried, and chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic minced to a fine paste, 1 small red onion, minced, 1 cup nicoise or calamata olives, drained and pitted, 14 cup drained capers, chopped, Salt and pepper to taste, Fresh lemon juice, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 6ounce cans tuna, drained 1 pound penne or ziti, 2 6ounce cans tuna, drained], title: Penne with Tuna, Capers and Parsley, picturelink: null}, 58469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nHeat the oil in large ovenproof pot over high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Working in 2 batches if necessary, cook the chicken in the pot until golden brown on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a bowl. Carefully add the potatoes to the same pot and cook until they are golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Add the wine and stir to scrape up any brown bits on the bottom of the pot. Add the broth, oregano, and thyme. Return the chicken to the pot. Stir to combine. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat.nCover and bake in the oven until the chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Transfer the chicken to a platter. Arrange the potatoes around chicken. Add the artichoke hearts to the sauce in the pot. Cover and simmer over high heat until the artichokes are tender, stirring often, about 4 minutes. Turn heat to low. Stir in the butter. Pour the sauce over chicken and potatoes, and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 chicken thighs with skin and bones, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 pounds small redskinned potatoes, halved, 4 large garlic cloves, minced, 34 cup dry white wine, 34 cup chicken broth, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 8 ounces frozen artichoke hearts or 1 cup frozen lima beans, thawed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Chicken Vesuvio, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 58470: {instructions: Place the cold rice in a bowl. Drain or pat your cold stirfry to get as much of the sauce off as possible. We like to use Orange Chicken. Chop up the stirfry into small pieces. There can be a mixture of rice and veggies. Add it to the bowl of rice. Crack an egg over the top and stir everything together.nNow its time to get messy. Get your hands in the bowl and roll little balls of your mixture. When you have a small ball, roll to completely coat in the panko.nHeat up the oil in a pan and fry the balls until crispy.nIn another small saucepan, mix the soy sauce and vinegar. Simmer on low for 15 minutes. Serve the arancini with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [1 to 2 cups leftover rice, 1 cup leftover stirfry, 1 large egg, 1 cup panko, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup soy sauce, 4 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Leftover Chinese Food Arancini, picturelink: null}, 58471: {instructions: Special equipment: Electric blender Iron skillet, crepe pan, or Tefloncoated frying pannIn a blender, combine all the ingredients except for the cooking oil and blend for 1 minute on high. Refrigerate the batter for 2 hours.nUsing a pastry brush, lightly brush the skillet with oil and place over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is just beginning to smoke, remove from heat, and pour 14 cup of the batter in the middle of the pan and quickly tilt in all directions for 2 or 3 seconds to evenly distribute the batter. Return the pan to the heat and when slightly brown on the underside, turn the crepe with a spatula onto the other side and cook for a few seconds. Remove from pan. Repeat with remaining batter., ingredients: [34 cup cold milk, 34 cup cold water, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 13 cups allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons melted butter, 3 tablespoons cooking oil], title: Crepe Batter Recipe, picturelink: null}, 58472: {instructions: 1. Cut the grapes crosswise, then freeze. Puree the cantaloupe with the sugar in a blender.n2. In a pitcher, combine the frozen grapes, pureed cantaloupe, lemon slices, mint sprigs, and wine. Ladle into glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 cup seedless green grapes, 4 cups cubed cantaloupe about 1 large cantaloupe, seeded and peeled, 13 to 12 cup sugar, 12 lemon, thinly sliced, Fresh mint sprigs, 1 750 ml bottle chilled pinot grigio], title: Cantaloupe Sangria, picturelink: bkEhb1u8hVAcMgdxjKVJJe8fS6uxPIC}, 58473: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the chicken breasts on the diagonal into wide flat strips and season with salt, to taste. In a large bowl, combine the Dijon and the yogurt, toss in the chicken and stir to coat evenly.nPulse, pulse, pulse the crackers in a food processor until they look like fine crumbs. Add the wheat germ and toasted almonds and pulse until it is a homogeneous mixture. Put this mixture into a wide flat dish. Roll the marinated chicken in this mixture, 1 piece at a time, pressing the crackerwheat germ mixture to evenly crust each piece. Lay the prepared chicken onto a sheet tray fitted with a rack. Baking the chicken on a rack will allow the air to circulate around the chicken to cook it evenly and make it crispy.nBake the chicken in the preheated oven until the chicken is cooked through but not dry, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove the chicken from the oven to a serving platter and serve with the Dipping Sauce.nCombine all the ingredients in a bowl.nDip the chicken fingers in this and say yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuummmyy, ingredients: [2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Kosher salt, 12 cup Dijon mustard, 12 cup low fat plain yogurt, 1 sleeve about 25 saltine crackers, crumbled, 1 cup toasted wheat germ, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, optional, Ranch Dipping Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 1 12 cups low fat yogurt, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons celery salt, 2 shakes hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped chives, Kosher salt], title: Dijon, Saltine and Wheat Germ Crusted Chicken Fingers with Ranch Dipping Sauce, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 58474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFill a cocktail shaker with ice, add ingredients and shake well. Pour into a highball glass and garnish with a maraschino cherry., ingredients: [1 part dark rum, 1 part guava juice, 12 lime, juiced, 12 orange, juiced, 1 teaspoon sugar, Dash grenadine, Slice mango, Maraschino cherry], title: Beach Paradise, picturelink: dVdi9qqOI5HHGTm8HzquCjIsG4WvaYW}, 58475: {instructions: Heat the butter in a 10inch skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook until tender. Remove the onion mixture from the skillet.nCook the beef in the skillet over mediumhigh heat until well browned, stirring often to separate meat. Pour off any fat.nStir the onion mixture, taco seasoning, soup, sour cream and picante sauce in the skillet and cook until the mixture is hot and bubbling, stirring often. Serve the beef mixture over the noodles., ingredients: [2 teaspoons butter, 1 medium onion, chopped about 12 cup, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound ground beef, 1 package about 1 ounce taco seasoning mix, 1 can 10 34 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed Cream of Mushroom with Roasted Garlic Soup, 34 cup sour cream, 14 cup Paceu00ae Picante Sauce, Hot cooked egg noodles], title: Mexican Stroganoff, picturelink: vA7ULpU7ZwcMTDVtDrPxuueL5lSExTO}, 58476: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Grease and flour 9inch round cake pan. Cut pear halves into thin slices.nIn medium bowl, stir together Bisquick mix, sugar, milk and margarine. Pour into pan. Arrange pear slices in circular pattern on batter sprinkle with cinnamon.nBake about 40 minutes or until golden brown and toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Top each serving with yogurt., ingredients: [1 can 16 oz pear halves, drained, 1 34 cups Bisquick Heart Smart mix, 13 cup sugar, 23 cup fatfree skim milk, 14 cup margarine or butter, melted, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 23 cup plain fatfree yogurt], title: Pear Brunch Cake, picturelink: eIgPwTkYuNoxqrcwNG1tEo3Esv.8N7G}, 58477: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the milk, tequila, and lime curd in a blender and blend until combined. Add the ice cream and blend until smooth. Serve in a tall glass with a straw and garnish with orange zest., ingredients: [14 cup whole milk, 1 shot tequila, 3 tablespoons prepared key lime curd, 12 ounces best quality vanilla ice cream recommended: HaagenDazs, Orange zest, for garnish], title: Key Lime Tequila Milkshake, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 58478: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the bacon to a large Dutch oven and cook over medium heat until light golden not crisp. Drain off the excess fat, and then add the onions. Cook until the bacon and onions are golden brown. Add the green beans and tomatoes to the pan. Sprinkle in salt, black pepper and cayenne pepper to taste. Stir gently to combine, and then and cover the pot and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for 1 hour., ingredients: [8 slices bacon regular, not thick cut, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 pounds fresh green beans, trimmed, Three 14.5ounce cans whole tomatoes with juice, Salt and black pepper, Cayenne pepper], title: Green Beans and Tomatoes, picturelink: sQHgs1Eh2x7Psg5Ihon3X2jdQqNOwsq}, 58479: {instructions: Boil the potatoes. After the eggs, potatoes, and bacon are cooked you must dice the ingredients. Mix all ingredients together and serve in Grandmas glass tumblers. Dip rims in water and dip in paprika and finish it off with a fresh mint or basil leaf., ingredients: [8 to 10 Idaho potatoes, 4 to 5 boiled eggs, 12 pound bacon cooked and crumbled, 2 celery ribs, 2 tablespoons diced pimentos, 34 teaspoons steak dust recommended: Bob Tallmans cowboy blend of garlic, black pepper, sea salt, onion, and sugar, 14 teaspoon panhandle pepper recommended: Bob Tallmans cowboy orange seasoning  gourmet black pepper, garlic, onion, and orange oil, 12 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, Paprika, mint or basil leaves, for garnish], title: Boiled Potato Salad, picturelink: xEST1jNkOqE3n2iXu8LuxBrHoM0rnW}, 58480: {instructions: Arrange 2 oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Whisk together the flour, ginger, baking soda, cardamom, salt and 2 teaspoons black pepper in a medium bowl set aside. Beat the brown sugar and butter together with an electric mixer at mediumhigh speed until pale and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides, add the egg and beat to combine. Add the molasses and beat to combine. Slowly add the flour mixture and beat until just combined.nShape the dough into walnutsized balls, about 1 tablespoon each, then roll them in sanding sugar. Place the cookies 2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets and flatten slightly.nBake, rotating halfway through, until puffy and crackled on top, about 10 minutes. Cool on baking sheets for 5 minutes, then remove to a wire rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile fold the cayenne, 12 cup crystalized ginger, and 4 teaspoons black pepper into the ice cream. Allow to refreeze for 10 minutes. Once the ice cream is hard enough to scoop, sandwich about 14 cup ice cream between pairs of cookies. Refreeze for at least 2 hours.nCombine the remaining 14 cup crystallized ginger with the remaining 4 teaspoons pepper in a medium bowl. Roll the ice cream sandwich sides in the mixture. Serve immediately or individually wrap in plastic and keep in the freezer for up to 1 week., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon ground cardamom, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 10 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 1 14 cups dark brown sugar, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large egg, 14 cup molasses, 12 cup sanding sugar, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 34 cup chopped crystalized ginger, 2 quarts slightly softened vanilla ice cream], title: Black Pepper Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: 9R8nL5sqxZE.QBffdTQ8E.4DoFJau}, 58481: {instructions: Sprinkle the rabbit with salt and pepper. Heat a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and the rabbit pieces except for the belly, and sear on both sides until golden brown, about 4 minutes per side. Remove to a plate.nChop the rabbit belly finely. Add to the same pot and saute the rabbit bellies with the anchovies and garlic. Use your wooden spoon to break up the anchovies, and saute until the garlic is fragrant and the anchovies are melted. Add the carrots, onions and celery and saute until tender and just beginning to turn golden. Stir in the wine and cook until the sharp wine smell cooks away, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and their juices along with the olives, and give a good stir.nAdd the rabbit to the pot, making sure the pieces are just covered by the tomatoes, and stir to coat with the sauce. Cover with a lid. Bring to a simmer and add the bay leaves. Simmer on low for 35 to 40 minutes. Serve sprinkled with chopped parsley., ingredients: [One 3 to 4pound rabbit a roaster, cut into 12 pieces 4 foreleg pieces, 4 hind legs pieces, 2 loin pieces and 2 saddle pieces, belly separated from ribs and reserved, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 4 oilpacked anchovy fillets, 4 cloves garlic, cut in quarters, 2 carrots, finely chopped, 2 small red onions, finely chopped, 1 celery stalk, finely chopped, 34 to 1 cup red wine try a nice Chianti, 2 12 cups chopped Roma tomatoes with their juices, 12 cup pitted black olives, 2 fresh bay leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: Rabbit Cacciatora, picturelink: null}, 58482: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPork: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Season the pork with salt, pepper and cumin. Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a large Dutch oven until it begins to shimmer. Add the pork and cook until golden brown on all sides.nAdd the stock, juices, vinegar, garlic, onions, bay leaves and oregano, bring to a simmer, cover and transfer to the oven. Braise until fork tender between 180 and 190 degrees F, about 1 12 hour to 2 hours. Remove from the oven, transfer pork to a platter and let rest 15 minutes before slicing or shredding.nStrain the braising liquid into a medium pan, bring to a boil and let reduced slightly, adding honey and salt and pepper if needed. Toss some of the braising liquid with the shredded pork to moisten.nHomemade Pickles: Put the sliced cucumber in a medium bowl which has a fitted lid.nCombine 1 cup of water, the vinegar, dill, sugar, garlic, salt, dill, mustard and coriander seeds in a small saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil. Cook until the sugar and salt is dissolved. Remove from the heat and taste for tartness, add more sugar if too sour and let cool to room temperature.nPour the cooled liquid over the cucumbers, cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours and up to 48 hours, stirring the mixture at least once.nRoasted GarlicDijon Aioli: Whisk together mayonnaise, mustard and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before using to allow the flavors to meld.nFor Sandwiches: Spread both cut sides of the bread with a tablespoon or so of aioli. Add the pork, a few slices ham, and a generous layer of pickles. Top with a few slices cheese.nPress the sandwiches in a hot panini grill until outside is toasty and cheese is melted., ingredients: [1 4 to 5 pound bonein pork shoulder, excess fat trimmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Canola oil, 3 cups chicken stock, 1 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar, 1 head garlic, cloves removed and peeled, 2 medium Spanish onions, peeled and coarsely chopped, 2 bay leaves, Clover Honey, Handfull fresh oregano, stems with leaves, 3 Kirby cucumbers, sliced into 18inch thick slices, 2 cups plus 2 tablespoons distilled white vinegar, 34 cup packed coarsely chopped fresh dill, 23 tablespoons sugar, 2 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon dill seeds, 12 teaspoon whole mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 cup prepared mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 5 cloves roasted garlic, pureed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 to 10 Cuban breads, sliced 34 of way through, Roasted GarlicDijon Aioli, Shredded pork, Homemade Pickles, 1 pound thinly sliced Swiss cheese, 1 pound thinly sliced goodquality ham], title: Throwdown Cuban Sandwich with Homemade Pickles, picturelink: NHdmQgHzTT789Jf30R3nHZcoZz.KBK}, 58483: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter and flour a 15 12 by 10 12 by 1inch jelly roll pan set aside.nCombine the butter, yolks, sugar, cinnamon and flour and mix until you form a cohesive ball of dough. Spread the dough onto the prepared jelly roll pan and bake for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile cook the almonds, sugar, butter, honey and milk, stirring on occasion, until the mixture is light golden.nRemove baked dough spread almonds mixture over the top and bake for 15 to 20 minutes longer until dark golden. Cool and cut into squares or rectangles be sure to cut the cookies before they turn too hard., ingredients: [12 pound butter, 2 egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, Scant 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups unsifted flour, 12 pound sliced blanched almonds, 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons milk], title: Aunt Giseles Caramel Cookies, picturelink: null}, 58484: {}, 58485: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove from pan and drain on a brown paper bag or paper towels and reserve the fat in the pan. Chop the bacon when cooled and reserve.nTo the same skillet with reserved bacon fat, add the onions and mushroom stems and cook until the onions are translucent and the mushrooms are browned, about 5 minutes.nIn a large bowl mix together the eggs, milk, herbs and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the cheese, the reserved bacon and the mushroom mixture.nPour the filling into the pie crust. Put on a baking sheet and bake until the quiche has set and top and crust has browned, about 30 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 12 medium onion, diced, Mushroom stems, leftover from Bacon Stuffed Mushrooms recipe, chopped, 5 eggs, 12 cup milk, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 1 frozen, premade pie shell in the foil pie plate], title: Round 2 RecipeBacon and Mushroom Quiche, picturelink: null}, 58486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium sized bowl whisk together the oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, cumin, coriander, and salt. Add the chicken to the marinade and toss to coat. Marinate the chicken for 20 minutes. While the chicken is marinating, soak the skewers in water if wooden.nThread 4 pieces of the chicken and 4 grapes onto the skewers, alternating them. Spray a grill pan with cooking spray and preheat over a mediumhigh heat, or prepare an outdoor grill. Grill the chicken until cooked through, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Sprinkle with mint and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breast, cut into 34inch cubes, 8 10inch skewers, 1 12 cups seedless green grapes, Cooking spray, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Spiced Chicken and Grape Skewers, picturelink: Ln7BYyZTeJZ9uhP7Ursr2YTTE2PNnC}, 58487: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: 12 10inchlong pieces of kitchen stringnPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a heavy baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nFor the dressing: In a small bowl, whisk the red wine vinegar, oregano, fennel seed, mustard, salt, pepper and garlic. Gradually whisk in the oil.nFor the chicken: In a medium bowl, combine the salami, pepperoncini, prosciutto, provolone and tomatoes with 14 cup of the dressing toss to blend evenly.nPlace the chicken breasts, smoothside down on the work surface with the thickest part at the top and the straight side on the left. Using a very sharp knife and starting on the right side, cut each chicken breast almost in half horizontally stopping close to the left side, creating a pocket for stuffing. Open the chicken breasts like a book.nMound a fourth of the stuffing onto the right side of the breast, and press firmly to compact. Fold the left side flap of the chicken tightly over the stuffing. Lay three 10inch pieces of string on the work surface 1 to 112 inches apart. Place the chicken on the strings and tie the strings around the chicken at intervals to keep the flap closed over the stuffing. Press in any stuffing pieces that fall out.nPlace the chicken breasts on the prepared baking sheet. Drizzle with 14 cup of the dressing.nRoast until the chicken is cooked through, 18 to 20 minutes. Using tongs, transfer the chicken to a sheet of foil. Let rest 5 minutes.nFor serving: Divide the arugula among four plates. Cut the strings off the chicken. Cut each breast on a slight diagonal into 12inchwide slices. Fan the slices of one breast over the arugula on each plate. Drizzle with the dressing and serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 teaspoon ground fennel seed, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 large clove garlic, minced, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 slices Genoa salami 2 ounces, chopped, 4 thin slices prosciutto, chopped, 4 slices provolone cheese 4 ounces, chopped, 4 large pepperoncini, stemmed, chopped, 4 oilpacked sundried tomato halves, chopped, Four 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 4 cups baby arugula about 4 ounces, lightly packed], title: Antipasti Stuffed Chicken, picturelink: .GlyOLxttLAR6xN8zt1OxpNZ3Q2e.}, 58488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill to indirect heat, low setting, approximately 325 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, add the lamb, garlic, red onion and feta. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Mix well with your hands. Form the mixture into 16 small patties about 2 12 inches in diameter and 1 14inch thick. Use your index finger to press a shallow dimple into the center of each patty. Cover and place in the refrigerator until ready to grill.nIn a small bowl, combine the balsamic vinegar, pomegranate molasses and soy sauce.nOil a paper towel with the canola oil and wipe down the grill grates several times to well coat with the oil. Immediately place the patties on the grill dimpleside down and cook for 8 minutes. Turn over, baste the tops with the balsamic mixture and cook for 4 to 6 minutes more or to 130 degrees F for medium rare and 140 degrees F for medium.nRemove from the grill and place on the Hawaiian sweet rolls or potato rolls. Add 2 slices of cucumber and a teaspoon of the Mint Aioli. Serve garnished with mint leaves.nMince the garlic, and then sprinkle the salt on top, and continue to mince and smash the salt into the garlic to form a paste. In a small bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade, blend the yolks, garlic paste, lemon juice and mustard powder. Slowly add the olive oil to the yolk mixture in a very slow steady stream until the mixture is emulsified. Add the fresh mint and pepper and pulse until incorporated. Refrigerate., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground lamb, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 14 cup finely diced red onion, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon pomegranate molasses, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 16 small Hawaiian sweet rolls or potato rolls, 12 medium cucumber, peeled and sliced paper thin, Mint Aioli, recipe follows, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish, 4 cloves garlic, 14 teaspoon sea salt, 2 egg yolks, organic if possible, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon mustard powder, 14 cup extra light, extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped fresh mint, 14 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper], title: Lamb and Feta Sliders with Mint Aioli, picturelink: PMBlwehInAaVihQ8ShU0PcsiEI6MVZS}, 58489: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet. Add onions and peppers and saute for about a minute. Cover and cook until onions are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the carrots, tomatoes and their juices, cumin, saffron and crushed pepper. Cover and cook until carrots are tender, about 5 minutesnAdd chick peas and monkfish. Cover and simmer until fish is cooked through, about 10 minutes While fish is cooking, bring fish stock to a boil. Add couscous and immediately remove from heat. Let couscous steep about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and add butter season to taste with salt and pepper. Ladle couscous in a bowl and ladle soupy monkfish stew over the top., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 green bell peppers, finely chopped, 4 carrots, thinly sliced, 14 oz can plum tomatoes, chopped with juices, 12 teaspoon each ground cumin, crumbled saffron and hot red pepper, 1 12 pounds skinless monkfish fillet, cut into 34inch chunks, 2 cups fish stock or clam juice, 10ounce box 1 34 cups plain couscous, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and pepper], title: Spiked Monkfish Over Couscous, picturelink: null}, 58490: {instructions: Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line a 9 by 13inch baking pan with parchment paper, so that the edges of the paper come up the sides. Lightly butter the paper.nPut both the semisweet and unsweetened chocolates and the butter in a heatproof medium bowl. Fill a medium saucepan with a couple inches of water and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Turn off the heat set the bowl of chocolate over the water to melt. Whisk until smooth. Alternatively, melt in a microwave at half power, for 1 minute, stir and then heat for another minute or until melted.nWhisk the flour and salt in a bowl.nIn a large bowl whisk together the eggs, sugar, and vanilla. Stir the chocolate mixture into the egg mixture until smooth. Add the dry ingredients and mix until just blended. Take care not to over mix the batter. Transfer the batter to the prepared pan.nFor the marble swirl: Whisk the cream cheese with the sugar, egg, and vanilla until smooth. Drop very large spoonfuls of the cream cheese mixture onto the surface of the brownie batter. Insert a butter knife through the batter to the bottom of the pan. With the flat edge of the knife, make swirling motions through the batters, occasionally lifting the knife through the top, until the dark and light batters are marbled.nBake until a toothpick inserted into the center of the brownies comes out coated with a fudgey crumb, 30 to 35 minutes. Cool the brownies in the pan on a rack.nTo take the brownies out of the pan, lift the edges of the paper. Cut the brownies into squares. Serve.nCopyright 2003 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved, ingredients: [12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, plus more for the pan, 3 ounces finely chopped semisweet chocolate, 3 ounces finely chopped unsweetened chocolate, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 8 ounces cream cheese, softened the microwave for 45 seconds at 50 percent power is a great way to do this, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Marbled Brownies, picturelink: 6xF3XE06Pm4fE.YS.Kty6gcPQQzhIZa}, 58491: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a broiler, oven or grill to mediumhigh heat .nToast the bread until lightly golden brown on both sidesthe bread should be crisp but still tender on the inside, not brittle. Dollop some ricotta on each slice of toast. Drizzle a little honey over all, and then zest the orange over the tops. Scatter the hazelnuts on top, put a wedge of fruit on each toast and finish with another drizzle of honey., ingredients: [1 baguette, sliced 14inch thick, 1 14 cups fresh ricotta, 14 cup clover honey, 1 orange, 13 cup toasted, chopped, blanched hazelnuts, Figs or strawberries, quartered], title: Crostini with Sweet Ricotta, Honey and Toasted Hazelnuts, picturelink: ld0vfNWtpgUWhwDZesrGzoGn3fvVC}, 58492: {instructions: Stir together the vinegar, shallots and 14 teaspoon salt and pepper in a small bowl. Let sit for at least 10 minutes to let the flavors combine. Drizzle the sauce over the oysters., ingredients: [14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 shallot, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 large oysters, shucked], title: Oysters with a Classic Mignonette Sauce, picturelink: Ncu0CIoNexFp8FrTgQpkkPuBpnnD.56}, 58493: {instructions: Assembly: Pipe chocolate mousse into 4, 2inch dome molds. Spread mousse around sides of dome to the top, freeze. Repeat process with mousseline, freeze. Place 34inch disc dacquoise on mousseline. Fill with 34ounce compote. Top with 1 34inch disc dacquoise, freeze. Unmold and glaze. Garnish with tuile and caramel stick.nLime dacquoise: Combine sugar, flour and zest, set aside. Whip egg whites and lime juice into soft peaks, gradually add sugar into stiff peaks. Fold in sugar mixture, spread in a half sheet pan lined with parchment. Sprinkle with toasted almonds and bake in a preheated 380degree oven for 12 minutes. Cool and cut into 4 1 34inch discs and 4 34inch discs. Summer berry compote: Combine sugar, flour and zest, set aside. Whip egg whites and lime juice into soft peaks, gradually add sugar into stiff peaks. Fold in sugar mixture, spread in a half sheet pan lined with parchment. Sprinkle with toasted almonds and bake in a preheated 380degree oven for 12 minutes. Cool and cut into 4 1 34inch discs and 4 34inch discs. Chocolate mousse: Combine sugar, yolks and heavy cream. Whisk over bain marie constantly until thickened. Scald cream and add the heavy cream. Temper with the egg mixture. Fold in the whipped cream and use immediately. Vanilla mousseline: Bring milk and vanilla beans to boil. Ribbon yolks, sugar and flanc powder. Temper yolks with milk and cook for 3 minutes. Remove from heat, add softened gelatine. Add butter, cool to room temperature. Fold in whipped cream and use immediatelynChocolate tuille: Cream butter and sugar. Gradually add egg whites. Add flour and cocoa powder. Mix until smooth. Spread batter into 10 by 3inch rectangle. Bake in a preheated 375degree oven for 7 minutes. Immediately cut into 4 triangles with a 12inch base. Wrap warm tuile around dome to form garnish. Cool completely and store in airtight container. Caramel sticks: Combine and cook until golden brown. Spoon caramel onto silpat, forming 6 inch long sticks. Cool and store in airtight container. Chocolate glaze: Bring sugar, water and apricot glaze to a boil. Add cocoa powder, pate a glacer and cocoa paste. Stir until melted and cook for 4 minutes. Add softened gelatin. Strain and store covered., ingredients: [1 Lime dacquoise, 2 Summer berry compote, 3 Chocolate mousse, 4 Vanilla mousseline, 5 Chocolate tuile, 6 Caramel stick, 7 Chocolate glaze, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 34 cup almond flour, 3 limes, zested, 1 cup egg whites 7 whites, 1 lime, juiced, 38 cup sugar, 58 cup toasted almonds, chopped, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 packet pectin, 34 cup mixed red berries strawberries, raspberries, red blackberries, 12 lime, juiced, 14 vanilla bean, 14 cup sugar, 38 cup yolks, 38 cup heavy cream, 34 cup bitter chocolate, melted, 1 12 cups cream, whipped, 1 34 cups milk, 4 vanilla beans, 14 cup egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons flanc powder, 1 teaspoon gelatin, bloomed in 2 teaspoons of water, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 18 cups heavy cream, whipped, 1 stick butter, room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12cup egg whites 3 egg whites, 5 tablespoons allpurpose flour, sifted, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, sifted, 1 14 cups fondant, 12 cup glucose, 1 58 cups sugar, 1 18 cups water, 2 14 cups apricot glaze, 5 tablespoons cocoa powder, 5 tablespoons pate a glacer, brun, 5 tablespoons cocoa paste, 5 teaspoons gelatin, bloomed in 2 tablespoons water], title: Chocolate Dome with Summer Berry Compote, picturelink: null}, 58494: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGrease an 8 by 8inch pan with butter. In a heavybottomed saucepan, combine the sugar, chocolate, 1 12 tablespoons of the butter, halfandhalf, and corn syrup. Over medium heat, stir with a wooden spoon until sugar is dissolved and chocolate is melted. Increase heat and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to mediumlow, cover, and boil for 3 minutes. Remove the cover and attach a candy thermometer to the pot. Cook until the thermometer reads 234 degrees F. Remove from the heat and add the remaining butter. Do not stir. Let the mixture cool for 10 minutes or until it drops to 130 degrees F. Add vanilla and nuts, if desired, and mix until wellblended and the shiny texture becomes matte. Pour into the prepared pan. Let sit in cool dry area until firm. Cut into 1inch pieces and store in an airtight container for up to a week., ingredients: [2 34 cups sugar, 4 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 3 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing pan, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup chopped, roasted nuts, optional], title: Chocolate Fudge, picturelink: .BKVOYtSAeO.8N0iktg45J7Q2a1sijy}, 58495: {instructions: Heat olive oil in large skillet and cook mushrooms over medium heat until golden brown. Season and keep warm.In a medium saucepan, bring stock or water to a boil. Stir in cornmeal. Reduce heat to a simmer and stir occasionally to prevent lumps. Cook for approximately 30 minutes. Taste the polenta, it should be thick and smooth without a coarse texture. Cook over low heat until the texture is correct. Stir in butter, cheese and salt and pepper. Serve hot as a side or main dish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 14 pound white mushrooms, trimmed and sliced, 4 12 cups chicken stock or water, 1 cup coarse corn meal, 2 tablespoons butter, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and pepper], title: Polenta with Wild Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 58496: {instructions: Slice the pound cake loaf into 12inch slices. With a 3inch round cookie cutter, cut pound cake into 6 individual portions and place on a cookie sheet.nPlace a large scoop of vanilla ice cream on top of each round cake. Freeze cake and ice cream until very hard, at least 1 hour.nWhile the ice cream freezes, make your meringue:nPreheat the oven to broil and place a rack 8 inches from the top of the oven.nIn an electric mixer with the whip attachment, on medium speed, beat together the egg whites and cream of tartar to soft peaks. Continue to beat and add the sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. Whip until meringue has reached stiff peaks. Place meringue in a pastry bag fitted with a large star tip.nRemove the ice cream from the freezer. Quickly pipe the meringue evenly over the ice cream, covering completely.nPlace in the broiler and broil just until tops are browned, about 2 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve immediately.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBrush the inside of 2 loaf pans 9 by 5 by 3inch with melted butter. Line the bottoms of the pans with parchment paper and brush again with butter. Reserve.nUsing a mixer fitted with the whip attachment, beat the butter and vanilla extract until creamy, about 5 minutes. Add the sugar, 14 cup at a time and continue to beat until light and fluffy, about 10 to 12 minutes.nAdd the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure each egg is completely incorporated before adding the next one. Lower the speed to stir and add the flour and salt. Mix until well blended. Pour half of the batter into each prepared loaf pan.nBake the cakes for about 1 hour, until the top is golden brown and a bamboo skewer inserted in the center comes out clean. Transfer pans to a rack and cool for 10 minutes. Then, remove cakes from the pan and allow to cool further on the rack. Serve slightly warm or use as needed., ingredients: [1 loaf Classic Pound Cake, recipe follows, see cooks note, 12 gallon vanilla ice cream, 6 egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 6 ounces sugar, Melted butter, for brushing loaf pans, 1 pound unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 pound sugar, 1 pound eggs, about 8 large, 1 pound cake flour, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Individual Baked Alaska, picturelink: SHvnY5kXbOUsvog.wElxZFjaH337Rvy}, 58497: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F.nCOMBINE shortening, peanut butter, brown sugar and granulated sugar in bowl of electric mixer beat at medium speed until well blended. Gradually add eggs and vanilla, beating well.nCOMBINE flour, cocoa, baking powder and baking soda in medium bowl. Add to shortening mixture, beating at low speed until blended. Stir in chocolate chips. Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes, or until edges are lightly browned. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheets. Place on cooling racks to cool completely., ingredients: [1 cup Criscou00ae Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, or 1 stick Criscou00ae Baking Sticks Butter Flavor AllVegetable Shortening, 1 cup Jifu00ae Extra Crunchy Peanut Butter, 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 2 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. baking soda, 1 cup milk chocolate chips], title: Peanut Butter Cocoa Cookies, picturelink: T6v20KGN0QzXZUU7HQOoG0XRr7g.lC}, 58498: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse together the flours, salt, baking powder, and sugar. Add the lard or shortening and pulse to combine. Add the buttermilk and pulse until a moist dough forms. Transfer to a lightly floured work surface, and knead several times until it binds into a cohesive mass. Cover with plastic wrap and let rest for at least 30 minutes.nPour oil to a depth of 4 inches into a heavy saucepan and heat to 375 degrees F. Meanwhile, divide the dough in half. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out half of the dough 18 to 14inch thick. Cut into 6 squares or triangles. Drop 2 cutouts, 1 at a time, into the hot oil and fry, rolling them over, until golden, 40 to 50 seconds. Drain on paper towels. Repeat with the remaining dough.nServe at once on warmed plates with scoops of ice cream, cream anglais or dusted with powdered sugar or cinnamon sugar., ingredients: [4 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 12 ounces whole wheat flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon lard or vegetable shortening, 13 cup buttermilk, Canola oil], title: Sopaipillas, picturelink: null}, 58499: {instructions: Butter a 10inch tart pan with removable bottom set aside.nPrepare the crust: In a medium bowl, combine flour and 12 teaspoon salt. Add 8 tablespoons 1 stick chilled butter, and combine with fingers or a pastry blender until it has the texture of coarse meal. Add 12 cup ice water, and stir just until a dough forms. Form into a disk, and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill for at least 15 minutes.nHeat oven to 375 degrees. On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 18inchthick round. Fit dough into prepared tart pan trim excess. Line with a parchment paper round, and fill with pie weights. Chill for 15 minutes. Transfer to oven, and bake for 15 minutes. Remove pie weights and parchment paper. Bake for 5 minutes more. Remove from oven, and set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat remaining 4 tablespoons butter. Add onions, and cook, stirring frequently, until slightly browned and softened, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. In a small bowl, combine beaten egg, cream, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Stir in onions.nSprinkle baked tart shell with cheese. Spread onion mixture evenly over cheese. Bake until set, 35 to 40 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, plus more for tart pan, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 cup ice water, 1 12 pounds onions, finely chopped, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 14 cup grated freshly grated Parmesan or Swiss cheese], title: Onion Tart, picturelink: null}}