{58500: {instructions: In a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and heat. Add the onions and garlic to the pan, cooking until the onions have softened. Next, add the carrots, stir, and then add the wine to deglaze. Next, reduce the heat to medium and add the thyme, cooking for an additional 5 minutes. Add the tomatoes and juices, bring to a boil and then reduce the heat to a simmer. Finally, add the basil and continue to cook over low heat, 20 to 30 minutes. Taste to season and remove from the heat., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large yellow onion, diced, 4 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced or minced, 2 cups minced or grated carrots, 12 cup dry red wine, 3 tablespoons fresh minced thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 120 ounces canned whole peeled tomatoes, crushed, 1 cup fresh basil leaves], title: Red Sauce Base  Marinara, picturelink: OQMWSl0k1NDLgwGHOE3PbPKGdr1wYvu}, 58501: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat for 1 minute. Add the chopped chiles and 12 of the garlic and cook until the peppers start to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the tomatillos and 1 12 teaspoons of salt, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the tomatillos begin to break down and release some liquid, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.nTransfer the tomatillo sauce to your blender, puree, and set aside.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp, season them with some salt and pepper and the remaining chopped garlic. Cook until the garlic becomes fragrant, 1 to 2 minutes, stirring often. Add the tomatillo sauce and simmer until the shrimp are curled and opaque, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve sprinkled with the cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound about 3 to 4 fresh poblano chiles, seeded, ribs removed and roughly chopped, 6 garlic cloves, finely minced, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, rinsed and quartered, 1 12 teaspoons salt, plus extra for the shrimp, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined, Freshly ground pepper, 4 cups fresh cilantro leaves], title: Tangy Tomatillo Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 58502: {instructions: For the starter: Heat the milk up slightly so that it is just warm to the touch and pour into a bowl.nDissolve the yeast in the milk and then mix in the flour. The dough will be quite thick.nCover the bowl with plastic and let it sit in at room temperature for about an hour.nFor the dough: Scrape the starter dough in the bowl of a mixer.nAdd the eggs, butter, sugar, salt and flour and mix with your hands or spatula until the ingredients are loosely incorporated. This is messy and again the dough will be rather thick.nMix on low with the paddle attachment until the dough is silky and shiny. This will take at least 5 to 7 minutes and you will need to scrape down the bowl several times at first.nScrape the dough off the paddle attachment and form into a rough ball inside the mixer bowl. Cover the bowl with plastic and let sit for an hour, or until the dough has doubled in size.nPunch down the dough.nFor the bombolino: With slightly floured fingers, using about 1 12 tablespoons of the dough, flatten the dough into a small disk about 14inch thick.nPlace about 1 teaspoon of the cheese in the center and wrap the dough around the cheese. Pinch the dough together so that it sticks together and then roll the dough into a small ball. It is very important to make sure the dough is seamless, so that when it cooks no melted cheese escapes. Repeat until you have as many bombolino as you have salads. You will have excess dough.nHeat a deepfryer to 350 degrees F, or heat up 2 inches of oil in a highsided heavybottomed pan. Make sure the oil does not come up past the half way point of the pan.nFrying bombolino, only a few at a time for about 2 to 4 minutes, until golden brown all the way around. You might have to turn them over as they do tend to float.nDrain on a paper towel and eat while warm.nFor the almond butter: Place almonds and garlic in a food processor and puree until smooth, scrape down the sides of the processor as necessary. Add 1 teaspoon of the oil as needed. Be very careful about how much oil to add as the almonds will get smoother the more they are processed. Use only as much as needed to achieve a smooth but thick almond paste.nSeason with cayenne pepper and salt, to taste.nPlace in a container. Will last refrigerated for up to 3 days. Reseason as needed.nFor the beet salad: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTrim tops and tails of beets and wash.nPlace in roasting pan and add enough water to pan so that it reaches half up the side of the beets. Cover with aluminum foil and place in preheated oven. Check doneness after about 45 minutes. If a pairing knife is able to penetrate the beet very easily, the beets are cooked. Check a few to make sure. If they not ready, recover with foil and place back in oven. Check in 15 minute increments.nRemove from oven and remove foil. Let them sit until they reach room temperature. Do not discard the water.nUsing a kitchen towel that you are not afraid to get really messy, peel the skin off the beets. The skin should wipe off very easily. To get off any little pieces of skin you might have missed, rinse in the water they were cooked in. Once all the beets are peeled, discard skins and the water they were cooked in.nCut beets in quarters or thirds, depending on their size and your preference.nMix gingerly with shallots, chives, oil and vinegar.nTo plate: Smooth about 2 to 3 tablespoons of the almond butter on the plate. Place about 12 cup of the beet salad onto the almond butter. Place a freshly fried bombolino on top of the beets and season with a touch of fleur de sel., ingredients: [34 cup whole milk, 1ounce fresh yeast, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 2 ounces butter, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 pound Gorgonzola Piccante, Extra flour, for dusting, 2 cups Marcona almonds, 1 garlic clove, roughly chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons good quality olive oil, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Salt, 1 pound baby beets, 3 tablespoons finely diced shallots, 3 tablespoons finely diced chives, 14 cup good quality olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Fleur de sel], title: Beet Salad with Bombolino, picturelink: null}, 58503: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Salt the water, add the spaghetti and cook 1 minute shy of al dente. Remove a ladle of the pasta water and reserve. Drain the pasta and set aside.nMeanwhile, chop and reserve 1 lead lettuce. Chop second head and add to a food processor with the parsley, basil or tarragon, mint, pine nuts, lemon zest, salt and pepper, to taste, and the cheese. Pulse to chop the greens, then with the processor on stream in 14 to 13 cup of extravirgin olive oil, to form a pesto. Transfer the pesto to large pasta serving bowl and reserve.nHeat 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the leeks and garlic and saute until wilted, 3 minutes. Add the grape tomatoes, stir, raise heat a bit and put a lid on the pan. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes to burst tomatoes  force the last few along with a potato masher or a wooden spoon if you get impatient. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, then stir in the wine and cook for 1 minute.nAdd the ladle of the reserved pasta water to the pesto. Add the pasta to the bowl along with the tomatoes and leeks. Toss for 1 minute, and season with salt and pepper, if needed. Douse the pasta the lemon juice and garnish with the reserved chopped lettuce. Serve with extra cheese for topping., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti, 2 heads butter lettuce, 12 cup flatleaf parsley, 12 cup basil leaves or 14 cup tarragon leaves, 14 cup mint leaves, 14 cup lightly toasted pine nuts or slivered almonds, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A generous handful grated ParmigianoReggiano, plus more for serving, 14 to 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 large or 4 small leeks, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced into half moons on an angle, washed and dried, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, 1 pint grape tomatoes, 12 cup dry white wine, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Meat Free BLT Spaghetti with Butter Lettuce, Leek and Tomato, picturelink: null}, 58504: {instructions: Spread 3 cups hazelnuts on a baking sheet roast at 400 degrees F until toasted, 10 minutes. Cool slightly, then wrap in a towel and rub to remove the skins. Heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet. Add the nuts, 1 12 teaspoons chopped thyme, 12 teaspoon each lemon zest and chopped rosemary, 1 teaspoon kosher salt and 14 teaspoon pepper cook, stirring, 2 minutes.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Herbed Hazelnuts, picturelink: VjFIspJCnxkfXrKvsmEwDTFBWNAarXS}, 58505: {instructions: Cook beets in large saucepan of boiling water until tender, about 45 minutes. Drain. Cool. Peel beets. Cut beets into thin wedges. Place in medium bowl.nWhisk vinegar, shallots and fennel seeds in small bowl. Gradually whisk in olive oil. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Drizzle 14 cup vinaigrette over beets toss to coat.nCook quinoa in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain well. Rinse with cold water and drain again. Place quinoa in large bowl. Add cheese, fennel and arugula and mix gently. Add remaining dressing and toss to coat. Transfer salad to large bowl. Arrange beets atop salad., ingredients: [6 beets, trimmed, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup minced shallots, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, crushed, 34 cup olive oil, 1 12 cups quinoa, 3 cups crumbled feta cheese, 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, thinly slice, 2 cups chopped fresh arugula], title: Quinoa Salad with Beets and Fennel Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58506: {instructions: For the pork: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Place the pork, coconut milk, chili paste, ginger, salt, lime leaves, garlic and lemongrass in a large Dutch oven. Pour in 1 cup water and cover tightly. Bake until fork tender, about 4 hours. Shred the meat.nFor the slaw: Mix the cabbage, mayo, agave and mirin together just prior to serving to ensure crispness.nFor the pico de gallo: Mix the tomatoes, jalapenos and onions together.nWarm the corn tortillas on skillet and place approximately 3 tablespoons of shredded pork on top. Top with some slaw, pico de gallo and cilantro., ingredients: [2 pounds pork shoulder, One 14ounce can coconut milk, 3 tablespoons Thai red chili paste, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 2 teaspoons salt, 8 kaffir lime leaves, 6 cloves garlic, peeled, 4 stalks lemongrass, cut into 1inch pieces light part only, 6 cups shredded cabbage, 1 cup mayo, 1 tablespoon agave syrup, 1 tablespoon mirin, 4 tomatoes, finely chopped, 4 to 6 jalapenos, minced, 1 onion, finely chopped, Corn tortillas, for serving, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving], title: Thai Pork Tacos, picturelink: null}, 58507: {instructions: In a food processor, blend the flour and the salt. With the motor running, add the egg and the oil, and then pour the water in a slow, steady stream until the dough forms a ball around the blade. Transfer the dough to a floured surface and knead for about 2 minutes, until smooth. Cover with a kitchen towel and let stand for 30 minutes. Divide the dough into 2 balls. On a floured surface, with a floured rolling pin, roll out one of the balls very thinly, to about 116th of an inch, making sure that it doesnt tear. With a cookie cutter, or a cup, cut out circles about 3 inches in diameter. Place a heaping teaspoon of the desired filling in the middle of a circle. Fold the dough over to form a semicircle. Brush the edges with the egg and press firmly with the tines of the fork to seal. Place the vareniki as they are made on a large, lightly floured, platter, and cover with a damp cloth, while making the next batch. Repeat with the second ball of dough. Bring 6 quarts of salted water to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to moderate and carefully lower half of the vareniki into the water. Boil, stirring occasionally to prevent sticking, until they rise to the surface, about 6 to 7 minutes. With a slotted spoon, carefully remove the vareniki into a colander and drain thoroughly. Transfer into a deep serving bowl and toss with half of the butter.nIn a small skillet, melt the butter over medium heat and saute the onion until deeply colored, about 10 minutes. In a mixing bowl, combine the rest of the ingredients. Add the Sauteed onion along with the cooking fat and mix well. Fill the vareniki and cook as directed.nIn a large skillet, saute the bacon over medium heat until it renders its fat. Remove the bacon and drain all but 2 tablespoons of fat. Add the onion and saute over medium heat until nicely browned. Turn the heat up to mediumhigh, add the sauerkraut and saute, stirring until limp and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Add the sugar and broth. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature before filling. Use the reserved bacon for topping.nCombine all the filling ingredients and mix thoroughly. Fill and cook as directed. This filling can be either sweet or savory, so add salt or sugar, accordingly. Serve with sour cream and confectioners sugar, if sweet. ., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoons vegetable oil, 7 to 8 tablespoons water, 1 large egg white, lightly beaten, 1 recipe potato, cheese, or sauerkraut filling, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 3 large potatoes, boiled and mashed, 4 ounces farmers cheese, 2 slices Colby or other mild Cheddar cheese, grated, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, Smothered onions or sour cream accompaniments, 2 cups farmers cheese, 1 egg yolk, 3 tablespoons sugar for sweet vareniki, salt to taste, for savory, 12 teaspoon vanilla sugar for sweet vareniki optional, Sour Cream accompaniment, Confectioners sugar accompaniment, 3 strips bacon, diced, 1 large onion, chopped, 3 12 cups packaged not canned sauerkraut, rinsed and squeezed thoroughly, 1 teaspoon sugar, 13 cup chicken or meat broth], title: Vareniki Ukranian Pierogies, picturelink: null}, 58508: {instructions: Heat a large, deep skillet over medium high heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, half the chicken pieces, and a couple of crushed cloves of garlic.nBrown chicken 2 minutes on each side and remove from pan. Add remaining oil, another single turn of the pan, remaining chicken pieces and garlic. Brown chicken 2 minutes on each side and remove. Add vinegar to the pan. Let it cook off.nAdd butter, shallots, and rosemary to the pan and cook 2 minutes, add flour and cook 1 minute more. Whisk in wine, reduce 1 minute. Whisk in broth and bring liquids up to a bubble. Return chicken to the pan and simmer over moderate heat 7 to 8 minutes to finish cooking chicken through.nDessert: This is a very rich meal. My suggestion for dessert is to set out a small cookie tray and offer coffee or tea., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 1 12 pounds chicken breast tenderloins, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 6 cloves garlic, crushed, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 6 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups beef broth yes, beef broth], title: Tuscan Chicken, picturelink: 4LxqyFVj8GGsKSx7z27DNbCBMFC0zW}, 58509: {instructions: In a large heavy pot heat olive oil over moderately high heat. Add greens and toss to coat. Add vinegar and sugar, toss to combine, cover, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes until tender. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Transfer to serving dish and top with butter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds dandelion greens or spinach, trimmed, washed and torn into 1inch pieces, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Wilted Spring Greens, picturelink: null}, 58510: {instructions: Put the peppers under the broiler to blacken evenly all over leave the oven door slightly ajar to allow steam to escape. Alternatively char the peppers over an open flame on the stovetop. Put the peppers in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Cool the peppers in order to handle, peel and seed.nPreheat a grill pan or griddle pan over mediumhigh heat.nMeanwhile, season the chicken with salt and pepper and dried herbs, and coat with a little extravirgin olive oil. Season the shrimp with the seafood seasoning and toss with a little oil as well.nCoarse chop and put the red sweet peppers in a food processor with the vinegar, chilies, garlic and about 14 cup extravirgin olive oil and puree into a sauce.nGrill the chicken 6 minutes on each side. Grill shrimp 3 minutes on each side. Toss the chicken and shrimp with the marinade and serve hot or cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 large red bell peppers, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon dried Italian seasoning or Herbes de Provence, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more liberal drizzling, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, tails in tact, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning, recommended: Old Bay, 2 tablespoons white balsamic or red wine vinegar, 2 red chilies, seeded and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, grated or pasted], title: Reverse Marinade, Hot and Sweet Pepper Chicken and Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 58511: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the flour in a shallow dish large enough for the whole fish. Season the flour with salt and pepper. Dredge the fish to lightly coat and set aside.nIn a saute pan large enough to fit the whole fish, heat the clarified butter over mediumhigh heat. When the fat begins to lightly smoke, place the fish in the pan and cook, without moving, until browned, about 4 minutes. Turn the fish over and repeat on the other side. Transfer the fish to the oven on a sheet tray fitted with a rack. Cook until tender and cooked through at the thickest part of the spine, 8 to 10 minutes.nHeat the same saute pan with the highfat butter it butter begins to lightly brown. Add the lemon juice as much or as little as you like to stop the cooking. Add the capers and finish with the parsley. Taste the sauce and season if necessary with more pepper but not salt because of the capers.nRest the fish, then serve whole with the sauce poured over the top., ingredients: [1 to 2 cups quickmixing flour, such as Wondra, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 1 to 2pound Dover sole, peeled and skirts trimmed, 2 tablespoons clarified butter or canola oil, 3 ounces highfat French butter, 3 lemons, juiced, 2 tablespoons capers, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, finely minced], title: Dover Sole Meuniere, picturelink: K1vzpef.LRG16qhZPFVr7ACrrd9o.a}, 58512: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. When it shimmers, add onion and garlic, season with salt and freshly ground black pepper, and cook until golden, about 4 minutes. Add chicken and cook, stirring rarely, until well browned on all sides, about 5 minutes. Add artichoke hearts and cook until slightly broken down, about 3 minutes.nAdd wine, water, and juice and scrape the bottom of the pan to incorporate any browned bits. Cook until alcohol smell is cooked off and sauce is slightly reduced, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat, stir in basil and lemon, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 3 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced, 1 12 pounds boneless skinless chicken meat, large dice, 1 12 cups quartered artichoke hearts canned or jarred  not frozen, 23 cup dry white wine, 13 cup water, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 cup lightly packed thinly sliced basil leaves, 1 teaspoon lemon zest], title: Lemon Chicken with Artichoke Hearts, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 58513: {instructions: On your counter top lay out a sheet of parchment paper and top it with a layer of plastic wrap.nLay out your fillets of salmon, tails away from you. Overlap the fillets of flounder about 1inch over the tails of the salmon. Then place the scallops on a metal skewer and set at the end of the flounder furthest from you. Sprinkle the herbs over the fish and season with salt and pepper.nUsing the plastic wrap pull the fish towards you so that the plastic begins to pull the flounder over the scallops. Be sure not to roll the plastic into the fish roll. Use a sheet pan to push the roll tightly as you pull the plastic toward you. The roll should be tight and you should be able to remove the sheet of plastic. Then roll the fish in the parchment away from you so it is covered and can be place into the refrigerator. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nFor Compound Butter: In a large bowl using a wooden spoon mix all ingredients. Place the mixture on a piece of parchment and fold the parchment over itself. Pull to form a roll and twist the ends. Place in the freezer for 10 minutes to set up. Slice into 14inch rounds and remove the parchment.nPreheat your broiler and place the oven rack 6inches from the heating element.nRemove the metal skewer and slice the roulade into 34 to 1inch rounds. Place onto a broiler pan and brush each round with canola oil. Put under the broiler for 3 to 6 minutes depending on how well done you like your fish.nServe with 1 slice of compound butter on each fish roll., ingredients: [2 thin salmon fillets, 3 flounder fillets, 8 sea scallops, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, Salt and pepper, for seasoning, Canola oil, for brushing, 4 ounces butter 1 stick, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon dry parsley flakes, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon fresh ground black pepper], title: Fish Roll with Compound Butter, picturelink: null}, 58514: {instructions: COOK and stir onions in butter in medium saucepan on mediumhigh heat 3 to 5 min. or until onions are crisptender. Whisk in flour until well blended.nADD MILK COOK AND STIR ON MEDIUM HEAT 2 MIN., STIRRING OCCASIONALLY. ADD NEUFCHATEL COOK AND STIR 2 TO 3 MIN. OR UNTIL MELTED.nSTIR in remaining ingredients cook 5 min. or until heated through, stirring occasionally.nSizeWisenYoull know its a special occasion when you get to enjoy a serving of this delicious soup.nSubstitutenSubstitute frozen chopped spinach frozen cauliflower florets, chopped or frozen asparagus spears, chopped for the broccoli.nUse Your MicrowavenMicrowave onions and butter in 2qt. microwaveable bowl on HIGH 30 sec. or until onions are crisptender. Stir in milk. Microwave 3 to 4 min. or until heated through, stirring every 2 min. Stir in cream cheese. Microwave 4 to 6 min. or until cream cheese is melted, stirring every 2 min. Stir in remaining ingredients. Microwave 30 sec. or until heated through., ingredients: [14 cup chopped onions, 1 Tbsp. butter or margarine, 1 Tbsp. flour, 3  12 cups milk, 4 oz. 12 of 8oz. pkg. PHILADELPHIA Neufchatel Cheese, Cubed, 1 pkg. 8 oz. KRAFT Shredded Triple Cheddar Cheese with a Touch of PHILADELPHIA, 1 pkg. 10 oz. frozen chopped broccoli, cooked, drained, 14 tsp. ground nutmeg, 18 tsp. pepper], title: Creamy Broccoli Soup, picturelink: null}, 58515: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil add a big pinch of salt and the green beans. Cook for about 5 minutes, the beans should still be crisp, they will be cooked more in the oven. Drain them and set aside. Butter a baking dish large enough to hold the green beans with 1 tablespoon butter and set aside.nHeat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTear the bread into 2inch pieces, put them into a bowl, and add 1 tablespoon chives, 1 tablespoon thyme, 1 tablespoon rosemary, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, and 3 tablespoons olive oil. Stir well to coat and spread onto a baking sheet. Bake just until the bread just starts to turn golden, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and set aside.nMeanwhile, melt the remaining butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and shallots, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the mushrooms have released their liquid, about 10 minutes. Pour in the heavy cream, add the remaining thyme and chives, and cook for another 5 minutes. Add the green beans and stir well. Put the green bean mixture into the prepared baking dish, top with the croutons, and sprinkle on the remaining Parmesan. Bake until everything is hot and bubbling, about 20 to 25 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds green beans, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 loaf crusty Italian bread, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 4 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds mixed mushrooms such as button, cremini, shiitake, sliced, 2 shallots, sliced, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: J8qrZj.uVVwFM.ozuoZ6MlT5AeMwsS6}, 58516: {instructions: Cut a sheet of puff pastry with a starshaped cookie cutter. Arrange the stars on a parchmentlined baking sheet brush with olive oil and sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese and pepper. Bake at 400 degrees until puffed and crisp, about 15 minutes.nPhotograph by Jonathan Kantor, ingredients: [], title: Star Puffs, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 58517: {instructions: In a food processor, combine flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in bowl fitted with metal blade. Pulse 3 times at 1second intervals to mix. Add butter to work bowl and pulse about 15 times until mixture is fine and powdery and resembles coarse ground cornmeal and no large pieces remain. Add the eggs and pulse ten times or so, until the dough forms a ball. Scatter a teaspoon of flour on the work surface and scrape the dough out onto it. Press and knead the dough quickly 3 or 4 times, until it is smooth and uniform.nPress the dough into 2 equal disks. Sandwich the disks of dough between two pieces of plastic wrap and press into a 6inch circle. Refrigerate the dough until firm, or until you are ready to use it, at least 1 hour., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose bleached flour, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cold unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, 2 large eggs], title: Sweet Dough for Pies, picturelink: null}, 58518: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. Chill and serve over ice., ingredients: [3 cups fresh melon watermelon or cantaloupe, seeds removed and roughly chopped, 1 12 cups water, 6 tablespoons granulated sugar], title: Melon Agua Fresca, picturelink: DRjjRGLma0lOJEtKASQPSbc21vuBH7W}, 58519: {instructions: Heat oil in large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Saute onion 2 to 3 minutes or until clear. Add sauerkraut. Cook, stirring occasionally, 8 to 10 minutes or until sauerkraut just begins to brown.nAdd kielbasa. Cover pan. Reduce heat to medium. Cook 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned, stirring occasionally. Stir in preserves. Cook until heated through. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons Criscou00ae Pure Canola Oil, 12 cup chopped yellow onion, 1 32 oz. bag sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, 1 pound smoked kielbasa, sliced into 1inch diagonal pieces, 1 12 oz. jar Orchards Finest Fall Harvest Cinnamon Apple Preserves], title: Apple Cinnamon Kielbasa and Sauerkraut, picturelink: null}, 58520: {instructions: Place tuna, marinade and sesame seeds in mixing bowl. Stir and let marinate for 5 minutes. While marinating, assemble tower base with avocado and pineapple. Top with marinated tuna and pack tightly.nIn a medium saucepan, heat sesame oil until smoking. Add the garlic, shallot, and ginger. Saute until garlic begins to change color. Deglaze pan with sake. Bring to a simmer and let reduce by half. Add vinegar, soy, and sugar. Return to a boil, blend and then strain into clean saucepan. Whisk in slurry and bring to a boil to thicken. Remove from heat. Chill before using., ingredients: [1 pound sashimi grade Ahi tuna, finely diced, 14 cup sake and sesame marinade, recipe follows, 14 teaspoon sesame seeds, toasted lightly, 14 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 1 avocado, 12 cup diced pineapple, 14 cup sesame oil, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon chopped shallot, 12 teaspoon fresh chopped ginger, 1 cup sake rice wine, 12 cup rice vinegar, unseasoned, 14 cup soy sauce, 13 cup brown sugar, or to taste, Cornstarch slurry 3 tablespoons cornstarch and 1 tablespoon water, blended, to thicken], title: Ahi Tuna Tartar with Wasabi Caviar and Spicy Ginger Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58521: {instructions: In a large bowl, add the strawberries, arugula, raisins, olives, pine nuts, red onions and mint. Top with Raspberry Vinaigrette Dressing and feta cheese.nAdd the raspberries, oil, vinegar and sugar if using into a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 pint strawberries, sliced, 4 cups baby arugula, 12 cup raisins, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 tablespoons kalamata olives, chopped in half, 1 red onion, diced, Fresh mint leaves, torn, Raspberry Vinaigrette Dressing, recipe follows, Feta cheese, crumbled, 12 cup raspberries, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, optional], title: Cheechs Spring Medley Salad with Raspberry Vinaigrette, picturelink: HXMJAVLSF8AVgFWGnh17ZQRLu.T5m}, 58522: {instructions: Form the ground beef into 4 patties, about 3 12 inches in diameter. Sprinkle both sides of each patty liberally with salt and pepper.nHeat a grill, grill pan, or castiron skillet over high heat, adding the canola oil if applicable. Cook the patties for approximately 3 minutes, then flip and top with 1 slice of Cheddar cover to melt. Continue cooking for an additional 3 minutes for medium, or continue cooking to your desired doneness.nBuild the burgers by placing each cooked patty on a slice of toast. Top with the tomatoes, lettuce and Candied Bacon. Smear the top toast slices with the Bacon Mayonnaise and place on top of other ingredients. Serve immediately.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar, cayenne and cinnamon. Place the bacon slices on a wire rack set over a rimmed sheet tray. Sprinkle each piece with half the sugarspice mixture. Cook 10 minutes. Flip and sprinkle with the remaining sugarspice mixture and cook an additional 10 minutes. Remove the bacon from the oven and allow to cool.nWhisk together the mayonnaise and sour cream in a small bowl. Stir in the bacon and chives. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and keep in the refrigerator until ready to use. Will keep for up to 1 day., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground chuck, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 slices Cheddar, 8 slices Texas toast, toasted, 4 slices tomato, 4 leaves romaine lettuce, 4 slices Candied Bacon, recipe follows, Bacon Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch ground cinnamon, 14pound thickcut bacon about 8 strips, 13 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 3 slices bacon, crisped and finely diced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: BLT Burger with Bacon Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 58523: {instructions: Add the gin, cherry liqueur, pineapple juice, Benedictine and lemon juice to a cocktail shaker with ice and shake. Strain into chilled shot glasses., ingredients: [5 ounces gin, such as Plymouth, 2 ounces cherry liqueur, 2 ounces fresh pineapple juice, 1 ounce Benedictine, 1 ounce lemon juice], title: Singapore Sling, picturelink: Us71AjWTECbEiYjqTvCmui1jea65t6K}, 58524: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat cream to simmering over high heat. Reduce heat to medium and whisk in chocolate until melted. Gently simmer sauce for 10 minutes. Set aside. Make a light sugar syrup by heating the water and sugar together in a medium size saute pan, stirring until the sugar is dissolved. Add the lemon juice and berries to syrup and cook over medium heat 2 to 3 minutes, shaking the pan gently to coat the berries with syrup. Add the butter and continue to cook, swirling the berries and butter around the pan, until butter is melted. Cook for another 5 minutes. Spoon berry compote into ramekins, drizzle with white chocolate sauce and serve., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces white chocolate, chopped, 14 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 4 cups mix frozen berries, defrosted, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Melted White Chocolate Sauce with Berry Compote, picturelink: 35BzHES5JK5uOLKBCjTwv5qUNy5WkW}, 58525: {instructions: Into a cup of steaming hot chocolate, stir in the orange brandy and orange bitters if using. Top with a dollop of whipped cream, then eat a few spoonfuls of whipped cream if no one is looking. Zest some orange over the whipped cream for aroma and prettiness and to impress your dinner guests with very little effort., ingredients: [8 ounces hot chocolate, 2 ounces orange brandy, such as Grand Marnier, 2 dashes orange bitters, optional, Sweetened whipped cream, for topping, 1 orange, for zesting], title: Orange Brandy Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 58526: {instructions: Special equipment: A melon ballernHalve the oranges and gently scrape out the pulp, membrane and white pith with a spoon or melon baller. Place the orange rinds in muffin tins or fit them all into a pan so they can be filled without tipping over.nPut 12 cup cold water in a bowl, sprinkle the gelatin evenly on top and let it absorb the water for 2 minutes. Whisk in 34 cup boiling water until the gelatin is fully dissolved and then whisk in the sugar until dissolved. Cool the mixture to room temperature and then stir in the blood orange sparkling soda, tequila and orange liqueur. Spoon the gelatin mixture into the orange rinds. Refrigerate overnight.nCarefully slice each orange half into 2 wedges and serve., ingredients: [6 oranges, Three 14ounce envelopes unflavored gelatin, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup blood orange sparkling soda, such as San Pellegrino, 34 cup silver tequila, 34 cup orange liqueur, such as Triple Sec], title: Blood Orange Margarita Shots, picturelink: PN3GUhANv1xPr63PzlW3tY50CWlwt5W}, 58527: {instructions: Melt the butter in a heavy bottomed saucepan over a medium high flame and add the sauerkraut and the cabbage. Stir the mixture well, season to taste, and when it is very hot cover and set aside. In a small sauce pot combine the spices and vinegar and bring to a simmer. Remove from the heat, cover and steep for 20 minutes. Strain the vinegar into another small saucepot and add the sugar, salt, chicken stock and canola oil. Heat again until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Emulsify the liquid with a hand held mixer. Incorporate some air into the liquid as you are mixing so that the liquid becomes very frothy. Set aside at room temperature. Once the sauce and the garnishes are prepared, saute the pike. Heat the peanut oil in a saute pan large enough to hold all the fish and dust it lightly with flour. Add the fillets to the pan and cook for 1 minute on the first side. Add the whole butter to the pan and flip the fish over. Baste the fish with the butter for 1 or 2 more minutes until it is done and remove to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Stir the cilantro into the hot choucroute. Place a mound on each plate and top with a piece of fish. Spoon some of the sauce around each fish and dust with a little ground juniper. Serve with boiled potatoes or Fromage Blanc Dumplings see separate recipe., ingredients: [34 pound fresh sauerkraut, rinsed and squeezed dry, 14 pound savoy cabbage julienned, blanched and squeezed dry, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 4 to 6ounce fillets pike, skinned and deboned, 12 cup all purpose flour, 2 tablespoons butter, for basting the fish, 14 cup loosely packed cilantro leaves, cut into chiffonade, Salt and fresh black pepper, to taste, 12 teaspoon white peppercorns, crushed, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed, 1 teaspoon juniper berries, crushed, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 12 tablespoons sugar, Salt, to taste, 1 cup chicken stock, 12 cup canola oil], title: Northern Pike with Choucroute and Juniper Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58528: {instructions: In a medium sauce pan, over high heat, bring the rice and water to a boil. Lower the heat, cover and cook gently for about 40 minutes or until the rice has absorbed the liquid. Drain and transfer to a shallow bowl to cool to room temperature.nWhen cooled to room temperature combine the cooked rice with the citrus dressing and season with salt and pepper. Right before serving toss the salad with the mangoes and watercress leaves., ingredients: [1 cup raw Wehani rice, 2 12 cups water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 recipe for citrus dressing see below, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled, seeded and diced, 1 bunch watercress, stems trimmed], title: Wehani Rice and Mango Salad, picturelink: null}, 58529: {instructions: Mix egg yolks and sugar well. Add Mascarpone, a little at a time, to egg yolk mixture and mix until smooth. Set aside. In a separate bowl, beat whipping cream until stiff peaks form. Set aside. In another bowl, beat the egg whites until stiff peaks form. Set aside. Fold the whipped cream into the egg yolk mixture, then fold in the egg whites to mix. Spread about 13 of the cream mixture in the bottom of a 46 quart glass baking dish or serving bowl.nPlace espresso coffee in a large mixing bowl. Quickly dip a lady finger into the espresso, then lay it in the baking dish, on top of the cream mixture. Top with grated chocolate. Continue in this manner, laying the lady fingers side by side to cover the bottom of the dish. Place another 13 of the cream mixture on top of the soaked biscuits. Cover this with another layer of espresso soaked lady fingers. Top with the remaining cream mixture and grated chocolate. Dust the final layer of cream mixture with grated chocolate and cocoa powder. Chill 2 hours to set., ingredients: [8 eggs, separated, 13 cup sugar, 1 pound Mascarpone, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups espresso coffee, cooled, 23 cup brandy, 30 lady fingers, 2 ounces bittersweet chocolate, grated, Sifted Dutch process cocoa powder for garnish], title: Tiramisu, picturelink: null}, 58530: {instructions: I like to begin the platter with a base of ripe, colorful, sliced melons and pineapplefor example, cantaloupe, honeydew, Galia, or Cavaillon melons, plus the new golden pineapples. Peel the outside of a whole melon, cut it in half through the stem end, and scoop out the seeds. Place the melon halves cut side down on a board, and slice them straight across into 12inchthick slices. Fan each halfmelon out slightly and arrange it on the platter. Next, cut off the top and bottom of the pineapple, peel the outside, and use a sharp knife to remove the eyes. Cut the pineapple in half lengthwise and remove the core by cutting a V down the center of each half. Again, place the pineapple halves, cut side down, on a board and slice them straight across into 12inchthick slices. Fan the slices out and arrange them next to the melon on the platter.nOnce the base is set, you can add any kind of fruit thats available. I like to have one thing that is taller than the rest, such as a large bunch of grapes or a decoratively cut papaya, to give the platter height. Then I add raspberries, strawberries, blueberries, and fresh figs in casual but organized groups. The platter can look like a bowl of MMs if there are too many colors scattered with no order. Visually, your eye needs to have a focal point and to be able to see each type of fruit. After all the fruit is arranged, I add flat green leaves around the outside of the fruit, to set off the colors. Use lemon and galax leaves from your florist, or fig leaves and grape leaves from your garden. Make sure they are pesticidefree and well washed.nAny kind of fruit will work well on this platter. For special occasions, add persimmons, kiwi, passion fruit, Queen Anne cherries, fresh apricots, and mangos. Choose whatever is colorful and seasonal., ingredients: [2 small ripe melons, 1 golden pineapple, 2 bunches grapes, 1 pint fresh figs, 1 pint raspberries, 1 pint strawberries, 1 pint blueberries, 1 red papaya], title: Fresh Fruit Platter, picturelink: oIKOhKfDUfWnX7qzwqRN2jhRNvET3Z.}, 58531: {instructions: Drain a 24ounce jar of pickle halves, reserving the brine. Pat the pickles dry toss with 1 onion cut into wedges and some olive oil. Grill, turning, until marked, 3 to 4 minutes. Let cool, then pack into a jar and add the brine. Refrigerate until cold or up to 5 days.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Pickles, picturelink: 8Zu1IWBZpGnGs7T6178gB6WO7z8VV2}, 58532: {instructions: In an electric coffee grinder, grind the blanched almonds in small batches into a fine powder. Sift the powder through a fine sieve into a large bowl. Regrind any almond particles remaining in the sifter. In a bowl whisk the egg whites with the salt until they are frothy, whisk the vanilla, and stir the mixture into the almond powder. Sift in 3 cups of confectioners sugar, 1 cup at a time, kneading the mixture together in the bowl, and sift enough of the remaining 1 cup sugar to form a smooth, pliable dough add more sugar if the dough is too sticky. Quarter the dough and wrap each piece tightly in foil. The marzipan paste keeps, chilled, in an airtight container for up to 8 weeks.nWork with 1 piece of marzipan at a time, keeping the remaining marzipan covered tightly. Pull off a piece of marzipan paste, form it into a smooth ball by rolling it between the palms, and shape it gently into the desired shape. Wipe hands occasionally with a damp cloth.nTo achieve the texture of citrus fruit roll the marzipan shape over a fine grater or sieve. A small wire loop may be pressed into the back of the thickest part of the marzipan if the marzipan is for hanging.nLet the marzipan dry on sheets of foil overnight and with a large soft watercolor brush dipped in the food coloring, tint it as desired. If a shading effect is desired add the second coat of coloring before the first coat dries.nLet the marzipan dry on foil for 2 days and with a fine soft water color brush dipped in the food coloring add any fine details desired. Wooden picks, broken into small pieces and colored with food coloring, may be used to form the stems of fruits. Cloves may be used to form the blossom end of fruits such as apples and pears. White paper may be cut and colored with food coloring to form the leaves for fruits, or any small leaves may be used.nAfter the marzipan has had its final coat of food coloring let it dry on sheets of foil for1 day. The marzipan keeps, chilled, in an airtight container for up to 8 weeks.nYield: 25 small marzipan shapes, ingredients: [1 pound blanched almonds, coarsely chopped, 3 large egg whites, room temperature, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons vanilla, 3 to 4 cups confectioners sugar, 1 pound marzipan paste, at room temperature, Food coloring, for decorating, Cloves, for decorating], title: Marzipan, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 58533: {instructions: Heat a large frying pan to medium high heat, then add olive oil. When oil is hot, add the chicken thighs and cook, turning, about 12 minutes, or until chicken is golden brown on all sides and fork can be easily inserted. Remove chicken from pan and drain off any excess oil. Place onion in pan and saute over medium heat for 2 minutes add garlic and saute for an additional minute. Slowly add chicken stock, scraping pan to dissolve bits clinging to the bottom. When chicken stock begins to bubble, add ginger, allspice, cloves, salt, black pepper, chipotle chili, lemon juice, mustard, apricots, raisins, and cranberries. Allow to simmer for 10 minutes, then add chicken continue to simmer until chicken is cooked and the liquid reduced to a light syrup, about 15 minutes. Add the liqueur to the frying pan and bring the mixture to a boil. Remove from heat and add chopped walnuts. Serve over rice., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 8 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, 14 cup chopped yellow onion, 14 cup minced garlic, 1 can 14ounce chicken stock, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger root, 14 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon coarse kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 18 teaspoon ground chipotle chili pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard, 12 cup dried Mediterranean apricots, cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup raisins, 2 tablespoons sweetened dried cranberries, 14 cup orangeflavored liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 14 cup chopped toasted walnuts], title: Garlic Chicken and Fruit Ragout, picturelink: null}, 58534: {instructions: For the croutons: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Heat the oil in a castiron skillet over high heat. Add the ham and cook until golden brown. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels using a slotted spoon. When cool, dice into 12inch pieces.nTurn the heat to mediumhigh and add the butter and garlic to the skillet. Cook for a few seconds and add the bread. Season with salt and pepper and cook until the croutons are lightly golden brown on all sides. Transfer to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven.nFor the creamy eggs: Melt the butter in a large nonstick saute pan over low heat. Whisk the eggs in a bowl until light and fluffy and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Pour the eggs into the pan and cook slowly over low heat. Stir constantly with a heatproof rubber spatula until soft curds form. Remove the eggs from the heat and stir in the cheese, ham, chives and dill. Transfer to a large platter and top with the croutons., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 ham steak 12inch thick, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 6 slices 1inchthick 12grain bread, cut into 34inchcubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into tablespoons, 2 dozen large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces havarti cheese, cut into pieces, room temperature, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives, 14 cup fresh chopped dill], title: Creamy Scrambled Eggs with Dill Havarti with Country Ham and Buttery Toasted Croutons, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 58535: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place mediumsized roasting pan on burner over mediumhigh heat, add the bacon and cook until crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nPlace cabbage in a roasting pan with rendered bacon fat, stir in the vinegar, honey and chicken stock and season with salt and pepper. Cover with foil and roast in the oven until wilted, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and stir in the mint. Transfer to a platter and sprinkle with the cooked bacon., ingredients: [8 ounces bacon, diced, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 pounds Napa cabbage, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh mint leaves, thinly sliced], title: Braised Napa Cabbage with Bacon, Red Wine Vinegar, and Mint, picturelink: null}, 58536: {instructions: To make the steaks: Combine lemon zest, oil, salt, and pepper and marinate the steaks for 10 to 30 minutes but no longer than 30 minutes or the fish will start to break down.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a hot but not smoking pan, sear on each side for 2 minutes. Transfer the steaks to an ovenproof dish and finish in the oven for 5 minutes.nTo make the salad: In a medium skillet, cook the shallots in 2 tablespoons of oil for 5 minutes. Add the beans, stock, rosemary, and pepper and gently cook for 7 to 8 minutes on low.nRemove the pan from the heat and very gently fold the cherry tomatoes into the bean mixture, taking care not to break them.nTo serve, thinly slice the heirloom or plum tomato and place 4 slices on each plate. Mound the salad in the middle and sprinkle with the remaining oil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh lemon zest, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 6ounce tuna steaks, 2 tablespoons chopped shallots, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 16ounce can cannellini or great Northern white beans, drained and rinsed, Pinch salt, 14 cup lowsodium chicken or vegetable stock, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cherry tomatoes, sliced in 12, 1 heirloom or plum tomato, for garnish], title: Seared Tuna Steak with White Bean and Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 58537: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Stack phyllo sheets and cut into 3inch squares. Butter 24 gem tins. Arrange one square in a tin, brush with melted butter and top with another square, slightly overlapping. Brush with butter and top with a third square, again slightly overlapping. Brush top square with butter and gently push phyllo sheets into tin, forming cases. Continue to make phyllo cases with remaining squares. Bake in the oven for 1012 minutes, or until golden. Let cool in the tins for 10 minutes and transfer to racks to cool completely.nSUGGESTED FILLINGSnFor bread cups: Tapenade over goat cheese tomato, fresh basil and red onion bruschetta type topping curried chicken, etc. For potatoes: Dilled cream cheese with smoked salmon sour cream, caviar and chives roasted red pepper pesto, etc. For phyllo: Shrimp, feta and dill tabouli yogurt with cucumbers and mint., ingredients: [6 sheets of phyllo pastry, Melted butter for brushing], title: Miniature Phyllo Cases, picturelink: null}, 58538: {instructions: Heat olive oil in large skillet.nAdd diced potatoes and cook for 1012 minutes, stirring occasionally, until potatoes begin to soften.nAdd onions, salt, pepper, sliced meat.nCover and simmer for 5 minutes.nAdd HERDEZu00ae Salsa Casera and stir.nSimmer for 23 minutes.nServe directly from pan or from a large bowl.nFor additional color and flavor, add thin slices of red and yellow bell pepper., ingredients: [1 lb thinly sliced beef sirloin tip steak, 1 medium onion, thinly sliced, 4 medium potatoes, diced into 1 squares, 2 teadpoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 12 cups of HERDEZu00ae Salsa Casera mild], title: Carne con Papas, picturelink: yvkTVijpK57l86JM5ByLIyOw1HHf2I2}, 58539: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl add the sweet potatoes, 2 tablespoons of the maple syrup, 2 tablespoons of the olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt and 1 teaspoon pepper. Mix to evenly coat the potatoes and arrange on a sheet tray. Roast until caramelized, golden brown and soft, about 20 to 30 minutes. Be sure to check them after 15 minutes and stir, if needed.nMeanwhile, in a large skillet over mediumlow heat, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and the sliced shallots and saute until they start to caramelize, about 5 minutes Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of maple syrup and balsamic vinegar. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Lower heat to medium and cook until golden brown and caramelized, about 5 minutes. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, if the pan becomes dry.nAdd the roasted sweet potato cubes to the caramelized shallots and transfer to a warm serving dish., ingredients: [4 small sweet potatoes or 2 large, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 14 cup grade B maple syrup, divided, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 4 large shallots, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar], title: Maple Roasted Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: viYJqyneygVhSRi1Cw5eUqERJLIOYb2}, 58540: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the tomato halves on a baking sheet, cutside up, drizzle with oil and season with salt, pepper, and thyme. Roast the tomatoes until soft, about 30 minutes. Remove the tomatoes to a plate. Wipe the baking sheet with paper towels and place the English muffin halves on the baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly golden brown, about 5 minutes. Top each with a slice of the cheese, return to the oven and toast until the cheese is melted, about 2 minutes. Remove and let sit while you make the eggs.nHeat a nonstick pan over medium heat. Add the ham slices and cook until slightly crisp and warmed through. Remove the ham to a plate. Add a few tablespoons of butter to the pan, whisk 8 large eggs in a bowl, season with salt and pepper and cook over low heat until soft curds form and stir in the chives.nTop each muffin half with a slice of ham. Top the bottom half with some of the eggs and 2 tomato halves. Combine halves to make 4 sandwiches. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 heirloom tomatoes, halved and seeded, Olive oil, to drizzle, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh thyme leaves, to season, 4 English muffins, split, 8 slices Swiss cheese, thinly sliced, 8 slices Black Forest ham, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, to coat, 8 large eggs, 1 tablespoon finely diced fresh chives], title: Ham, Egg and Cheese Sandwich on English Muffin, picturelink: cvYD5CB64laK9d4Ceq.yYgIX8cSbe.y}, 58541: {instructions: Special equipment: slow cookernThoroughly wash apples. If they seem waxy, scrub with a produce brush. Organic apples are recommended since you will be cooking them with the skins on. Quarter the apples and add them to your slow cooker. Add apple cider vinegar and cider or juice. Cook, covered, until the apples are soft.nMash the apples with a potato masher until thoroughly pulped. Run the pulp through a food mill to catch the skins and seeds, passing a puree. If you do not have a food mill, press the pulp through a sieve.nAdd dark brown sugar, maple syrup, ground cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice and salt. Cook, stirring occasionally to prevent scorching, until the apple butter darkens and it mounds on a spoon. Adjust sweetness and seasonings to taste. Store in the refrigerator for a month or water bath can for 15 minutes and store in a cool, dark place for up to a year., ingredients: [5 pounds apples, 1 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 cup apple cider or juice, 1 12 cups brown sugar, tightly packed, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch salt], title: Apple Butter, picturelink: hj9JncXua8MhKyc8jbSHyX3jAa.Gh6}, 58542: {instructions: Wet the rusks and dry with a clean towel. Grate the tomato and combine with the feta. Spread on the rusks. Sprinkle with the oil, salt, oregano and a little grated onion, if using., ingredients: [10 small Cretan barley rusks dakos, 2 medium tomatoes, 6 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 1 medium white or yellow onion, grated, optional], title: Cretan Dakos  Koukouvagia Owl, picturelink: aWW6zyXMPgWYDUo44PiV2A0Rvrllxju}, 58543: {instructions: Combine the ricotta, 14 cup ParmigianoReggiano, sage and milk and season with salt.nButterfly each chicken breast, cutting horizontally into the thickest part of the breast almost all the way through to the other side keeping the breast attached on one side. Open each breast like a book and pound to 18 to 14inch thick using the flat side of a meat mallet. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper. Place a spoonful of the ricotta mixture in the center of each chicken breasts, then fold the chicken over to enclose the filling. Wrap each chicken breast with 2 slices prosciutto, overlapping them slightly. Wrap each chicken breast in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUnwrap the chicken breasts and place on a rimmed baking sheet or shallow baking dish. Drizzle with EVOO, then bake until the chicken is cooked through and the prosciutto is crisp, 20 to 25 minutes.nWhile the chicken bakes, heat the butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the panko and thyme and cook, stirring, until the panko is golden. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 14 cup ParmigianoReggiano.nDivide the chicken among plates. Arrange the arugula alongside the chicken and top the arugula with the tomatoes and garlic breadcrumbs.nCooks Note: The stuffed chicken breasts can be refrigerated for up to 2 days before cooking., ingredients: [1 cup fresh ricotta, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 8 to 10 fresh sage leaves, very thinly sliced, Splash of milk or halfandhalf, Kosher salt, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves, Freshly ground pepper, 8 slices prosciutto di Parma, EVOO, for drizzling, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup panko, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, A few handfuls arugula 1 bunch, stemmed, 4 plum tomatoes, thinly sliced lengthwise], title: Stuffed Chicken Saltimbocca with Arugula and Tomato Salad, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 58544: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the profiteroles: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan, combine 12 cup water, the butter and the salt and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, add the flour all at once and stir it vigorously with a wooden spoon. Cook until the mixture has formed a ball with a slightly sweaty sheen to it, and has pulled away from the pan. Transfer to a mixing bowl and let cool for 3 to 4 minutes the mixture does not have to be cold, just cool enough not to cook the eggs when added. Using an electric mixer, or lots of good oldfashioned elbow grease, beat in the eggs one at a time do not add the second egg until the first is fully incorporated. Add in the cinnamon and beat for another second to combine.nTransfer the mixture to a pastry bag equipped with a large straight tip, and pipe 1inch balls onto a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Be sure to leave at least 1 inch between each of the ballsu00bfthey grow When done, dip your finger in water and smooth the top of each ball where the pastry bag released the dough. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through to ensure even cooking. When done, the puffs should be light, airy and dry inside. Cool on a rack.nFor the chocolate sauce: Fill a saucepan with 1 inch of water and bring to a boil. Put the chocolate in a metal or heatproof glass mixing bowl and place on top of the saucepan with the boiling water. Pay careful attention that the mixing bowl does not touch the surface of the boiling water. Add the cream, butter, corn syrup and cinnamon and stir until the chocolate has melted and everything is combined. This is a pretty quick process. Once the chocolate has melted, remove it from the double boiler setup.nWhen ready to serve, cut the profiteroles in half horizontally and fill them with ice cream. Top with warm chocolate sauce., ingredients: [12 stick 4 tablespoons butter, Pinch salt, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, Pinch ground cinnamon, 4 ounces semisweet or dark chocolate, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon corn syrup, 1 good pinch ground cinnamon, Highquality vanilla, coffee or dulce de leche ice cream, for filling], title: Profiteroles with Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: BDM3UA1WdLaSkQF81N.iV3x3TD4fxD.}, 58545: {instructions: Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the scallion whites and cook, stirring, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 3 cups water, the rice, carrots, turnips and 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the rice and vegetables are tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Whisk the eggs and 3 tablespoons lemon juice in a medium bowl. Slowly ladle about 1 12 cups of the hot broth into the egg mixture, whisking constantly. Add the shredded chicken to the pot, then whisk in the eggbroth mixture. Return the soup to a gentle simmer, then remove from the heat. Stir in the scallion greens and parsley and season with salt and pepper. Put the salad greens in a large bowl and toss with the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Serve with the soup.nRead more at: http:www.foodnetwork.comrecipesfoodnetworkkitchenslemonchickensoupandsaladrecipe.htmloclinkbackPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 scallions, chopped white and green parts separated, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 cup white rice, 1 bunch baby carrots about 4 ounces, cut into chunks, 1 bunch baby turnips about 4 ounces, quartered lengthwise, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 cups shredded rotisserie chicken, skin removed, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley optional, 8 cups salad greens], title: Lemon Chicken Soup and Salad, picturelink: J81s45IK3xJAodTXMb.ydFWI7CKsHu}, 58546: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium heat.nCut pears in half lengthwise. Use a melon baller, remove the seeds and core. Brush the pears with orange juice and place on the grill cut side down. Let the pears cook until they are lightly caramelized, about 5 minutes.nAs the pears are cooking, place the gingerbread on the grill and lightly toast on each side. Remove the pears and the gingerbread from the grill.nTo assemble, place the toasted gingerbread on a plate. Slice the pears and arrange them on top of the gingerbread. Drizzle with caramel sauce and garnish with a sprig of fresh mint.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour 2 loaf pans.nCream butter and sugar together in a large bowl. Beat in egg and molasses. In a separate bowl, combine dry ingredients and whisk until mixed. Add 13 of the dry ingredients to the creamed mixture and mix. Add 13 of the hot water and mix. Continue alternating dry ingredients and water in thirds until all is incorporated.nPour the batter into prepared pans and bake for 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean.nCombine sugar and water in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the sugar is melted and takes on a dark golden color. Add the butter and cream and whisk until smooth. Be very careful not to splash yourself, caramel is extremely hot Let cool about 30 minutes, until thickened., ingredients: [3 French butter pears, 2 tablespoons orange juice, 6 slices gingerbread, recipe follows, 1 cup caramel sauce, recipe follows, 6 sprigs fresh mint, for garnish, 12 cup butter, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup molasses, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup hot water, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 14 cup butter, 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Toasted Gingerbread with Grilled Pears and Caramel, picturelink: 6ObJNTPwiY9VSq9rNpYwJip.REHF.2}, 58547: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nBring steaks out so they can come up to room temperature, drizzle with a little olive oil and a few turns of black pepper.nPut egg whites in a large mixing bowl and gently whisk until slightly foamy. Using a mortar and pestle or food processor, add the garlic, bay leaves, rosemary, parsley, thyme and sage. Add to egg whites with salt and combine well until it holds together like a paste.nTake a large cast iron skillet or 2 smaller ones and set strip steak in the center of the skillet and mold salt paste on top of and around the sides of the steak. Bake in the hot oven for 15 minutes internal temperature should reach 120 degrees F then pull out and rest for 7 to 8 minutes. Crack shell open  remove steak, slice and serve., ingredients: [2 18ounce New York strip steaks 1 12 inches thick, Extravirgin olive oil, Ground black pepper, 6 egg whites, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 2 bay leaves, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves only, 14 bunch flatleaf parsley, leaves only, 4 sprigs thyme, leaves only, 3 stems fresh sage, 3 cups kosher salt], title: Salt Crusted New York Strip, picturelink: null}, 58548: {instructions: Chop tomatoes into small pieces, place in bowl. Add minced garlic and shallots. Put basil and parsley into a food processor, pulse until just chopped. Add to tomato mixture. Add lemon juice, olive oil, salt and pepper to tomatoes. Season to taste. Will keep, refrigerated overnight. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [12 plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 to 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Fresh Tomato Topping, picturelink: null}, 58549: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a medium nonstick skillet until crisp. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain reserve the skillet.nDivide the watercress, cucumbers and radishes among plates.nSeason the flour with salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon drippings from the skillet, add 1 tablespoon olive oil and heat over medium heat. Working in batches, toss the scallops in the flour and cook until golden on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Turn and cook until golden on the other side, about 2 more minutes add 1 tablespoon oil, if necessary.nArrange the scallops over the salads. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the lemon juice to the skillet, then remove from the heat and add 1 to 2 tablespoons water, swirling the pan to release the browned bits. Crumble the bacon and add to the skillet along with the chives, and salt and pepper to taste swirl to combine, then pour over the salads. Serve with the bread.nPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 strips bacon, 2 bunches watercress, thick stems trimmed, 2 Kirby cucumbers, cut into spears, 1 bunch radishes, quartered, 13 cup instant flour such as Wondra, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 to 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 13 pounds large sea scallops about 16, Juice of 1 lemon, 13 cup chopped fresh chives, 4 thick slices rustic bread, toasted], title: Scallops With Watercress Salad, picturelink: NRY9rNamrPqsdKUeePLmyDgVmS2sAY2}, 58550: {instructions: In a small heavy skillet cook the bacon over moderate heat, turning it until it is crisp, transfer it to paper towels to drain, and pour off all but 1 tablespoon of fat from the skillet. In the fat in the skillet the chicken, patted dry and seasoned with pepper, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until it is just springy to the touch, and transfer it to a work surface. Let the chicken stand for 10 minutes and cut it into thin slices. Spread one side of each brioche with some of the mayonnaise, sprinkle it with pepper to taste, and layer 4 of the toasts with a lettuce leaf, a tomato slice, an onion slice, and a bacon slice. Top each sandwich with a brioche toast, a lettuce leaf, an onion slice, a tomato slice, and one fourth of the chicken and cover each sandwich with a brioche toast, pressing it firmly., ingredients: [8 slices lean bacon, 1 whole skinless boneless chicken breast about 1 12 pounds, 12 slices brioche bread cut from large round or rectangular loaves, toasted lightly, 12 cup mayonnaise, 8 lettuce leaves, rinsed and spun dry, 8 thin slices tomato, 8 thin slices red onion], title: Classic Club, picturelink: null}, 58551: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss the broccoli, carrots and garlic with the olive oil, sesame seeds and some salt and pepper until fully combined. Transfer to an ungreased baking sheet. Roast until lightly brown and just tender, about 25 minutes. Drizzle with the Carrot Top Pesto.nPlace the leaves and stems from the carrot tops in a food processor with the parsley leaves, roasted cashews and garlic. Puree and then slowly drizzle in the extravirgin olive oil while the machine is running. Add the grated Parmesan and kosher salt to taste. Puree until combined., ingredients: [1 head broccoli, cut into florets, 1 bunch carrots with tops about 6, peeled and cut into 1 inch chunks, tops reserved for the pesto, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Carrot Top Pesto, recipe follows, 1 14 cups carrot tops from about 1 bunch of carrots, 34 cup fresh parsley leaves, 14 cup roasted cashews, 1 large clove garlic, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup grated Parmesan, Kosher salt], title: Roasted Broccoli and Carrots with Carrot Top Pesto, picturelink: ZIbqJqU99yeQnvk3KPKlr2XUQUeSOHi}, 58552: {instructions: Put the chocolate in a large bowl and set aside.nIn a small saucepan, whisk together the cream and corn syrup and bring to a boil. Pour the cream mixture over the bowl of chocolate and immediately whisk until smooth. Set aside to cool completely, about 1 hour.nTransfer the chocolate mixture to the bowl of a standing electric mixer, or use a handheld mixer and bowl, and whip on high speed, until creamy and fluffy. Use as desired. May be stored covered in the refrigerator for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 pound semisweet chocolate, roughly chopped, 1 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup dark corn syrup, plus more to taste], title: Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: null}, 58553: {instructions: Saute onions, and garlic in 1 tablespoon butter until translucent and set aside to cool. Mix beef with cooled onion mixture, eggs, bread crumbs, parsley, and mushrooms. Form into 4ounce patties and saute in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter until golden brown on both sides and set aside. In saucepan melt 2 ounces of butter and add flour and cook over low heat for 1 minute until wet sand consistency. Begin to add stock 13 at a time whisking and bringing to simmer each time making sure there are no lumps. Add mushrooms and simmer for 12 hour. Place patties in a roasting pan and pour gravy over patties and bake in a preheated 375 degree oven for 45 minutes. Garnish with grilled onions and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces minced onion, 1 ounce minced garlic, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds ground beef, 4 eggs, 8 ounces bread crumbs, 4 ounces chopped flat leaf parsley, 12 ounces cooked and diced button mushrooms, 2 ounces butter, 2 ounces flour, 24 ounces veal stock, 1 pound sliced button mushrooms, 2 red onions, sliced 12inch thick, grilled], title: Salisbury Steak, picturelink: xuDipR6QSAKroq.gysUqFU6gBxawUe}, 58554: {instructions: Peel jicama and carrots and quarter jicama. Using a mandoline or other manual slicer cut jicama and carrots into very thin slices, about 116inch. Stack slices and cut into julienne strips. With a knife cut cabbage into very thin shreds. Vegetables may be prepared 1 day ahead and chilled separately in sealable plastic bags. Coarsely chop cilantro. In a large bowl stir together oil, lime juice, mustard, orange juice and salt. Add vegetables and cilantro, tossing to coat, and season with salt and pepper. Slaw may be made 2 hours ahead and chilled., ingredients: [2 pound piece jicama, 12 pound carrots about 2 large, 34 pound piece red cabbage, 12 cup packed fresh flatleafed cilantro leaves, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons orange juice], title: Jicama Slaw with Lime, picturelink: null}, 58555: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400degrees F and spray two large baking sheets with nonstick cooking spray. Thinly slice sweet potatoes and lay out pieces in a single layer on the sheets. Using a silicone brush, coat each slice of sweet potato with olive oil youll use about 1 tablespoon. Season with salt and pepper and bake for 1012 minutes per side or until golden keep an eye on them to prevent burning. Remove from oven and set aside to cool.nTo prepare the tapenade, place olives, scallions, sundried tomatoes and remaining oil in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Season with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper and pulse until well combined, but still slightly chunky. Top each piece of sweet potato with tapenade and serve., ingredients: [2 medium sweet potatoes, unpeeled, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 1 cup pitted black olives, 3 scallions, 14 cup oilpacked sundried tomatoes, drained 46 pieces, Nonstick cooking spray, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Chips With Black Olive Tapenade, picturelink: Ud6T3MPGkZVdo8uxkZbjagXOIWnpZMO}, 58556: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nBring the whipping cream and milk to a boil in a saucepan over low heat. The second it starts to boil, take it off the heat. Add the chocolate shavings and whisk until smooth. In another bowl, mix together the yolks, brown sugar, and cayenne. Slowly spoon the chocolate mixture into the yolks. Cooks Note: It is important to take your time with this step because the chocolate is hot, and if you dump it into the eggs in one shot youll end up with chocolate scrambled eggs.nPour the mixture into little pots or espresso cups and cover with foil. Pierce some small holes in the foil so steam can escape and place the jars into a roasting pan. Fill the roasting pan with water halfway up the sides of the jars so that they bake evenly. Bake for 35 minutes. Cool the pots on the counter for 35 minutes and then put them in the refrigerator for 3 hours to chill. Sprinkle with fleur de sel and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups whipping cream, 12 cup milk, 3 ounces bittersweet dark chocolate shavings, 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate shavings, 6 egg yolks, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, Pinch cayenne pepper, Fleur de sel sea salt], title: Pot au Chocolat with Fleur de Sel, picturelink: null}, 58557: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 4 wooden skewers, soaked to prevent burningnHeat an outdoor grill or grill pan over medium heat. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCarefully make a slit into the side of each pork chop using a chefs knife to create a pocket to stuff ingredients into. Mix together the feta, spinach, olives and sundried tomatoes in a medium bowl. Stuff each pork chop with the spinach mixture and rub each with 14 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Secure each pork chop with a wooden skewer or toothpicks remember to remove before serving.nBrush oil on the grill grate to prevent sticking. Grill the pork chops until nicely browned, 6 to 8 minutes, turning every few minutes to create grill marks. Transfer to a baking sheet and finish cooking in the oven until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 140 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [Four 1 12 to 2inchthick pork chops, bonein, 2 ounces crumbled feta cheese, 12 cup chopped frozen spinach thawed and well drained, 2 tablespoons chopped kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons chopped sundried tomatoes, Canola oil, Salt and pepper], title: Mediterranean Stuffed Pork Chops, picturelink: eJqs4k57Dh7pWO6VckoVsyvAtHf3vfW}, 58558: {instructions: Preheat large, roasting pan in a 550 degree oven. Rub lamb with olive oil. Generously salt gros sel the lamb. Mix the peppercorns together and pat on lamb. This should be done at least 4 hours in advance, preferably overnight. In a large bowl, mix together potatoes, onions, carrots, garlic and thyme. Add oil, season and mix well. When pan is hot, pull out and dump veggies into the pan. There should be a good sizzle. Mix the veggies around and roast for 10 minutes. Mix again and place lamb on top. Place in oven and roast until brown, about 20 to 30 minutes. Turn oven down to 375 degrees, cover the lamb with foil to prevent burning and roast another 20 to 30 minutes. I shoot for medium rare, about 130 degrees. Mix veggies a couple of times during the cooking. Place lamb on a cutting board and let rest 10 minutes. Make sure the veggies are fully cooked and check for seasoning. If not, place back in oven another 10 minutes. Serrano ChileMint Jelly: In a nonreactive pan, dissolve sugar in juice and water. Pour 2 tablespoons of the warm liquid in a small saucepan and add gelatin. Dissolve on low heat and set aside. Raise to mediumhigh under the first saucepan and add the chiles, mint, zest and salt and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook for 10 minutes, occasionally stirring. Remove from heat and add dissolved gelatin. Store in refrigerator overnight, stirring occasionally to break up the gelatin. It will be a soft jellolike consistency., ingredients: [8 to 12 pound leg of lamb, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground black peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground white peppercorns, 2 tablespoons coarsely ground green peppercorns, 1 tablespoon coarsely ground Szechuan peppercorns, Fleur de sel or gros sel, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil to cook, plus extra to rub lamb, 8 large new potatoes, washed, unpeeled and quartered, 2 large yellow onions, large dice, 3 large carrots, peeled and sliced, 10 to 12 smashed garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon minced thyme, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup water, 1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 4 minced serrano chiles, 1 cup mint chiffonade, 2 limes, zested, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Roasted Leg of Lamb with Serrano ChileMint Jelly and Roasted New Potato Medley, picturelink: null}, 58559: {instructions: Arrange tomato slices on a plate. Layer with basil leaves. Drizzle vinegar and oil. Sprinkle salt and black pepper over top., ingredients: [2 to 3 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, sliced, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, 2 teaspoons balsamic vinegar preferably aged, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper], title: Sliced Tomatoes with Fresh Basil and Aged Balsamic, picturelink: null}, 58560: {instructions: Mix 1 cup ketchup, the juice of 1 lime and 2 teaspoons fivespice powder. Season with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: FiveSpice Ketchup, picturelink: ZK83.ZmiSBL2qo4Rx90EDeedxIg0ty}, 58561: {instructions: Preparing the RicenPeel and finely chop the onion.nMelt the butter in a 4to5quart saucepan over medium heat, stirring regularly.nAdd the onion and cook, continuing to stir, until it turns soft and translucent. Turn the heat down if the onion starts to brown.nMeanwhile, pour the chicken broth into a separate saucepan, set over medium heat, and bring to a gentle simmer. Adjust the heat as needed to maintain this simmer the whole time you are preparing the risotto.nOnce the onion is soft, add the rice and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, for about 3 minutes. Adjust the heat as necessary  if the rice is cooked at too high a heat, it will turn brown and take on an undesirable flavor.nAdding the Liquid to the RicenUsing a ladle, scoop up about 12 to 34 cup of broth. Pour it in the pan with the rice, stirring constantly with a spoon. After the first addition of broth, the rice mixture will look a bit soupy.nAs the rice begins to cook, stir it constantly, making sure that you scrape along the bottom of the pan so that it does not stick. You should see little bubbles popping up on the liquid from time to time. If it bubbles more vigorously than this, turn the heat down to mediumlow.nWhen most of the liquid is absorbed into the rice and the rice begins to look a bit dry, add another ladle of broth to the pan and stir constantly, as before.nDetermining When the Risotto Is CookednContinue to add the broth in 12to34cup batches and stir the rice until you have used most of the broth this will probably take about 20 minutes. It is now time to test whether the risotto is cooked. Spoon up a grain of rice and bite into it  it should be tender without being too mushy. If it is still crunchy and tastes a bit starchy, you will need to continue adding liquid and cooking further.nIf it looks as if you will run out of chicken broth and your rice is still not cooked, dont be alarmed. Because of variations in individual stoves and cooking temperatures, you may need more liquid than called for in the recipe. Simply heat up another cup or 2 of chicken broth. If you run out of broth, use hot water.nWhen the rice is tender and the risotto has a creamy consistency, almost like thick oatmeal, it is done.nServing the RisottonAdd salt and pepper to the risotto, about 14 teaspoon at a time, until it seems well seasoned to you. Stir.nAdd the grated Parmesan cheese and stir well.nServe the risotto immediately in warm bowls and have extra grated Parmesan on hand.nRisotto with Tomatoes and Basil:nTake 4 Roma tomatoes, cut off and discard the stem tops, and cut the tomatoes into small pieces. Chop enough fresh basil leaves into small pieces to make about 1 cup. Put 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet, and turn the heat to mediumhigh. When the bottom of the skillet feels hot when you put your open hand 1 inch from the bottom, add the tomatoes and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Stir for 3 or 4 minutes, until they seem soft. Put the cooked tomatoes aside, and when the risotto is done, stir the tomatoes and basil into the hot risotto. Stir to mix well taste for salt and add some if needed. Serve immediately and pass some grated Parmesan cheese.nRisotto with Spinach and Garlic:nPeel and chop 3 large cloves of garlic into small pieces, and put them on a piece of waxed paper. Rinse 12 bunch of spinach leaves, and shake off the excess water. Cut off the stems, bunch the leaves up, and cut them into thin strips, then cut crosswise into small pieces. Put 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet and turn the heat to mediumhigh. When the bottom of the skillet feels hot when you put your open hand, palm side down, 1 inch from the bottom of the skillet, it is ready. Add the garlic to the oil and stir for a minute. Turn the heat to low, and add the spinach. Press the spinach down with a spatula, lightly salt and pepper it, and turn it over with a spatula. The spinach will wilt down almost immediately. Take the skillet off the stove, put a lid on the skillet, and when the risotto is done, stir the garlic and spinach into the risotto. Serve immediately, and pass some grated Parmesan cheese., ingredients: [1 mediumsize yellow onion, 4 tablespoons butter 12 stick, 5 cups or more chicken broth, canned or homemade, 2 cups Arborio rice available in many supermarkets or specialty food stores, Salt and pepper to taste, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Risotto, picturelink: null}, 58562: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine the cream and sugar in a chilled metal bowl. Using a whisk or hand mixer, whip the cream until soft peaks form. Refrigerate until ready to use.nSet up four small bowls or coffee mugs. Add two scoops of ice cream to each. Pour 1 cup coffee into each. Top with a scoop of the whipped cream and garnish with nutmeg. Serve immediately., ingredients: [34 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 pint chocolate ice cream, 4 cups freshly brewed coffee, hot, Freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish], title: Cafe Bengali, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 58563: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 3quart baking dish, and sprinkle the breadcrumbs evenly to coat the bottom and side of the dish.nCut the corn off the cob in a large bowl then scrape the cob across the bowl a second time to release all the corn milk, and then set aside.nHeat olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add corn, 1 12 teaspoons salt and cayenne. Saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add bacon and saute until crisp. Add onions and bell peppers, cook until barely tender, then remove from heat.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the cream, milk, eggs, Parmesan, cornmeal, sugar, pepper and nutmeg until frothy. Add the corn mixture and stir to combine. Pour into the prepared baking dish and bake 35 to 40 minutes, until firm. Serve hot from the oven., ingredients: [Butter, for baking dish, 14 cup fine breadcrumbs, 4 ears sweet corn, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Sea salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 6 slices bacon chopped, 34 cup diced onions, 34 cup diced bell pepper, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 5 eggs, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 12 cup cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspooon grated nutmeg], title: Cajun Corn Pudding, picturelink: ySGwCCldOzZ8X09y8YmEtRlZcmhhe}, 58564: {instructions: Preheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nRemove sausage from casing and combine with the beef. Portion to 2 ounces each and shape to small patty. Season with salt and pepper.nOil peppers and grill to charred. Place in plastic bag to steam off skin. When cool, scrape off skin, remove seed and cut into thin strips, set aside.nCut onion and tomatoes in half. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill to soft and charred, cool slightly. Puree in a blender. Thin with olive oil and adjust seasoning, set aside.nGrill burgers, when almost completely cooked place 1 tablespoon red pepper strips on top, top with 1 tablespoon tomato sauce, a half slice of provolone cheese and cook until cheese is melted.nBrush bun with olive oil, toast rolls on grill. Once toasted, rub with garlic clove. Put burger on rolls and serve., ingredients: [1 pound Italian sausage, 1 pound ground beef, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, as needed, 2 red peppers, 2 medium sweet onions, 2 ripe tomatoes, 8 slices provolone cheese, 16 mini Italian rolls, Garlic clove, cut in 12], title: Mini Blitz Burgers, picturelink: null}, 58565: {instructions: If cucumbers are waxed, peel them. Cut each crosswise into 5 1 34inch pieces. With a small melon baller, carefully scoop out the insides of each piece, leaving a 14inch border around the edge and a 12inch border on the bottom. The cucumber cups may be prepared up to 4 hours in advance, arranged on damp paper towels, tightly covered and refrigerated.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine the cream cheese, smoked salmon, lemon juice, orange water, paprika, cream and white paper and process until smooth. Chill for at least 30 minutes.nTo assemble spoon salmon mousse into a piping bag fitted with a decorative tip, pipe the mousse into the cucumber cups. Garnish with parsley or coriander sprig., ingredients: [10 seedless cucumbers, each about 10 ounces and 11 inches long, ends trimmed, 18 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 2 ounces smoked salmon, Several drops freshly squeezed lemon juice, Several drops orange blossom water, Pinch hot paprika, 2 to 3 tablespoons heavy cream, Freshly ground white pepper, to taste, Coriander sprigs, for garnish], title: Cucumber Cups with Salmon Mousse, picturelink: null}, 58566: {instructions: Heat 2 teaspoons minced garlic in a pan with 1 tablespoon olive oil until golden, 2 minutes. Let cool, then strain the oil. Slice 2 unpeeled russet potatoes into thin rounds with a mandoline rinse with cold water and pat dry. Toss the potatoes with the garlic oil and 12 teaspoon salt. Working in batches, spread the potatoes on 2 baking sheets coated with cooking spray and bake at 400 degrees F until golden, 25 to 30 minutes. Let cool until crisp.nPhotograph by Jacob Snavely, ingredients: [], title: Garlic Potato Chips, picturelink: 01uXCVnBGQKiTWvCDzPHtUNXyJ7Gs1y}, 58567: {instructions: In a bowl, whisk together the yogurt, vanilla, and simple syrup. Chill 30 minutes, remove vanilla bean if using then turn in an ice cream freezer. Place in a frozen mixing bowl and fold in the chocolate covered toffee bits. Serve., ingredients: [2 cups plain or raspberry yogurt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract or 12 vanilla bean, split, 1 14 cups simple syrup equal parts sugar and water brought to a boil and cooled, 12 cup chocolate covered toffee bits], title: Frozen Yogurt with Chocolate Toffee Bits, picturelink: null}, 58568: {instructions: Using a sharp knife or a mandoline, cut the potatoes into thin slices. Place them in a large skillet, and add enough water to just cover the slices. Sprinkle with the salt. Bring the water to a boil and cook the potatoes for 3 to 5 minutes, until just tender. Drain, and allow the potatoes to cool.nIn a medium frying pan, heat 2 teaspoons of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook until browned and cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the sausage from the heat and drain off any fat.nIn a large bowl, whisk the eggs together until combined.nIn a medium, ovenproof skillet, heat the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil over medium heat. Add the bell pepper and saute, stirring often, until just soft, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and arrange the potato slices, overlapping slightly, over the peppers. Distribute the cooked sausage and the Gorgonzola evenly over the potato slices. Gently pour the eggs over all.nCover the skillet and return it to low heat. Cook until the eggs are set, 5 to 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the broiler.nPlace the skillet under the broiler, about 4 inches from the heat, and cook until the eggs are just beginning to brown, about 5 minutes. Remove the skillet from the broiler. Slice the basil into thin ribbons and sprinkle them on top of the frittata. Cut the frittata into wedges and serve warm., ingredients: [2 medium redskinned potatoes, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, meat crumbled, 6 large eggs, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 14 crumbled Gorgonzola, 14 cup basil leaves], title: GorgonzolaSausage Frittata, picturelink: null}, 58569: {instructions: Add a few drops of peppermint extract to vanilla frosting and mix until incorporated. Use a knife to spread the frosting around the rims of 3 glasses, then roll the glasses on a plate covered with the white chocolate chips. Chill the glasses in the freezer while you make your milkshake.nCombine the milk and ice cream in a blender and blend on high. Pour half the milkshake into a pitcher and set aside. Add 2 to 4 drops red food coloring and 1 teaspoon peppermint extract to the milkshake remaining in the blender and blend until smooth. Starting with one color, pour a layer of milkshake into each prepared glass and freeze for 10 minutes. Pour in a layer of the other color and freeze for 10 minutes more. Continue layering until you have made several stripes. Top the milkshakes with whipped cream, white chocolate chips, crushed candy cane bits or sprinkles, and 1 or 2 whole candy canes., ingredients: [1 cup vanilla frosting, for decorating glasses, Peppermint extract, 1 cup white chocolate chips, plus more for serving, 1 14 cups milk, 4 cups 2 pints white chocolate ice cream or vanilla ice cream, Red food coloring, Whipped cream, for serving, 2 tablespoons crushed candy cane bits or red and white sprinkles, 3 to 6 candy canes], title: White Chocolate Candy Cane Milkshake, picturelink: ZYNDQ9MmmpNxuNB80ZLyPzQSBXBK0e}, 58570: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the quickpickles: In a small saucepan, combine the vinegar, sugar, salt and 12 cup water. Bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Add the carrot and daikon and stir to combine. Turn off the heat and set aside to cool. Refrigerate, covered, for 2 hours.nFor the sauce: Bring the soy sauce, brown sugar, mirin, vinegar and sambal to a simmer in a small saucepan. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the meatballs: In a large bowl, combine the chicken, panko, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, sesame oil, egg, scallions and some salt and pepper. Mix well to combine, but dont overwork. Form the mixture into eight 2inch balls.nHeat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle the pan with canola oil. Add the meatballs and cook for about 4 minutes per side, or until cooked though. Baste generously with sauce during the last 3 minutes of cooking.nTo assemble the sliders: Serve the meatballs on the buns, topping each with a tablespoon of the quickpickles drained and some cilantro leaves. Secure with bamboo skewers and serve on a large platter with extra sauce on the side., ingredients: [12 cup rice wine vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup julienned carrot, 1 cup julienned daikon, 12 cup soy sauce, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sambal Asian chilegarlic sauce, 1 pound ground chicken 5050 white and dark meat, 13 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 egg, whisked, 3 scallions, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for the pan, 8 soft Hawaiian buns, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, 8 bamboo skewers], title: Asian Chicken Meatball Sliders with Pickled Carrot and Daikon, picturelink: KoGCrY1BPmSIPFqFAKhiXmRIeQfQIvG}, 58571: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a piping bag with a small 2 or 3 plain tip or a resealable plastic bagnLine a baking sheet with parchment paper. Put the white chocolate in a medium microwavesafe bowl and melt in the microwave at 50 percent power for 30 second intervals, stirring after each, until it is completely smooth.nMelt the semisweet chocolate in a small bowl in the microwave at 50 percent power in 15 second intervals, stirring after each until it is completely smooth. Transfer to a piping bag with a small plain tip 2 or 3. Alternatively, transfer to a resealable plastic bag and snip off a corner.nSpoon 12 ovals of white chocolate onto the parchment for the melted snowman bodies, leaving several tablespoons of white chocolate behind in the bowl. Top each oval with a truffle for a head. If the truffle has a flatter side, attach it facing up for the hat decoration option, so the hat will adhere. If you are making the earmuff option, place the more rounded side up.nFor the hat decoration: Cut each licorice gumdrop in half crosswise. Lay the flat discshaped piece on a flat surface and use the heel of your hand to flatten it into a larger disc shape. Attach the other half of the licorice back onto each using the sticky sides to adhere to each other. Dip the bottom of the licorice candies in the reserved white chocolate and attach to the tops of the truffles for hats.nFor the earmuff decoration: Spread white chocolate on the rope licorice and attach to the truffles for earmuff headbands. Dot white chocolate onto the mini candycoated chocolates and attach to the sides of the truffles to make the earmuffs.nFor the body and face decoration: Stick the pretzel pieces into the white chocolate for arms and arrange some of the mini candycoated chocolates down the center for buttons. With scissors, cut the gummy belts in half lengthwise, trim the ends to make scarves and set aside.nSpread a little white chocolate on the orange candies and attach for noses, holding in place until the chocolate hardens. Pipe the semisweet chocolate on for the eyes and mouth. Refrigerate until set, about 30 minutes.nWrap the gummy scarves around the snowmen and pinch to attach at the front. Serve immediately or keep refrigerated until ready to serve. Dust the melted snowmen with confectioners sugar if desired., ingredients: [1 pound white chocolate chips, 12 cup chopped semisweet chocolate or semisweet chocolate chips, 12 white chocolatecoated truffle balls, such as Lindt, 12 black licorice gumdrop candies, for hats, or twelve 1inch pieces rope licorice, 36 colorful mini candycoated chocolates, for buttons, plus 24 mini candycoated chocolates, for earmuffs, optional, 12 pretzel sticks or chocolatecovered pretzel sticks, broken in half, 12 small orange sprinkles or other tiny orange candies, such as Tic Tacs, 6 multicolored sour gummy belt candies, Confectioners sugar, for serving, optional], title: Melting Snowman Bark, picturelink: XAYitQrRehKPHFlbdFiDP1xREaQXq6}, 58572: {instructions: Bring the vegetable broth to a boil in a saucepan. You will be using it as a court bouillon  a poaching liquid for the shrimp. The court bouillon is not actually part of the soup. Poach the shrimp in their shells until just pink and remove to a platter to cool. Shrimp cooked in its shell retains more flavor.nWhile the shrimp are cooling, combine the cucumbers, tomatoes, jalapeno, onion, tomatillos, cantaloupe, and honeydew melon in a food processor and pulse to coarsely chop. Remove to a bowl and squeeze in the juice of the fresh lemon, being careful not to drop any remaining lemon seeds into the mix. Add the chopped chives, and stir to combine.nPeel the shrimp and finely dice. Stir the shrimp into the fruitvegetable mixture and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Chill well.nIn the episode, we served this gazpacho as an hors doeuvres in porcelain Chinese spoons. You can do the same or be creative by using your own choice of individual serving vessel such as sake cups, rice bowls or even 2 ounce ramekins with demitasse spoons. It can also be served as an appetizer in soup bowls., ingredients: [1 pint vegetable broth, 1 12 pounds 21 to 30 size deveined shrimp with shells on you can use smaller shrimp if you like, but these are easy to clean and still economical, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeds removed, and diced large, 2 ripe tomatoes, seeds scooped out leave pulp intact and diced large, 1 teaspoon minced fresh jalapeno, stem and seeds removed and diced protect your hands and eyes and avoid breathing in the fumes of any hot peppers, 1 small red onion, diced, 2 tomatillos, diced, 12 cantaloupe, seeds removed, scooped from rind and diced, 12 honeydew melon, seeds removed, scooped from rind and diced, 1 fresh lemon, halved and seeds removed, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp and Melon Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 58573: {instructions: Preheat a grill to mediumhigh.nCombine mayonnaise and lime juice in a small bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and cayenne pepper.nGrill the corn until it is golden brown, turning often and brushing with butter after each turn. Once the corn is cooked to your liking, brush with the mayonnaise mixture and serve., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 2 key limes, juiced, Salt, Cayenne pepper, 4 ears corn, husked, 1 stick butter], title: Key Lime Corn, picturelink: null}, 58574: {instructions: Add a handful of ice cubes to a food processor and process slightly. Add mangoes, frozen yogurt, and a splash of orange juice. Process until smooth. Serve., ingredients: [Ice cubes, 2 mangoes, peeled, seeeded and chopped, 3 scoops frozen vanilla yogurt, Orange juice], title: Orange Mango Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 58575: {instructions: Quarter the potatoes and boil until just cooked. Drain and rinse. Mix together mayonnaise, mustard, horseradish, and pickle juice. Transfer still warm potatoes to mixing bowl and blend in dressing. Chop pickles and onions to 14inch dice and add. Season with salt and pepper. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 12 pounds red potatoes, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup whole grain mustard, 14 cup prepared horseradish or fresh grated, 14 cup pickle juice, 1 medium onion, 2 half sour pickles, Salt and pepper], title: Potato and Pickle Salad, picturelink: null}, 58576: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 10inch tube pan with butter.nSift the flour, baking powder, salt and cocoa together. Set aside.nWith an electric mixer, cream the 1 cup butter, the shortening and the sugar until fluffy. Add the eggs one a time, beating well after each addition. With the motor running, add the flour mixture and the milk alternately, beginning and ending with the flour. Add the vanilla.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 1 hour. Check for doneness by inserting a toothpick into the cake it should come out clean. Cool the cake in the pan for 30 minutes before turning it out onto a wire rack to cool completely.nSlice the cake and serve topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks butter, room temperature, plus more for greasing the pan, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup cocoa, 12 cup vegetable shortening, 3 cups sugar, 5 large eggs, room temperature, 1 cup milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Vanilla ice cream, for serving], title: Chocolate Pound Cake, picturelink: CFgEiky8He1kY9C3IOARvbLD1oQhu.6}, 58577: {instructions: For the pancake batter:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the sweet potato pieces and maple syrup into aluminum foil and place in the oven for an hour. When the potato is tender, place the potato pieces and syrup in to a bowl and mash with a fork.nIn a large bowl, sift together the bread flour, cake flour, granulated sugar, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, 34 teaspoon salt, nutmeg, and ground ginger.nIn a separate bowl, whisk together the milk, egg yolks, melted butter, vanilla extract, and mashed sweet potato, then whisk the milk mixture into the sifted dry ingredients. Whisk well to make sure there are no lumps.nPlace the egg whites into a separate bowl and whisk to firm peaks. Fold the whipped egg whites into the batter in 3 additions. Let the batter rest for 5 minutes.nHeat a flat top or large griddle on medium heat. Spray the pan with a little nonstick cooking spray. Ladle 2ounces or 14 cup of batter into the pan, let cook for 3 to 4 minutes then flip, once brown on both sides remove from pan. Keep warm.nFor the citrus brown sugar sauce:nMelt the butter in a mediumsize saucepan over mediumlow heat. Stir in the light brown sugar.nWhen the sugar has dissolved and the mixture starts to simmer, add in the zest and the juice from the lime, lemon, and orange. Bring the mixture back to a simmer, stir in the rum and remove from heat.nStack the pancakes on a plate and spoon the sauce over top and enjoy, ingredients: [1 8ounce sweet potato, peeled and quartered, 3 ounces maple syrup, 5 ounces bread flour, 5 ounces cake flour, 4 ounces granulated sugar, 2 ounces light brown sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 11 ounces whole milk, 4 large eggs, separated, 2 ounces unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 4 ounces unsalted butter, 6 ounces light brown sugar, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Zest and juice of 1 lime, Zest and juice of 1 orange, 2 ounces 14 cup dark rum], title: Maple Syrup Roasted Sweet Potato Pancakes with Citrus Brown Sugar Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58578: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a medium bowl and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPreheat a grill pan over high heat until smoking. Brush the steaks with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes on one side until golden brown, turn over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking for 5 to 6 minutes for mediumrare doneness.nWhisk together the vinegar and mustard in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Toss the watercress in a few tablespoons of the dressing and arrange on a platter. Top with slices of the tomatoes and onions and drizzle with the remaining dressing. Sprinkle with the blue cheese., ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons freshly grated horseradish, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 New York strip steaks, about 10 ounces each, Olive oil, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 cups watercress, 2 tomatoes, sliced into 12inch slices, 1 large red onion, sliced into 12inch slices, 12 cup crumbled Maytag blue cheese], title: Black Angus New York Strips with Mesa Steak Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58579: {instructions: Beat 8 ounces softened cream cheese with 3 tablespoons sugar and 3 tablespoons heavy cream. Put a heaping teaspoon of graham cracker crumbs in each glass. Top with the cream cheese mixture, chopped canned or fresh pears and sliced crystallized ginger.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Cheesecake Parfaits, picturelink: fV239kPz1OUqFklOss9pagSw5q5pWT6}, 58580: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut halibut and salmon into appropriate weights, cover each piece with plastic wrap and pound out with flat side of a meat tenderizer, or meat mallet, to 14inch thickness. In a small bowl combine crabmeat, Brie cheese, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped herbs, 1 tablespoon shallot, 1 teaspoon minced garlic and salt and pepper, to taste. Season both sides of halibut with salt, pepper and some of the fresh herbs. Lay on an individual piece of plastic wrap, twice as big as the fish piece, flesh side down. Lay salmon piece on top of halibut, directly in the middle. Season with salt and pepper. Spread 14th of the crab and Brie mixture in the middle of the salmon. Do this with all 4 pieces of fish. Take plastic wrap that the fish is laying on and wrap fish into a tight roll, twisting the ends to make a tube. Refrigerate.nToss yams, roughly chopped garlic, thyme sprigs and olive oil in a bowl until completely coated. Season with salt and pepper. Spread evenly on a sheet pan and roast in a 350 degree F oven for 15 to 20 minutes or until tender. While yams are roasting combine Riesling and 2 tablespoons shallots in a small saucepan. Reduce by 34 over mediumlow heat. Whisk in butter a little at a time until completely combined. Once all the butter is beaten in, remove from heat and season with salt. When yams have about 10 minutes left to finish, take fish rolls from the refrigerator and slice each roll into 3 or 5 equal sections. Remove plastic wrap after cutting and lay shingled out on well greased sheet pan and put into oven with yams. When yams are done, fish should be done as well. While fish and yams are cooking, heat saute pan with 1 tablespoon whole butter. Once hot, drop mushrooms into pan and saute over mediumhigh heat until crispy and tender. Season with 1 tablespoon shallot, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, salt and pepper, to taste. Remove yams and fish from oven. Place a 3 or 4inch ring mold in center of plate and fill with roasted yam hash, pressing down firmly. Remove ring mold. Place mushroom mixture on top of yam cake, allowing it to spill slightly over the side. Take fish roll and shingle in front and up yam cake, creating some height with the back piece of fish. Drizzle 1ounce Riesling butter over front edges of fish slices. Garnish with 2 chive sprigs and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh Alaskan halibut, cut into 4 4ounce square pieces Filet halibut in half if too thick, 8 ounces fresh Alaska salmon, cut in 2ounce rectangle pieces, 4 ounces Alaskan king crab leg and claw meat, cooked and extracted from shell, 4 ounces Brie cheese, including rind, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons each finely chopped fresh tarragon, chive, Italian parsley,, 4 tablespoons shallots, very small dice, divided, 1 pound yams, diced, 1 garlic clove, minced, plus 6 large cloves, roughly chopped, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1ounce extravirgin olive oil, 12 bottle Riesling, reserving  ounce, 12 pound whole butter, reserving 2 tablespoons, small dice, 12 pound assorted mushrooms, cleaned, halved or sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 sprigs chives, 4 inches long, for garnish], title: Alaskan Halibut, Salmon and Crab Roulade, picturelink: QxIjImwjoXYwIG241N0h5ION.lViwS2}, 58581: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the butter, cardamom, orange zest, ginger, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper set aside.nButterfly the chicken: Place on a cutting board, breastside down with the neck toward you. Using a pair of sharp kitchen shears and your biceps, cut through the bones on either side of the backbone the spine should come away in a narrow strip, which you can discard or save for stock. Flip the bird over, breasts facing up and closest to you. Using the heel of your palm and your body weight, push down on the breastbone you should hear it crack. The chicken should lie flat now. Rotate the drumsticks toward the center line of the body so she looks a little knockkneed. There you go. You just butterflied a chickennSlide your fingers between the flesh and the skin over the breasts, thighs and drumsticks. Use a teaspoon to deposit a little of the flavored butter into each pocket and smooth it out over each part of the chicken, making sure the butter is evenly spread, then pat the skin dry.nToss the potato slices with the sunflower oil, season with salt and pepper and let them sit in a bowl at room temperature alongside the chicken for 30 minutes. Give your oven a quick wipe down before preheating it to 500 degrees F. The high temps will cause any leftover drips to smoke you out of your kitchen If your oven still smokes, then turn it down to 450 degrees F after the first 10 minutes.nDrain off the water thats been drawn from the potatoes and pour the potatoes into an even layer in a large castiron skillet. Place the chicken on top of the potatoes and tuck the wings under her shoulders. Pop the whole kit n kaboodle into the oven. Cook for 20 minutes. Rotate the skillet and cook for 20 more minutes, until the skin is crispy, the juices run clear and the thickest part of the breast registers 160 degrees F on an instantread thermometer.nRemove the chicken from the oven and set aside to rest for 10 minutes on a cutting board, loosely tented with foil. Using a fish spatula or slotted spoon, gently turn the potatoes. If youd like them crispier, pop them under your broiler for 3 to 5 minutes. Scoop out the potatoes onto a platter, leaving behind the pan grease. Cut the chicken into pieces, place them on top of the potatoes and serve with boldness and couragenFind more recipes from Aarti in her cookbook, Aarti Paarti 28, Grand Central Publishing.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [14 cup 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 1 tablespoon peeled, grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced about 2 teaspoons, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 whole chicken 4 to 5 pounds, giblets removed, trimmed of excess fat, rinsed and patted dry, 2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes about 8, sliced into 14inchthick rounds, 1 tablespoon sunflower oil], title: OrangeCardamom Roast Chicken, picturelink: Mum4U2JKCGYKnrlffynb8rbJIkDK04K}, 58582: {instructions: Mix the cranberry juice, rum, lime juice, nutmeg, cinnamon sticks and tangerine slices in a punch bowl and chill. Serve over ice., ingredients: [2 liters cranberry juice, 1.5 liters spiced rum, 2 cups lime juice, 1 tablespoon freshly grated nutmeg, 3 cinnamon sticks, 1 tangerine, sliced, Ice], title: Holiday Rum Punch Remix, picturelink: null}, 58583: {instructions: Bring sugar and water to a boil in a very small saucepan, stirring until sugar is dissolved, then boil 1 minute. Stir together raisins, rum and sugar syrup in a small bowl, and let raisins plump, covered at room temperature overnight.nCut peel from grapefruit, including all white pith, with a sharp knife and cut sections free from membranes. Put sections in a serving bowl and pour rumraisin syrup over them. Sprinkle with almonds., ingredients: [3 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup golden raisins, 14 cup dark rum, 3 red, pink, or white grapefruits, 1 tablespoon sliced almonds, toasted], title: Grapefruit with Golden Raisin Rum Syrup, picturelink: null}, 58584: {instructions: Bring a medium saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the haricots verts and cook until crisptender, about 3 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water transfer to a paper towellined plate. Refill the pot with water and bring to a simmer.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Pour the drippings into a large bowl whisk in 2 tablespoons vinegar and the mustard until smooth. Add the frisee, endive, haricots verts, herbs, shallot, bacon, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper toss.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon vinegar to the simmering water. Reduce the heat to low. Crack each egg into a ramekin or teacup, then gently slip into the water. Cook until the whites are set but the yolks are still runny, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat.nDivide the salad among plates. Remove the eggs with a slotted spoon, blot dry on a paper towel, then transfer to the salads. Season with salt and pepper and serve with the baguette.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces haricots verts or green beans, trimmed, 4 slices thickcut bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 2 heads frisee, torn about 8 cups, 1 head Belgian endive, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs such as parsley, tarragon or a combination, 1 small shallot, minced, Freshly ground pepper, 4 large eggs, 12 baguette, sliced and lightly toasted], title: Bistro Salad with Poached Eggs, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 58585: {instructions: Lightly coat two 12cup muffin pans and a rubber spatula with cooking spray. Sprinkle a few crushed freezedried strawberries into the bottom of each muffin cup set aside.nMelt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the honey, marshmallows, vanilla and salt stir with the rubber spatula until completely melted. Add the cereal and the remaining crushed freezedried strawberries and stir until incorporated.nDivide the mixture between the prepared muffin pans, firmly packing it in let set, about 20 minutes. Gently pry out of the pans. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 14 cups freezedried strawberries, crushed, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 10ounce bag mini marshmallows, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 8 cups crispy wholegrain rice cereal], title: Strawberry Cereal Treats, picturelink: pjHFdxjE3pNWfllKQhTfI1gb85YG6}, 58586: {instructions: How to Make a Cornet, method followsnMake the centerpiece: Use a marker to trace the shapes of the centerpiece on a sheet of parchment paper in a sheet pan. Depending on how well you space your drawing for the entire centerpiece, you will need 4 to 5 set ups of parchment paper lined sheet pans. Starting with the centerpiece layers, draw 3 round bases of gradual size: draw the first circle 8 inches in diameter, the second circle about 5 inches in diameter and the third circle about 3 inches in diameter. Fill each circle by drawing a crosshatch pattern spacing your lines 12 to 34inch apart. Turn the traced paper over so the ink does not transfer to the pate a choux. Place the pate a choux in a piping bag with a 14inch straight tip and trace the base shapes you drew.nTo make the supports for the base: Using the same technique used to trace the 3 round bases, draw 5 curled lines that resemble a decorative letter S about 6 inches tall. These will sit between the largest and middlesized base. Then make the same shape in a smaller size, about 3 inches tall, you will need 3 of the smaller S shapes. Turn the traced paper over so the ink does not transfer to the pate a choux. Trace the S shapes with the piping bag filled with the pate a choux.nTo make the butterflies: begin by making the butterfly wings, draw the shape of a teardrop about 2 12 to 3 inches long. Draw a second tear drop, the same size as the first, they should be connected, round end to round end in order to create a wing shape. Draw 10 sets of wings, this will give you 5 butterflies. Place more pate a choux in a paper cornet see How to Make a Cornet. Trim the tip so you can draw a very fine line. Trace the outline of the butterfly wings with the pate a choux. Then, in a freeform style, draw a narrower teardrop shape within the boundaries of each of the larger teardrops. Make sure the smaller teardrops connect with the larger teardrops at both ends. To make the body of the butterfly, using the same cornet, pipe 2inch strips making a thick end the head and gradually tapering off. To make the antennae simply pipe a 1 12inch V shape. You will need 5 sets of bodies and 5 sets of antennae.nBake the pate a choux in the oven at 320 degrees F for about 20 minutes.nHow to Make a Cornet:nThe Cornet: A cornet is a small piping bag made from parchment paper. It is usually used to make fine decorations.nCut an 8 by 12 by 14 12inch triangle from a sheet of parchment paper.nHold the middle of the long side of the triangle between 2 fingers of 1 hand. Take the tip of the triangle on the short, wide end and roll it toward the other tip of that same end while simultaneously pulling it in an upward motion. The tip of a cone will form where your thumb and finger hold it on the long side.nRelease your grip from the long side, so that you are now holding the 2 corners where they meet. The paper will already resemble a partially formed cone.nRoll the remaining tail until it is completely rolled into a cone. There will be 1 point sticking up from the open end. Fold it inside toward the center, and crease the fold. Now you should have a cornet.nTo close the cornet once it has been filled, fold it away from the seam this will keep the seam from opening. Use a pair of scissors or a sharp paring knife to cut an opening at the tip of the cornet to the desired size.nPrepare the pate a choux: Place the water, salt, granulated sugar, and butter in a 4quart heavybottomed saucepan, set it over mediumhigh heat, and bring to a boil. The butter should be completely melted by the time the mixture boils. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the bread flour all at once and incorporate it thoroughly with a wooden spoon.nReturn the saucepan to the stove and cook over medium heat for about 3 minutes to dry out the paste. As it cooks, push the paste from side to side with the wooden spoon. Turn it onto itself to allow every side to touch the bottom of the saucepan, which helps it dry. Keep the paste moving, or it will burn. The paste will dry out and leave a thin film on the bottom of the saucepan.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and transfer the paste to a large mixing bowl. Mix with an electric mixer set on low speed for about 2 minutes to release some of the steam. Continue to mix and slowly add the eggs 1 at a time, incorporating well after each addition. After each egg is added, the paste will become loose and look separated. Once each egg is well incorporated, the paste will become smooth again. The number of eggs used will vary depending on the size of the eggs and how well the pate a choux is dried. The drier it is, the more eggs you will need. After you have added 2 eggs, check the consistency by scooping a large amount of the paste onto a wooden spoon. Hold the spoon horizontally about 1foot above the bowl and watch as the batter falls from the spoon back into the bowl. If it is pale yellow, smooth, moist, slightly elastic, sticky, and takes 5 to 7 seconds to fall into the bowl, it is ready. If it appears rough, dry, and falls into the bowl in 1 big ball, it needs more eggs. Add another egg and check the consistency again after it is well incorporated.nTo make the caramel: Place the sugar, corn syrup and water in a 1quart heavybottomed saucepan and cook over mediumhigh heat until light golden brown. Pour the caramel into a heatproof bowl to hold the temperature of the sugar. Put a towel under the bowl to keep it from tipping and to protect your hands from the heat of the glass.nAssemble the centerpiece: The caramel acts as glue. Dip the bottom of the first large S into the caramel and stick it to the largest base going from the out side rim of the circle, towards the center of the circle. In other words, the base supports should almost meet each other in the center of the circle. This creates a structure for the next layer to rest on. You will have to hold each S support in place in order for the caramel to harden and actually stick, keeping the S shape in the right position. Repeat using the other 4 pieces, spacing them evenly. Dip the bottom of the first small S into the caramel and stick it to the mediumsized base. Repeat using the other pieces, again spacing them evenly. Place the medium size base on the large S supports. Top the small S supports with the smallest base. You will have a 3 tiered structure.nTo assemble the butterflies: using the caramel as glue, connect 2 sets of the wings together. Do this along length of the wings. Adjust the wings to sit at a slight angle, as though the wings are in midflight. Do this with all 10 wing sets, creating 5 total butterflies. Using a paring knife dipped in the caramel to spread it might be easier than dipping the wings or bodies in the bowl of caramel. You may need to prop the wings up while they harden. You can do so using 2 rolling pins or 2 thick books lying with about 2 inches between them. The space between them is where the glued center juncture will rest on the work surface and you will be able let the wings harden on a slight angle this way you will not have to hold them in place until they harden. Using more caramel, glue the bodies to the area where you glued the wings together. Place the fatter end of the body at the top section where the wings are joined. Glue the antenna to the fatter part of the bodies. If at some point during the gluing process the caramel has become to stiff to use place the caramel in the microwave oven at 30second intervals, until it loosens up for you to use it again. Once the butterflies have been assembled and the caramel has hardened, you can then glue them wherever you like on the 3tiered centerpiece.nPlace the centerpiece on a large tray. Display the Bomboloni and the Cloud Puffs around the centerpiece. Voila, ingredients: [Generous 12 cup water, Pinch salt, Pinch granulated sugar, 3 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 12 cup bread flour, 2 to 3 large eggs, 2 12 cups granulated sugar, Scant 23 cup light corn syrup, Scant 12 cup water], title: Pate a Choux Centerpiece, picturelink: null}, 58587: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 8 metal or wooden skewersnFor the cookie crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, cream the granulated sugar, butter, vanilla and lemon and lime zests thoroughly. Add the eggs and beat until light and fluffy. Add the milk and mix. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder and salt. Blend the flour mixture into the butter and sugar mixture. Divide the dough in half, flatten into discs and wrap with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 1 hour or freeze for 20 minutes.nRoll out the 2 pieces of dough and put each one on a baking sheet. Bake until the cookie dough is cooked and golden brown but not overly crisp, 8 to 10 minutes.nAllow to cool completely.nFor the topping: Using a mixer with a whisk attachment, whip together the cream cheese, powdered sugar, vanilla and lemon zest in a medium bowl until light and fluffy.nFor the apple jelly glaze: Mix the apple jelly and 3 tablespoons water together in a bowl.nFor the grilled fruit: Heat a grill pan to mediumhigh heat and oil with the coconut oil. Thread the strawberries, kiwi, peaches and pineapple slices separately onto skewers there should be about 2 skewers per type of fruit and lay them onto a plate. Brush with the apple jelly glaze. Turn the skewers over and brush the other side with more glaze.nGrill the fruit, turning once, until grill marks appear, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the fruit from the skewers, placing each type of fruit into individual bowls.nServe the cooled crusts with the cream cheese topping, bowls of grilled fruit and the remaining apple jelly glaze. Let everyone build their own pizza by spreading the cream mixture on the crust and decorating with as much fruit as desired, finishing with a final brushing of the apple jelly mixture for gloss, ingredients: [Cookie Crust:, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 13 cups 2 23 sticks salted butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 teaspoon lime zest, 2 large eggs, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Topping:, One 8ounce package cream cheese, 13 cup powdered sugar, Zest of 12 lemon, Apple Jelly Glaze:, 12 cup apple jelly, Grilled Fruit:, Coconut oil, for oiling the grill pan, 10 strawberries, hulled, 4 kiwi fruit, peeled and quartered, 2 peaches, quartered, 12 pineapple, skinned, cored and cut into 14inch slices], title: Grilled Fruit Pizzas, picturelink: I6zgJykD6NMd4rviu5qESdk0s02HU2}, 58588: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the pancetta in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until it forms a paste. Transfer to a bowl and mix in by hand the garlic, citrus zests, parsley, rosemary, red pepper flakes, capers and 2 tablespoons salt until thoroughly blended.nPut the ham fleshside up on a cutting board and score the meat with the tip of a sharp knife every inch or so in a crosshatch pattern. Rub the pancetta paste into the meat, making sure to get it into the score marks. Flip the ham over and score the skin with the knife as you did the flesh. Roll the ham up skinside out and secure with kitchen twine. Season the skin lightly with salt.nPut the pork in a roasting pan and transfer to the oven to roast for 2 hours.nIncrease the oven temperature to 400 degrees F and roast until the pork reaches an internal temperature of 170 degrees F and the skin is nice and crisp, about 1 hour, 30 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let rest for 30 minutes. Thinly slice the porchetta before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [8 ounces pancetta, finely chopped, 10 cloves garlic, minced, Grated zest of 3 lemons, Grated zest of 1 orange, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Leaves from 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, chopped, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons rinsed capers, chopped, 1 10to12pound skinon boneless fresh ham, butterflied], title: Porchetta, picturelink: zhOqjkvbz.rYhD5vdIQRDfGNcXm62C}, 58589: {instructions: Tear Napa cabbage into bite size pieces. Cut Romaine lettuce into 13 inch strips. Toss in large bowl with spring onions. In a small bowl combine red pepper flakes, ginger, garlic, sesame oil, vinegar and soy sauce. Pour over greens and toss well to coat. Sprinkle with sesame seeds., ingredients: [1 small head Napa cabbage, 1 small head Romaine lettuce, 8 spring onions, thinly chopped on the bias, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, or more to taste, 1 teaspoon grated ginger, 1 clove garlic, crushed into a paste, 3 tablespoons sesame oil, 4 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted], title: Instant Kimchi, picturelink: null}, 58590: {instructions: In a medium bowl, stir together the flour, baking powder and salt set aside. In a large bowl, whisk the oil, eggs, egg yolk, sugar, zest, both juices and brandy until smooth. Gradually stir in the flour mixture until a sticky dough is formed. Wrap in plastic wrap, flatten into a disk and chill overnight.nWhen ready to bake, preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nWorking with about one quarter of the dough at a time and leaving the remaining in the refrigerator, roll on lightly floured surface a little less than 14inch thick. Cut circles or other fun shapes using cookie cutters 2 12 to 3 inches. Place a spoonful of filling in center about 1 teaspoon per cookie and then pinch one side up. Turn and pinch second and then third to make a triangular shape. Leave a little bit of the filling showing at the top. For nontraditional shapes, use your imagination: tubular, squares, bitesize or even some flat cookies depressed in the center with a bit of filling there.nPlace cookies on parchment paper on cookie sheet, brush with a little beaten egg for sheen and bake until nicely browned, 10 to 15 minutes.nKeep room temp in airtight container but consume within 3 to 4 days, tops.nCombine everything except the lemon zest and juice and the beaten egg into a saucepan and cook over moderate heat until thick, 10 to 15 minutes. Stir often. Add zest and juice. Take a bit of the filling and mix it into the beaten egg. Repeat, then mix the egg mixture into the pot of filling. Cool overnight., ingredients: [4 cups flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 23 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup sugar, Zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 12 lemon, Juice of 12 orange, 2 tablespoons brandy, Raspberry or apricot preserves, or Poppy Seed Filling, recipe follows, for filling, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 12 cup raisins, 34 cup fresh poppy seeds see Cooks Note, 12 cup milk, 4 to 5 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon lemon zest plus 12 teaspoon of the juice, 1 slightly beaten egg], title: Hamentashen, picturelink: lghrUo.QT9WzA6KPfIOe4cT6lGNjvgS}, 58591: {instructions: Place ice cream in a large bowl and let stand at room temperature until very soft. Slice the banana and mix it into the ice cream along with the almonds. Spoon the ice cream into the piecrust and sprinkle with chocolate morsels. Freeze the pie until ice cream is very firm, at least 2 hours. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [2 pints lowfat vanilla ice cream, 1 ripe banana, 2 tablespoons chopped almonds, 1 prepared reducedfat graham cracker piecrust, 14 cup mini dark chocolate morsels], title: Janettes Ice Cream Nutty Pie, picturelink: null}, 58592: {instructions: For serving: sliced avocado, sour cream, grated Cheddar cheese, and tortilla chipsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the chicken breasts skin side up on a sheet pan. Rub with olive oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and roast for 35 to 40 minutes, until done. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones, and shred the meat. Cover and set aside.nMeanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven. Add the onions, celery, and carrots and cook over mediumlow heat for 10 minutes, or until the onions start to brown. Add the garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the chicken stock, tomatoes with their puree, jalapenos, cumin, coriander, 1 tablespoon salt depending on the saltiness of the chicken stock, 1 teaspoon pepper, and the cilantro, if using. Cut the tortillas in 12, then cut them crosswise into 12inch strips and add to the soup. Bring the soup to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 25 minutes. Add the shredded chicken and season to taste. Serve the soup hot topped with sliced avocado, a dollop of sour cream, grated Cheddar cheese, and broken tortilla chips., ingredients: [4 split 2 whole chicken breasts, bone in, skin on, Good olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups chopped onions 2 onions, 1 cup chopped celery 2 stalks, 2 cups chopped carrots 4 carrots, 4 large cloves garlic, chopped, 2 12 quarts chicken stock, preferably homemade, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes in puree, crushed, 2 to 4 jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander seed, 14 to 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, optional, 6 6inch fresh white corn tortillas], title: Mexican Chicken Soup, picturelink: KY5NqkRX6JnV0zXu6pReMGoEWNMheAC}, 58593: {instructions: Heat the oven to 325 degrees F160 degrees C.nCut slivers in the pork chops and slide in slices of garlic. Heat the pork fat or butter in a pan on high heat. Sprinkle the chops with salt and pepper and brown them, about 3 minutes per side.nArrange half the potatoes and onions in a casserole. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and lay the chops on top. Scatter over the bacon and juniper berries. Cover with the remaining potatoes and onions. Sprinkle with salt and pepper again. Pour over the wine. Cut a piece of parchment to fit over the potatoes and pork chops and lay it in on top. Bake the dish for about 1 hour 30 minutes, pouring in the stock halfway through baking. Sprinkle with parsley to serve., ingredients: [4 fatty pork chops, 2 cloves garlic, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon pork fat, or butter, 1 12 pounds750 g potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 onion, sliced, 4 slices bacon, 12 teaspoon juniper berries, 12 cup125 ml white wine, cider or beer, 12 cup125 beef or chicken stock, A handful of chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Pork Chops with Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 58594: {instructions: Saute shallots and ginger. Deglaze with sake. Add dashi and cream. Reduce by 20 per cent. Add uni and blend. Season. Serve with Crab Salad on the side.nMix all and taste.nServe in hollowed out uni shells nestled in a salt pile. Garnish with chives., ingredients: [Butter, to cook, 4 shallots minced, 12 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup sake, 3 cups dashi or chicken stock, 1 cup cream, 1 cup uni, 2 tablespoon chopped chives, Crab Salad, recipe follows, 1 cup Dungeness crab, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 tablespoon chopped chives, 3 splashes hot pepper sauce, 12 cup brunoised celery or fennel, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Uni Bisque with Crab Salad, picturelink: null}, 58595: {instructions: In a large pot, heat the milk and add the 34 of each cheese. Stir in the pasta and soybeans. Check for seasoning. Place in ovenproof casserole and top with remaining cheese. This will hide the protein packed green things. Broil on high until bubbly brown. If placing in the oven from a cooled or cold state, then heat in the oven at 350 degrees for 15 minutes before broiling., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 cups grated cheddar cheese, 2 cups grated gruyere cheese may substitute Swiss, 1 pound blanched macaroni, 1 cup edamames, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Protein Packed MacNCheese, picturelink: null}, 58596: {instructions: For the porcinis: Heat the oil over medium heat in a large, heavy frying pan. Add the onions and cook, stirring, until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms and chiles and continue cooking until golden brown, about 5 more minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the cilantro and set aside.nFor the blue corn tortillas: In a bowl, mix the harina de maiz azul, masa harina and salt with the warm water using a wooden spoon until a dough is formed, about 2 minutes. Let stand, covered tightly with plastic wrap, for 2 minutes.nDivide the dough into 12 parts. Roll each part into a ball, keeping the balls you are not using in a plastic bag so that they dont dry out. If the dough does get too dry, add a little extra water.nPlace a ball on a sheet of plastic wrap and cover it with another sheet. Flatten slightly with the palm of your hand, and then finish rolling with a rolling pin, working quickly and lightly. Flip the package over and repeat until an approximately 6inch circle is formed. Repeat with all the dough balls.nPreheat a flat griddle or pan to high heat.nPeel away the top layer of plastic wrap, flip the package over gently and peel away the other piece of plastic wrap. Transfer to the griddle.nBake on the first side for about 30 seconds. Flip and bake on the second side for about 30 seconds. Flip once again. Remove from the griddle and keep warm.nTo assemble, spread with a quarter of the cheese on 1 tortilla. Garnish with a quarter of the mushrooms and top with another tortilla. Place on the griddle, turn the heat down to mediumhigh and press down gently. Cook until the cheese begins to melt. Flip the quesadilla, and heat for another minute. Repeat with the remaining ingredients. Serve with salsa if desired., ingredients: [2 tablespoons30 ml olive oil, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 8 ounces porcini mushrooms, trimmed and sliced, 1 jalapeno or serrano chile, seeded and minced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, A few sprigs of fresh cilantro or epazote, 1 cup250 ml harina de maiz azul blue cornmeal, 1 cup250 ml masa harina, 12 teaspoon2 ml salt, About 1 cup250 ml warm water, 1 cup250 ml queso fresco, Salsa, for serving, optional], title: Blue Corn, Mushroom and Cheese Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 58597: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix together the brown sugar and honey. Set aside.nIn another small bowl, mix together the orange juice, peach nectar and chipotles.nArrange the ham, cut end down, in a large baking dish. Pour a few tablespoons of the juice mixture over the ham and in between the layers. Bake for 30 minutes, basting every 10 minutes with the remaining juice mixture.nRemove the ham from the oven. Reserve about 1 12 cups of cooked juice from baking dish. Brush the honey mixture on the ham and return to the oven to bake for an additional hour until a crust forms and the ham begins to caramelize. Remove from the oven to a serving platter and serve with the reserved baking juice., ingredients: [12 cup dark brown sugar, 12 cup honey, 12 cup fresh orange juice, 12 cup peach nectar, 4 to 5 chipotles, minced, 5 pound spiral cut smoked ham], title: Spiral Ham, picturelink: null}, 58598: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium skillet over medium heat, add 1 tablespoon of the oil. When it is hot, add the tomato and garlic. Cook down until slightly thickened and some of the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and set aside.nHeat an outdoor grill or grill pan over medium heat. Preheat the broiler.nPat the pizza dough out into a 12 by 6inch rectangle and brush with 1 tablespoon of oil. Transfer the dough to the grill and grill, oiled side down, until the dough starts to crisp and turn brown on the bottom side, about 3 minutes. Brush the top with the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and flip it over and grill for another 3 minutes. Remove from the grill to a sheet pan. Spread it with the tomato sauce and cover with the mozzarella slices. Put it under the broiler and broil until the cheese is melted and bubbling, about 3 minutes. Remove from the broiler, sprinkle with basil leaves, then cut and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, Reserved chopped tomato from Caprese Salad Stuffed Tomatoes recipe, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce package refrigerated pizza dough, Reserved mozzarella, sliced thin, from Caprese Salad Stuffed Tomatoes recipe, 14 bunch basil leaves], title: Round 2 Recipe  Grilled Margherita Pizza, picturelink: y3OBH89Unmi8B0lWhrWfRbETNuLTJYm}, 58599: {instructions: Freeze the cheese sticks for at least 30 minutes.nHeat the oil to 350 degrees F in a deep, heavy pot.nSet up a breading station with the flour and a pinch of salt and pepper in one pie pan the beaten eggs in a second and the pretzel crumbs in a third.nDip each cheese stick in the flour, then in the egg wash, and then in the pretzels.nCarefully add the breaded cheese sticks to the hot oil and fry until dark golden brown all over, about 1 minute per side. Drain on a papertowellined plate and immediately sprinkle with salt. Serve with salsa., ingredients: [One 6pack pepper jack snack sticks, 2 cups vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups crushed pretzels, Salsa, for serving, optional], title: Pretzel Pepper Jack Cheese Sticks, picturelink: nbe0PUxTuCyFvGhgQerQez9UrA6hCVK}, 58600: {instructions: Put the string beans and frozen edamame into a steamer basket and steam them for 4 minutes. Transfer the beans to a large bowl and put them into the refrigerator to cool for 15 minutes or longer.nIn a small bowl whisk together the oil, vinegar, apricot preserves, sugar and ginger. Add the black beans and scallions to the other beans, drizzle with dressing, and toss to coat. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound string beans, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 10ounce bag frozen shelled edamame green soy beans, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 14 cup 100 percent fruit apricot preserves, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 scallions, sliced, Salt], title: AsianStyle 3 Bean Salad, picturelink: iFI.84D8jTHvTwKHWQz49isx22tIWyu}, 58601: {instructions: In a blender or a food processor, combine all the ingredients and process for 30 seconds. Pour into a chilled cocktail glass., ingredients: [2 ounces light rum, 1 teaspoon grapefruit juice, 1 teaspoon maraschino liqueur, Juice of 12 lime, 12 cup crushed ice], title: Ernests Special Daiquiri, picturelink: null}, 58602: {instructions: Put spring onion bulbs in a large bowl. Season with kosher salt and cracked black pepper and drizzle with some oil. Place on hot grill and grill until tender, constantly rotating, and serve., ingredients: [8 cleaned spring onions, Kosher salt, Cracked black pepper, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Bacara Ranch Spring Onion, picturelink: null}, 58603: {instructions: Heat 4 cups water to boiling in a 5quart saucepan on top of stove. Add chicken or cubed beef and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Reduce to medium heat and simmer until meat is tender, reserving liquid. If using chicken in your recipe, remove pieces from pan and allow cooling before boning and dicing meat.nTo reserved liquid, add potatoes and onions. If necessary, add just enough water to cover the ingredients and simmer on medium heat until potatoes are tender.nAdd diced chicken or beef, black pepper, tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, remaining 1 teaspoon salt, chili powder, and paprika and bring to a boil.nAdd cans of whole kernel and creamstyle corn while stirring stew on high heat to prevent scorching.nReduce heat to a simmer. If necessary, add water to bring stew to desired consistency. Cover and simmer over medium heat for 15 minutes, stirring as needed.nOther ingredients may be added to suit individual taste. Serve with saltine crackers or cornbread, cheddar cheese, and dill pickles., ingredients: [4 cups water, 2 pounds skinless chicken or cubed beef, 1 12 teaspoons salt, plus 1 teaspoon salt, 4 medium potatoes, diced about 2 pounds, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 15ounce can tomato sauce, 1 14 12ounce can tomatoes, peeled and diced, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 4 teaspoons paprika, 1 16ounce can whole kernel corn, 1 16ounce can creamstyle corn], title: Hopkins County Stew Family Size, picturelink: null}, 58604: {instructions: Spread the Avocado Dressing over the tortilla, then layer the quinoa, turkey, tomatoes, grilled cheese and spinach. Tightly wrap and serve.nIn the pitcher of a blender, add the oil, lemon juice, chives, parsley, vinegar, pepper, garlic and avocado. Mix until smooth. Season with salt and mix to combine., ingredients: [2 ounces Avocado Dressing, recipe follows, 1 large tortilla, 12 cup cooked quinoa, 4 ounces sliced ovenroasted turkey, 1 Roma tomato, sliced, 2 ounces queso blanco, grilled, 12 cup baby spinach, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon white distilled vinegar, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, 1 ripe avocado, Salt], title: Power Protein Wrap, picturelink: .BToT1v3HhSgBumt.b8avSbEoBHFn2}, 58605: {instructions: Arrange a rack in the middle of the oven and heat to 375 degrees F.nCoat a 10inch aluminum tube pan or 2 9 by 5inch loaf pans with 1 tablespoon of butter and dust with 2 tablespoons of the flour.nCombine the remaining 12 ounces of butter and sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer and cream for 6 minutes on medium speed, using the paddle attachment. Stop once to scrape down the sides of the bowl with a spatula. With the mixer running at lowest speed, add the eggs, 1 at a time, making sure each egg is fully incorporated before adding the next. Again stopping once to scrape down the sides of the bowl. This will take approximately 1 12 minutes. Add the vanilla and salt and beat on medium speed for 30 seconds.nWith the mixer on the lowest speed add the flour in 3 installments, alternating with the buttermilk, beginning and ending with the flour, making sure each portion is fully incorporated before adding the next. After the final addition, beat the batter for 30 seconds on medium speed until almost smooth.nScoop the batter into the prepared pans, dividing evenly if using 2 pans. Bake for 1 hour in a tube pan or in loaf pans, until the internal temperature reaches 210 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. The crust will be golden brown and spring back when pressed, but the crack around the center will appear moist.nRemove the cake from the oven to a cooling rack for 10 minutes. Remove the cake from the pans and cool on the rack for 10 minutes longer. Store the cake on the rack covered with a tea towel for up to 3 days., ingredients: [12 ounces unsalted butter, cut into pieces and softened, plus 1 tablespoon, 16 ounces cake flour, plus 2 tablespoons, 16 ounces sugar, 4 large eggs, room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup whole buttermilk, room temperature], title: Buttermilk Pound Cake, picturelink: clniMpUh95XxmkeaSXSieGZBnimNnC}, 58606: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients, except the pork, in a glass or plastic bowl until the brown sugar dissolves. The sauce can be made a day ahead and stored, covered, in the refrigerator.nPreheat the grill to 250 degrees F.nPlace the pork shoulder on the grill and cook the meat until the internal temperature reaches 180 degrees F, about 10 to 12 hours. Once the pork shoulder is finished cooking, remove from the grill and let rest until it is cool enough to handle.nStrip the skin and bones from the pork shoulder and discard. Pull the pork meat into shreds or chop with a cleaver. Pour half of the sauce into the meat and mix with your hands. Continue adding sauce to the meat until the meat is moist but not soggy.nServe the pork shoulder with baked sweet potatoes, coleslaw, and some extra barbecue sauce on the side., ingredients: [16 ounces apple cider vinegar, 2 ounces red hot sauce, 2 ounces freshly squeezed lemon juice, 4 ounces light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon red cayenne pepper, 1 14 teaspoons crushed red pepper, Salt and black pepper, One 8 to 10pound pork shoulder with skin, Serving suggestions: baked sweet potatoes, coleslaw, and some extra barbecue sauce on the side], title: Marshalls Pork Shoulder and Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: blh6Ptn2k5pXnOqgrBljolnGWPjdm}, 58607: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 9 by 5 by 2 34inch loaf pannPut the oats in a bowl, pour over the milk, and leave them to soak for 30 minutes.nPreheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly grease and line the loaf pan with parchment paper, and set aside.nSift the flour and baking powder into a bowl. Then, stir in the rolled oats, dried cherries, dried apples, sugar, cinnamon, honey, egg and 3 tablespoons almonds, mixing everything together well. Spoon the mixture into the loaf pan, leveling the top, and sprinkling over the remaining almonds. Bake the loaf until the crust is golden brown and the interior is cooked, about 45 minutes.nLet it rest shortly in the pan before turning the loaf out onto a wire rack to cool completely. Cut off slices, toast and serve with some fresh ricotta and drizzles of honey., ingredients: [12 cup rolled oats, 1 14 cups milk, 2 cups selfrising or wholegrain flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 4 12 ounces dried cherries, 1 12 ounces dried apples, diced, 13 cup soft brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 tablespoons honey, plus more for garnish, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 5 tablespoons coarsely chopped almonds, Fresh ricotta, Honey, for drizzling], title: Apple, Dried Cherry and Almond Loaf, picturelink: null}, 58608: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, ginger, and salt and then combine the mixture with your hands. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the brown sugar, oil, and molasses on medium speed for 5 minutes. Turn the mixer to low speed, add the egg, and beat for 1 minute. Scrape the bowl with a rubber spatula and beat for 1 more minute. With the mixer still on low, slowly add the dry ingredients to the bowl and mix on medium speed for 2 minutes. Add the crystallized ginger and mix until combined.nScoop the dough with 2 spoons or a small ice cream scoop. With your hands, roll each cookie into a 1 34inch ball and then flatten them lightly with your fingers. Press both sides of each cookie in granulated sugar and place them on the sheet pans. Bake for exactly 13 minutes. The cookies will be crackled on the top and soft inside. Let the cookies cool on the sheets for 1 to 2 minutes, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely., ingredients: [2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground cloves, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup dark brown sugar, lightly packed, 14 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup unsulfured molasses, 1 extralarge egg, at room temperature, 1 14 cups chopped crystallized ginger 6 ounces, Granulated sugar, for rolling the cookies], title: Ultimate Ginger Cookie, picturelink: rfHT.VGQNeF9arT6Mz4oLJimirCd4Y2}, 58609: {instructions: Preheat oven to 275u00b0F. Line 12hole standard muffin pan with baking liners.nFood process toasted walnuts until fine. Add butter and sugar, process until combined. Divide mixture among baking cups press firmly.nBeat cream cheese, pumpkin, sour cream, nutmeg, cinnamon, pumpkin pie spice, sugar and vanilla in a bowl with electric mixer until smooth. Beat in eggs, just until combined. Do not over beat. Pour mixture into baking cups. Use lowfat sour cream and cream cheese not fat free  because the taste and structure are compromised.nBake cheesecakes for 2530 minutes or until the outside edges are firm and center is a little jiggly. Cool and refrigerate for at least 2 hours.nRemove from baking cup wrapper. Top with whipped cream and a dusting of cinnamon. Serve., ingredients: [FOR THE CRUST:, 2 c California walnuts, toasted, 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 14 c brown sugar, FOR THE FILLING:, 1 12 c lowfat cream cheese, softened, 34 c pumpkin, canned, 14 c light sour cream, 12 t fresh ground nutmeg, 12 t cinnamon, 2 t pumpkin pie spice, 13 c granulated sugar, 1 12 t vanilla extract, 2 eggs, room temperature, FOR THE TOPPING:, Whipped cream, Dust of cinnamon], title: WalnutCrusted Mini Pumpkin Cheesecakes, picturelink: SZvcIWAIjXbldC3jn2kfR8Htbi7ynX.}, 58610: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, combine the softened butter, rosemary, garlic, sage, dried mustard, orange zest, salt, and pepper.nCarefully lift the skin from the turkey breast and rub half of the seasoned butter directly onto the breast. Rub the rest of the seasoned butter on the skin. Season the turkey breast generously with salt, and pepper.nScatter the vegetables on the bottom of a roasting pan just large enough to hold the turkey. Set the meat, breastside up in the pan. Roast for about 2 hours or until an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the breast registers 160 degrees F. Transfer the turkey to a cutting board and tent loosely with foil for 20 minutes. Cooks Note: the breast temperature will continue to rise as it rests.nCarve the turkey breast and serve with the pan juices. Reserve the leftovers for ovenroasted turkey sandwiches., ingredients: [14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 2 tablespoons fresh rosemary leaves, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh sage, chopped, 2 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 teaspoon orange zest, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 6pound fresh turkey breast, on the bone, rinsed and patted dry, 2 stalks celery, cut into 2inch pieces, 2 small carrots, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, 2 small onions, peeled and quartered], title: Roasted Rosemary Turkey Breast, picturelink: fr3oTBDzAjgG9ev4tpeza5U4JloMHa6}, 58611: {instructions: First, make the tomato sauce: Heat the oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and cook, stirring, for 7 to 10 minutes until the vegetables are soft but not browned. Add the tomatoes, crushing them in your hand to break them up. Add the basil and season with salt and pepper. Cook until the sauce is reduced and thickened, about 10 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCut the eggplants crosswise into 12inchthick rounds and put them in a large bowl. Add the garlic, salt, and pepper, and drizzle generously with olive oil. Toss to coat, drizzling in more oil if you needed. Arrange the slices in a single layer on a baking sheet and roast 20 minutes until eggplants are very tender.nWhile the eggplants are roasting, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil for the pasta. About 5 minutes before the eggplants are done, drop the pasta into the boiling water and cook until al dente, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain. Bring the tomato sauce to a simmer and pour it into a large pasta bowl. Add the drained spaghetti and stir to coat with the sauce. Fold in the eggplants and the cherry tomatoes. Add the cheese and basil, and another drizzle of oil, and toss gently. Serve immediately and pass extra cheese at the table., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 5 garlic cloves, minced, 2 cans 28ounce whole, peeled tomatoes, drained, Handful fresh basil leaves, torn, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 small 34 pound eggplants, stemmed but not peeled, 2 to 3 garlic cloves, chopped, Extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound dried spaghetti, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, stemmed, 12 cup freshly grated Pecorino, plus extra for serving], title: Spaghetti with Roasted Eggplant and Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: RE5uBCS4wqTiNQwhzAbBgEd79p4gGGW}, 58612: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of water to a boil add a big pinch of salt and the green beans. Cook for about 5 minutes, the beans should still be crisp, they will be cooked more in the oven. Drain them and set aside.nMelt the butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, season with salt and pepper, and cook until the onions caramelize, about 20 to 25 minutes. Add the thyme, rosemary and chives, and cook for another 5 minutes. Add the green beans and walnuts, and stir well. Season, to taste., ingredients: [Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds green beans, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large onions, sliced thin, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 12 cup walnuts, roughly chopped], title: Green Beans with Fresh Herbs and Walnuts, picturelink: x00Ux5TjE3Hf81upzAq5XWgzxfZb8qG}, 58613: {instructions: Pour 2 cups hot water into bowl of electric mixer with dough hook. Check water with instantread thermometer to register about 110 degrees. Add sugar, stir to dissolve. Sprinkle with yeast let sit 5 minutes yeast should bubble.nBeat 1 cup flour into yeast on low until combined. Beat in salt and 4 cups flour until combined, about 30 seconds. Beat on mediumlow until doughy pulls away from sides of bowl, about 1 12 minutes. Add 12 cup flour, and knead on low 1 minute more. If dough is still wet and sticky, add 12 cup more flour this will depend on weather conditions knead until combined, about 30 seconds. Transfer to a lightly floured board, and knead about 10 times until smooth.nPour oil into a large bowl swirl to coat sides. Transfer dough to bowl, turning dough to completely cover all sides. Cover with a kitchen towel, and leave in a warm spot for 1 hour, or until dough has doubled in size.nHeat oven to 450 degrees. Lightly spray 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Set aside. Punch down dough remove bubbles. Transfer to a lightly floured board. Knead once or twice, divide into 16 pieces about 2 12 ounces each, and wrap in plastic.nRoll 1 piece of dough at a time into an 18  inch  long strip. Twist pretzel shape transfer to prepared baking sheet. Cover with a kitchen towel. Continue to form pretzels 8 will fit on each sheet. Let dough rest until it rises slightly, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, fill large shallow pot with 2 inches water. Bring to a boil. Add baking soda. Reduce to simmer transfer 3 to 4 pretzels to water. Poach 1 minute. Use slotted spoon to transfer pretzels to baking sheet. Continue until all pretzels are poached. Beat egg with 1 tablespoon water. Brush pretzels with egg wash. Sprinkle with salt. Bake 12 to 15 minutes, until golden brown. Let cool on wire rack. Pretzels are best when eaten the same day, and will keep at room temperature, uncovered, for 2 days. Do not store in covered container., ingredients: [2 cups hot water, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast 1 14  ounce envelope, 5 to 6 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 teaspoons canola oil, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 tablespoons baking soda, 1 large egg, Coarse or pretzel salt], title: Soft Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 58614: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the lowest position remove the other racks preheat to 350 degrees F. Remove the neck and giblets from the turkey and set aside for the gravy. Pat the turkey dry with paper towels and rub inside and out with 2 tablespoons each salt and pepper. Stuff the cavity with the onion, fennel, apple, thyme sprigs and lemon halves. Tie the legs together with kitchen twine. Put the turkey on a rack set in a large roasting pan and tuck the wings under the body. Let sit at room temperature while you make the lemonthyme butter.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over low heat whisk in the lemon zest and chopped thyme. Let cool slightly, then brush all over the turkey. Transfer to the oven and roast 1 hour. Meanwhile, start your gravy use 12 cup of your prosecco in place of the white wine in your gravy.nAfter the turkey has roasted 1 hour, pour the remaining prosecco all over the turkey about 2 12 cups. Continue roasting, basting with the pan drippings every 30 minutes, until the skin is golden brown and a thermometer inserted into the thigh registers 165 degrees F, 1 12 to 2 more hours.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board and let rest 30 minutes before carving reserve the drippings for the gravy. Stir the herbs into the finished gravy.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [1 12 to 14pound turkey, thawed if frozen, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 onion, quartered, 12 bulb fennel, trimmed and cut into chunks, 1 apple, cut into chunks, 3 sprigs thyme, plus 1 tablespoon chopped leaves, 1 lemon, zest grated, halved, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 750ml bottle dry prosecco or champagne, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs such as tarragon, chives andor parsley, for the gravy], title: ProseccoRoasted Turkey with Lemon and Thyme, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 58615: {instructions: For the filling, melt the butter in a large pan with a cover. Add apples and sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon. Cover pan and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, until apples have exuded juices. Uncover and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until apples are tender. About a third will have disintegrated, and the rest of the apple slices should remain intact. Cool the filling. May be made several days in advance and stored, covered, in the refrigerator.nTo form the pie, preheat the oven to 375 degrees and set a rack in the lowest level. Roll dough to about a 16inch diameter and center on pan. Spoon filling into center of disk of dough and fold overhanging dough in toward center of pie. Brush the top of the foldedover dough with the egg wash and sprinkle with the sugar.nBake the pie about 40 minutes, until the dough is a deep golden color and the filling is bubbling. Cool slightly before serving. Or cool completely and reheat before serving, ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, 2 12 pounds Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 2 12 pounds Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored and sliced, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, Egg Wash: 1 egg well beaten with a pinch of salt, Sugar for sprinkling the pie before baking, Equipment: One large, round pizza pan, 12 to 14 inches in diameter, buttered], title: Maidas Big Apple Pie, picturelink: null}, 58616: {instructions: Mix all marinade ingredients together and marinate tomatoes.nMix all marinade ingredients together and marinate onions. Grill onions until soft, serve at room temperature., ingredients: [3 tomatoes, sliced 12inch, 1 teaspoon garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ginger, minced, 1 tablespoon basil, minced, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 12 onion, sliced, 2 ounces mirin, 1 ounces brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ginger, minced], title: Marinated Tomatoes and Grilled Onions, picturelink: null}, 58617: {instructions: For each plate, arrange 8 slices of the octopus in a slightly overlapping fan near the center of the plate, creating a half moon. Spoon on some of the white beans on the inside curve of the octopus. Place the haricots verts next to the rice beans. Scatter the tomato halves around the dish. Place a few slices of marinated leeks on top of the octopus. Season with a touch of black pepper. Drizzle the saffron emulsion around the octopus. Garnish with micro greens on top and serve.nBring water to a simmer and add the saffron. Let simmer until the water amount is reduced by 12. Let cool and add the butter to the saffron mixture. Blend with an immersion blender until the mixture is emulsified. Pass the mixture through a finemesh strainer. Bring the 1cup of water to a simmer, add the vinegar and 14 teaspoon salt. When at a simmer again, poach the eggs for 1 minute. Remove immediately and place directly into a blender. Blend the eggs until they are liquefied. In a clean saucepan, over very low heat, add the saffronbutter mixture and the liquefied eggs. Add the sugar. Heat slowly while emulsifying with an immersion blender. Sauce should be slightly thick but still pourable. Adjust seasoning with salt., ingredients: [16 pieces Japanese Tako octopus, very thinly sliced, 6 tablespoons rice or white navy beans, cooked and seasoned with olive oil, thyme, salt and pepper, 16 to 20 haricots verts, trimmed, cut in half, blanched, and seasoned with olive oil, togarashi, salt and pepper, 5 cherry or pear tomatoes, cut in half, 12 leek, cut into thin rings and briefly marinated in olive oil and sherry vinegar, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 4 tablespoons saffron emulsion, recipe follows, 2 small bundles assorted micro greens, dressed with olive oil and lemon, 12 cup water, 1 pinch saffron, 1 tablespoons butter, 1 cups water, 12 teaspoon white wine vinegar, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 eggs, Pinch of sugar], title: Octopus and Rice Bean Salad Appetizer, picturelink: null}, 58618: {instructions: Remove the yolks from the eggs and place them in a bowl. Mash the yolks with a fork. Add the creme fraiche, chives and lemon juice to the yolks and season very lightly with salt. Mix until the ingredients are well blended.nSpoon the yolk mixture back into the whites and top with a teaspoon of caviar. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nArrange on lettuce leaves, garnish each egg with a small parsley sprig and serve., ingredients: [6 hardcooked eggs, peeled and halved lengthwise, 14 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 3 tablespoons snipped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Small pinch salt, 4 ounces salmon caviar, Lettuce leaves, micro red cabbage or greens, for garnish, Small parsley sprigs, for garnish], title: Eggs Stuffed with Caviar: Yaitsa Farshirovanniye Krasnoy Ikroy, picturelink: bQ6B.6rtGRDWcPB7DKmrn0jKSIMNZRi}, 58619: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9 by 13 by 2inch casserole dish with cooking spray.nIn a large saucepan, brown the ground beef, onions and bell peppers. Add the pork and beans, barbecue sauce, ketchup, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and brown sugar to the mixture. Simmer for 5 minutes. Transfer the mixture to the prepared casserole dish. Sprinkle the bacon over the top of the casserole. Cover the dish with aluminum foil and bake for 45 minutes. Remove the foil and continue to bake for an additional 10 minutes. Let the casserole stand for 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 12 pounds lean ground beef, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bell pepper, cored, seeded, and finely chopped, Two 16ounce cans pork and beans, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 6 to 8 slices bacon, cut into pieces and cooked], title: Baked Bean Casserole, picturelink: 8dRyA77ke0OspO7NALIr8PbSZEo2C.}, 58620: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Grease a 1 12 quart baking dish with butter or cooking spray.nWhisk the eggs, milk, halfandhalf, nutmeg, cayenne, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper together in a large bowl. Fold the greens, meat, bread and 12 cup of the shredded cheese into the mixture. Pour into the prepared baking dish and top with the remaining cheese.nCover with foil and bake for 35 minutes. Uncover and bake until the strata is puffed, golden brown at the edges and set in the center, about 15 minutes more. Let cool 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Butter or nonstick cooking spray, for greasing pan, 6 large eggs, 1 12 cups milk, 12 cup halfandhalf, Pinch of ground nutmeg, Pinch of cayenne pepper, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 handfuls dark, leafy greens such as spinach, arugula or baby kale, chopped about 1 cup packed, 1 cup diced salty deli meat, such as Canadian bacon, ham, or cooked bacon, 8 ounces about 2 12 packed cups leftover bread torn into 1inch pieces, such as English muffins, bagels or sourdough bread, 34 cup shredded mild melting cheese such as Gruyere, provolone or Gouda], title: Grandmas Anything Goes Strata, picturelink: 9mlDdjaiGdwR3rETZZuykVImIF5mlsq}, 58621: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the Caesar dressing: Beat the egg yolks in a large mixing bowl. Add the lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, anchovy and garlic and whisk to combine. Slowly drizzle in the olive oil until the mixture emulsifies. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready for use.nFor the croutons: Cut the baguette on an angle to create thin, oval slices about 14inch thick. On a large baking sheet, arrange the slices evenly. Brush the bread with olive oil and top with the Parmesan and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Bake until the Parmesan is melted and the croutons are golden brown around the edges, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. Store in an airtight container if not using immediately.nFor the salad: Core the romaine and trim the top 12 inch off the leaves. Fan the leaves out on a serving plate or chop into 12inch pieces if you prefer. Sprinkle the Parmesan over the lettuce and drizzle the dressing on top. Top with 2 to 3 croutons per plate and serve., ingredients: [2 eggs, coddled if desired then separated and yolks reserved see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 to 3 dashes Worcestershire sauce, 2 boneless anchovy fillets, minced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup olive oil, canola oil or equivalent light salad oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 French baguette, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 2 large heads romaine lettuce, 13 cup grated Parmesan], title: Caesar Salad with Homemade Dressing, picturelink: NIDFGRuUPQUYUwVA6iB.ZWaid0j9M6}, 58622: {instructions: Combine 1 bunch torn romaine lettuce, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, and 2 cups strawberries, halved, in a large bowl. In a separate small bowl, whisk together 34 cup light mayonnaise, 14 cup skim milk, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon Truviau00ae natural sweetener spoonable, 1 teaspoon vinegar and 1 teaspoon poppy seeds. Drizzle dressing over salad and toss. Sprinkle with 14 cup slivered almonds.nor 8 packets Truviau00ae natural sweetener, ingredients: [], title: Strawberry Romaine Salad and Creamy Poppy Seed Dressing, picturelink: Wx2Tm4398WYTMOtMRLz3KHLVzYFkTJ.}, 58623: {instructions: Set out all of your ingredients so your ice cream doesnt melt too much once you start assembling.nOnce slightly softened, scoop ice cream into a large pie pan and spread into an even layer along the bottom. Evenly place strawberry slices flat over the ice cream, pressing down lightly so they adhere.nPut whipped topping in a bowl. Add pudding and mix thoroughly. Spread puddingtopping mixture into a smooth layer over the strawberries. Evenly place banana slices flat over this layer, and drizzle with chocolate syrup. Sprinkle with nuts and evenly place the cherries on top of the pie. Freeze for about 4 hours or overnight, until completely firm.nAllow the pie to sit at room temperature for 5 minutes before slicing. Cut into 8 slices and enjoy, ingredients: [3 cups light vanilla ice cream, 1 12 cups sliced strawberries, 2 cups fatfree whipped topping, thawed from frozen, One 60calorie sugarfree chocolate pudding snack, 2 bananas, sliced, 2 tablespoons light chocolate syrup, 1 tablespoon crushed dryroasted peanuts, 8 maraschino cherries], title: Banana Split Pie, picturelink: 8NYj9bcgpPcd1LzxbG9Xf.AtfdT0oJm}, 58624: {instructions: Preheat a wood fire or outdoor charcoal grill to medium heat.nIn a Dutch oven, placed on the grill grate or directly on the embers of the fire, heat vegetable oil.nSeason roast with salt and pepper. Rub minced garlic all over surface of roast. When oil is hot, place roast fat side down in Dutch oven. Pour mushrooms over roast and cover. Cook with coals or embers on the lid and a small amount under the oven.nCook until meat shreds easily, about 12 hours, adding coals or wood as necessary to maintain a constant temperature. Shred meat with 2 forks and return to pot. Add barbecue sauce and mix well. Serve openfaced over Dutch Oven Sourdough Biscuits.nPreheat a wood fire or outdoor charcoal grill to medium heat.nIn a mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, sugar and salt. Using a pastry blender or your fingertips, rub shortening into dry ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse meal.nCombine sourdough sponge and milk. Add to the dry ingredients and mix until dough no longer sticks to the side of the bowl.nTurn dough out onto a floured countertop. Flour fingertips and knead about 12 to 15 times. Roll out dough with a rolling pin to a 12 to 34inch thickness. Using a 3inch round biscuit cutter or an empty can or glass, cut biscuits and place in a large Dutch oven with sides touching. Bake with coals on the lid and a small amount under the oven until biscuits are puffed and golden, about 15 to 20 minutes.nMix flour and water used to cook potatoes in. Let mixture stand in a warm place covered with a dish towel for 3 days, or until bubbly and sour smelling. This is your starter. Use as directed in recipe., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 10pound bottom round roast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 4ounce can mushrooms, 12 cup of your favorite barbecue sauce, Dutch Oven Sourdough Biscuits, recipe follows, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus additional for kneading, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup shortening, 1 12 cups Sourdough Sponge, recipe follows, 12 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup water, used to cook potatoes in], title: OpenFaced BBQ Beef Sandwich, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 58625: {instructions: Special equipment: a spice grinder a foilwrapped bricknPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine the garlic powder, pimenton, rosemary and lemon zest in a small bowl. Toast the coriander and cumin seeds in a small pan until fragrant, about 5 minutes. Combine the toasted seeds with the other spices and grind in a spice grinder.nSeason the game hen with salt and crushed red pepper.nHeat the olive oil in a castiron skillet over high heat. Sear the hen, skinside down, adjusting the heat as necessary. Place the brick on top of the hen and cook until evenly browned. Remove the brick and flip the hen. Rub some of the spice mixture onto the skin side. Flip the hen over and rub some of the spice mixture onto the back side. Roast in the oven, skinside down, for 15 minutes. Flip the hen skinside up and continue to roast until the skin is crispy and the internal temperature is 165 degrees F, about 15 minutes more. Let rest.nServe drizzled with olive oil, with Mashed Potatoes on the side.nPlace the potatoes and garlic in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and heavily season the cooking water with salt. Turn down the heat and simmer until the potatoes are fork tender drain. Pass the potatoes through a food mill into a bowl.nMeanwhile, bring the cream to a simmer in a small saucepan. Add 14 cup of the heated cream and the cold butter to the potatoes and stir vigorously. Add more cream and butter as needed. Season with salt., ingredients: [1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon pimenton, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, leaves chopped, Zest of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon cumin seeds, 1 Cornish game hen, spatchcocked, Kosher salt, Crushed red pepper, 14 cup olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, 3 Yukon Gold potatoes, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 1 23 cups heavy cream, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons cold butter, plus more as needed], title: Spatchcocked Cornish Hen with Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: Ncu0CIoNexFp8FrTgQpkkPuBpnnD.56}, 58626: {instructions: In a 12inch skillet, heat 1 quart of olive oil until it reaches 375 degrees F.nSeason the eggplant cubes with salt and pepper, and then dredge them in flour. When the oil is at the right temperature, add the eggplant and fry until golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside to drain on paper towels.nCook the pasta in a large pot of boiling, salted water until al dente.nHeat 14 cup olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and suate for 1 minute. Then add the anchovy fillets, cherry tomatoes, black olives, capers, and basil, and saute for 2 minutes.nOnce the pasta is cooked, immediately drain it, and add it to the saucepan. Toss pasta with tomato mixture, and let flavors combine for 2 minutes.nTo plate, divide the pasta among 2 plates, and spoon the extra sauce on top. Leave room on the side of each plate for the starshaped tomatoes, and then spoon the eggplant on top of the tomato stars., ingredients: [1 quart plus 14 cup olive oil, 12 eggplant, peeled and cubed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Flour, for dredging, 4 ounces spinach pasta, 1 teaspoon finely sliced garlic, 2 anchovy fillets, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in 12, 14 cup whole black olives, 1 tablespoon capers, 4 sprigs fresh basil, leaves only, 1 red tomato, cut in 12], title: Spinach Torelli with Cherry Tomatoes and Black Olives, picturelink: null}, 58627: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the celery root and potatoes in a medium saucepan and cover with cold water add a teaspoon of salt. Bring to boil over medium heat and simmer for 15 to 20 minutes, until the celery root and potatoes are very tender. Drain the water from the vegetables and pass them through a food mill or a ricer into a large mixing bowl. Stir in the cream, butter, and horseradish until the cream is absorbed and the mixture is smooth. Season with kosher salt and pepper and garnish with chopped chives. Drizzle with a healthy dose of olive oil and serve., ingredients: [2 celery roots about 1 12 pounds each, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 3 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch cubes, 1 teaspoon salt, plus kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, for seasoning, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon grated fresh or prepared horseradish, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Celery Root and Potato Mash with Horseradish, picturelink: JcE.5d.z7obDD2xKeBuHKDgH94scl8i}, 58628: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the first 8 ingredients. Stir well with a whisk and set aside. In a medium nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray, cook chicken over medium heat until browned, about 2 minutes. Remove chicken from the pan.nPour the rice vinegar mixture into the pan and bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Cook the mixture until it thickens to a syrup, about 6 minutes. Return the chicken to the pan and cook until chicken is fully cooked through, about 1 minute.nPosition an oven rack at the bottom of the oven and preheat to 500 degrees F.nSprinkle the cheeses over the pizza crust, leaving a 1inch border, and top with the chicken. Bake for 12 minutes on the bottom rack of the oven. Remove from the oven and sprinkle with green onions. Place pizza on a cutting board and let stand for 5 minutes before serving.nIn a small pot, warm the water to 100 to 110 degrees F. In a large bowl, dissolve sugar and yeast in warm water and let stand for 5 minutes.nLightly spoon flour into dry measuring cups and level with a knife. Add flour, cornmeal, oil and salt to yeast mixture stir until soft dough forms. Turn dough out onto a floured surface and knead until even, about 5 minutes. Add bread flour as needed to prevent dough from sticking to hands. Place dough in a large bowl coated with cooking spray and turn to coat.nCover and let rise in warm place about 85 degrees F free from drafts until doubled in size, about 45 minutes. Gently press 2 fingers into dough if indentation remains, dough has risen enough. Punch dough down into the shape of a ball.nLightly respray bowl place dough in bowl, turning to coat again. Cover let the dough rise again in a warm place about 85 degrees F free from drafts for another 30 minutes.nPlace the dough on a lightly floured surface and roll out to a 12inch crust. Top the dough according to pizza instructions., ingredients: [34 cup rice vinegar, 14 cup packed brown sugar, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons chunky peanut butter, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 cloves garlic, minced, Cooking spray, 12 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into small cubes, 12 cup 2 ounces Swiss cheese, shredded, 14 cup 1 ounce mozzarella cheese, shredded, 1 12inch pizza crust, recipe follows, 3 stalks green onions, chopped, 23 cup water, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 package 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast, 1 12 cups bread flour, plus more as needed, 1 12 tablespoons cornmeal, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon fine salt, Cooking spray], title: Malaysian Chicken Pizza, picturelink: null}, 58629: {instructions: Pierce the potatoes a few times with a fork, then microwave until soft, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, pierce both sides of the steak with a fork. Mix the mustard and herbes de Provence in a bowl and rub all over the steak.nHeat a large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add 1 tablespoon butter as soon as it melts, add the steak and sear on one side until browned, about 7 minutes. Turn and brown the other side, about 4 more minutes for mediumrare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board, season with salt and pepper, and top with 1 tablespoon butter. Let rest at least 5 minutes.nReturn the skillet to mediumhigh heat. Add the potatoes and turn to coat on all sides with the pan juices. Cook until the skins are slightly crisp, about 3 minutes.nMix the remaining 3 tablespoons butter with the chives and season with salt. Thinly slice the steak on the bias. Serve with the potatoes, chive butter and mustard.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 small russet potatoes, scrubbed, 1 12 pounds sirloin steak 12 inch thick, 2 tablespoons spicy mustard, plus more for serving, 2 teaspoons crumbled herbes de Provence, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or scallion greens], title: HerbandMustard Sirloin With Baked Potatoes, picturelink: cWwIoy37ih8MyQNtyeJDekTencuuU6}, 58630: {instructions: Peel the mangoes, cut up the flesh in large chunks and set aside. Heat the halfandhalf with the sugar in a small saucepan over medium heat and cook, stirring once in a while, until the sugar is dissolved. Add the vanilla, set aside and cool.nOnce the halfandhalf has cooled, put in a blender with the mango and salt and blend until smooth. Strain and process in your ice cream machine following the manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [1 pound ripe mangoes about 3 medium, 2 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Mango Ice Cream: Helado de Mango, picturelink: null}, 58631: {instructions: Special equipment: fondue potnHeat cream in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat until bubbles appear remove from heat. Add white morsels and whisk until melted and smooth. Stir in jam and liqueur. Transfer mixture to a fondue pot. To keep fondue warm at the table for an extended period of time, place over a candle or canned heat burner. If eating immediately, serve in a decorative gravy boat. Serve with Meringue Cloud Hearts for dipping.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F. Line 2 heavy large baking sheets with parchment paper.nPlace egg whites in clean bowl of an electric mixer. Beat on medium speed until foamy. Add cream of tartar and increase speed to high. Continue beating until soft peaks form. Mix in salt. Gradually add sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until stiff peaks form, about 5 minutes. Quickly mix in food coloring, 1 drop at a time, until desired color is achieved.nTransfer meringue to a pastry bag fitted with the star tip. Pipe 2inchdiameter heartshape meringues onto prepared baking sheets, spacing evenly apart. Bake for 1 hour, or until dry and crispy when broken in half. Cool meringues completely on baking sheets. Store in airtight container at room temperature., ingredients: [34 cup heavy cream, 1 12ounce bag premier white morsels, 23 cup seedless raspberry jam, 14 cup white chocolate liqueur, Meringue Cloud Hearts, recipe follows, 2 egg whites, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch salt, 12 cup sugar, Red and yellow food coloring], title: Raspberry Fondue with Meringue Cloud Hearts, picturelink: XPriCbcpDH3Fe0QugWLBVcTX.J6uKi}, 58632: {instructions: Pour the oil into a large pot, to a depth of 2 to 3 inches, and heat to 375 degrees. Test by dropping in a piece of tortilla. If it bubbles immediately and rises to the surface, the oil is ready.nFry the wedges a handful at a time, stirring to separate, until very lightly browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove with a strainer or slotted spoon, shaking off excess oil, and transfer to paper towels to drain. Sprinkle with salt while still warm, and continue frying in batches., ingredients: [Vegetable oil for deep frying, 12 large corn tortillas recipe below, or use store bought, cut into 6 wedges each, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Fried Tortilla Chips, picturelink: null}, 58633: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a saucepan. Meanwhile, peel the lemon, leaving the bitter white pith on the lemon and only removing the yellow peel.nAdd the lemon peel and mint leaves to the boiling water, stir once and boil for 1 minute. Strain tea into teacups and serve hot, passing sugar if desired., ingredients: [1 12 quarts water, 1 lemon, 1 small bunch fresh mint, leaves only], title: Mint and Lemon Tea, picturelink: null}, 58634: {instructions: SAUCE: In a heavy bottom saucepan over lowmedium heat, melt the butter. Add the shallots and lightly sweat. Add the flour, stirring in with a wooden spoon, lightly browning for 5 minutes. Add the scalded milk and stir constantly with a wire whisk. Add the mascarpone cheese and fava beans. Season with kosher salt and white pepper to taste. Remove from heat and reserve.nCRUST: Mix the panko, Parmesan cheese and parsley in a stainless steel mixing bowl. Moisten with truffle oil. Season lightly with kosher salt and white pepper.nIn each of the cassoulet dishes, slice 12 of a lobster, arranging it in a circular pattern in the center of each dish. Reserve claws. Layer slices of summer truffles on top of the lobster. Add the macaroni to the sauce base, adjust the seasoning with salt and white pepper. Cover the lobster with the macaroni and sauce, dividing it evenly between the 4 dishes, filling up to the top. Place lobster claw in the center of each dish. Cover with the breadcrumb topping. Place in a preheated oven at 350 degrees until the top is golden brown and the cassoulet is hot all the way through about 15 minutes. Serve with Louis Roderer LErmitage cuvee and enjoy, ingredients: [2 ounces butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 2 ounces allpurpose flour, 1 quart milk, scalded, 12 ounces mascarpone cheese, 8 ounces fava beans, blanched, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 ounces panko, Japanese bread crumbs, 3 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated fine, 1ounce white truffle oil, 2 1 34 pound Maine lobsters, blanched and shelled, 1ounce summer truffles, sliced thin, 1 pound macaroni pasta, cooked al dente, 2 tablespoons Italian parsley, chopped fine], title: Macaroni and Cheese with Lobster and Summer Truffles, picturelink: null}, 58635: {instructions: Season the pork chops all over with salt and pepper. Pulse the bread in a food processor to make coarse crumbs you should have about 3 cups. Transfer the breadcrumbs to a shallow baking dish and toss with the cheese, parsley and rosemary. Whisk the eggs in a shallow bowl. Put the flour in another shallow bowl. Dredge each chop in the flour, then dip in the beaten eggs and coat in the breadcrumb mixture, pressing so the coating sticks.nHeat 14 inch olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, cook the pork chops until golden brown and cooked through, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain.nToss the arugula and tomatoes in a bowl with 1 tablespoon olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste. Divide the pork chops among plates and season with salt. Serve with the arugula salad and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [8 14inchthick boneless pork chops 1 14 to 1 12 pounds total, trimmed of excess fat, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 thick slices white sandwich bread, 3 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary, 3 large eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for frying, 5 cups baby arugula, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Pork Milanese, picturelink: b7NtpyanVXCzFrAGH.4H993xUCIOi}, 58636: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or foil.nStir together the prepared fruit, 12 cup sugar, flour, and spices andor seasonings in a large bowl until combined.nOn a wellfloured surface, using a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out the dough into a large circle, about 12 to 14 inches. Make sure the rolled dough is chilled. Spoon the fruit mixture onto the center of the dough leaving a 1inch border. Fold the edges of the dough over the fruit, pleating the dough, then dot the fruit filling with the butter pieces. Lightly brush the dough with egg wash and sprinkle with 2 teaspoons sugar.nBake the pie until the crust is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Cover the crust with foil if the crust browns too quickly. Cool.nServe the warm galette with ice cream.nCooks Note: The same recipe can be made in individual serving sizes.nTo make pie dough:nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a mixing bowl, mix together the flour and the salt cut or work the butter into the flour with your fingers or a pastry blender until you have large pea sized chunks scattered throughout. Alternatively, pulse the dough in a food processor, or mix in a stand mixer with the paddle attachment on low speed.nAdd the ice water slowly while stirring with a fork, or in the food processor or mixer, until just combined. Be careful not to overwork the dough. Divide the dough into 2 disks, flatten and refrigerate each for at least 15 minutes.nRoll out one chilled pie dough to fit a 9inch pie plate. Reserve the second pie dough disc for another use. Transfer dough to pie plate, pressing the dough lightly into the plate trim the edges. Dock the dough with the prongs of a fork evenly over the bottom of the pie plate. Line the docked dough with aluminum foil and fill with pie weights or dried beans.nBake the pie crust until the edges are brown and golden, about 15 minutes Remove from the oven and remove the weights. Return crust to the oven to finish baking for another 5 minutes.nRustic PieGalette Variations:nAlmond Apricot: Season the sliced apricots with almond paste or extract.nSpicedApple Pear: Season the sliced apples and pears with cinnamon, nutmeg, and brown sugar.nAllBerry: Fill the baked crust with pastry cream and top with sweetened berries.nCaramelized Onion and Walnut: Caramelize 4 Spanish onions let cool. Top the dough with grated Gruyere cheese and spread the onions and toasted walnuts over the cheese., ingredients: [1 recipe Perfect Pie Dough 1 disk, recipe follows, 1 pound 3 cups fresh fruit pitted, sliced, and peeled, if necessary recommended: cherries, berries, peaches, plums, apricots, pears, apples, rhubarb, 12 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, Spices and seasonings, to taste recommended: zest, citrus juice, pure extracts, cinnamon, nutmeg, cardamom, fresh herbs, etc., 1 tablespoon cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons sugar recommended: turbinado sugar, 1 12 cups flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, chilled or frozen, 4 to 6 tablespoons ice cold water], title: Rustic PiesGalettes, picturelink: null}, 58637: {instructions: For the rub: In a small bowl, stir together the rub ingredients, making sure to smooth out any brown sugar nuggets. Then, pour half the mixture over 1 side of the flank steak and massage into the meat. Turn the steak over and pour the other half over the meat and massage in. Set aside on the counter up to 2 hours to marinate. You could also marinate the meat overnight in the fridge.nFor the compote: Heat the olive oil in a very large skillet over medium heat. Once the oil is shimmering not smoking, add the onions, a pinch of salt, and stir to coat with oil. Cover and reduce the heat to low. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions turn a deep caramel color, about 45 minutes.nWarm your grill or grill pan over medium heat.nWhen the onions are caramelized, add the dates, vinegar, and water. Stir and cook, covered, for another 15 minutes.nFold a paper towel in 4, pour a little vegetable or canola oil onto it, and wipe down your grill pan.nOnce the grill pan is nice and hot oil lightly smoking, throw your rubbeddown meat on. It should sizzle upon contact  if it doesnt, your pan wasnt hot enough. This is how you ensure a nice crust on the steak After 5 minutes on 1 side, flip the steak over, and cook another 4 to 5. Check the temperature I like my flank steak done mediumrare, so I pull it off as soon as the thermometer register 125 degrees F. Pull onto a chopping board, and tent with foil allow your meat to rest for 5 minutes.nSlice the steak thinly against the grain on the bias if you dont, your precious steak wont be incredibly tender and deeply unsatisfying Serve with a dollop of onion compote on top., ingredients: [2 tablespoons chile powder, 1 tablespoon ground coffee, 1 12 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 teaspoon coriander powder, 12 teaspoon coarse ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon garam masala, 1 2pound flank steak, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 large onions, sliced very thinly, Kosher salt, 4 dates, pitted and minced, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 cup water, Vegetable or canola oil, for greasing], title: GiddyUp Steak with OnionDate Compote, picturelink: n99ihsXM4LstgCIFyc8qrRTZ0cv8NK}, 58638: {instructions: Combine broth and tomatoes in a medium saucepan over moderate heat. When soup bubbles, stir in heavy cream and reduce heat to low. Season with a little salt and pepper and simmer gently 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. With an immersion blender, puree soup. Serve bowls of soup with basil chiffonade and floating Soup Toppers.nToast bread slices in your toaster until golden. Rub the toasted bread rounds with crushed garlic, if using. Arrange bread on cookie or baking sheet. Drizzle each slice with extravirgin oil and top with a grind of black pepper and a layer of shredded cheese. Place under hot broiler to melt cheese until toppers are golden brown in color., ingredients: [Two 15ounce containers, chicken or vegetable stockbroth preferred brand: Kitchen Basics, One 28ounce can concentrated crushed tomatoes, 1 cup heavy cream, Coarse salt and black pepper, 20 leaves fresh basil, cut into chiffonade, for garnish, Soup Toppers, for garnish, recipe follows, 4 slices crusty bread, 4 inches across, 14inch thickslice artisan breads at counter in market, 2 cloves cracked fresh garlic, optional, Extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound shredded cheese to compliment your soup: provolone, Asiago, Cheddar, Gruyere, Swiss, etc.], title: Quick Creamy Tomato Soup, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 58639: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFry the pancetta slices in a large skillet over high heat until crispy. Remove from the pan and set aside.nIn a large bowl combine the chicken, radicchio, mayonnaise, curry powder, lime juice, honey, and ginger. Stir to combine.nSlice the rolls in half. Spoon the chicken mixture onto the bottom halves of the rolls. Cover with the crispy pancetta and the top of the rolls. Serve., ingredients: [8 ounces thinly sliced pancetta, about 8 slices, 3 12 to 4 cups diced roasted chicken from 1 2pound storebought roasted, 1 12 cups shredded radicchio, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 12 teaspoons freshly minced ginger, 4 ciabatta rolls], title: Curried Chicken Sandwich with Radicchio and Pancetta, picturelink: 7Zz9GSVE4o16ip.oq9H35ujSsJZg3lW}, 58640: {instructions: Spaghetti, cooked and drained kidney beans grated Cheddar chopped white onion and oyster crackers as traditional accompaniments for cincinnati FiveWay chilinIn a large heavy pot heat the oil over moderate heat and cook the onions and garlic until softened. Add the ground beef, stirring, until the beef is no longer pink. Drain off any excess fat and discard. Add the chili powder, paprika, cumin, allspice, cinnamon, cloves, coriander, salt and pepper, to taste, stirring to combine and cook for 1 minute. Add the bay leaf, red wine vinegar, molasses, tomato sauce and water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer chili, covered for 1 12 hours, adding additional water, if necessary, to achieve a thick and soupy consistency. Discard bay leaf and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve the chili over cooked spaghetti with the traditional accompaniments., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 medium onions, chopped, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, 4 tablespoons commercial chili powder, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 12 cups water], title: CincinnatiStyle Chili, picturelink: null}, 58641: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the potatoes in a large pot and add salted water to cover. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until tender when pierced with a knife, about 20 to 30 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let cool slightly.nMeanwhile, preheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Add the corn to the grill and cook, turning occasionally, until evenly browned on all sides, about 10 minutes.nPut the potatoes in a large serving bowl. Using a sharp knife, carefully cut the kernels off the cobs and add them to the bowl. Add the poblano chiles, scallions, sour cream, mayonnaise, and cilantro, and fold together. Season the potato salad, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds baby red or new potatoes, cut into 12 to 1inch pieces, 3 ears fresh corn, husks and silks removed, 2 poblano chiles, charred, peeled, stemmed, seeded, and chopped see Cooks Note, 1 cup chopped scallions white and pale green parts only, 12 cup sour cream, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Poblano Potato Salad, picturelink: pf9iMh3hAyIAbambf2oCd4NiNBa1P6y}, 58642: {instructions: Special equipment: Bowl Plastic wrap Plastic dough scraper l0inch castiron skillet Rolling pin Spatula optionalnMorning: Combine the flours, water, oil, and salt in a bowl until they come together into a mass. Cover and let sit at room temperature for 20 to 30 minutes while the flour absorbs the water.nTransfer the dough to a lightly floured work surface and knead for about 5 minutes by pushing down on and spreading the dough and then folding it over on itself. It should be smooth and elastic. Form it into a ball and place it in a clean, oiled bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and let the dough rest for 4 to 8 hours.nAfternoon or Evening:nAbout 45 minutes before you want to bake, spread out the dough on a lightly floured counter, cut the dough in half with a dough scraper, and roll it into 2 logs. Cut each log into 6 pieces. You should have 12 pieces of dough that weigh about 55 grams each evenly distribute any leftover dough.nShape each piece into a ball. Let the balls rest for 30 minutes at room temperature under plastic wrap.nPlace a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat and let it heat up for several minutes.nMeanwhile, liberally flour a work surface. Flatten a dough ball and dust it lightly with flour, then use a floured rolling pin to roll it out as thin as possible 7 to 9 inches in diameter, rotating the disk to keep it even. If it resists, let it rest for a few minutes and continue rolling again. Cover the disk with a towel. Repeat with the remaining dough.nWhen the skillet starts smoking, gently lift a disk of dough. Place it in the skillet, cook it for about 30 seconds, and then turn it over with your fingers or a spatula for another 30 seconds. Remove the skillet from the flame and, holding the flatbread by its edge, put it directly on the fire. Keep moving it in a circle so that it doesnt burn, then turn over and repeat. The bread should be blistered and dark in spots.nRemove the flatbread and cover it with a towel or aluminum foil to keep it from forming a crust. Dot it with butter and fold it in half if you like. Repeat with the remaining disks of dough.nServe warm. These can be made in advance and stored in a resealable plastic container on the counter for a couple of days. But they are best eaten fresh., ingredients: [200 grams wholewheat flour, plus more for the work surface, 200 grams emmer wheat flour if unavailable, use whole wheat, 265 grams water, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil, plus more for the bowl, 7 grams salt], title: Emmer Flatbread, picturelink: null}, 58643: {instructions: Whisk in the cola, apple cider vinegar, brown sugar, and chipotle pepper. Salt and pepper to taste.nBring to a boil and then reduce the heat to mediumlow until a thicker syrup is formed about 15 minutes.nRemove from heat and place in the refrigerator for one hour the mixture will thicken in the refrigerator.nBake Original Meatballs according to package directions. Remove from the oven and toss with glaze.nReturn to the oven for an additional 5 minutes.nServe warm., ingredients: [1 28ounce bag of Farm Rich Original Meatballs, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 cups cola, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 teaspoon ground chipotle pepper, Kosher salt and pepper, In a medium saucepan, melt butter.], title: Smoky ColaGlazedMeatballs, picturelink: ORSvN7PBVL7rKoFWMocpP5zMWWGyZi}, 58644: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. Butter a 9 x 5 x 3 inch Pyrex loaf pan.nCombine the milk and cornmeal in a medium stainless or enamel saucepan. Cook over moderate heat, whisking constantly, until mixture comes to a boil. Reduce heat to low and continue stirring until it is as thick as oatmeal.nAdd the sugar, brown sugar, molasses, salt, butter, cloves and 2 cups of the half and half. Stir to combine. Bring the mixture back to a boil and transfer to the prepared loaf pan.nPlace inside a larger pan and pour in boiling water until it rises halfway up the sides of the loaf pan. Bake for 1 hour, stirring once after the first half hour.nPress the grated ginger against a fine sieve or squeeze it in a square of cheesecloth to extract 1 or 2 tablespoons of juice. After the pudding has baked for 1 hour, add the ginger juice and the remaining cup of half and half and stir to mix. Bake for an additional hour, stirring again after half an hour. Serve immediately in small bowls or cups, or store in the refrigerator and reheat, stirring, over low heat., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 12 cup yellow cornmeal, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup brown sugar, firmly packed, 12 cup molasses, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoons ground cloves, 3 cups half and half, One 3inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated], title: Indian Pudding, picturelink: null}, 58645: {instructions: Heat the oil in a very large pot. Add the peppers, and allow to sweat for 2 to 3 minutes. Add jalapenos, and salt to taste. Cook over mediumhigh heat for about 20 minutes, or until the peppers have softened and are partially tender. There will still be some liquid left in the pot.nAdd the tomatoes and the basil leaves. Lower the heat and continue to cook for about 30 minutes, until the peppers are tender. Add additional salt, if needed. Remove from the heat.nIf canning, add the vinegar, place in canning jars, and process according to the manufacturers instructions. Or, store in the refrigerator for up to 4 days., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 7 green peppers, halved, seeded, and cut into 1inch square pieces, 1 pound jalapenos, sliced 18inchthick, Gray salt, 3 12 pounds 56 ounces crushed tomatoes or 7 cups fresh tomato concasse peeled, seeded and diced tomatoes, Small bunch basil leaves, 14 cup red wine vinegar], title: Damn Hot Peppers, picturelink: null}, 58646: {instructions: Dredge veal in flour. Saute veal in oil for 2 minutes on each side. When done, drain oil, add butter, roux and sherry. Bring to a boil lower heat and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring constantly.nAt this point, layer 2 mozzarella slices on each piece of veal. Put pan under broiler to melt cheese.nServe 3 pieces of veal on each plate, spoon sauce over all.nIn mixing bowl, add flour to water while whisking. Mixture must be smooth, with no lumps. Bring chicken broth to a boil. When boiling, whisk in flour mixture, again making sure there are no lumps. Allow to cool, then store, covered, in the refrigerator, until needed., ingredients: [12 2ounce medallions milkfed veal, pounded thin, 2 cups flour, 2 cups vegetable oil, 12 pound butter, 2 tablespoons roux, recipe follows, 14 cup sherry, 24 slices mozzarella, sliced thin, 16 ounces chicken broth, 6 rounded tablespoons flour, 4 ounces water], title: Veal Mozzarella, picturelink: null}, 58647: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nChicken: Season the chicken on all sides with salt and pepper, to taste, and put in a 1gallon size resealable plastic bag. In a small bowl, whisk together the buttermilk, curry powder and cayenne pepper until smooth. Pour the buttermilk mixture over the chicken and seal the bag. Refrigerate for 3 hours.nBreading: In a medium bowl, mix together the flour, bread crumbs, paprika, salt, and pepper.nIn a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour in enough oil to fill the pan about 13 of the way. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 325 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 2 minutes. Remove the chicken from the marinade, allowing any excess to drip off, and dredge in the flour mixture. Fry, 2 to 3 pieces at a time, until golden and cooked through, about 6 to 7 minutes, depending on the size of the drumettes. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nArrange the chicken on a platter and serve., ingredients: [12 114 pounds chicken drumettes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup plain bread crumbs, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Kosher salt, for seasoning], title: Spicy Fried Chicken Drumettes, picturelink: rqKBH5PsS6CdrcO8xNBhqJf1NsnqQC}, 58648: {instructions: Oil grill or saute pan on mediumhigh heat.nSeason polenta with salt and pepper. Arrange polenta rounds in pan. Cook 7 to 10 minutes, turning once, until polenta rounds are golden brown and heated through.nSprinkle with fresh herbs and serve., ingredients: [Olive oil cooking spray, 16ounce tube prepared polenta, sliced into 12inch thick rounds, Salt and ground black pepper, 12 cup minced fresh herbs], title: HerbCrusted Polenta Rounds, picturelink: null}, 58649: {instructions: Fry the bacon in a large saucepan over medium heat until brown and crisp. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and reserve. Stir the onion into the bacon drippings and cook until the onion is soft and translucent, about 5 minutes. Puree 1 cup of corn with 1 cup of milk in a blender. Pour the mixture into the pan and add the remaining milk and corn along with the potatoes and 1 teaspoon of salt. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook 10 to 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are forktender. Stir in the cream and the green chile. Add salt and pepper, to taste. Ladle the chowder into bowls, garnish with chives and the reserved bacon, and serve., ingredients: [3 slices bacon, chopped, 1 large onion, minced, 3 cups fresh corn kernels, scraped from the cob, or frozen, 3 cups whole milk, 1 pound baking potatoes, peeled and diced, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 cup roasted, peeled and chopped mild green New Mexican, Anaheim, or Poblano chiles Fresh ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh chives, minced], title: Corn and Green Chile Chowder, picturelink: hciiqpSDafDfL7GLnu105XxXW7Lgzrm}, 58650: {instructions: Sprinkle the steak with the chili powder, 12 teaspoon of the salt and cumin. Spray a large nonstick skillet with cooking spray and set over high heat. Add the steak and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Turn the steak and cook about 5 minutes longer for mediumrare. Transfer the steak to a cutting board. Let stand 5 minutes. Cut the steak diagonally across the grain into paperthin slices.nMeanwhile, combine the black beans, cilantro, lime juice, oil, tomatoes, garlic, jalapeno and the remaining 14 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and toss to coat well. Evenly divide the steak slices among the tacos. Top each taco evenly with the tomato mixture.nPer Serving: 335 Cal 25 g Protein 12 g Tot Fat 3 g Sat Fat 5 g Mono Fat 33 g Carb 7 g Fiber 4 g Sugar 115 mg Calcium 4 mg Iron 512 mg Sodium 29 mg Cholesterol, ingredients: [12 ounces flank steak, trimmed, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 34 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, Cooking spray, for greasing the pan, 1 cup canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 2 medium tomatoes, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 8 corn taco shells, warmed], title: Steak Tacos with Black Bean Pico de Gallo, picturelink: null}, 58651: {instructions: 2 oranges, skinned and broken into sectionsnMake the dressing: In a bowl, combine the white wine vinegar, lemon juice, honey and mustard. Whisk to blend. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Slowly whisk in the olive oil and the vegetable oil. Stir in the pickle slices and taste for seasoning. Set aside.nCook the shrimp: Heat a large skillet, over medium heat, and add the vegetable oil. Season the shrimp on both sides with salt and pepper, to taste. When the oil begins to smoke lightly, add the shrimp, in a single layer. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes and then turn them on the other side. Cook for an additional 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the shrimp, and a little bit of the oil from the pan, to a bowl. Drizzle them with some of the dressing and set aside.nCook the ramps: In a large skillet, add the olive oil and the ramps and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook over high heat for 30 seconds, stirring constantly, to wilt the ramps. Cook for an additional minute and then transfer them to a bowl.nArrange the ramps on 4 plates and drizzle with remaining dressing. Or, alternatively, on a large serving platter. Top each serving with some shrimp and sections of orange. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 mediumsize dill pickles, ends trimmed, halved lengthwise and cut into thin slices, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 U10 shrimp, 1 to 1 14 pounds, shelled and deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 24 spring ramps or substitute scallions, ends trimmed, washed and dried], title: Seared Shrimp Salad with Sauteed Ramps and Pickle Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58652: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nPut the pecan halves on a baking sheet in a single layer and bake, shaking the sheet once halfway through, until lightly toasted, 5 to 6 minutes. Transfer the nuts to a plate to cool.nLine the baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Arrange the pretzels neatly on the baking sheet, then top each pretzel with an unwrapped caramel. Bake until the caramels soften but are definitely not melting, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven and gently press a pecan half onto each caramel, just enough for the caramel to fill the pretzel. Set aside to cool completely.nRemove the cooled pretzelcaramels from the baking sheet. Spoon 24 small dollops 1 12teaspoon helpings of the melted chocolate all over the baking sheet, then lightly drop a pretzel onto the middle of each dollop, making sure the pretzel is centered. Allow them to cool completely before serving you can hasten this along in the fridge., ingredients: [24 pecan halves, 24 mini pretzel twists, 24 individually wrapped soft caramel squares, unwrapped, 8 ounces goodquality milk chocolate, melted], title: Pretzel Turtles, picturelink: DL8kbR9I0paCb2JTjqLnqnPNV0kTMi2}, 58653: {instructions: Put the eggs in a large saucepan and pour in enough cold water to cover by 1inch. Bring to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat, cover, and set aside for 15 minutes. Transfer the eggs to a bowl of half ice and half water. Cool completely, then peel under cold running water. Cut the eggs in half lengthwise and remove the yolks. Keep the halves of the whites intact. Place the yolks in a strainer set over a large bowl and force through with the back of a large spoon. Add the mayonnaise and stir until smooth. Combine the tuna, anchovies, capers, lemon juice, and olive oil in a food processor. Process until smooth and creamy. Stir into the yolks and season with salt and pepper. Mound a heaping spoonful of the yolk mixture into the cavity of the whites. Garnish with a celery leaf and an olive. Keep chilled until ready to serve., ingredients: [6 large eggs, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 3.5ounce can tuna Italian tuna packed in oil for more flavor, American tuna packed in water for fewer calories, drained, 5 anchovy fillets, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon drained bottled capers, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Celery leaves and Nicoise olives, for garnish], title: TonnatoStuffed Eggs, picturelink: null}, 58654: {instructions: In a large stockpot, cover the eggs with water so they are completely submerged and bring to a boil on the stovetop. Turn off the heat, cover and let the eggs cook in the water for 20 minutes. Pour the hot water off the eggs and replace with cold water. Let the eggs sit for 5 minutes. Crack and peel the eggs, place them in a plastic bag and refrigerate until cold, at least 3 hours or overnight.nUsing an egg slicer or a knife, finely chop the boiled eggs. Add to a large bowl. Add the mayonnaise, chives, mustard, salt and pepper and mix until blended. Spread the egg mixture on the bread and make sandwiches. Cut each sandwich into 3 wedges., ingredients: [1 dozen large eggs, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 slices white country bread], title: Mini Egg Salad Sandwiches, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 58655: {instructions: Place the eggplant directly over a grill or gas flame and roast, turning frequently, until skin is charred and eggplant is soft. Transfer eggplant to a cutting board to cool briefly. With wet hands, peel off all the black skin, then carefully open the eggplant and remove the seeds. Place eggplant in a bowl, cover with water and stir in the lemon juice. Let stand 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, roast the peppers over the grill or flame, turning so the skin is evenly charred. Transfer charred peppers to a plastic bag, tie the top closed and let steam until cool to the touch, about 15 minutes. Peel off the charred skin by hand. Cut away stems, seeds and veins, and finely chop.nRoast the onion over the grill or flame until charred. Let cool, peel away charred skin, cut away stem, and finely chop.nRemove the eggplant from the water and squeeze dry. Pound eggplant, peppers, onion, garlic and salt to a paste in a mortar. Add olive oil, walnuts, yogurt and vinegar. Adjust seasonings and let stand at room temperature for a few hours., ingredients: [1 large eggplant, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 jalapeno peppers, 1 green bell pepper, 1 red onion, quartered with stem intact, 4 garlic cloves, minced, Salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup ground walnuts, 13 cup thick drained yogurt, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Smoked Eggplant Salad, picturelink: null}, 58656: {instructions: Place sweet potatoes in a 2quart microwavesafe casserole dish. Add 14 cup of water. Cover and microwave on high power for 3 minutes. Stir contents and rotate dish 180 degrees if your microwave does not have a built in turn table. Cook on high power for another 1 12 minutes. Set aside.nHeat a 12inch heavy nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the canola oil and butter. Once the butter has stopped foaming, add the garlic, cumin, and chili powder and cook until the garlic is fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the onion, beets, bell pepper, and celery. Cook for 2 minutes, or until crisp tender. Add the sweet potatoes and turkey and stir until well mixed. Cook until heated through, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Top with shredded cheese and keep warm.nPoach the eggs: Fill a 12inch nonstick saute pan with 1 12 inches of water. Add the vinegar and bring to a simmer. Reduce heat until the bubbles just stop. Crack each egg into a small ramekin and then pour the eggs into the water. Gently simmer until the egg whites have set and turned opaque, about 2 to 3 minutes.nDivide the flannel evenly among 4 plates. Top each plate with a poached egg and serve with hot sauce., ingredients: [1 large sweet potato about 34 pound, scrubbed but not peeled, cut into medium dice, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 2 teaspoons butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 12 medium yellow onion, thinly sliced about 4 ounces, 1 14ounce can matchstick cut beets, drained, 1 medium green bell pepper, diced about 5 ounces, 2 stalks celery, chopped about 12 cup, 1 12 cups shredded leftover skinless turkey thigh or leg meat, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup shredded lowfat sharp Cheddar, 4 whole large eggs, 1 tablespoon white vinegar], title: Turkey Flannel Hash, picturelink: null}, 58657: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Beat the eggs until well combined and light in color, about 5 minutes. Mix the sugar and flour together and gradually add to the eggs using low speed. Add the corn syrup, vanilla and salt and blend well, again using low speed. Fold the nuts in by hand and pour the mixture into the prepared pie crusts. Bake at 400 degrees F for 10 minutes and then reduce the heat to 350 degrees F. and bake for 1 hour longer. The pie will rise up and form cracks on the top, and the filling will be set when baking is complete. Remove pie and let it cool before cutting.nCombine the butter, shortening, 2 cups of the cake flour, and 1 cup of the allpurpose flour. Blend together. Stop mixer, scrape the sides and add remaining 2 cups of cake flour and remaining 1 cup of allpurpose flour. Blend to combine completely. Mix sugar and salt into 14 cup of the water and add it to the flour mixture. Blend briefly and add the remaining water if needed. The dough should not be overworked and should make a solid piece when held in your hand. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured smooth surface and knead it several times. Divide the dough into portions and flatten it. Wrap unused dough in plastic. Roll out the dough to fit a 9inch pie pan. Reroll any scraps for a second pie crust.nPreheat oven to 475 degrees F. Prick bottom and sides of pastry with fork. Bake 12 minutes or until light brown. Cool on wire rack., ingredients: [6 eggs, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup flour, 4 cups dark corn syrup, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups chopped pecans, Pie Crust, recipe follows, 1 cup unsalted butter, 1 cup solid vegetable shortening, 4 cups cake flour, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup sugar, 3 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 to 12 cup cold water], title: PECAN PIE FILLING, picturelink: null}, 58658: {instructions: Saute mushrooms in 1 tablespoon olive oil in large pan over high heat. Undercook slightly. Remove mushrooms from pan, lower heat and add shallot and garlic. Add port wine and reduce to half. Add strained mushroom stock and bring to boil. Add mushrooms and cream and simmer 5 to 10 minutes. Add rest of ingredients and season to tastenBring above ingredients and 2 quarts of cold water to a boil. Simmer 30 minutes., ingredients: [4 ounces crimini mushrooms, trim, cut into wedges, washed, 4 ounces porcini or chanterelle mushrooms, trim, cut into wedges, washed, 4 ounces shiitake, trim, cut into wedges, washed, 4 ounces button mushrooms, trim, cut into wedges, washed, 4 ounces oyster mushrooms trim, cut into wedges, and washed, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 shallot, peeled and chopped, 1 garlic clove, peeled and chopped, 4 ounces port wine, 2 ounces heavy cream, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 14 teaspoon fresh marjoram, 1 pound frozen gnocchi store bought cooked, Salt and pepper, 1 large onion, sliced, 1 celery stalk, chopped, 1 carrot, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, All mushroom stems, washed, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, Small tied bundle of parsley and thyme], title: Stewed Exotic Mushrooms with Gnocchi Port Wine Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58659: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a large pan or Dutch oven. Cook the vegetables one at a time separately for 5 to 7 minutes, adding a little more oil as needed and seasoning with salt, in the following order: eggplant, zucchini, pepper, onion, and tomatoes. Combine all of the cooked vegetables together in the pan, add the garlic, thyme, and basil and let simmer gently for 20 minutes. Add a splash of red wine vinegar, season with salt and pepper, and then turn off the heat. Serve hot, warm, or cold., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, plus more as needed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 small eggplant, chopped, 1 zucchini, chopped, 1 pepper red, green, or yellow, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 3 small tomatoes, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, pressed, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 or 4 leaves fresh basil, chopped, Splash red wine vinegar], title: Ratatouille, picturelink: nkWWYrtRd9ZcWyNZFe9Nha96p7kxa}, 58660: {instructions: Slice the mushrooms, dice the onions, chop the olives and grate the cheese. In a nonstick skillet add the 3 tablespoons of olive oil and saute the onions then add the mushrooms. Cook until there is no moisture. Add salt, pepper and olives. Add the cheese and 4 eggs and lower the flame. Cook for 1 minute and put skillet in a 375 degree F preheated oven until the frittata sets.nMix 1 egg, the flour, milk, sugar and butter until well blended. Pour 2 tablespoons of the batter into a hot not too hot skillet that is slightly greased. Cook for about 30 seconds or until the crepe is golden brown, then flip and cook for about 15 seconds on the opposite side. Remove from the heat and stuff with fruit.nSlice or dice the mango and the red onion. Put in a bowl with the arugula.nCombine the balsamic vinegar, remaining 12 cup of olive oil, salt and pepper, shake well and pour over the salad., ingredients: [2 cups mushrooms, 12 cup onions, 12 cup olives, 12 cup cheddar cheese, 12 cup olive oil plus 3 tablespoons, Salt and pepper, 5 eggs, 12 cup flour, 34 cup milk, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Fruit of choice, for stuffing, 1 mango, 1 bunch arugula, 12 red onion, 12 cup balsamic vinegar], title: Frittata, Fruit Stuffed Crepes, Mango and Arugula Salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing, picturelink: null}, 58661: {instructions: Remove the kernels from the corn cobs and set aside. Hold the cobs over a large saucepan and use the back of a knife to scrape down the cobs to milk them of any corn liquid. Drop the scraped cobs into the saucepan and add 8 cups of water and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer until the liquid is reduced to 6 cups, about 30 minutes. Strain and keep warm.nHeat the oil and butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon, until the onion is translucent and soft, about 5 minutes. Add the corn kernels and 12 teaspoon of salt and cook, stirring frequently, until the corn just starts to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the oats and stir until coated. Add the wine and simmer, stirring constantly, until the wine is absorbed, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups of the warm corn broth to the oats. Simmer, stirring constantly, until most of the liquid is absorbed, 8 to 10 minutes. Add 2 more cups of broth and simmer, stirring constantly, until the oats are tender but slightly toothsome, about 10 to 12 minutes more. Remove from the heat, stir in the Parmesan and season to taste with salt and pepper. Adjust the consistency of the risotto by adding more of the broth as necessary. Pour into a serving dish, sprinkle with the dill and a few more grinds of pepper and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 ounces grated Parmesan about 13 cup, 14 cup fresh dill fronds, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 ears corn, shucked, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 12 cups steelcut oats, 1 cup dry white wine], title: CornandOat Risotto, picturelink: Mrm33PLXznSR10PrceXJWCl.tbbg6zG}, 58662: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine all ingredients except lime juice in a flatbottomed baking dish. Cover with lime juice, making sure all fish is submerged. Chill for 2 hours.nServing Option: Cut the limes in half before squeezing their juice for the recipe and hollow them out once juiced, forming a cup. Flatten the bottom of the lime cup by slicing off a small section at the base. Fill with a heaping amount of Ceviche. Serve on a platter., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh tilapia fillets, or other firm white fish, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, 2 cups freshly squeezed lime juice, more if needed to cover fish], title: Mini Ceviche Appetizer, picturelink: IGaaV.TvpKB.J475yo5i3PM3Rwvi5u2}, 58663: {instructions: In a medium size saucepan combine rice with broth and bring the liquid to a boil over medium heat. Cover and simmer until the rice is almost tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the peas and simmer, covered 5 minutes longer. At this point you can serve half to the kids, garnished with some cheese. If you are making this for adult tastes only stir in Worcestershire, cayenne and grated cheese. Remove the pan from the heat and continue to stir until the cheese is entirely melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper and serve immediately before the dish gets gummy.nTo reheat leftovers and change the flavor a bit, layer the rice in a baking dish and top with some tomato sauce. Cover and reheat in a microwave or regular oven until very hot., ingredients: [1 cup long grain white rice, 2 cups chicken broth or water, 1 package 10 ounces frozen petite peas, 34 cup 2 ounces grated sharp cheddar or Parmesan cheese, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper or 2 to 3 drops Tabasco sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Soothing Creamy Rice, picturelink: null}, 58664: {instructions: Whisk the eggs with a pinch each of salt and pepper in a small bowl. Heat the peanut oil in a wok or large saucepan over high heat. Add the eggs and cook, undisturbed, until bubbles form on the surface and the bottom is set, about 1 minute.nAdd the tomatoes and cook, stirring gently to break up the eggs, until the tomatoes begin to soften, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chicken broth, 3 cups water, the scallions, sesame oil, soy sauce and 1 12 teaspoons salt. Partially cover and simmer 5 minutes.nStir in the chicken, spinach and rice and warm through. Season the soup with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil, 2 large tomatoes, halved and thinly sliced, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 cup shredded rotisserie chicken, skin removed, 4 cups baby spinach, 1 12 cups cooked rice white, brown or wild], title: Chinese Chicken and Rice Soup, picturelink: wisimMUYqH5HCMExp3uD9h.z2VUBBSu}, 58665: {instructions: In the bowl of a food processor, pulse together the beans and 14 cup water. Add all the remaining ingredients, except the olive oil, and pulse until smooth. Slowly pour in the olive oil with machine running and blend until smooth. Transfer to a bowl and serve with pita chips or crackers., ingredients: [2 cups reserved butter beans from Fried Pork Chops recipe, 14 cup water, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil], title: Online Round 2 Recipe  Bean Dip, picturelink: null}, 58666: {instructions: COMBINE marmalade, ricotta, powdered sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and orange peel in medium bowl. Spoon mixture into a pastry bag without a tip or into a resealable plastic bag, then cut one corner off. Pipe into shells.nCHILL at least 2 hours or up to 6 hours. Garnish with mini chocolate chips or candy bits. Sprinkle with powdered sugar before serving., ingredients: [13 cup Smuckersu00ae Orange Marmalade Simply Fruit, 1 15 oz. container ricotta cheese, drained, 14 cup powdered sugar, 12 tsp. vanilla extract, Ground cinnamon, 1 tbsp. grated fresh orange peel, 12 to 18 cannoli shells, purchased, GARNISH:, Mini chocolate chips or candy bits, Additional powdered sugar], title: Citrus Cream Cannoli, picturelink: hQS3H1.WiUWPdSj8vUgKFX0maLp0fFm}, 58667: {instructions: Preheat a fryer to 375 degrees F.nIn a small saute pan coated lightly with oil, saute the black beans and garlic until soft, add the jalapenos, serranos, and saute 2 minutes, add the pork and cook about 8 to 10 minutes on low heat or until cooked through. Set aside and let cool.nAdd the chopped cilantro and cheese. Stuff each chile full. Dip each one in the tempura batter and fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season lightly with salt and pepper.nPlating: On a large plate, ladle each half with the red and green sauces, yinyanglike, if possible. Place a small mound of rice in the middle of the plate. Top with a poblano chile, drizzle with cilantro crema, and garnish with a cilantro sprig.nIn a large bowl, mix the cornmeal, and rice, and whisk in the soda until a pancake batter consistency is achieved.nTransfer all ingredients to a blender and puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a saucepan, coated lightly with oil, add the onions and garlic and sweat until soft. Add the jalapenos, bell pepper, cinnamon, season, and stock. Reduce by 50 percent then transfer to a blender. Puree until smooth and check for seasoning.nMix all ingredients together and refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [1 tablespoon fermented black beans, rinsed and minced, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 2 chopped jalapenos, 2 chopped serranos, 1 pound ground pork, 14 cup cilantro, washed, dried, picked, and chopped, 1 cup grated Mexican cheese, such as Manchego or Monterey Jack, 4 large poblanos, blackened, peeled, seeds removed, slit up one side, and ready to stuff, Salt and black pepper, Corn oil, to cook, 2 cups cooked long grain rice with a pinch of turmeric, Corn Tempura batter, recipe follows, Bandera Sauce Red, recipe follows, Bandera Sauce Green, recipe follows, Cilantro Crema, recipe follows, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish, 12 corn meal, 1 cup rice flour, 1 bottle ice cold sparkling water, 4 plum tomatoes, blackened on dry skillet and peeled, 2 cloves garlic, toasted in dry skillet, 2 chipotle peppers, toasted whole in dry skillet, Salt, Black pepper, 1 small onion, sliced, 3 cloves garlic, 3 green jalapenos, roasted, deseeded, destemmed, 1 cup chicken stock, Corn oil, to cook, Salt and black pepper, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 1 lime, juiced, Salt, Pepper, Cilantro, for garnish], title: Crispy Poblano Chiles Stuffed with Black Bean, Pork, Cheese Yellow Rice, and Bandera Mexican Flag Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58668: {instructions: In a small bowl whisk together mayonnaise, yogurt, horseradish, Cognac, onion, ketchup, and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and chill the sauce.nPlunge the lobsters into a large kettle of boiling salted water and boil them, covered, for 10 minutes. Transfer the lobsters with tongs to a bowl and let them cool until they can be handled. Crack the shells, remove the meat, and cut it into 34inch pieces. Transfer the lobster meat to a large bowl and chill it, covered. The lobster cocktail may be prepared up to this point 1 day in advance.nHalve the mangoes by cutting just to the sides of each pit. Using a 34inch melonball cutter, scoop the flesh from the mango halves There should be about 2 cups. To the lobster meat add the mango, celery, avocado, sliced endives, chives, and sauce and toss mixture until it is combined. Divide the lobster mixture among 12 chilled small glasses and garnish each serving with 1 of the endive leaves and 2 of the whole chives., ingredients: [13 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup plain yogurt, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 2 tablespoons Cognac, 2 tablespoosn minced onion, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 1 12 pound live lobsters, 3 firmripe mangoes, 1 cup finely diced celery, 1 avocado, pitted, peeled and chopped into small cubes, 4 whole Belgian endives, trimmed and sliced crosswise thinly, plus 12 whole leaves, for garnish, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives plus 24 whole chives, for garnish], title: Lobster and Mango Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 58669: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine wine, melon juice, and melon balls. Chill for at least 1 hour. Just before serving, add ice, stir, pour in soda, and stir lightly again., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle dry white wine or 3 cups white grape juice, 2 8ounce bottles fresh watermelon juice, 1 12 cups mixed melon balls, cantaloupe and honeydew, Ice cubes, 1 33.8ounce bottle club soda], title: Melon Cooler, picturelink: T5ilRbPr5EQ6MFrp8X4GT6rMBGQqkN.}, 58670: {instructions: Mix together the salt, sugar, dried minced garlic, dried minced onion, poppy seeds, sesame seeds and zest. Place the fish, skinsidedown, on a long piece of plastic wrap. Splash with the vodka, and then pack the salt mixture on top of the exposed flesh. Sandwich the fillets together, wrap well in plastic wrap, place on a baking sheet or baking dish and refrigerate for about 1 day. Remove the fish from the wrap, rinse well and pat dry. Slice the gravlax very thinly at an angle leaving the skin behind see Cooks Note. Serve on bagel chips topped with sour cream or cream cheese. Garnish with poppy seeds, sesame seeds and sliced scallions., ingredients: [13 cup kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon dried minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried minced onion, 12 teaspoon poppy seeds, plus more for garnish, 12 teaspoon sesame seeds, plus more for garnish, Finely grated zest of 1 lemon, 2 skinon arctic char fillets about 1 pound each, 2 tablespoons vodka, Bagel chips, for serving, Sour cream or cream cheese, for serving, Sliced scallions, for garnish], title: Everything Bagel Arctic Char Gravlax, picturelink: null}, 58671: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the entire beef top round with the barbecue seasoning and set aside. Heat the olive oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Sear the beef on all sides until browned. Transfer the beef to a roasting pan and finish in the oven until cooked to medium, with an internal temperature of 130 degrees F, about 10 to 15 minutes. Allow the beef to rest before slicing. While the beef cooks, heat the beef broth in a saucepan with the thyme sprigs. Simmer over medium heat until reduced by half and then turn down the heat and keep warm. When the meat is cooked and rested, slice the beef thinly and add it to the pan of broth. Coat the beef in the broth. Warm the tortillas in a pan or in the oven. Top each tortilla with a few spoonfuls of cheese sauce, lettuce, then a few slices of beef and then some of the Giardiniera, and peppers. Roll up into a sandwich wrap and enjoy, ingredients: [1 pound beef top round, 4 tablespoons barbecue seasoning, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 16ounce can beef broth, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 large tomatoflavored tortillas or flour tortillas, if not available, 2 cups jarred cheese sauce, warmed, 14 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 cups mild Giardiniera mixed pickled vegetables, chopped, 1 cup cherry peppers, quartered lengthwise], title: ChicagoStyle Beef and Cheese Wrap, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 58672: {instructions: Special equipment: A rimmed 10by15inch baking sheetnAdjust a rack to the bottom third of the oven and preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of a rimmed 10by15inch baking sheet with butter.nFor the dough: Combine the butter, flour, confectioners sugar and salt in a food processor and process until the mixture comes together in a solid mass this may take a few minutes. Drop pieces of the dough all over the prepared baking sheet. Use your fingers to press the dough evenly along the bottom and about 12 inch up the sides of the pan, filling any gaps. Set aside.nFor the filling: Toss together the peaches, brown sugar, lemon juice, cornstarch, vanilla, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg in a large bowl until the cornstarch dissolves. Transfer the filling onto the crust and spread in an even layer. Bake for 30 minutes.nFor the streusel: While the pie bakes, make the strussel topping by combining the flour, almonds, brown sugar, melted butter and salt in a small bowl until evenly moistened.nRemove the pie from the oven and sprinkle the streusel evenly over the filling. Return the pie to the oven and bake until the topping is golden brown and the filling is bubbly, 25 to 30 minutes more. If the crust browns too quickly during baking, cover the pie loosely with foil.nLet the pie cool. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature and cut into small pieces, plus more for greasing the baking sheet, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 23 cup confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Filling:, 3 pounds peaches about 6 peaches, cut into 12inch wedges, 1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, Juice of 1 lemon, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Streusel:, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sliced skinon almonds, 12 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Peach Streusel Slab Pie, picturelink: kWQKPqhJzJB6Gy9pPUX23wTT17RPyjW}, 58673: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace peas in a medium bowl and mash thoroughly with a potato masher or fork. Or puree peas in a small blender or food processor and transfer to a medium bowl. Add avocado, yogurt, lime juice, garlic, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 black pepper, cumin, and chile powder. Continue to mash until blended.nStir in tomatoes, onion, and some cilantro andor jalapenos, if using. Season with additional salt and pepper, if desired. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 15ounce can early or young peas, drained, 12 cup mashed avocado about 1 medium avocados worth, 14 cup fatfree plain Greek yogurt, 4 teaspoons lime juice, 12 teaspoon minced garlic about 12 clove, 14 teaspoon salt, plus more, optional, 18 teaspoon black pepper, plus more, optional, 18 teaspoon ground cumin, 18 teaspoon chile powder, 13 cup chopped cherry or grape tomatoes, 14 cup finely chopped onion, Chopped fresh cilantro, optional, Chopped jarred jalapenos, optional], title: Holy Moly Guacamole, picturelink: sUhp8geBQLnD6PegavnEwYph5q6w1i}, 58674: {instructions: In a nonreactive saucepan, lightly saute the onions in olive oil. Add the tomatoes, red pepper flakes, and season with salt and pepper. Simmer for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nBreak the eggs into the sauce. Cover with a lid for about 1 minute. Eggs should be nicely done.nTo serve, place eggs on a large plate, add a couple spoonfuls of sauce, sprinkle with fresh basil, pecorino, and serve with toast., ingredients: [1 cup minced onions, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 12 pounds crushed tomatoes, 1teaspoon red pepper flakes, Salt and pepper, 8 eggs, 8 fresh basil leaves, 12 cup pecorino Romano, Toast, for serving], title: Egg in Pergatory, picturelink: null}, 58675: {instructions: Put the shrimp and bacon on a cutting board and using a large, sharp knife, mince them together until very finely chopped and scoop them into a mixing bowl. Add the cornstarch, ginger, egg, scallions, sesame oil, soy, and sprinkle of salt and white pepper and mix until very well combined.nSpread the shrimp mixture very thinly over the surface of the bread slices. Evenly sprinkle the sesame seeds over the bread to completely cover the shrimp mixture. Press the shrimp mixture firmly to adhere it to the bread using a large flat spatula or the side of a knife and compress the sesame seeds into the mixture.nHeat the oil in a large wok or deep saucepan to 350 degrees F, or until a small cube of bread floats to the surface and turns golden in about 10 seconds. Working in batches and using a spider or strainer, lower the bread slices into the hot oil, shrimpsideup, and fry, turning once, until the bread is golden brown and shrimp is cooked through, about 3 minutes. Drain the slices on paper towels briefly, then cut into wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 medium black tiger shrimp about 12 ounces, peeled and deveined, 4 slices smoked bacon about 4 ounces, excess fat trimmed and discarded, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon finely grated peeled ginger, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 large scallion, finely chopped, Dash toasted sesame oil, Dash light soy sauce, Sea salt and freshly ground white pepper, 3 slices firm goodquality white sandwich bread, 14 cup white sesame seeds, 3 cups peanut oil], title: Shrimp and Bacon Sesame Toast, picturelink: null}, 58676: {instructions: In a hot wok or saute pan add the oil followed by the garlic, ginger and chile. Be careful not to burn. Add the hoisin and briefly saute to get the raw taste out. Add the shiitakes, leeks and bean sprouts. Check for seasoning. Let cool in a strainer and drain well. When cool, add the cilantro, scallions and bean thread. Lay out a lumpia wrapper with corner facing you. Place a small mound at the bottom, moisten edges with eggwash and roll bottom corner towards the middle. Fold in both sides and continue rolling. Finish roll and let rest. Deep fry at 350 degrees until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Serve with mint dipping sauce.nMix all ingredients in a small bowl., ingredients: [2 cups sliced shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup sliced button mushrooms, 1 cup sliced cepes, chanterelles or oyster mushrooms optional, 2 cups leek julienned, 1 cup bean sprouts, 12 cup hoisin sauce, 2 minced serrano chile, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup chopped scallions, 12 cup chopped cilantro, 1 4 ounce package bean thread rice vermicelli, blanched, refreshed and cut up, Salt and black pepper to taste, 1 package lumpia wrappers. Other types are egg roll and spring roll wrappers. I prefer lumpia., Eggwash 1 egg and 12 cup of water, 14 cup fresh mint chiffonade, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup thin soy sauce, Juice of 1 lemon], title: Mushroom and Leek Spring Rolls, picturelink: jdMvi5vIngcLozLuXQcmCHpylyGcUzy}, 58677: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Pour the boxes of salt into a large braising pot and heat in the oven until unbearably hot to the top of the hand. Meanwhile, place the veal stock in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat and reduce to 1 cup. Add the lemon rind, capers, garlic, parsley and pepper, to taste. Keep warm in a hot water bath to prevent further reduction.nTrim the fillet, removing all traces of fat and silver skin between the muscles. Tie the roast with fine string at 1inch intervals. Blanch the fresh grape leaves for 1 second in boiling water so they can bend easily. Cool them, then remove their stems and central rib. Eliminate these steps if using canned leaves. Roll the meat into the leaves and tie at 14inch intervals.nUsing a large measuring cup with a handle, remove 23 of the hot salt to a medium roasting pan. Arrange the meat on the bottom layer of salt and immediately cover it with the reserved salt, to cover completely. Turn the oven temperature down to 400 degrees F and roast about 25 minutes. Remove the meat from the oven when it reaches an internal temperature of 110 degrees F. Keep the meat wrapped in the leaves, and let rest 5 minutes.nRemove all strings and leaves, slice, and serve with the caper sauce and the garnish of stuffed mushrooms.nPrepare the mushrooms: Wash and dry the mushrooms cut the edible part of their stems into 14inch dice and set aside. Using a melon baller, remove all the foamy tubes inside the cap of each mushroom and discard them.nHeat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and sear the mushrooms 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove them to an ovenproof baking dish, hollow side up, and season with salt and pepper.nAdd the onion to the same skillet and cook until translucent. Adding more oil if needed, stir in the mushroom stem dice, bread crumbs, prosciutto, parsley, basil and nuts mixing together until well blended and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes or until heated throughout. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nSpoon an equal amount of the mixture into each mushroom cap. Drizzle more olive oil over the top of each mushroom and bake 10 to 15 minutes in the same oven as the beef.nNote: The USDA recommends that beef be cooked to an internal temperature of 130 degrees F, but Madeleine prefers to remove the fillet from the oven when its internal temperature has reached 110 degrees. The meat continues to cook as it rests, resulting in a fillet that is rare to mediumrare.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Cut the meat into large chunks and remove as much fat as possible. Place the meat in a large roasting pan and roast until all the juices in the pan have browned to a deep golden russet color, about 45 minutes, careful not to burn the juices.nTransfer the meat to a large stockpot. Discard the fat in the roasting pan. Place the roasting pan over mediumhigh heat and add the wine, scraping up the golden brown glaze at the bottom of the pan. Add this to the stockpot together with the 10 quarts water. Bring to a boil, add the vegetables, cloves, bouquet garni, and bouillon cubes or salt. Return to a boil, reduce heat to mediumlow, partially cover, and simmer about 4 hours or until broth has a rich beef flavor skimming off any scum from the surface during cooking. It may be necessary to add warm water to the pot during cooking to keep the water level approximately even throughout cooking.nOnce the stock is finished cooking, remove from heat and allow to cool to a more manageable temperature, about 160 degrees F or higher. Strain the stock through a finemeshed strainer either directly into storage containers or into a large bowl from which it can then be transferred into smaller storage containers. Once stock is in the storage containers, cool it down quickly by placing the containers into an ice water bath. Once cooled completely, cover and refrigerate.nKeep containers refrigerated until all the fat has risen to the surface and hardened. To remove, break the solidified fat and discard. The stock is now ready to use. Keep refrigerated for up to 4 days or freeze for up to 6 months. To keep refrigerated stock longer, reboil it every fourth day. Reboil frozen stock for up to 5 minutes before using to prevent spoilage.nYield: 10 quarts, ingredients: [2 5pound boxes kosher salt, 1 12 cups primary veal stock, recipe follows, 14 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 small clove garlic, mashed, 1 12 tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 head fillet of beef, about 2 14 pounds, 18 to 20 fresh or canned grape leaves, thoroughly dried, 6 small boleti or large shiitake mushrooms, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium yellow onion, finely chopped, 1 34 cups fresh Italian bread crumbs, 3 paperthin slices prosciutto, very finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons chopped pine nuts, 10 pounds veal breast or other meats, 2 cups dry white wine, preferably Sauvignon Blanc, or water, 10 quarts water, 6 medium yellow onions, quartered, 4 medium carrots, coarsely chopped, 10 large leeks, white and green parts, well washed, coarsely chopped, 1 center pale yellow celery rib with leaves, 4 cloves, Large bouquet garni of 30 parsley stems, 2 large sprigs fresh thyme and 2 small or 1 large bay leaf, 2 12inch chicken bouillon cubes or 2 teaspoons salt], title: Beef Filet in Salt Crust, picturelink: null}, 58678: {instructions: Marinade: Combine ingredients for marinade in a baking dish or shallow bowl. Marinate the beef and let sit for 15 minutes to 1 hour at room temperature, or overnight in the refrigerator.nMeanwhile, make Lime Dipping Sauce: Stir sugar and salt into the lime juice until well dissolved. Add the rest of the ingredients and mix well. Set aside at room temperature until ready to serve.nSaute: Heat up a large saute pan or small wok until hot very high heat is required so that the meat will cook quickly without bleeding out too much juice. Add soybean oil, sugar, garlic, and black peeper and stir to caramelize for 30 seconds, being careful not to burn the garlic and black pepper. Add marinated beef and stir very quickly over very high heat for 2 minutes. Add mushroom soy sauce and stir to cook for another 2 minutes or so. Cook the beef to desired doneness its best served mediumrare to medium.nGarnish a large plate with the young lettuce leaves. Plate the loc lac beef in the middle. Sprinkle with scallion greens. Serve with jasmine rice and Lime Dipping Sauce on the side., ingredients: [2 pinches kosher salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons soybean oil, 2 pounds beef tenderloin or sirloin, cut into 1inch cubes, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 14 cup water, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons soybean oil or any vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons sugar, 4 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup mushroom soy sauce, 15 to 20 young lettuce leaves, for garnish, 14 cup thinly sliced scallion greens, for garnish, Jasmine rice, for serving], title: Loc Lac, picturelink: null}, 58679: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace butter and lard in freezer for 15 minutes. When ready to use, remove and cut both into small pieces.nIn the bowl of a food processor, combine flour and salt by pulsing 3 to 4 times. Add butter and pulse 5 to 6 times until texture looks mealy. Add lard and pulse another 3 to 4 times. Remove lid of food processor and spritz surface of mixture thoroughly with water. Replace lid and pulse 5 times. Add more water and pulse again until mixture holds together when squeezed. Place mixture in large ziptop bag, squeeze together until it forms a ball, and then press into a rounded disk and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace 2 metal pie pans in the refrigerator to chill.nRemove dough from refrigerator. Cut along 2 sides of the plastic bag, open bag to expose dough, and sprinkle both sides with flour. Cover again with plastic and roll out with a rolling pin to a 10 to 11inch circle. Open plastic again and sprinkle top of dough with flour. Remove pie pans from refrigerator and set first pan on top of dough. Turn everything upside down and peel plastic from bottom of dough. Place second pan upside down on top of dough and flip again. Remove first pan from atop dough. Trim edges if necessary, leaving an edge for meringue to adhere to. Poke holes in dough and place in refrigerator for 15 minutes.nPlace a large piece of parchment paper on top of dough and fill with dry beans. Press beans into edges of dough and bake in the oven for 10 minutes. Remove parchment and beans and continue baking until golden in color, approximately 10 to 15 minutes longer. Remove from oven and place on cooling rack. Let cool completely before filling., ingredients: [3 ounces 6 tablespoons butter, chilled, 1 ounce 2 tablespoons lard, chilled, 6 ounces approximately 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for rolling dough, 12 teaspoon table salt, 14 cup ice water, in spritz bottle, Approximately 32 ounces of dried beans, for blind baking], title: Pie Crust, picturelink: iwJnet7Fv64tcUNw2AzS6DMNUAg373q}, 58680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 12 wooden or metal 8inch skewers see Cooks NotenFor the beef: In a resealable plastic bag or glass bowl, combine the olive oil, garlic, herbes de Provence, salt, pepper, and beef. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Remove the meat from the marinade and season with salt. Thread 4 pieces of meat onto each skewer and grill for 3 to 4 minutes on each side for mediumwell. Arrange the skewers on a platter.nFor the relish: In a small bowl, combine the onion, sundried tomatoes, corn, and olive oil. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Just before serving, add the avocado, feta cheese, and parsley. Gently toss and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Serve the relish alongside the beef skewers., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons herbes de Provence, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 2 pound beef tritip, trimmed, and cut into 34inch cubes about 48 cubes, 12 small red onion, finely diced, rinsed, and drained, 12 cup chopped oilpacked sundried tomatoes about 10 to 12 tomatoes, 1 ear of corn, kernels removed, or 12 cup frozen and thawed corn, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 small avocado, peeled, pitted, and diced, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Beef Skewers with SunDried Tomato Relish, picturelink: DsU4gkOjNuZLg7XBQeR4bDKaHxte.Vi}, 58681: {instructions: Put aside the cabbage. In a mixing bowl, mix by hand all the other ingredients, except sauce, and set aside. This will be the filling to stuff the cabbage leaves.nCore out the centers of the cabbage. Place the whole cored cabbage in a large pot of boiling water. Boil until the leaves become slightly transparent. Savoy cabbage cooks very quickly. Remove leaves from the water, 1 at a time.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll the meat mixture into 2inch balls. Elongate slightly and place on individual cabbage leaves. Starting from core edge, roll cabbage with meat inside and tuck in sides to complete rolling process. Place in a covered roaster pan with some water and cook for 1 12 hours.nRemove cooked cabbage rolls from roaster pan, and place on a serving plate. Serve with mushroom sauce over top.nIn a saucepan, combine mushrooms and 4 cups water, and bring to a boil. Boil for about 10 minutes or until mushrooms are soft. In a mixing bowl, mix flour and sour cream with 12 cup cold water, whisking until blended. Add mixture to mushrooms, stirring until blended. Simmer, stirring, for 5 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 heads savoy cabbage, 3 pounds ground veal, 1 cup dill weed, 1 Spanish onion, sauteed in butter, 2 cups plain oatmeal, cooked, 4 large eggs, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, Mushroom Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound sliced mushrooms, 4 12 cups water, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup sour cream, 12 teaspoon salt, Dash pepper], title: Veal in Savoy Cabbage with Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: 4FniDSHaG4CScBnzVCZayi8z.3WLGDG}, 58682: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush the chicken drummettes with olive oil.n2. Sprinkle Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend on all sides.n3. Bake for 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through., ingredients: [1 lb Chicken Drummettes, 4 tsp Mrs. Dashu00ae Fiesta Lime Seasoning Blend], title: Fiesta Chicken Drummettes, picturelink: IoCPd6Ae6UJbPDsq3H5lyRopTdNTEq}, 58683: {instructions: Bring the oats and 4 cups water to a boil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until very thick, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove from the heat and cover to keep warm. Meanwhile, heat a wok or large skillet over medium heat until smoking and add the peanut oil. Working in batches if necessary, crack the eggs into the wok and cook to desired doneness. Transfer the oats to 4 shallow bowls and top each with a fried egg. Sprinkle the scallion greens over each bowl and pass the chili sauce, peanuts and soy sauce at the table for garnishing. Top with the additional traditional Taiwanese accompaniments, if using., ingredients: [4 large eggs, 3 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats not instant, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 2 scallions, green parts only, finely sliced, Chili sauce, such as Sriracha, for garnish, Salted roasted peanuts, for garnish, Light soy sauce, for garnish, 1 pickled soy lettuce stem, chopped, 4 teaspoons momoya Japanese seaweed paste, 2 tablespoons salted roasted peanuts, 2 tablespoons pickled bamboo shoots in chili oil, 2 tablespoons dried pork floss, 4 small cubes of tofu ru jarred fermented bean curd], title: Oat Congee with Fried Eggs and Scallions, picturelink: null}, 58684: {instructions: Chop peppers and onions into small pieces. Saute peppers and onions in olive oil and season with garlic and black pepper. Add mushrooms and olives to the mix. Slow cook 1 cup of rice with water according to package instructions. When done add peppers, mushrooms, onions and olives., ingredients: [12 cup green peppers, 12 cup red peppers, 12 cup yellow peppers, 12 cup orange peppers, 1 large Spanish onion, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Garlic powder, Ground black pepper, 12 pound mushrooms, sliced, 1 can sliced black olives, 1 cup rice], title: Rainbow Rice, picturelink: null}, 58685: {instructions: Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add half the garlic, and cook, stirring, until soft, about 2 minutes. Add the quinoa, 2 13 cups water, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper, and bring to a simmer, stirring. Cover, reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook until the quinoa is tender the little white tails become visible and the liquid is the consistency of a thin porridge, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the saucepan from the heat, and whisk in the Parmesan and half the parsley. Cover and keep warm.nMeanwhile, season the shrimp with 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Heat the oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp in a single layer its OK if they touch, and cook until the underside turns pink, about 2 minutes. Turn the shrimp, add the remaining garlic and cook until the shrimp begin to curl and turn totally pink, about 2 minutes more. Add the wine, 2 tablespoons water and the remaining parsley, reserving a pinch for garnish. Once the liquid has reduced by half, swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter until smooth. Divide the quinoa and shrimp among 4 bowls, top with the pan sauce and sprinkle with the reserved parsley., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup quinoa, rinsed well, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 cup dry white wine], title: Healthy Garlic Shrimp and Quinoa Grits, picturelink: QLOmDq9Fa3ShcjvRgPTT67M2qMWyOre}, 58686: {instructions: Place tenderloin in the freezer for 2 hours.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nRemove the tenderloin from the freezer. Using an electric knife, cut the beef into 38inch thick slices. Place slices of beef, 1 at a time, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap. Squirt the beef lightly with water and squirt the top of the plastic wrap as well. Pound to no less than 18inch thickness. Lightly brush each slice of beef on both sides with vegetable oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Set aside.nHeat a large cast iron skillet over high heat for 3 to 4 minutes. Reduce heat to medium and turn skillet upside down over burner. Brush the pan lightly with oil. Place 2 to 3 slices of beef on the pan at a time and sear for 10 seconds on each side. Remove to an ovenproof platter and keep in warm oven. Repeat until all of the beef has been cooked. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound beef tenderloin, trimmed, Vegetable oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Beef Paillard, picturelink: null}, 58687: {instructions: Bring salted water to a boil and cook pasta for 10 minutes or until al dente or according to package directions. Meanwhile heat oil in a large skillet. Add garlic paste, cabbage, and red pepper and saute for a moment to coat the cabbage. Add the broth. Cover and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. While this is cooking whisk ricotta and Parmesan cheese together Drain pasta, reserving some of cooking liquid to whisk into ricotta cheese mixture to loosen it. Add cooked cabbage, and cheeses to pasta and toss. Garnish with parsley., ingredients: [12 ounces perciatelli or spaghetti, 13 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon or more of garlic paste, 1 pound savoy cabbage, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 34 cup chicken broth, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 cup grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup chopped italian parsley], title: Pasta, Garlic and Savoy Cabbage Threads, picturelink: null}, 58688: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Sprinkle the taco seasoning and chili powder all over the chicken breasts.nHeat the oil in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and saute on both sides until browned, about 5 minutes per side, then remove from the skillet and set aside. To the skillet, add the tomato sauce, hot sauce and 2 cups hot water and bring to a gentle boil.nShred the chicken with 2 forks, then return the shredded chicken to the liquid and simmer on low until everything is hot and bubbly.nAssemble the nachos in 2 ways: Sprinkle a layer of tortilla chips onto 2 ovenproof plates or baking dishes. Sprinkle both with cheese and then a layer of chicken repeat twice more with each layer getting smaller in circumference. Finish with an extra sprinkling of cheese. Bake just until the cheese melts, 5 to 10 minutes.nServe one dish as is. On the other, layer on the jalapenos, black olives, tomatoes, green onions and sour cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons taco seasoning, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 14 cup olive oil, 8 ounces tomato sauce, A few dashes hot sauce, 1 large bag tortilla chips, 3 cups grated CheddarJack approximately  you may need more or less, 14 cup jarred jalapeno slices, 14 cup chopped pitted black olives, 3 tomatoes, finely chopped, 3 green onions, green and white parts, finely chopped, 14 cup sour cream], title: Chicken Nachos, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 58689: {instructions: Peel broccoli stalks to remove tough strings. Cut each stalk lengthwise into halves or quarters, depending on size. Put into large glass baking dish with 12 cup water. Cover tightly with plastic wrap. Microwave on medium high for 14 to 17 minutes, depending on the size of your bunch of broccoli and how tender you like your vegetables. Drain. Add the lemon juice, chili flakes, olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste. Mix well. Serve warm or cold., ingredients: [1 head broccoli, broken into stalks, 12 cup water, 14 cup lemon juice, Pinch chili flakes, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper], title: Little Grandmas Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 58690: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the filling: Cook the sausage in a large skillet, crumbling it fine. Drain on a paper towel. Fry the bacon in the same skillet until crisp. Drain on a paper towel, let cool and then crumble into tiny pieces. Saute the jalapenos, onions and bell peppers in the same skillet until golden brown, about 5 minutes.nWhile the vegetables are cooking, beat the eggs in a bowl with the halfandhalf, seasoned salt, hot sauce and black pepper.nTurn the skillet heat to low and pour in the egg mixture. Add the sausage and crumbled bacon. Slowly cook the eggs, using a wooden spatula to push them around the pan until theyre totally cooked through. Stir in the cheese until melted.nFor the burritos: Warm the tortillas using your favorite method, and add some of the filling to each. Top with salsa and grated cheese, then roll up and eat., ingredients: [1 pound breakfast sausage, 1 pound thin bacon, 2 jalapenos, seeded and finely diced, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 1 red bell pepper, finely diced, 24 eggs, 14 cup halfandhalf, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, Several dashes hot sauce, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grated Cheddar Jack, 24 small whole wheat tortillas fajita size if they dont have whole wheat in this small size, buy regular, 1 jar salsa, 2 to 3 cups grated Cheddar Jack, for topping], title: Breakfast Burrito Kit, picturelink: AJf2WgM9mjM3zvcxSIgbWMtfPIgjpEi}, 58691: {instructions: In a soup pot, saute the garlic and onions in the olive oil, stirring occasionally, until the onions are translucent. Add the potatoes and tomatoes. Stir in the thyme and water. Cover and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Stem the green beans and cut them into 1inch pieces. Add the beans and sliced fennel bulb to the pot. Stir in the saffron, orange peel, and lemon juice. Simmer, covered, for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the potatoes and green beans are tender. Add salt and pepper to taste.nServe with crusty bread and chevre or brie, ingredients: [3 garlic cloves, minced or pressed, 1 12 cups chopped onions, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 large potatoes, cut into 12inch cubes about 3 12 cups, 3 cups undrained chopped fresh or canned tomatoes 28ounce can, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup water, 1 pound green beans, 2 cups sliced fresh fennel bulb 14inchthick slices, 2 pinches of saffron threads, 1 12 teaspoons freshly grated orange peel, Juice of 12 lemon, Salt and ground black pepper to taste], title: Green Beans and Fennel Ragout, picturelink: null}, 58692: {instructions: Special equipment: 12 short, thick wooden skewers, soaked in water for at least 30 minutesnWhisk the oil, herbes de Provence, salt, and pepper in a large bowl to blend. Cut the swordfish steaks into 36 1inch cubes and toss in the oil mixture to coat. Thread the swordfish cubes onto wooden skewers, 3 per skewer. Wrap a slice of pancetta around and between the swordfish cubes on each skewer. Arrange the swordfish skewers on a small baking sheet and brush with the remaining oil mixture. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day, turning occasionally in the oil mixture.nPrepare the barbecue for mediumhigh heat or preheat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill the swordfish skewers until the swordfish is just opaque in the center and the pancetta is crisp, turning often, about 10 minutes.nTransfer the skewers to plates and serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons herbes de Provence, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds swordfish steaks at least 1inch thick, trimmed, 12 short, thick wooden skewers, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes, 12 thin slices pancetta about 3 ounces, unrolled so that you have a strip, 6 lemon wedges], title: Swordfish Spiedini, picturelink: IBRk.KXGxG6poxxRP4JmzRbzQ6kzjXu}, 58693: {instructions: To prepare the chimichurri, place all the ingredients in a food processor and process for 1 to 2 minutes until the ingredients are well combined. Can be used immediately, but for best results refrigerate overnight. Remove from the refrigerator 2 hours before serving, to allow to come to room temperature.nPreheat your grill pan or outdoor grill over mediumhigh heat. Brush each sweet potato slice generously with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side, or until tender when poked with a knife you want some nice char marks on the potatoes. You may need to grill in 2 batches. Place on a baking sheet, wrap with foil and place in a preheated to 200 degree F oven.nNext, in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. When hot add the bell peppers and season generously with salt and pepper. Saute until caramelized, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for an additional 2 minutes. Turn the heat off, toss in the toasted pine nuts, basil and oregano and add a pinch more salt and pepper. Stir to combine and keep warm on the stovetop.nFor the swordfish, again heat your grill pan or outdoor grill over mediumhigh heat. Brush both sides of the swordfish generously with extravirgin olive oil and sprinkle both sides generously with salt and pepper. Grill until just cooked through, but still moist, about 3 to 4 minutes per side being careful not to overcook the fish.nTo plate, first put 14 of the sweet potato slices onto each of 4 warmed plates. Top potatoes with a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and a tiny pinch of salt. Next, top the sweet potatoes, with 14 of the bell pepper mixture. Then place the swordfish atop that, and spoon a generous amount of the chimichurri over the middle of the fish. To garnish, top the chimichurri with a tiny sprinkling of orange zest, then just a few very thinly sliced pieces of jalapeno, and a twisted orange slice. Serve with warmed sourdough baguette slices and the additional chimichurri on the side. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 14 cups extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 large orange, zested, 1 large lemon, zested, 12 cup orange juice, 14 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 cup chopped fresh Italian flatleaf parsley, firmly packed, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, firmly packed, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, firmly packed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 large jalapenos stemmed, ribs and seeds removed, and minced, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 large sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced into 12inch rounds, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 very large red bell peppers, seeds and ribs removed, cut into large julienne, 2 very large yellow bell peppers, seeds and ribs removed, cut into large julienne, 2 large cloves garlic, sliced thin, 12 cup toasted pine nuts, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 4 8 to 10ounce swordfish steaks, 1inch thick, Garnishes: orange zest, very thinly sliced jalapeno, 4 thin orange slices then sliced in the middle to twist., Warmed sourdough baguette slices], title: ArgentineanStyle Grilled Swordfish with a SpicyOrange Chimichurri, PanRoasted Peppers and Charred Sweet Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 58694: {instructions: Combine sugar and 1 cup of halfandhalf in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat, whisking until combined. Add remaining halfandhalf, heavy cream, and vanilla and cook for 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together hot water and gelatin, whisking until gelatin dissolves. Whisk gelatin mixture into halfandhalf mixture until thoroughly combined.nRemove from the heat and pour into ramekins or cupcake tins and chill for at least 2 hours or overnight until set.nRemove panna cotta from refrigerator. Dip the bottoms of the ramekins or cupcake tin into a warm water bath for about 15 seconds. Turn out the panna cotta forms onto serving plates. Top with Orange Caramel Sauce and let run down sides. Serve while sauce is still warm.nMelt the butter and brown sugar together in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the orange juice and star anise and simmer until smooth and thick, about 5 minutes. Stir in the orange zest and remove from heat., ingredients: [1 cup confectioners sugar, 3 cups halfandhalf, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 13 cup hot water, 2 14ounce packets unflavored powdered gelatin, Orange Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 13 cup light brown sugar, 1 small navel orange zested and juiced, 1 whole star anise], title: Panna Cotta with Caramel Sauce, picturelink: tea5pxy5zPM8j3p8yMcOhke7.JyHLO}, 58695: {instructions: In a medium bowl, toss the greens with the oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper, to taste. Arrange on a serving platter and scatter over the almonds and grapes. Serve., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, Champagne vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Handful slivered almonds, toasted, 2 handfuls small green grapes, 4 generous handfuls watercress, stemmed], title: Watercress Salad, picturelink: null}, 58696: {instructions: In a large medium skillet over mediumhigh heat, add the butter. Once melted, add the 2 eggs and scramble with Oaxaca cheese. Once the tortillas, tomatillos and beans are cooked, place them on plate next to the guacamole. Then place the scrambled eggs on the plate and pour the tomato sauce with chipolte on top of the eggs. Now pour the cream of cilantro on top of the sauce and you are ready for your Nuevo Huevos Rancheritos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, About 12 cup grated Oaxaca cheese, 2 grilled tortillas, About 14 cup grilled tomatillos, About 14 cup black beans, heated in a saucepan on the grill, 2 tablespoons guacamole, 2 tablespoons tomato sauce with chipotle, 1 tablespoon cream of cilantro], title: Nuevos Huevos Rancheritos, picturelink: null}, 58697: {instructions: For the dressing: In a small bowl, combine the mirin, olive oil, soy sauce and vinegar and mix well.nFor the salad: Cook the noodles according to the instructions on the packet. Drain and refresh under cold water, then add a few dashes of sesame oil to keep them from sticking and set aside.nHeat a wok over high heat and add the vegetable oil. Add the garlic and mushrooms and stirfry until the mushrooms begin to soften, 1 to 2 minutes adding a splash of water if necessary to facilitate cooking. Season with the light soy sauce and remove from the heat.nIn a large serving bowl, add the noodles, mushrooms, sundried tomatoes and olives. Toss, and then pour the rice vinegar dressing over the salad. The dish is best kept refrigerated and served chilled.nWhen ready to serve, sprinkle with ground peanuts and arugula., ingredients: [3 tablespoons mirin, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons light soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 9 ounces dried soba noodles, Few dashes sesame oil, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 1 teaspoon light soy sauce, 6 sundried tomatoes, sliced, 14 cup sliced kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons peanuts, toasted and very finely chopped, Large handful arugula leaves], title: Italian Soba Noodle Salad, picturelink: null}, 58698: {instructions: In trifle bowl or very large glass serving bowl, prepare both packages of gelatin as directed except omit 12 cup water. Place in refrigerator and cool, about 30 to 40 minutes.nSprinkle 1 jigger of sherry over ladyfingers. Arrange ladyfingers in the bowl containing the gelatin by covering the bottom and sides of the bowl. Refrigerate until firmly set.nArrange berries over gelatin and ladyfingers. Prepare the custard as directed. Cool custard until it is only slightly warm, approximately15 to 20 minutes.nGently cover the fruit gelatin trifle, with custard be careful not to crush the fruit. Refrigerate until cooled and set about 2 to 3 hours.nJust before serving, whip heavy cream and syrup together into stiff peeks. Do not over sweeten, cream should be lightly flavored and rich. Layer whipped cream over top of trifle.nGarnish with fresh fruit, sprinkles or mint leaves.nNote: Keep refrigerated until ready to serve the whipped cream will fall if not served soon. Also, if you use too much sherry, gelatin will not set., ingredients: [1 6ounce package raspberry gelatin, plus 1 3ounce package raspberry gelatin, 2 3ounce packages soft ladyfingers, 1 Jigger 1 12ounces good quality sherry, 2 cups berries, raspberry, and blackberry mixed, fresh or frozen, thawed and well drained, 1 4 12ounce package gelatin custard, 1 pint heavy cream, 3 tablespoon cappuccino hazelnut syrup, or to taste, Whole Fresh berries, for garnish, Rainbow sprinkles, for garnish, Mint leaves, for garnish], title: Sherry Trifle, picturelink: null}, 58699: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMarinate the flank steak in the pickled jalapenos, at room temperature, for 1 hour.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to mediumhigh.nSeason the steak with salt and pepper, to taste, and grill until nicely charred, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the grill and allow the steak to rest on a cutting board while preparing the rajas.nSecure each piece sliced onion horizontally with wooden skewers. Brush both sides with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill the onions, turning occasionally, until soft and charred, about 10 to 15 minutes. Put the poblano and jalapeno chiles on the grill and char them on all sides. Once the chiles are blackened on all sides, set aside to cool. When cool enough to handle, remove the charred skin, stem and seeds. Cut the chiles into strips. Once the onions are cool enough to handle, remove the skewers and separate the onions into rings.nPreheat a large cast iron pan or a large heavybottomed skillet over medium heat. Slice the flank steak, on the bias, into thin strips. When the pan is hot, coat the bottom of the pan with some olive oil. Add the sliced garlic and dried oregano, and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the sliced steak, onions and chile strips to the pan to heat through. Transfer to a serving platter and serve piping hot with flour tortillas, guacamole and pico de gallo., ingredients: [1 2 pound flank steak, 1 cup jarred or canned pickled jalapenos, including the onions and carrots that come in the jar or can, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium white onion, sliced 12inch thick, keeping the rings together, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 poblano chiles, 2 jalapeno chiles, 1 garlic clove, peeled and thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon dried Mexican oregano, Flour tortillas, guacamole and pico de gallo, for serving], title: Fajitas with Marinated Flank Steak and Rajas, picturelink: 6E08xcCcP9CMeiTXUFWoQozGsQbR1kS}, 58700: {instructions: If not serving avocado fries immediately, preheat oven to 200 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nPlace flour in a wide, shallow bowl and panko in another wide, shallow bowl. In a small bowl, whisk together eggs and water.nIn a deep, medium saucepan, heat 1 inch of oil to 375 degrees F, or until a few panko bits bubble vigorously when added.nMeanwhile, halve avocados lengthwise, remove pit, and slice each half into 4 wedges. Peel away skin, and coat each slice, one by one, in flour, shaking off excess. Dip in egg wash, then panko, gently pressing breadcrumbs on sides to coat. Place avocados on large cutting board or plate.nWhen oil is hot, fry 3 to 4 avocado slices at a time until golden brown, about 30 seconds. Gently transfer with tongs to paper towellined baking sheet and sprinkle generously with salt. Place baking sheet in oven to keep warm, or serve immediately with lemon slices and salsa or other condiments, if desired. Repeat with remaining avocado slices., ingredients: [1 cup flour, more as needed, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, more as needed, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons water, Vegetable oil, for frying, 3 to 4 ripe, but not soft, medium Haas avocados, Coarse sea or kosher salt, to taste], title: Avocado Fries, picturelink: zaNfEuYNXYV7yld2EgLhifzmZTX.Tcy}, 58701: {instructions: For the onions: Put the red onions in a medium bowl. Combine the lime juice, vinegar, sugar and salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil and cook until the sugar and salt are dissolved. Remove from the heat and let sit to cool slightly, 5 minutes, then pour over the onions. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 24 hours.nFor the hash browns: Mix together the creme fraiche and green onions in a small bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve.nGrate the potatoes using the large holes on a cheese grater. Heat half of the clarified butter in a 12inch seasoned castiron pan over mediumlow heat. Add the garlic and cook until it is lightly golden brown on both sides and infuses the oil with the flavor of the garlic, then remove and discard.nToss the potatoes with the poppy seeds, salt, sesame seeds and some pepper. Add the potatoes to the pan and stir to coat with butter. Using a spatula, gently press the potatoes into a flat round, slightly smaller than the pan. Cook, shaking the pan occasionally, until the edges are golden and crisp, about 10 minutes.nWorking carefully with some large, flat spatulas, flip the potato cake. Pour the remaining butter around the edges of the potato cake and continue cooking until potatoes are crisp on the bottom, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board. Let cool for a few minutes. Spread the top with the prepared creme fraiche and scatter the pickled onions over the top. Garnish with parsley leaves and cut into wedges to serve., ingredients: [12 red onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup creme fraiche, 2 green onions, dark green and pale green part, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large russet potatoes, 12 cup clarified butter, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 34 teaspoon poppy seeds, 34 teaspoon flaked sea salt, 34 teaspoon sesame seeds, Freshly ground black pepper, Parsley leaves], title: Everything Hash Brown Cake with Pickled Red Onions and Green Onion Creme Fraiche, picturelink: fz5SAEjIbmxbM3nsYWln9ePhNs32a6}, 58702: {instructions: Put the vegetables in a skillet just large enough to hold them in a single layer. Add enough water so that it comes halfway up their sides along with the butter and sugar. Bring to a boil over high heat, then adjust the heat to maintain a simmer. Cover the vegetables with a round of parchment paper just large enough to fit the inside diameter of the pan, or with a lid set ajar. Simmer the vegetables until tender, about 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the cover and raise the heat to high. Toss the vegetables frequently in the pan, as the liquid evaporates to a shiny smooth glaze. Season with salt and pepper to taste and serve., ingredients: [34 pound turnips, cut into 1inch pieces, 34 pound carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 teaspoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Glazed Carrots and Turnips, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 58703: {instructions: Special equipment: A large heavy bottomed potnSaute the chicken pieces in olive oil in the pot until they are golden brown. Add the duck breast and saute another few minutes. Remove and reserve on a plate.nBrown the onions and garlic in the chicken drippings. Remove from the heat and reserve.nFry the bacon in another pan. Cooks note: dont use any oil as there is enough fat in the bacon. When the bacon is crisp and the fat is rendered, combine with chicken and duck breast and set aside.nMix the peeled tomatoes with the tomato concentrate and puree. Heat them in another casserole until they turn slightly golden. Add 1 12 tablespoons of the flour to thicken. Add the onions and garlic to the tomato mixture. Add the chicken, bacon, and duck and cover with 2 14 cups of water. Add salt and freshly ground black pepper. Bring to a slow simmer and cook for 40 minutes. Add 3 slices of blanched orange to casserole and leave for 15 minutes to allow the orange aromas to permeate the chicken. Then remove them and reserve for garnish., ingredients: [1 freerange chicken, cut into large pieces, leaving skin on, Olive oil, for sauteeing, 1 slice smoked duck breast, roughly chopped, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 slice unsmoked bacon, cut into cubes, 5 tomatoes, peeled and pureed, 1 cup tomato concentratepuree, 2 14 cups water, plus 2 cups water, for blanching, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, for thickening, Pinch salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 bitter oranges, blanched see cooks note recommended: Bigerades, Serving suggestion: boiled potatoes], title: Poulet a la Catalane, picturelink: MqENteLHQt7umNYgwU.1aEeqtcoKNK}, 58704: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, 2 tablespoons butter, the shortening, granulated sugar and salt in a food processor until it looks like fine meal. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and pulse until it is in peasize pieces. Drizzle in the vinegar and 2 tablespoons cold water and pulse until the dough just comes together. Turn out onto a piece of plastic wrap use the plastic to help form the dough into a disk. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour or overnight. The dough can be frozen for up to 2 months thaw at room temperature.nRoll out the dough into a 12inch round on a lightly floured surface. Ease into a 9inch pie plate, fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edge with your fingers. Chill at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven preheat to 425 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet and toast until darkened, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a plate and return the empty baking sheet to the lower oven rack. Melt the butter in a small skillet over medium heat and cook, stirring with a rubber spatula, until brown flecks appear, about 8 minutes let cool slightly. Whisk the browned butter, eggs, brown sugar, molasses, bourbon and salt in a bowl. Scatter the toasted pecans in the prepared crust pour in the brown sugar mixture.nPut the pie directly on the hot baking sheet in the oven and reduce the temperature to 325 degrees F. Bake until the crust is golden brown and the filling is set, 45 to 55 minutes. Cover the edge with foil if it is browning too quickly. Transfer to a rack and let cool at least 1 hour before serving.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 6 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 2 14 cups pecans, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, 23 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup molasses not blackstrap or sorghum, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 12 teaspoon salt], title: MolassesBourbon Pecan Pie, picturelink: Q233eS7UTS9ieAuwDeT58VZUt9tKSGq}, 58705: {instructions: Combine sauce ingredients in a bowl.nPlace a wok over high heat until hot. Add oil, swirling to coat sides. Add garlic and ginger cook stirring, until fragrant, about 10 seconds. Add carrots, lotus root, jicama, zucchini and mushrooms stir fry for 1 minute.nAdd water, cover and cook for 3 minutes. Add bell pepper and asparagus stir fry for 1 minute. Add sauce and bring to a boil. Add cornstarch solution and cook, stirring, until sauce boils and thickens., ingredients: [12 cup vegetable broth, 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon cooking oil, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 cup sliced carrots, 12 cup sliced lotus root, 12 cup sliced jicama, 12 cup sliced zucchini, 8 white button mushrooms, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup red bell pepper, cut into 1 inch squares, 4 asparagus spears, trimmed and cut diagonally into 1 12 inch lengths, 2 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water], title: Mixed Vegetable Stir Fry, picturelink: null}, 58706: {instructions: In a medium bowl, use electric mixer set on medium speed beat the mascarpone cheese, 1 cup confectioners sugar and marsala until well blended. Add the creme and beat until fluffy, about 1 minute. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan over high heat combine water, remaining 12 cup of confectioners sugar and espresso powder. Bring to a boil. Stir occasionally. Remove from heat and cool. Slice pound cake 14inch thick. Have a 2 quart oval or rectangular glass or ceramic dish. Arrange slices of cake in a single layer over bottom of dish. Trimming to fit. Brush half of the cooled espresso mixture over cake. Spread half of the mascarpone mixture evenly over the top. Then repeat and do the second layer.nBrush espresso over cake slices and top with remaining cheese. Cover with plastic and refrigerate until firm. Before serving sift cocoa evenly on top. Use a large scoop to serve on plates., ingredients: [3 cups mascarpone, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup Marsala, 34 cup double cream, 23 cups water, 5 teaspoons instant espresso, 1 storebought butter pound cake], title: Tiramisu My Familys Favorite Dessert, picturelink: null}, 58707: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut the ham in a large roasting pan, fat side up. Using a sharp knife, score the ham with cuts across the skin, about 2inches apart and 12inch deep. Cut diagonally down the slashes to form a diamond pattern season the meat generously with salt and pepper. Chop about 8 of the sage leaves and put in a bowl mix with the oil to make a paste. Rub the sageoil all over the ham, being sure to get the flavor into all the slits. Bake the ham for 2 hours. Now there is plenty of time to bangout the orange glaze.nFor the glaze: Place a saucepan over medium heat. Add the chunks of butter, oranges, orange juice, brown sugar, water, and spices. Slowly cook the liquid down to a syrupy glaze this should take about 30 to 40 minutes.nAfter the ham has been going for a couple of hours, pour the orange glaze all over it, with the pieces of fruit and all. Scatter the remaining sage leaves on top and stick the ham back in the oven. Continue to cook for 1 12 hours, basting with the juices every 30 minutes.nScatter the carrots around the ham and coat in the orange glaze. Stick the ham once again back in the oven and cook for a final 30 minutes, until the carrots are tender, the ham is dark and crispy, and the whole thing is glistening with a sugary glaze.nSet the ham on a cutting board to rest before carving. Serve the carrots and orange glaze on the side., ingredients: [1 8 to 10pound smoked ham, bonein, skin on, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch fresh sage leaves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut in chunks, 2 medium navel oranges, sliced thin, seeds removed, 2 cups orange juice, 2 cups light brown sugar, packed, 1 cup water, 14 teaspoon whole cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 12 pounds peeled baby carrots], title: Orange Glazed Ham with Baby Carrots, picturelink: 4jzix0EORrD5Td1CKwp6S2jpzC5lGKW}, 58708: {instructions: Combine the garlic, ginger, scallions, honey, soy sauce, grapeseed oil and vinegar in a mixing bowl. Marinate the fish fillets in this mixture for at least 2 hours, preferably overnight, refrigerated.nTransfer the cod and marinade to a shallow pan and slowly poach the fish over low heat until it is fork tender, 10 to 20 minutes.nSlice the baguette into 18 pieces and lay out on a baking sheet. Brush with olive oil.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Remove fish to a utility platter and flake. Transfer flaked cod to a strainer set over a bowl to drain excess moisture. Discard this excess liquid and put the flaked cod into the bowl.nIn another small bowl, combine mayonnaise, scallions and relish to make a tartar sauce. Gently fold this tartar sauce into the flaked fish to help bind it.nPut the cod on the crouton and place in oven until the fish has a golden brown hue. Remove from oven and garnish with each appetizer with 18 teaspoon caviar and a small amount of parsley before serving., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger about 12ounce ginger root, scraped with the tip of a spoon, 2 to 3 scallions, minced, 1 cup honey acacia, or your choice of honey, 14 cup reduced sodium soy sauce, 14 cup teriyaki sauce, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 6 cod fillets 6 to 7 ounces each, 1 baguette loaf, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 scallions white and tender green parts only, minced, 2 teaspoons drained sweet pickle relish, 1ounce black caviar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Marinated Cod on Crouton, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 58709: {instructions: Pour grapefruit soda in a champagne flute and top with Prosecco. Garnish with zest., ingredients: [14 cup chilled sparkling grapefruit juice or pink grapefruit juice, 13 cup chilled Prosecco, 1 2inch long strip of grapefruit zest for garnish], title: Prosecco Blush, picturelink: null}, 58710: {instructions: The night before, make the French toast: smear the butter over the bottom and sides of a 13 by 9 by 2inch baking dish or other shallow 2quart baking dish. Tear the bread into small pieces and scatter in the dish.nIn a large measuring cup or small bowl, whisk the eggs and sugar until light. Add the milk and vanilla and whisk well. Pour over the bread evenly. Tamp down the bread with a spoon or spatula to submerge each piece in egg mixture. Cover with foil, gently pressing down so the foil is right on the surface of the mixture. Refrigerate overnight.nThe next morning, remove the dish and slide it into a cold oven with the foil on. Turn oven on to 350 degrees F. After 25 minutes, gently pull off and discard the foil. Continue to bake until pudding is puffed and golden brown, about 20 more minutes.nIn the meantime, prepare the spiced pears: melt butter in a wide frying pan preferably nonstick over mediumhigh heat then add the pears. Stir until pears are coated well with butter, then sprinkle sugar, cinnamon, and a good pinch of fresh nutmeg continue to cook about 3 minutes until pears begin to soften. Pour in 14 cup of maple syrup cook until bubbly then remove from heat.nTo serve, spoon bread pudding onto plates and top with spiced pears. Pass additional maple syrup at the table., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, softened, 1 loaf about 1 pound cinnamon bread, challah, brioche, or any soft, eggenriched bread, 6 large eggs, 12 cup sugar, 2 12 cups milk, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 firmripe Anjou or Comice pears, cored and cut into chunks, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Freshly grated nutmeg, Maple syrup], title: French Toast Bread Pudding with Spiced Pears, picturelink: null}, 58711: {instructions: Begin with a large pot. Saute the vegetables and chile briefly in about 2 tablespoons of vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat for 3 to 4 minutes. When the vegetables are limp, add the broth and add the garlic and cumin and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, add chicken, and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile or beforehand, fry the corn tortilla strips in 350 degree F oil for 2 minutes until crispy. Drain well on paper towels. At the Blue Corn Cafe, we always have tons of chips around so we used crushed ones for garnish on the bottom of the soup bowl...the strips are added at the top. We, of course, use white and blue corn tortillas. If for some reason the blue variety are not available where you live, I suggest you immediately draft a letter to your Congressman Yes, you can use all white or yellow tortillas.nTo finish the soup, youve got to make some slurry. Yep...this will add just a little body to the soup. With the cornstarch in a cupsized container, mix as little cold water as possible to form a thin paste. This stuff feels and looks like...well, slurry. Bring the soup back up to a boil stir with 1 hand and pour the slurry in slowly with the other. Continue to cook on high heat for a minute, then reduce to low. The soup will look cloudy at first but will clear up and thicken slightly. Remove from heat.nAdd cilantro and lime juice. Fill 8 to 12 cups or bowls about 14 full of crushed tortilla chips. Ladle soup on top. Place a handful of strips on top of each and serve. This soup without the tortillas keeps well for 3 to 4 days refrigerated. Tortillas will also keep well for a few days if sealed well and stored at room temperature. In moist climates they may require recrisping in a 350 degree F oven for a few minutes.n2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, leg, or thighn12 cup diced yellow onionn12 cup mediumdice green bell peppersn14 cup roughly chopped cilantro leavesn2 teaspoons oregano leavesn3 tablespoons finely chopped garlicn2 teaspoons saltn2 teaspoons white peppern4 cups 1 quart waternThis machaca style cooked meat is very versatile: use in tacos, enchiladas, soup, nachos, burritos, etc. Basically a process of braising, the meat and all ingredients are put together in a large pot and brought slowly to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours. If you desire, you can bake all of this in a covered dish in a 350 degree F. oven for about 3 hours for the same results. The meat should be tender to the point where it begins to shred...some of it may require quick chopping. You may want to reserve the liquid for use in soups, etc. Use the cooked meat in your dish right away or refrigerate for up to 3 days., ingredients: [12 cup each 12inch diced vegetables: yellow onion, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and tomato, 12 cup roasted green chile, cut into a small dice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more for frying, 4 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 14 teaspoon ground comino cumin, 2 cups Enchilada Chicken, recipe follows, 6 each white corn tortillas, cut into 14inch wide strips, 6 each blue corn tortillas, cut into 14inch wide strips, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Chopped cilantro leaves, as needed, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, Salt, as needed, 1 cup crushed corn tortilla chips], title: Tortilla Soup, picturelink: null}, 58712: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the thyme, parsley and rosemary. Using a sharp knife, score the entire surface of the ham in a crosshatch pattern, cutting down just through the skin to the flesh underneath. Rub the outside of the ham all over with the herb mixture, pressing it gently into the crosshatch spaces between the skin. Sprinkle the ham with salt and pepper. Set aside to marinate and come to room temperature, 45 to 60 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the herbcrusted ham in a roasting pan. Bake until the internal temperature reaches 150 degrees F on an instantread thermometer inserted near the bone, approximately 25 minutes per pound, or 2 12 to 3 12 hours. Remove from the oven to a rack. Tent the ham loosely with aluminum foil and let stand until the center of the ham registers 155 degrees to 160 degrees F on the instantread thermometer, 25 to 30 minutes.nTransfer to a cutting board and carve. Serve with roasted sweet potatoes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 12 fresh bonein ham 6 to 8 pounds, preferably shank end, with skin, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, Roasted sweet potatoes, for serving], title: Fresh Easter Ham with Herbs, picturelink: X4A69rODdAgDvn.06wNvk0el8eMokba}, 58713: {instructions: Blend 10 to 15 seconds and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [14 cup milk, 2 tablespoons soybean powder anatomy elixer, 1 teaspoon agave nectar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup coconut milk, 12 banana, 12 cup pineapple pieces, 34 cup ice], title: Coconut Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 58714: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda, cinnamon, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg in a medium bowl. In another medium bowl, with an electric mixer on medium speed, beat the eggs, sugar, brown sugar, and canola oil until light and thick. Reduce speed to low and add the flour mixture, beating just until blended. Stir in the vanilla, carrots, and walnuts until well blended.nLine 12 cup cupcake or muffin pan 23full with batter. Bake until the cupcakes are puffed and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 20 minutes. Cool the cupcakes completely.nCream Cheese Frosting:nBeat butter and cream cheese at medium speed until creamy 23 minutes. Reduce speed to low and add powdered sugar in 2 parts incorporating vanilla extract 12 way through and mix until incorporated scraping down walls with rubber spatula each time. Add cinnamon and fold by hand into frosting. Serve within 24 hours.nTo assemble:nGenerously frost each cupcake with pastry bag and cut 12inch off the tip. Add edible gold glitter stars if desired., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 large eggs, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 1 cup canola oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups grated carrots about 5, 1 cup chopped walnuts, 12 stick unsalted butter, 8 ounces cream cheese, 3 12 cups powdered sugar, 34 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: 24 Karrot Gold Cupcakes, picturelink: NCJpptdwOCM6.DaTNoZlXha1TZVgey}, 58715: {instructions: Let the cheese sit out for about 2 hours to get soft enough to spread easily.nPreheat a grill or griddle to VERY HOT to get the right char.nSeason the meat with salt and pepper. Mix and form 6 balls, then flatten each to a patty.nGrill the burgers for about 3 minutes each side. Do not press down on the patties while cooking or all the juices will squirt out and dry out the patties Toast the buns on the grill. Spread the cheese on top of the patties then place the top half of the bun on top to adhere with the cheese. Remove from the grill.nGarnish the bottom half of the bun with mayo, ketchup, pickle, red onion, tomato, and lettuce.nHave a plenty of napkins on hand. Enjoy, ingredients: [cheese, Merkts Cheddar, a block or any coldpack cheese food found in a grocery store, 2 lbs ground chuck 80 lean, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, freshly ground, 6 challah egg twist buns or soft bakery buns, toasted, Hellmanns mayonnaise, ketchup, Hunts, pickle, sliced, onion, red grilled if you like, tomato, sliced, lettuce], title: Paradise Pup Merkts Cheddar Burger, picturelink: null}, 58716: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLay out the pretzel crisps in an even layer on a baking sheet and top with the artichokes, spinach, lemon juice, Worcestershire, Parmesan, and mozzarella. Bake until the cheese is melted and everything is heated through, 10 to 15 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [5 cups pretzel crisps, 2 cups diced artichokes, 2 cups baby spinach, chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 cup shredded Parmesan, 1 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Spinach Artichoke Nachos, picturelink: null}, 58717: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.nHeat 3 tablespoons oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and onions and cook about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and red chile flakes. After a minute or so, add the chicken stock and pork and season with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook an additional 10 minutes.nWhen you are ready to serve, drop the pasta into the boiling water and cook 6 to 8 minutes. Remove the pasta and place directly into the sauce. Cook, tossing the pasta with the sauce, another 2 minutes, and then turn off the heat.nPlace the pasta into warmed bowls, spooning extra sauce over the top of each portion. Garnish with Parmesan, parsley and chile flakes. Drizzle with olive oil, if desired.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper. Using a pastry brush, spread the mixture all over the pork shoulder.nSet the meat on a rack set into a roasting pan. Roast for 20 minutes, and then reduce the heat to 325 degrees F. Continue to cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the shoulder reads 185 degrees F, about 4 hours. Remove the pork from the oven and let stand until cool enough to handle, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 white onion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon crushed red chile flakes, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 cups shredded Simple Roasted Pork Shoulder, recipe follows, 1 pound dried pappardelle pasta, Freshly grated Parmesan, for garnish, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish, Red chile flakes, for garnish, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 4 pound pork shoulder], title: Pork and Pappardelle Pasta, picturelink: EffNdXlgOqA8UioNy3ywzgM494BXuEG}, 58718: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees. Cover the bottom of a baking sheet large enough to hold the fish with parchment paper.nRinse fish inside and out with cold water and drain. Dry with paper towels. Stuff body cavity with herbs and citrus, saving a few lemon slices for garnish. Set aside.nPour 1 box of salt into a large bowl, add egg whites and water, then the second box of salt. Use your hands to work mixture to a mortarlike consistency. Lay down a 12inch thick bed for the fish to lay on with a 1inch clearance on all sides. Lay the fish on this bed and pile the remainder of the salt mortar on top. Work into a smooth dome completely encasing the fish. Dont worry if the head or tail poke out a little.nCook approximately 35 minutes. Check for doneness by pushing the probe of an instant read thermometer through the salt into the fish. When temperature reaches 130 degrees, remove from oven, and rest at room temperature for 5 minutes. Open the fish at the table by hitting the dome several times with a small hammer and lifting off the slabs of salt. Brush away any stray salt. Gently pull out dorsal back fin. Using a fish knife or serrated pie server, make a single incision all the way down the back of the fish and around the gill plate. Then lift the skin off working from the head to the tail. Remove meat from top side of fish, going down one side of the spine then the other. Grasp the tail and remove the skeleton, it should come up intact. The meat revealed below will slide right off the skin.nSprinkle meat with a little virgin oil and lemon juice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 striped bass, 5 to 6 pounds, gills removed, fins trimmed, 4 egg whites, 12 cup water, 2 3 pound boxes of kosher salt, 1 handful parsley, 1 fennel bulb, with stem quartered, Several sprigs thyme, 1 lemon, sliced thin, 12 orange, sliced thin, Olive oil], title: Striped Bass in Salt Dome, picturelink: null}, 58719: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the brie on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper and drizzle with the honey. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it starts to ooze but not melt.nServe with crackers., ingredients: [14 wheel brie, 4 tablespoons honey], title: Baked Brie, picturelink: WeFs8lrB74Z1vzJLteOWBk1CVj9CG}, 58720: {instructions: Combine the achiote, lime juice, olive oil, garlic, cumin and salt. Rub the mixture on both sides of the fish. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 2 hours. Preheat grill, brush the fish with olive oil and grill for 4 minutes on each side for mediumwell.nMix all ingredients together. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons achiote paste, 4 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, Three 8ounce snapper fillets, Eight 6ounce flour tortillas, warmed, Shredded lettuce, Avocado slices, Habanero Salsa, recipe follows, 4 small red, ripe tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup minced red onion, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon finely chopped habanero pepper, Salt], title: Fish Tacos with Habanero Salsa, picturelink: w5T63JkkjbFsTs5RmwgisQ61FnW3Q52}, 58721: {instructions: For the beerbraised chicken: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat a large skillet over high heat. Season the chicken with 1 tablespoon salt and 2 teaspoons pepper.nAdd the grapeseed oil to the skillet and sear the chicken thighs on all sides until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Do not overcrowd the pan or the chicken will steam instead of sear work in batches if necessary. Transfer the chicken to an ovensafe casserole dish with the onion, carrots and celery.nAdd the beer to the drippings in the skillet and cook, scraping up the bits on the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon, until the liquid is reduced by half. Add the chicken stock and brown sugar and bring to a simmer. Season the braising liquid with salt and pepper. Pour the braising liquid over the chicken and cover the pan with foil.nTransfer the casserole dish to the oven and cook until the chicken is tender, 45 to 60 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven, remove the foil and allow the chicken to cool in the braising liquid. Shred the chicken meat.nFor the vinaigrette: In a blender, combine the lime juice, chili sauce, vinegar, mustard, garlic and oregano and puree. Slowly add the olive and vegetable oils while the blender is running. Season the vinaigrette with salt and pepper.nFor the salad: Arrange a layer of the lettuce leaves on each plate. Spread 14 cup each of the tomatoes, olives, Cheddar and chicken over the lettuce. Drizzle with some vinaigrette and then repeat with an additional layer of lettuce, tomatoes, olives, Cheddar and chicken. Add a final drizzle of vinaigrette and serve with the guacamole, sour cream and tortilla chips on the side., ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless, skinless chicken thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black, 4 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 cup diced yellow onion, 12 cup diced carrots, 12 cup diced celery, 12 ounces IPA beer, 1 quart chicken stock, 14 cup brown sugar, 14 cup lime juice, 2 tablespoons sweet Thai chili sauce, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup vegetable oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 heads Bibb lettuce, 3 cups diced tomatoes, 3 cups black olives, sliced, 3 cups shredded Cheddar, 1 12 cups guacamole, 1 12 cups sour cream, Tortilla chips, for serving], title: Latin Chicken Salad, picturelink: sgKZBTrGoKeOY.OKRFNHkr7c8g8gqAG}, 58722: {instructions: For the dressing: Whisk the vinegar, honey, 34 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a large bowl. Gradually whisk in oil, starting with a few drops and adding the rest in a steady stream to make a smooth, slightly thick vinaigrette. Set aside.nFor the salad: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Brush the plums with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Grill the plums until slightly soft, about 1 minute per side. To get distinct grill marks, resist the temptation to move the fruit around on the pan as it cooks. Cut the plum wedges in half crosswise and toss with the dressing. Set the plums aside to marinate in the dressing for 15 minutes. The salad can be prepared up to this point 1 hour before serving.nRight before serving, toss the greens with the plums and dressing. Divide the salad among 4 serving plates and scatter the cheese and pecans over the tops., ingredients: [2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 ripe plums about 1 pound, pitted and quartered, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 cups torn escarole leaves about 12 head, 1 bunch watercress, washed, dried, and stems trimmed about 3 cups, 4 ounces aged Gouda cheese, thinly sliced, 14 cup pecan halves, toasted], title: Grilled Plum Salad with Aged Gouda and Pecans, picturelink: null}, 58723: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the dressing: Smear the garlic paste over the inside of the salad bowl. Put the anchovies, egg yolks, mustard, lemon juice, and water into a blender and process for 30 seconds until the mixture is smooth. With the blender running, pour the olive oil in slowly for the dressing to emulsify. Stir in the Parmesan, a pinch of salt and a couple of grinds of black pepper set aside. Refrigerate the dressing if you will not be using it right away.nAssemble the salad: Tear the lettuce into a large bowl. Add enough dressing to coat the salad to your liking. Add some extra Parmesan and toss the salad well. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, smashed with a pinch of salt and a little olive oil, 4 anchovy fillets, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads romaine lettuce], title: Caesar Salad, picturelink: LEmfnYLP21P6XdBkmuWw2lKUDnZqiZO}, 58724: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two sheet pans with parchment paper.nPlace the oats, flour, brown sugar, and kosher salt in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse for 45 to 60 seconds, until the oats are coarsely ground. Add the butter and pulse 15 to 20 times, until the butter is the size of peas.nDissolve the baking soda in the lukewarm water and drizzle it over the crumbs in the food processor. Pulse until the mixture is evenly moistened and can be pressed into balls that will hold together.nWith a medium 1 34inch ice cream scoop or two spoons, scoop the dough into your hands and roll them into round balls. Evenly space 12 balls on the prepared sheet pans. Flour the bottom of a flatbottomed 3inchdiameter drinking glass and use it to flatten each cracker to 18 inch thick and about 3 inches in diameter. The crackers will not be perfectly round. If there is a lot of flour on the crackers, turn them over with a metal spatula. Sprinkle with the fleur de sel and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown on the edges. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [3 cups oldfashioned oats, such as Quaker, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 pound 2 sticks cold unsalted butter, 12inchdiced, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 14 cup lukewarm water, Fleur de sel], title: English Oat Crackers, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 58725: {instructions: How to Bone and Tie a Salmon Steak into a Medallion:nPull any pin bones from a salmon steak with a small pair of pliers. Slide a paring knife along the inside of the bones lining the stomach flaps. Cut along the small bones running up toward the back of the salmon steak. Cut all the way to the back of the steak up to, but not through, the skin. Repeat on the other side of the steak so that the central bone is completely separated from the 2 halves of the steak. Carefully cut off 2 inches of the skin that wraps around 1 of the stomach flaps and fold the flap up in toward the center of the steak. Wrap the remaining stomach flap around the outside of the steak and tie into a round, or medallion, with string.nHow to Poach a Small Fish in Cheesecloth:nh Poaching doesnt interfere with the fishs delicate flavor.nh It requires no fat.nh You can use any pan that it deeper enough to submerge the fish.nh Small fish can be poached on the bone or off.nRub the inside of a boned trout with chopped fresh herbs.nWrap the fish in a double layer of cheesecloth:nh Wrapping helps hold a boned fish hold its shape.nh Also makes it easy to pull it out of the hot liquid.nh If the fish is stuffed, it helps hold the stuffing in place.nTie the cheesecloth at both ends with string.nSlide the trout into an oval saute pan with just enough liquid to cover:nh The liquid should be brought to a simmer before adding fish.nh Check for doneness of fish after cooking for about 7 minutes per inch of thickness.nh Remove the skin from the fish while the fish is still hot. If you wait until the fish has cooled, it will stick.nHow to Clean Squid:nCut the tentacles off below the eye but be sure not to cut them too far down, or they will come apart. Fold back the tentacles slightly and push out the beak and any grit caught in the small center opening. Pull the innards out from the hood. Reach into the hood and pull out any remaining innards. Rinse out the hood. Pull out the small plasticlike quill that runs along the inside of the hood. Cut off the small fin on 1 side of the hood and cut it into strips. To remove the purple skin, start by scraping the covering off with a knife. Removing the purple skin makes the squid more attractive but less flavorful. Continue peeling the skin off with your fingers. Unless youre stuffing the hood, slice it into rings. If the tentacle bunches are large, cut them into 2 or more pieces through the top., ingredients: [], title: TechniquesFish, picturelink: null}, 58726: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line 2 sheet pans with parchment paper.nGrate 2 ounces of the Parmesan using the side of the box grater that finely grinds the cheese and then grate 2 ounces of the Parmesan using the side of the box grater that makes long shreds of cheese, and then mix them together. Drop rounded tablespoons of the grated Parmesan on the parchment paper to make neat mounds. Bake in the oven for 6 minutes until golden. Cool slightly and loosen with a metal spatula. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [4 ounces Parmesan cheese], title: Parmesan Crisps, picturelink: null}, 58727: {instructions: For the artichokes, fill a bowl with water, and squeeze in the juice of half the lemon. Take each artichoke, and remove all outer leaves, and discard. Slice the stem of the artichokes down to 1inch length, and using a knife, peel away all the outer skin. Rub generously with the remaining lemon. Cut the remaining leaves at the bottom of the base, exposing the hairy choke. With a spoon, scoop out the choke, and discard. Rub the entire surface of the artichoke with lemon, and place in the water. Repeat this process for all the artichokes. Working quickly, slice each artichoke into 4 quarters, and return the pieces to the water. Set aside.nPlace 2 cups of vegetable oil in a heavy saucepan, and heat over medium heat.nTo make the vinaigrette, add the vermouth to a saucepan and cook over medium heat until reduced by 34 the alcohol will probably catch on fire, but do not worry. Add the clam juice and continue to reduce until mixture equals 1 cup. Add the clams, cover pot, and steam until barely open.nImmediately remove the clams to a small bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap, and refrigerate. Strain the liquid through cheesecloth, rinse pan, and return liquid to pan. Add the shallots, and reduce until mixture has thickened slightly, about 14 cup. Add the olive oil, tomatoes, a drop of lemon juice, chopped parsley, and set aside in a warm spot.nRemove clams from shells, and season them lightly with salt. Set aside.nDrain the artichokes and add them to the oil, and cook gently for 10 minutes. They will bubble vigorously as the moisture evaporates. The artichokes will be done when golden and slightly wrinkled test one to be sure. Remove from oil, season with salt, and set aside.nTo serve, place a small pile of artichokes in the center of four plates. Place 5 clams around each pile, and spoon the vinaigrette over them. Sprinkle top with toasted almonds, and garnish with a few drops of lemon juice, sliced pearl onions, and sprinkle with chives. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 large artichokes, 2 lemons, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 bottle dry vermouth, 8 ounces clam juice, 20 manila clams, washed and scrubbed, 2 large shallots, minced, 14 cup olive oil, 4 Roma tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 8 leaves flat parsley, 1 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 4 pearl onions, peeled and sliced, 12 chives, minced, 12 cup slivered and toasted almonds], title: Artichoke Confit with Almonds, Manila Clams, and Vermouth, picturelink: null}, 58728: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small, microwavesafe bowl, combine peanut butter and chocolate syrup. Microwave on HIGH 15 seconds, or until warm and melted. Stir to combine. Spoon frozen yogurt or ice cream into individual dessert bowls. Spoon peanutchocolate sauce over frozen yogurt just before serving., ingredients: [14 cup chunky peanut butter, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup or chocolate fudge sauce, 2 cups frozen yogurt or ice cream any flavor], title: Frozen Yogurt with Chunky Peanut Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: y1oIZANx7LV3eG3u8pZBNveTy26ApS}, 58729: {instructions: Season the duck breast with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Brown the duck breast, skin side first, then flip over, reduce heat and cook other side, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove the duck breasts to a platter, reserving the juices in the pan. Work in batches, if necessary.nTo make the sauce, add the balsamic vinegar and red wine to the pan and cook until reduced by half. Add the stock and reduce by half again, then add brown sugar, rosemary and berries and cook for 3 minutes. Strain into a bowl and whisk in the butter to finish. Place the duck breast on each plate and drizzle the sauce around., ingredients: [6 large boneless duck breast fillets, skin on, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 cup red wine, 1 cup chicken or duck stock, 13 cup brown sugar, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 2 cups berries: blueberries, raspberries, or blackberries, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Duck Breast with Berry Sauce, picturelink: vpwezuaxmuMwfr8jK8oSY5w4AWw5vpm}, 58730: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8inch square baking pan with glutenfree cooking spray.nFor the flour blend: Whisk together the rice flour, tapioca flour, potato starch, xanthan gum and salt in a large bowl. Reserve the remaining flour blend for another use.nFor the brownies: Whisk together the sugar, baking powder, salt and 12 cup of the glutenfree flour blend in in a small bowl. In a medium microwavable bowl, combine the chocolate chips, oil, cocoa powder, cinnamon, cayenne and 3 tablespoons water. Microwave on medium power until the chips are almost melted, about 30 seconds. Whisk until smooth. Let cool to room temperature, about 3 minutes.nWhisk the eggs into the chocolate mixture until the batter is smooth and shiny. Whisk in the flour mixture just until blended. Spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan. Bake until set, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 3 cups white rice flour, 1 12 cups tapioca flour, 34 cup potato starch, 1 tablespoon xanthan gum, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup maple sugar powder, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons chocolate chips, 13 cup canola oil, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste, 3 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Spicy Cinnamon Hot Cocoa Brownies, picturelink: UQWSBstQx8oMvE98hfsUhRghx0yV5e}, 58731: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the rice with enough very hot tap water to cover. Stir and let sit for about 10 minutes. Drain, rinse in cold water, and drain again, shaking thoroughly. In a blender, combine the tomatoes, onion, and garlic and blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the container as necessary. Set aside.nIn a large heavy saucepan, heat the oil over medium high heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring occasionally, until the rice turns a light golden color, about 10 minutes. Do not let it scorch. Add the tomato puree and fry, scraping the bottom of the pan to stop the mixture from sticking, for 6 to 8 minutes, or until all the liquid has been absorbed. Add the chicken broth, carrots, zucchini, and giblets, if using. Stir in the salt and reduce the heat to medium low. Cook the rice uncovered and undisturbed until almost all of the broth has evaporated and little air holes form in the surface. Cover the top of the pan with a towel and the lid, reduce the heat to very low, and cook for 5 minutes more. Remove the pan from the heat and let rest for 10 minutes more, so that the rice can absorb the steam and swell. Just before serving, turn the rice over from the bottom so that the juices are redistributed., ingredients: [1 12 cups unconverted long grain rice, 8 ounces tomatoes, roughly chopped with the skin on, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, coarsely chopped, 13 cup vegetable oil, chicken fat, or lard, 3 12 cups light chicken broth, 12 medium carrot, cut into 14 inch dice, 12 zucchini, cut into 38 inch dice, 12 cup chopped poultry hearts and gizzards optional, 34 teaspoon salt], title: Mexican Rice, picturelink: null}, 58732: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 3inch 9inch springform pan a 10 by 15inch jellyroll pannPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom of the springform pan and line with parchment or waxed paper. Set aside.nTo make the base: Beat together the butter and sugar by hand until light and fluffy. Beat in the yolk until smooth. Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. With a rubber spatula, gently fold into the butter mixture. The mixture will be crumbly.nTransfer the dough into the prepared springform pan and use your hands to pat it down evenly and firmly over the bottom. Bake for about 25 minutes, until the crust is golden and baked through. Transfer to a rack and cool base completely.nTo make the filling: Combine the rum and lemon juice in a medium, heatproof bowl, and sprinkle the gelatin over the surface. Allow to soak for 5 minutes, then place the bowl over a small pan of gently simmering water and stir several times to melt the gelatin, about 1 minute. Remove the bowl from the pan and cool the gelatin slightly.nIn the bowl of a heavyduty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese at medium speed until soft and light, scraping the bowl and beaters often. Beat in the cream until smooth. Combine the egg whites and sugar in the clean, dry bowl of the electric mixer and heat over simmering water, whisking constantly, until the egg whites are hot and sugar is dissolved. Attach the bowl to the mixer and whip with the whisk attachment at medium speed until cold and firm. Beat 14 of the cream cheese mixture into the dissolved gelatin, then beat the gelatin mixture into the remaining cream cheese. Fold in the meringue in several additions. Pour the filling into the prepared pan and refrigerate until at least 6 hours or overnight.nTo prepare the almonds: Position the rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F.nPut the almonds in a jellyroll pan, pour the egg whites over them, and rub the almonds between the palms of your hands to coat evenly. Stir in the sugar. Bake for about 20 minutes, stirring often, until the almonds are well toasted and sugar has caramelized slightly. Cool, and store in a tin or jar at room temperature until ready to use.nTo make the glaze: Combine the water and lemon juice in a small bowl and sprinkle the gelatin over the surface. Allow to soak for 5 minutes.nBring the jelly to a boil and add the gelatin mixture. Return to a boil, and remove from heat. Add the food coloring and pour over the chilled cheesecake. Chill again to set the glaze.nTo unmold the cheesecake, run a knife or thin spatula around the inside of the pan pressing the knife against the pan, not the cake. Unbuckle the pan side and lift off. Leave the cake on the base, or run a spatula under the cake base and slide the cake onto a platter. Press the sugared almonds around the sides.nKeep refrigerated until time to serve. To serve, cut the cake into wedges with a knife warmed in hot water and wiped dry, refrigerate leftovers., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup allpurpose flour spoon flour into drymeasure cup and level off, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons white rum, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 envelope gelatin, 1 12 pounds cream cheese, softened, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 large egg whites, 23 cup sugar, 1 cup 4 ounces sliced blanched almonds, 1 tablespoon beaten egg white, 12 cup sugar, Lemon Glaze:, 13 cup water, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 envelope unflavored gelatin, 23 cup apple jelly, A drop yellow food coloring], title: Lemon and Almond Unbaked Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 58733: {instructions: For Fish Fumet: Place water, fish bones, celery tops, leek, onion, bay leaf, peppercorns and thyme in saucepan over moderate heat. Bring to a boil, then simmer for 20 minutes, skimming frequently. Strain.nDrain potatoes and boil in fresh, salted water for 20 minutes. When soft, drain off water and return to same pan on low heat to evaporate excess water. Remove from heat and mash thoroughly. Add a little butter, white pepper and some warm milk. Season with dill, parsley and paprika. Cover to keep warm and set aside.nFor sauce: Melt remaining butter in saucepan and stir in flour. Cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes over low heat. Add remaining milk and cider, stir thoroughly, increase to a boil and cook for 3 minutes, then reduce heat.nMeanwhile, in frying pan, add scallops and 34 cup fish fumet. Poach for 6 minutes until scallops are done. Set scallops aside. Add poaching liquid to sauce and stir. Reduce heat and simmer gently.nIn another frying pan, add some clarified butter. Add mushrooms and lemon juice and sprinkle with paprika. Cook gently. Season with white pepper. Stir mushrooms into sauce. Pour into the pan with the scallops.nPreheat broiler. To serve, cover the sides of a heatproof serving platter or casserole with some of the mashed potatoes and pour in the scallop and mushroom mixture. Put remaining mashed potatoes in a pastry bag and pipe potatoes around the rim. Sprinkle with cheese and broil until brown, about 4 minutes., ingredients: [3 cups cold water, 1 pound fish bones, rinsed, 4 celery tops, 1 small leek, shredded, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 bay leaf, 4 white peppercorns, Pinch thyme, 2 12 pounds potatoes, peeled and stored in cold water to cover, 3 tablespoons butter, Freshly ground white pepper, 12 cup warm milk, 1 tablespoon dill, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons parsley, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon paprika, 38 cup flour, sifted, 12 cup cider, 1 pound scallops, Clarified butter, 1 can small button mushrooms, drained, 1 lemon, juiced, Paprika, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese], title: Coquilles St Jacques au Cidre, picturelink: null}, 58734: {instructions: Special equipment: a biscuit cutternPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Add the flour, powdered milk, cream cheese, butter, sugar, baking powder and salt to a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and mix on low speed until the flour resembles coarse cornmeal. With the mixer running, slowly add the buttermilk and mix until a dough forms. Increase the speed to medium and mix until the dough starts to stick to the sides of the mixing bowl. Stop the mixer.nAdd the Cheddar and mix on low speed until incorporated, about 10 seconds. You dont want to break up the cheese.nPlace the dough on a floured rolling surface and knead it 25 times, until the dough is soft and doesnt stick to your hands or the board. Roll out the dough to 34inch thickness and cut out 36 biscuits with a biscuit cutter, transferring the biscuits to the prepared baking sheets.nBake the biscuits, rotating the baking sheets halfway through, until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Serve with butter and jam., ingredients: [7 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups dry powdered milk, 1 pound cream cheese, cold, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus chilled butter for serving, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons table salt, 3 12 cups buttermilk, 3 cups shredded Cheddar, Jam, for serving], title: From Scratch Cheddar Cheese Biscuits, picturelink: null}, 58735: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nTear the bread by hand into large, bite size pieces and spread out in a single layer on a sheet pan. Place the bread in the oven until it is dry and toasted, about 15 minutes. Remove the bread and place into a large mixing bowl. Mix in the pineapple chunks, cranberries, chestnuts, sage and thyme. Set aside. Cut the sausage into 14 inch rounds. In a large sautu00e9 pan over medium high heat, add the oil and brown the sausage. Once the sausage is browned, drain any excess fat from the pan and add the onions and celery to the sausage, allowing them to sweat, about 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for another 3 minutes. Add the sausage mixture to the bread. Pour the milk and stock over the bread and sausage mixture, stirring to incorporate. Fill each half of a pineapple with the stuffing mixture and bake at 350 degrees F for 30 to 40 minutes or until the top of the stuffing has nicely browned. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 loaves sweet Hawaiian bread or egg bread, 1 cup pineapple chunks, fresh, canned or dried, 1 cup cranberries, fresh, canned or dried, 1 cup chestnuts, toasted, cleaned and chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh sage, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 pound link turkey, chicken or pork sausage, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 2 medium onions, diced, 5 stalks celery, diced, 5 cloves garlic, minced, 1 cup whole milk, 1 cup chicken or vegetable stock, 2 pineapples, centers hollowed out], title: Hawaiian Sweet Bread Holiday Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 58736: {instructions: Clean mussels by scrubbing their shells with a brush while rinsing under cold running water. If necessary, use a paring knife to tug and cut out weedy beards coming out of the bottom of the shells. Pick through mussels and discard any with broken or open shells that wont close when you tap them. Heat a large, dry skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add mussels, shallot, garlic and tomatoes and stir to combine. Cook for two minutes and then add beer and continue cooking and stirring until shells open, about another four minutes.nTransfer mussels to serving bowls with a slotted spoon and continue to simmer liquid to reduce it slightly, scraping up any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Remove pan from heat and swirl in butter. Stir in chervil or tarragon if using. Pour broth over mussels, sprinkle pretzel crumbs over each portion if using and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 lbs. mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, cored and chopped, 1 cup wheat beer or pale ale, 12cup fish stock or bottled clam juice, 1 Tbs. unsalted butter, 1 Tbs. chopped fresh chervil or chives, optional, 12cup sourdough pretzel crumbs, optional], title: BeerSteamed Mussels, picturelink: null}, 58737: {instructions: Mix oil and garlic. In a large bowl, toss the oil with all the vegetables and season well with salt and pepper. On a hot grill, mark and cook the vegetables. Place all the vegetables back in same bowl and seal with plastic wrap to finish cooking. When the vegetables are cool chop everything except the scallions into small pieces and pour any leftover liquid into the vegetable stock. In a 1 quart saucier, add a little butter and saute the shallots. Add the barley and saute for 5 minutes until the barley gets a little toasty. Ladle in stock, one ladle at a time, like making risotto. Continue adding stock until the barley gets creamy. Season. Add back the vegetables and heat thoroughly. Add the cheese. Check for seasoning.nIn a large pasta bowl, place a mound of barley on the top half of the plate. Slice the Marinated Portobello Mushrooms like it was a steak. Fan out in front of barley and garnish with Basil Oil and basil sprig.nMix all together, taste for seasoning and marinate mushroom caps for 1 hour. On a very hot grill, mark and cook caps until hot in the middle.nIn very salted water, blanch basil and spinach for 30 seconds, or until very soft, yet still green. Plunge in ice bath and squeeze out water. Blend at high speed and add salt and the oil. Cover blender and blend for 3 to 4 minutes or until the cup becomes warm., ingredients: [12 cup canola oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 zucchini, sliced lengthwise, 14inch thick, 1 red onion, sliced in rings, 14inch thick, 1 eggplant, sliced lengthwise, 14inch thick, 1 red bell pepper, deseeded and sliced, 4 scallions, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 minced shallots, 2 to 3 cups hot vegetable stock, 2 cups barley, 13 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, Salt and black pepper, Marinated Portobello Steaks, recipe follows, Basil Oil, recipe follows, Basil sprigs, for garnish, 4 large portobello caps, destemmed, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup thin soy sauce, 13 cup canola oil, 13 cup red wine, 1 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 2 cups basil leaves, 1 cup spinach, 1 cup canola oil, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Grilled Vegetable Barley Risotto with Marinated Portobello Steak, picturelink: null}, 58738: {instructions: Soak 1 12 cups basmati rice in cold water, 15 minutes drain. Heat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add 2 teaspoons cumin seeds cook 30 seconds. Add 1 chopped onion and cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Add 2 14 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, the rice and 3 strips lemon zest. Bring to a simmer, cover and cook over low heat, 15 minutes. Let stand off the heat, 10 minutes. Stir in 14 cup toasted sliced almonds, and lemon juice to taste.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [], title: LemonCumin Rice, picturelink: UCK6MCK1Crghee3suQykSd2Re0tY.Cm}, 58739: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill pan over high heat.nCoat the chicken in extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill about 12 minutes, turning occasionally, then set aside.nBring water in saucepot to a boil for the pasta. Salt the water, add pasta and undercook by 1 minute.nWhile the pasta cooks, melt 6 tablespoons butter in a separate saucepot. Spoon out 12 and toss with the panko to moisten. Combine with 12 the grated Pecorino and reserve. To the remaining melted butter, add the garlic and anchovy paste, lots of coarse black pepper, stir 2 minutes then whisk in flour then stock, milk, and Worcestershire, thicken until it coats a spoon, then stir in the remaining half of the grated Pecorino.nDrain the pasta. Halve the chicken breasts lengthwise, then thinly slice and combine with the pasta and sauce, transfer to a casserole and top with the bread crumbs. Cool and store for makeahead meal.nTo reheat: Reheat, covered, in a hot 425 degree F oven to warm through, then uncover to brown.nServe with shredded escarole or romaine and dress with lemon juice and extravirgin olive oil. Serve alongside Chicken Caesar Mac., ingredients: [1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, Extravirgin olive oil, for liberal drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound penne pasta or whole wheat penne, 6 tablespoons butter, 1 cup panko Japanese bread crumbs, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon anchovy paste, 3 rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups freshly shredded Pecorino cheese, 1 head escarole or romaine, shredded, 1 lemon], title: Grilled Chicken Caesar Mac, picturelink: U28B6mUGa0HQDi1A1Rm0REh5DYIuRJ6}, 58740: {instructions: Partially debone the chicken halves, removing the wing, backbone and thighbone. Rinse and pat dry. Refrigerate, uncovered, at least 30 minutes to dry out the skin.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat a large nonstick skillet preferably cast iron over medium heat and add the oil and butter. Lay the chicken halves, skinside down, in the skillet and scatter the thyme around them. Wrap a slightly smaller skillet with foil and place on top of the chicken. Set a large brick or 2 to 3 heavy cans in the skillet to weigh it down.nCook the chicken 3 to 5 minutes, then remove the top skillet and check the skin adjust the heat and rotate the pan as needed so the skin browns evenly. Replace the top skillet and continue to cook until the skin is golden and crisp and the chicken is cooked about threequarters of the way through, 20 to 25 more minutes. Remove the top skillet and carefully flip the chicken. Cook, uncovered, until the chicken is cooked through, 8 to 10 more minutes. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest 5 minutes. Cut each piece in half to serve.nPhotograph by Tina Rupp, ingredients: [3 chicken halves, breast and rib bones intact 1 12 to 1 34 pounds each, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, 5 to 6 sprigs thyme], title: Brick Chicken, picturelink: SpTXRruBHrvHbvFgcmYdkU7moKjQvla}, 58741: {instructions: In a blender process six coffee cubes, frozen yogurt, chocolate syrup, Irish cream and milk until smooth. Serve in a tall glass., ingredients: [1 tray of frozen coffee cubes, 3 scoops frozen coffee yogurt, 3 tablespoons chocolate syrup, 14 cup Baileys Irish Cream, 12 cup milk], title: Irish Mocha Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 58742: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the oats, coconut, almonds, and cherries together in a large bowl. Pour the vegetable oil and honey over the oat mixture. Add the cinnamon, and stir with a wooden spoon until all the oats and nuts are coated with the liquids. Pour onto a sheet pan. Bake, stirring occasionally with a spatula, until the mixture turns a nice, even golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove the granola from the oven and allow to cool, stirring occasionally. Store the cooled granola in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 cups sweetened, shredded coconut, 2 cups sliced almonds, 1 12 cups dried cherries, chopped, 12 cup vegetable oil, 13 cup good honey, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Cherry, Almond and Cinnamon Granola, picturelink: null}, 58743: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place the chips on a cookie sheet and put them in oven for 4 to 5 minutes.nWhen oil is visible on the chips, take them out of the oven, and sprinkle with some of the spice rub. Let them cool and serve.nPut the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a heavy pan over medium heat. Watch carefully, tossing frequently so the seeds toast evenly. When light brown and fragrant, pour the seeds onto a plate to cool. They must be cool before grinding, or they will gum up the blades.nPour the seeds into a blender and add the salt. Blend to a fine powder, shaking the blender occasionally to redistribute the seeds. Store in a tightly sealed glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze.nYield: 1 14 cups, ingredients: [2 bags plain potato chips, Fennel Spice Rub, recipe follows, 1 cup fennel seeds, 3 tablespoons coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons white peppercorns, 3 tablespoons kosher salt], title: Fennel Spice Chips, picturelink: null}, 58744: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a 10inch heavy skillet over moderate heat, stirring frequently until crisp, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the bacon to paper towels to drain, leaving the fat in the pan. Add the ham and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the corn, lima beans and the white parts of the scallions and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes. Add 12 cup water, scraping up the brown bits on the bottom of the pan. Simmer until the vegetables are tender and most of the water has reduced, 5 to 8 minutes. Stir in the bacon, scallion greens and season with salt and pepper.nBYOC: Try adding some red or orange peppers for some extra color., ingredients: [2 thickcut slices bacon, cut crosswise into 14inch wide strips, 1 12ounce small ham steak, diced, 2 cups fresh corn kernels from 2 to 3 ears, or 1 10ounce package frozen corn, thawed, 1 pound fresh lima beans in pods, shelled 1 12 cups, or 1 10ounce package frozen baby lima beans, thawed, 1 bunch scallions, cut crosswise into 13inch pieces, white and pale green parts separate, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Piggy Succotash, picturelink: DNWCp8g9TshXxz35uswaKXL2.VV4i}, 58745: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, toss chicken with all of the seasonings. Cover with plastic wrap, and allow chicken to marinate for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat a grill or a large grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Grill chicken on each side for 1 to 2 minutes per side. If your pan is not ovensafe, then transfer chicken to a baking dish and let finish cooking in the oven for 7 to 9 minutes, or until fully cooked through. Let the chicken cool, slice it into julienne strips, and reserve.nHeat a pan of canola oil until the temperature of the oil reaches 375 degrees F. Fry the tortilla strips until crisp, about 2 minutes. With a spider or slotted spoon, remove the strips from the pan and let drain on a paper towel.nIn a large mixing bowl, toss the lettuce, onions, and tomatoes with 1 cup of the Tomatillo Vinaigrette. Toss until all ingredients are well mixed. Divide the lettuce mixture evenly among 4 dinner plates or individual salad bowls. Arrange 4 tomato quarters around the edge of each salad.nIn a circular pattern, arrange the chicken atop each salad, alternated with the avocado and poblano slices in between. Sprinkle about 14 cup cheese over each salad. Drizzle the remaining vinaigrette over the chicken and vegetables. Garnish with the tortilla strips and cilantro.nAdd the tomatillos to a pot of simmering water, and blanch for 5 minutes. Drain the tomatillos into a colander, and allow them to cool slightly.nIn blender, combine all of the ingredients except the oil. Puree the mixture for 15 seconds, and then continue blending for 30 seconds, slowly drizzling in the olive oil through the top until the dressing emulsifies., ingredients: [6 6ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, Canola oil, for frying tortillas, 6 to 8 corn tortillas, cut into 1inch strips, 2 heads romaine hearts, washed and chopped, 2 red onions, sliced 18inch thick, 4 plum tomatoes, quartered lengthwise, 1 cup Tomatillo Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 large avocados, peeled, pitted, and sliced, 2 poblano chiles, roasted, peeled, seeded, and julienned, 1 cup crumbled queso fresco or feta cheese, Fresh chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 pound tomatillos, husked, 4 jalapenos, roasted, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves chopped, 4 cloves garlic, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 lime, juiced, Salt, 1 cup olive oil], title: Pecos Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 58746: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Slice the potatoes into coins between 18 and 14inch thick. In a large sauce pot combine the potatoes, milk, a little nutmeg, salt and 1 12 tablespoons raw butter. Bring to a boil over moderate heat, stirring occasionally to keep potatoes from sticking to the bottom and scorching. Lower heat and cook another 10 minutes or less until potatoes are tender, but not falling apart. Check the potatoes as soon as the milk boils, as they may be ready before you expect. Remove potatoes from the hot milk. Rub the bottom of the gratin dish with the garlic and the remaining butter. Transfer half the potatoes to the baking dish, sprinkle with very little nutmeg, pepper, half the cheese and cream. Top with remaining potatoes the top potatoes with the remaining cheese and cream. Bake 45 minutes covered then remove cover and bake about another 15 minutes until they are crisp and golden on top., ingredients: [3 pounds Russet potatoes, peeled, Whole milk, to cook potatoes, Freshly grated nutmeg, Salt, 3 tablespoons raw butter, 1 12 cups grated gruyere, White pepper, to taste, 2 cloves fresh garlic, cut in half lengthwise, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Potato Gratin, picturelink: null}, 58747: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the jalapeno, garlic, thyme and half of the onion. Cook, stirring, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the chicken, 1 teaspoon salt and 34 cup water. Bring to a boil, then cover and cook until the chicken is tender, about 6 minutes.nRemove the chicken to a plate. Transfer the cooking liquid and vegetables to a blender add the tomatoes and allspice and puree with the lid ajar. Wipe out the skillet, add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and place over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomato mixture and cook until slightly reduced, 6 minutes. Pour into a baking dish.nBrush the tortillas with olive oil and put on a baking sheet bake 5 minutes. Shred the chicken. Top each tortilla with chicken and cheese, then roll up and arrange in the baking dish, seamside down, spooning some sauce on top. Bake until the cheese melts, 4 minutes.nToss the herbs, remaining onion, and salt to taste. Sprinkle on top.nPer serving: Calories 452 Fat 23 g Saturated 9 g Cholesterol 74 mg Sodium 852 mg Carbohydrate 35 g Fiber 4 g Protein 27 gnPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 to 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and sliced, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 teaspoon dried thyme or 1 12 teaspoons fresh thyme, 1 medium white onion, minced, 12 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast, halved lengthwise, Kosher salt, 3 to 4 tomatoes about 1 12 pounds, cored and roughly chopped, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 8 corn tortillas, 1 12 cups shredded muenster cheese about 6 ounces, 1 cup mixed fresh parsley and cilantro, chopped], title: Light Chicken Enchiladas, picturelink: IB9SySbTEmeDrlpLUqz1uRH9FdmfWi}, 58748: {instructions: Melt the butter in a heated pot and stir in the flour. Cook gently. Gradually whisk in the fish stock and bring to a boil. Stir in the white wine and season with salt and pepper. Reduce heat and simmer gently. In another saucepan, poach the salmon in the cream over low heat about 10 minutes. Drain the cream from the cooked fish and add to the fish sauce. Pour half of the sauce into a bowl and flake the fish into it, removing all the bones. Spoon the mixture into the center of the crepes and fold over. Place on a serving dish and pour the remainder of the sauce over the top. Sprinkle the cheese on top and place under the broiler to brown., ingredients: [4 12 teaspoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 38 cup fish stock, 14 cup dry white wine, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 4 ounces fresh salmon cutlet, 12 cup whipping cream, 2 crepes, homemade or store bought, 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese], title: Crepes au Salmon Vin Blanc, picturelink: null}, 58749: {instructions: COOK and stir cherry pie filling and raspberries in mediumsized saucepan until heated through. Stir in sweetened condensed milk cook and stir 1 additional minute. SPOON into 2quart square baking dish or into 6 individual dessert dishes. Sprinkle with granola. Serve warm. VARIATIONS PEACH BERRY CRUMBLE: SUBSTITUTE peach pie filling for cherry pie filling. CHERRYRHUBARB CRUMBLE: SUBSTITUTE fresh or frozen sliced rhubarb for raspberries. Cook and stir pie filling and rhubarb in mediumsized saucepan until bubbly. Cook and stir an additional 5 minutes. Proceed as above.nCalories 580,Total Fat Grams14.8,Calories From Fat 133,Saturated Fat Grams 6.1,Saturated Fat Grams Pct DailyValue 31,CholesterolMilligrams 23,SodiumMilligrams 119,Sodium Milligrams Pct Daily Value 5,Potassium Milligrams 331,Potassium Milligrams Pct Daily Value 9,Total Carbohydrates Grams 69.6,Total Carbohydrates Grams Pct Daily Value 22,Dietary Fiber Grams 6.6,Dietary Fiber Grams Pct Daily Value 26,Sugars Grams 55,Protein Grams 8,Protein Grams Pct Daily Value 16,Vitamin A Pct Daily Value 5,Calcium Pct Daily Value 6,Thiamin Pct Daily Value 26,Niacin Pct Daily Value 15,Vitamin C Pct Daily Value 24,Folate Pct Daily Value 23,Magnesium Pct Daily Value 25,nNutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based on available nutrient data., ingredients: [1 21 oz. can cherry pie filling, 2 cups fresh or frozen raspberries, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 1 12 cups granola], title: CherryBerry Crumble, picturelink: null}, 58750: {instructions: For the pesto: In a food processor fitted with a steel blade, pulse the basil and mint 3 to 4 times or until chopped, then add the pine nuts and salt and pulse an additional 2 to 3 times. Add the garlic and cheese, pulse 2 times. With the food processor running, slowly add the oil to blend, this should take 1 minute. Dont overpulse or puree this will result in a brown liquid sauce, not a bright herb pesto.nFor the pork: To butterfly the pork, place each loin on a cutting board and slice lengthwise through the center, about 3 inches deep, but not cutting all the way through, until it opens to form a 10 by 10inch square.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the inside of both loins with salt and pepper and evenly spread the pesto, leaving a 2inch border on all sides. Sprinkle with feta and top with spinach. Roll tightly lengthwise. With butchers twine, tie several knots around the stuffed loins, 4 to 5 times, to ensure even cooking.nHeat the oil in a heavy bottomed saute pan over high heat, season the outside of the loins with salt and pepper, and sear on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove from the pan and place the loins on a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the internal temperature reaches 165 degrees F. Allow to rest for 5 to 10 minutes before slicing and serving., ingredients: [1 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, 14 cup olive oil, 2 3 pound pork loins, 10 to 12inches long, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 cups fresh spinach, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil], title: Spinach and MintBasil PestoStuffed Pork Loin, picturelink: FwcfjEjsLBaBP7TCTq3BgHYfIspTiqO}, 58751: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nTo make the bread bowl, slice off the top 14 of the bread with a serrated knife and set aside. Hollow out the loaf by cutting a circle around the inside of the bread leaving a 1inch border. Pull the soft bread out with your hands, making sure to leave about a 1inch border at the bottom of the bowl as well. Cube the bread you removed and set it aside for dipping.nPlace the bread bowl on a baking sheet and place in the oven until it is heated through and golden on the inside, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, to make the fondue, combine the Gouda and Emmentaler cheeses with the cornstarch in a medium bowl. Toss with your fingers until the cheese strands are coated.nCombine the beer and 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice in a medium nonreactive saucepan over medium heat until it is steaming but not simmering, 2 to 3 minutes. Add the cheese in large handfuls, stirring with a wooden spoon. Continue cooking and stirring until all the cheese is melted, about 5 minutes. Once smooth, stir in the mustard and the remaining 1 tablespoon lemon juice. Season with salt.nRemove the bread bowl from the oven and let it cool slightly, about 5 minutes. Rub the inside all over with the cut sides of the garlic clove. Pour the hot fondue into the warm bread bowl. Serve with the apples, pears and the reserved bread cubes., ingredients: [1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, split, 2 apples, cut into wedges, 2 ripe pears, cut into wedges, 1 12pound round loaf crusty bread, 8 ounces Gouda cheese, shredded, 8 ounces Swiss Emmentaler cheese, shredded, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, One 12ounce bottle lager beer, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: GoudaandBeer Fondue Bread Bowl, picturelink: Oh2Eq4UF9j7e81RfzR3C0ms12W7Xhq}, 58752: {instructions: Using the metal blade of your Food Processor, place parsley in work bowl and process until finely chopped remove and reserve. Add shallot and pulse to chop finely, about 10 pulses. Heat butter in a Cuisinart nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add shallot and cook, stirring, until golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Add curry powder and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Set aside to cool.nAdd shrimp to work bowl pulse to finely chop, about 5 times. Remove and reserve. Process cream cheese until smooth, about 15 seconds scrape work bowl. Add parsley, cooled shallot mixture, and chopped shrimp. Pulse to combine, about 8 times.nTrim 12inch from bottom of endive leaves. Separate into individual leaves and choose 24 of the nicest leaves. Pipe or spread a small amount of shrimpcream cheese mixture onto bottom half of leaves. Arrange on flat serving dish. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, 2 shallots, peeled and quartered, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon curry powder, 14 pound cooked, peeled and deveined shrimp, 4 ounces lowfat cream cheese, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 3 Belgian Endive], title: Endive with Shrimp Filling, picturelink: null}, 58753: {instructions: Rub the garlic on the bread slices. Grill bread on Tuscan grill.nSlice eggplant into 14inch rounds. Salt and dry between paper towels. Cut radicchio into quarters. Rub both radicchio and eggplant with olive oil. Put on sheet pans and cook in a preheated 350 degree F oven. Cook until radicchio is wilted or just grill. Cook eggplant until it begins to brown about 10 to 15 minutes.nRoast 1 or 2 heads of garlic. Cut across top to expose all cloves cut 13 way down. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with thyme. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven, covered for about 40 minutes. Remove cover, put pat of butter on it. Bake for 20 more minutes until it caramelizes. When cooked, grab whole head of garlic and squeeze into food processor.nAdd eggplant and radicchio into food processor. Pulse until mixture becomes a coarse puree. Add salt, pepper and olive oil, to taste., ingredients: [1 clove spring garlic, 1 loaf crusty, sweet, Italian or French bread, cut into slices, 1 large head radicchio, 1 large eggplant, Olive oil, 1 or 2 heads garlic, Pat of butter], title: Bruschetta with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: vsi26CCNtKGt7FfnQ1UboW7qAM.xVoa}, 58754: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix together the cream cheese and scallions. Schmear on the bagel chip. Top with the smoked salmon, micro greens and a squeeze of lemon., ingredients: [1 teaspoon cream cheese, 12 teaspoon finely chopped scallion, 1 bagel chip, One 3 by 12inch piece smoked salmon, Pinch micro greens or herbs, 1 lemon wedge], title: Bagel and Lox, picturelink: Z3U2pAbpYjIgtkuQaqsOHNzZz0YfKAq}, 58755: {instructions: Boil asparagus for 3 to 5 minutes. Add olive oil and salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Asparagus, picturelink: null}, 58756: {instructions: 1. Thaw shrimp, if frozen. Peel, devein and remove tails from shrimp. In medium bowl toss together shrimp, olive oil, honey, oregano, salt and pepper.n2. Preheat grill pan over high heat. Add shrimp. Cook over high heat about 3 minutes or until shrimp turn opaque and grill marks appear, turning once after 2 minutes. Remove from pan. Cool slightly. Crosswise cut each shrimp in half. Set aside.n3. Place lemon slices on grill pan. Cook over high heat for 2 to 4 minutes or until beginning to brown, turning once. Remove from pan. Cut each slice into 6 segments.n4. In small bowl stir together hummus and lemon peel. Spread about 1 teaspoon of hummus mixture on each KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Flatbread Crisps  Roasted Garlic cracker. Top each with piece of shrimp and lemon segment.nNOTE: A large nonstick skillet may be substituted for the grill pan. If using a skillet, reduce cooking temperature to mediumhigh. No grill marks will appear., ingredients: [12 small fresh or frozen shrimp about 5 oz., 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 34 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Dash freshly ground black pepper, 4 thin slices lemon, 12 cup prepared classic hummus, 1 teaspoon grated lemon peel, 24 Keebler u00ae Town House u00ae Flatbread Crisps  Roasted Garlic crackers], title: GreekStyle Shrimp, picturelink: N0azJSPjlzHc401fOYJBh7tqbb6JyIu}, 58757: {instructions: To prepare ahi:nIn a heavy bottom saucepan over high heat, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and add the sliced onion. Cook the onions, constantly stirring until onions caramelize. Set caramelized onions aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet. Roll the tuna in the dehydrated and crushed onions and sesame seeds. Sear on all sides until browned and to desired doneness rare to mediumrare doneness is recommended.nTo make Vanilla Bean Jasmine Rice:nIn a medium saucepot, cook rice over medium heat with vanilla bean, shallots, butter, and broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to mediumlow, and cover the saucepot with a lid. Simmer until all of the liquid is absorbed and the rice is cooked, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat and fluff the rice with a fork.nTo make Apple CiderSoy Butter Vinaigrette:nIn a medium saucepan, combine both vinegars and apple juice over medium heat. Reduce the liquid mixture to 12 cup. Just before serving, stir in the cold butter and margarine in small quantities while whisking over medium heat. Place in a blender and blend for just a few seconds. Season with salt and pepper.nServe the tuna steaks alongside Jasmine rice and caramelized onions, drizzled with the vinaigrette and sprinkled with chives., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound Maui onions, slide thin, for caramelizing, 4 6 ounce ahi tuna steaks, 2 inches thick, 12 ounces thinly sliced, dehydrated, and crushed Maui onions, 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds, 1 cup premium Jasmine rice, 1 Tahitian vanilla bean, split, 1 tablespoon finely chopped shallots, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cups clam or fish broth, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 cups filtered apple juice, 2 ounces unsalted butter, chilled and cubed, 4 ounces soy margarine, chilled and cubed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 18 cup finely chopped chives], title: Maui Onion and Sesame Seed Crusted Seared Ahi, picturelink: null}, 58758: {instructions: For Sub:nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nFor meatballs, in a large bowl mix together all ingredients including the beef, except the canola oil, tomato sauce and mozzarella, until well combined. Using wet hands, form walnutsize pieces into balls. Heat the oil in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat and fry the meatballs until browned on all sides.nSlice the rolls in half lengthwise and put on a baking sheet. Top each half with 14 cup of the tomato sauce, 4 meatballs and some mozzarella cheese. Put in the oven and bake for 10 minutes or until the cheese is melted. Transfer to a serving platter and serve.nChunky Tomato Sauce:nIn a medium pot, add the oil and heat over medium heat. Add the onion and garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add the remaining ingredients and simmer for another 15 minutes.nDivide the ground beef and reserve 12 pound for the Round 2 Recipe, Meatball Subs. Shape into 4 patties and season with salt and pepper. Place in a skillet that has been sprayed with nonstick cooking spray over mediumhigh and cook patties 3 minutes on each side. In the last minute of cooking, top the meat patties with cheese so it will melt.nIn a small bowl, mix together the ketchup, sour cream and mayonnaise and spread half onto the hamburger buns and reserve the leftover for a dipping sauce for the French Fries. Place the burgers on buns and top with lettuce and pickles., ingredients: [12 pound ground beef reserved from Fast Food Cheese Burgers, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon garlic, chopped, 12 cup Italian seasoned bread crumbs or panko bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 egg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup tomato sauce, jarred or homemade, recipe follows, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 2 sub rolls, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 80 percent lean, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices American cheese, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 4 hamburger buns, 14 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 dill pickles, sliced], title: Round 2 Recipes  Meatball Subs, picturelink: null}, 58759: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F.nLightly butter a medium wellseasoned cast iron skillet. Put the sausage in the skillet, and bake until almost cooked, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk the flour, sugar, and salt together in a medium bowl. In another bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, and mustard until blended. Whisk the liquid ingredients into the dry, just until you have a slightly lumpy thin batter.nCarefully, pour the batter over the partially cooked sausages and continue to bake until the batter puffs and is crispy, and brown, about 25 to 30 minutes more.nServe the ToadintheHole, hot, in the skillet with more mustard on the side., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for brushing on skillet, 1 12 pounds sweet spiral pork sausages, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 4 large eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, plus extra for serving, Serving suggestions: assorted mustards], title: ToadintheHole, picturelink: oUQ9EyPCBL2drUc4sNZY.gwnNLSLcq}, 58760: {instructions: Preheat the grill. Whisk together the mustard, honey, horseradish and mint in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow the flavors to meld.nThread the tomatoes onto skewers and put them into a large bowl. Add the asparagus and drizzle with a little oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the tomatoes on the grill and cook until charred on both sides. Grill the asparagus for about 2 minutes per side. Put the vegetables on a platter and drizzle them with the mustard sauce. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard, 14 cup clover honey, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pint cherry tomatoes on the vine, Wooden skewers soaked in water, 1 pound asparagus, trimmed, Olive oil], title: Asparagus and Tomato Skewers with Honey MustardHorseradish Sauce, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 58761: {instructions: Unroll 1 refrigerated piecrust onto a parchment paperlined baking sheet. Spread with 34 cup strawberry jam, leaving a 12inch border. Mix 34 cup each oats and flour, 6 tablespoons melted butter, 13 cup brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar and a pinch of salt squeeze into clumps and drop over the jam. Bake at 450 degrees F, 15 minutes. Let cool and cut into squares.nSERVES 14 Calories: 210 Total Fat 8 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 32 grams Sugar: 17 grams Fiber 1 grams Cholesterol: 13 milligrams Sodium: 74 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: JamandOat Squares, picturelink: Hg2pYSAngMEVi0OEAMg4EAiYZI7RfxO}, 58762: {instructions: To make the gelee: Put the grapes, lemon juice, sugar and water in a mediumsized pot and set over medium heat. Simmer for 20 minutes until grapes are tender and skins have completely discolored. Using a potato masher squash the grapes to release all of the juices. Do not puree in a blender otherwise your gelee will be cloudy and pick up parts of the skin. Pour the mixture through a sieve over a large measuring cup or bowl with a spout and use the back of a ladle to firmly press the pulp  this will extract as much juice and flavor as possible. This should yield about 3 cups 24 ounces of liquid. If it is more or less add water or pour out some of the liquid, otherwise the gelatine ratio will be off. Slowly whisk in the gelatin powder, making sure you continue to whisk until it is all fully incorporated. Divide the grape jelly mixture into 4 to 6 glasses depending on the size of your glasses. Gently agitate to remove any surface bubbles then refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours, or overnight, until set.nTo make the salad: In a small pot, over medium heat, add the sugar, cold water, sliced lemon and ginger. Bring to a simmer, then add in the basil and shut off the heat to allow the mixture to steep, 20 minutes. Cut the grapes in half through the middle and add to a large mixing bowl. Dress the grapes with a little of the syrup and toss to combine. Discard the basil and reserve the extra syrup.nTo make the whipped cream: Using a balloon whisk, whip the cream, sugar and vanilla until soft peaks form. Fold the ginger into the whipped cream but reserve a few pieces for garnish.nTo assemble the dish: When the gelee is set, remove it from the refrigerator and top each glass with a spoonful of the grape salad and a quenelle of the ginger whipped cream. Garnish with basil buds and some slivers of ginger. Drizzle each glass with some of the reserved lemonginger syrup and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds California red seedless grapes, 2 lemons, juiced, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 2 sachets powdered gelatin approximately 2 tablespoons, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 2 slices lemon, seeds removed, 1 1inch piece ginger, finely sliced into coins, 1 handful fresh basil leaves, 2 cups California red seedless grapes, 12 pint heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon sugar, 18 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup julienne crystallized ginger, plus more for garnish, Small basil buds, for garnish], title: Grape Gelee with Lemon, Basil and Crystallized Ginger Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 58763: {instructions: Chuck Hughes Banoffee Pie is a fun and highly addictive dessert featuring layers of chocolate, banana and toffee.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor, add the cookies and process until it becomes a crumblike mixture. Add the butter and process again. Set aside.nMeanwhile, take the condensed milk can and place it in an ovenproof stockpot filled with water. DO NOT OPEN THE CAN. Make sure the can is constantly covered in water. Bake in the oven for 3 12 hours. Remove, let cool, open and set aside.nIn a bowl, mix the bananas with lemon juice. Set aside.nWhip the cream with icing sugar and coffee in another bowl until soft peaks form.nFor Serving: Using a round 4inch mold directly on the serving plate, put a layer of the cookie mixture, then the slices of bananas, cover with the baked condensed milk now toffee and repeat the layers. Remove the mold and garnish with a dollop of cream., ingredients: [20 Oreo cookies, 14 cup butter, melted, 1 can sweetened condensed milk, 2 ripe bananas, sliced, Juice of 1 lemon, 2 cups 35percent cream, 14 cup icing sugar, 2 tablespoons strong coffee], title: Banoffee Pie, picturelink: null}, 58764: {instructions: Ask a butcher to remove all bones, except shank, and to clean meat of all sinew and excess fat inside and out. Butterfly leg for stuffing.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees. Lay lamb flat on counter. Using a sharp knife, make several slits, about 2 inches long by 14 inch deep, so seasonings can penetrate meat. Sprinkle generously with salt and pepper. Puree whole garlic cloves with a little olive oil in a food processor. Add canned chipotles and blend into a paste. Spread the paste on the lamb and cover with the oregano. Roll meat to enclose stuffing and tie with string at 1inch intervals, keeping the diameter of the roll the same so that the roast cooks evenly. Shank bone will protrude at one end. Generously season outside with salt and pepper.nHeat oil in a large skillet over high heat. Brown lamb on all sides. Roast on rack in roasting pan 30 to 40 minutes for medium rare, 1 hour for well done. A meat thermometer inserted to the center should read 160 to 165 degrees or a thin blade knife inserted to the center for 20 seconds should feel lukewarm on your lips. Let sit at room temperature about 10 minutes before carving, so juices can run to center. Remove strings and slice meat thinly across the roll. Top with Pimento Sauce.nBy removing the center bone, leg of lamb is much easier to carve and serve to guests.nHeat oil in a medium saucepan over moderate heat. Cook shallots and mushrooms until golden. Add wine, turn heat to high, and reduce by half. Add stock and reduce again by a quarter. Whisk in tomato paste, pimento puree and garlic. Break butter into small pieces and whisk into sauce until smooth. Adjust seasonings and strain through a fine sieve., ingredients: [1 6 pound boneless leg of lamb, with shank, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, 3 tablespoons pureed garlic, 2 tablespoons chopped chipotles canned, 12 cup chopped fresh oregano, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Pimento Sauce recipe follows, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 shallots, finely sliced, 12 cup mushrooms, sliced, 34 cup dry white wine, 5 cups lamb stock or beef broth, 1 teaspoon tomato paste, 3 tablespoons pimento or roasted red pepper pureed in a blender, 1 teaspoon pureed garlic, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cold, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste], title: Herb Stuffed Leg of Lamb with Pimento Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58765: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the pastry, place the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Pulse a few times to combine. Add the butter and toss quickly with your fingers to coat each cube of butter with the flour. Pulse 12 to 15 times, or until the butter is the size of peas. With the motor running, add the 14 cup ice water all at once through the feed tube. Keep hitting the pulse button to combine, but stop the machine just before the dough comes together. Turn the dough out onto a wellfloured board and form into 2 disks. Wrap the disks with plastic and refrigerate for at least one hour.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees.nRoll each pastry disk into an 11inch circle on a lightly floured surface. Transfer them to 2 baking sheets lined with parchment paper.nFor the filling, peel, core, and quarter the pears. Cut each quarter into big chunks. Toss the chunks with the orange zest. Divide the pear chunks between the pastries, covering the dough and leaving a 1 12inch border. Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cranberries over the top of each tart.nCombine the flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and allspice in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture is crumbly. Pour into a bowl and rub it with your fingers until it starts holding together. Sprinkle evenly over the top of the two tarts. Gently fold the border of each tart over the pears, pleating it to make a circle.nBake the crostatas for 30 minutes, or until the crust is golden and the pears are tender. Let the tarts cool for 5 minutes, then use 2 large spatulas to transfer them to wire racks., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 pound very cold unsalted butter, diced, 3 pounds Bosc pears, 12 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 pound cold unsalted butter 1 stick, diced], title: Pear and Cranberry Crostata, picturelink: EafnGkt4jAkW12dO6N3VXXbeQi1Ud8q}, 58766: {instructions: Cut the baguette in 14inch slices. In a large saute pan over high heat, saute the chopped mushrooms in butter in small batches so as not to overcrowd the pan. Cook until the mushrooms begin to brown and release their juices. Add the shallots and garlic toward the end of the cooking process, then deglaze with white wine. Add parsley, season with salt and freshly ground pepper. Serve on top of the slices of the baguette, or in a bowl on the table., ingredients: [1 baguette, 4 cups chopped white button mushrooms, 5 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, minced, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup white wine, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves], title: Mushrooms Aux Croustade, picturelink: null}, 58767: {instructions: Soak the Chinese mushrooms in hot water until soft, about 5 minutes. Then finely chop.nHeat the olive oil in a large nonstick pan and cook the onion for a few minutes. Add the mushrooms and cook for another 2 minutes. Add the ground chicken and cook for 4 to 6 minutes, mixing the meat with the other ingredients as it cooks, so it breaks up into little pieces. Add the mirin or wine followed by the sesame oil, sesame seeds, oyster sauce, soy sauce, water chestnuts and garlic. Cook for a few minutes and let the mixture caramelize. Add the spring onions and remove from the heat. Spread a bit of plum sauce on the inside of each radicchio leaf. Then top with a spoonful of the chicken mixture. A viewer or guest of the show, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 large dried Chinese mushrooms, Drizzle of extravirgin olive oil, 12 large onion, peeled and finely chopped, 2 pounds lean ground chicken, 3 tablespoons mirin or white wine, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, One 8ounce can water chestnuts, chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled and crushed, 6 spring onions scallions, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons plum sauce, 2 to 3 heads radicchio, leaves separated], title: Chicken Lettuce Wraps, picturelink: 8VxBjWeyyff17o1N4XeKTzWAaN3OhC}, 58768: {instructions: In a slow cooker, combine the onion, garlic and sausage. Stir in the beans and water and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Cover and cook on low heat until the beans are tender, about 7 12 hours on high it takes between 3 12 to 4 hours. Remove 14 cup of beans from slow cooker mash until smooth, then sir them stir back into slow cooker. Continue to cook for another 30 minutes on low or 15 minutes on high. Remove the beans from the cooker to a serving bowl. Serve over cooked rice and enjoy, ingredients: [12 cup finely chopped onion, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 pound smoked Creole seasoned sausage andouille, cut into small pieces, 2 cups dried red beans, soaked overnight and drained, 1 quart water, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Hot cooked rice about 3 to 4 cups], title: Slow Cooker Red Beans and Rice, picturelink: Xwp0y51HW9ELtXuAD9AkcQo920Ja4PC}, 58769: {instructions: Mix 34 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup chopped pitted kalamata olives, 4 chopped anchovies, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley and 2 teaspoons dijon mustard.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: OliveAnchovy Mayo, picturelink: zz2nXTdLaZ6ov1vA.syajWI1kmsxTk.}, 58770: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Score chicken and season with salt. Spoon desired amount of jerk marinade over chicken and rub into scores. Marinade refrigerated for 2 hours to overnight. Bake for 35 minutes in the oven. Remove from the oven and finish on the grill.nCombine all of the above in a bowl and stir in the following: ., ingredients: [12 of 1 nutmeg, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon cloves, whole, 6 pimento seeds allspice, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 1 large onion, roughly chop, 2 to 3 Scotch Bonnet peppers, 10 sprigs thyme, leaves picked, 10 garlic cloves, 12 cup fresh lime juice or white vinegar, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup raw sugar, 1 whole chicken, cut into 8 pieces], title: Jerk Chicken, picturelink: X5KP8aoV8qbFMCwq18NULZDP7eLOGba}, 58771: {instructions: Combine the blueberries and maple syrup in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat until the berries begin to pop. Keep warm for serving.nIn a medium bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. In another large bowl, mix together the ricotta, buttermilk, honey, and orange zest. Fold the flour mixture into the ricotta mixture until just combined. In a clean mixing bowl, beat the egg whites to soft peaks with the whisk attachment of an electric mixer. Gently fold into the batter.nHeat a nonstick griddle or a large nonstick pan over mediumlow heat and lightly spray once with cooking spray. Spoon 13 cup of batter per pancake onto the hot griddle. When the pancakes are covered with bubbles and the edges are golden brown, about 1 12 minutes, flip the pancakes. Cook for another 30 to 45 seconds or until golden brown. If cooking the pancakes in batches, lightly spray griddle with additional cooking spray as needed.nPlace 2 pancakes on each plate and serve with the blueberry sauce., ingredients: [1 cup fresh or frozen blueberries, 14 cup real maple syrup, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 14 cups lowfat ricotta cheese, 34 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon honey, 34 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 2 large egg whites, 3 sprays butterflavored cooking spray], title: Blueberry Ricotta Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 58772: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Grill the hot dogs until golden brown on all sides. Place in buns and top with your favorite mustard and the Homemade Pickle Relish.nBring vinegar, mustard seeds, and coriander seeds to a boil in a medium nonreactive saucepan on the grates of the grill cook until reduced by half and slightly syrupy. Remove from the heat, add the remaining ingredients, and gently toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving., ingredients: [8 link hot dogs, Assorted mustards brown, horseradish, sweet and hot, Dijon, etc., Ketchup, Bestquality hot dog buns, Homemade Pickle Relish, recipe follows, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 2 tablespoons sugar, 8 large dill pickles sour, not halfsour, finely diced, 1 small red pepper, grilled, peeled, seeded, and finely diced, 1 small yellow pepper, grilled, peeled, seeded, and finely diced, 1 small white onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill], title: Grilled Link Hot Dogs with Homemade Pickle Relish, picturelink: hFMMxJJshqLuQ0HIdkOu.KrigZabsOS}, 58773: {instructions: For the sour cream topping: Whisk together the sour cream, hot sauce, green onions and sea salt.nFor the corn cakes: Whisk together the flour, cornmeal, salt, sugar and baking soda in a large bowl until incorporated. Whisk together the milk and eggs in a separate bowl. Pour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients and add the corn, cheese, butter and jalapenos and mix well. Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Use an icecream scoop to pour the batter for each cake. Cook until golden, about 2 minutes per side. About halfway through cooking, add the remaining oil to the skillet. Transfer the cakes to a plate lined with paper towels to drain and sprinkle with sea salt, if desired. Serve warm with sour cream topping., ingredients: [2 tablespoons reducedfat sour cream, 12 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 green onions, green parts only, sliced, Pinch sea salt, 12 cup wholewheat pastry flour, 14 cup cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup whole milk, 2 large eggs, 1 cup corn kernels, fresh or frozen and thawed, 12 cup shredded Cheddar, 1 tablespoon melted unsalted butter, 2 to 3 jalapeno peppers, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Sea salt], title: Jalapeno Cheddar Corn Cakes, picturelink: null}, 58774: {instructions: Fill a large skillet halfway with water add a pinch of salt, cover and bring to a boil. Add the pearl onions and cook 1 minute to loosen the skins, then drain and rinse under cold water. Using kitchen shears, trim the root ends of the onions, then peel off the skins. Return the onions to the skillet.nAdd the parsnips, ginger, rosemary, garlic, wine, sugar, 12 teaspoon salt and 1 cup water to the skillet with the onions. Bring to a boil over high heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid evaporates and the vegetables are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. If the liquid evaporates too quickly, add more water, 14 cup at a time. Discard the ginger, garlic and rosemary. The vegetables can be made up to 3 hours ahead to this point cover and refrigerate.nReduce the heat to medium high add the vinegar, brandy and butter and cook, stirring, until the vegetables just start to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons water and cook, swirling the pan, until the vegetables are glazed, about 1 more minute. Season with salt and pepper and top with parsley.nPer serving: Calories: 185 Total Fat: 5 grams Saturated Fat: 3 grams Protein: 2 grams Total carbohydrates: 30 grams Sugar: 12 grams Fiber: 7 grams Cholesterol: 13 milligrams Sodium: 122 milligramsnPhotograph by Gentl  Hyers, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 10 ounces red pearl onions, unpeeled, 1 12 pounds parsnips, peeled, quartered lengthwise, cored and cut into 12inch pieces, 4 thin slices ginger, 1 large sprig rosemary, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, 1 to 2 teaspoons brandy optional, 2 to 3 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, Freshly ground pepper, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: GingerGlazed Pearl Onions and Parsnips, picturelink: lZLJlqm30bOld0wIlYCQKMQRF8SaRm}, 58775: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: 24 wooden skewers, soaked in water for 3 to 4 hoursnSkewer each half chicken thigh with 2 skewers so that they lay flat. Place the chicken in a large shallow baking dish.nWhisk together the orange juice, lime juice, oil, chili powder, and garlic. Pour over the thighs and marinate in the refrigerator 1 to 4 hours.nPrepare a charcoal grill to high heat.nRemove the thighs from the marinade and sprinkle with salt and pepper on both sides. Place the thighs directly over the coals and cook until each side becomes golden brown and slightly charred, about 4 minutes per side. Turn, cover the grill and cook for another few minutes until tender.nRemove from the grill and let rest 5 minutes. Cut the thighs directly down the center creating 2 skewers. Remove the chicken from the skewers and serve garnished with scallions and lime wedges., ingredients: [6 chicken thighs, skinless and boneless, cut in half lengthwise, 12 cup fresh squeezed orange juice, 14 cup fresh squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons chipotle in adobo sauce, pureed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chopped scallions, for garnish, Grilled lime halves, for garnish], title: Grilled Yucatan Chicken Skewers, picturelink: ruRxRt7mW6a8QGuuMYo8irmPBBj13qm}, 58776: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the chicken on a work surface and pound it into 34inch thickness with a meat pounder. Pulse the hazelnuts in a food processor until finely ground. Set aside 3 tablespoon of the hazelnuts, and combine the rest with the panko, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and spread evenly on a baking sheet. Season the chicken with a pinch each salt and pepper. Beat the eggs together with 12 teaspoon salt then dip each chicken, letting excess drip off. Dredge the chicken in the nut mixture. Heat 1 12 tablespoons of the oil in a large heavy skillet over medium high heat until hot, then add chicken, 2 at a time and brown, turning once, about 2 minutes per side. Brown remaining chicken with the same amount of oil for each batch, wiping out the skillet as necessary. Place chicken on a baking sheet and finish cooking in oven, about 6 minutes.nWhile the chicken cooks, whisk together the honey, lemon juice, garlic, and 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Slowly stream the olive oil into the dressing while whisking. Once creamy and smooth, stir in the reserved 3 tablespoons of hazelnuts. Toss together the dressing with the romaine hearts, tomatoes, and scallions. Serve with the chicken., ingredients: [Four 6 to 8 ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 1 14 cup hazelnuts, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, Kosher salt and finely ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 cup olive oil, 1 romaine hearts, chopped, 2 plum tomatoes, chopped, 4 scallions, white and green parts, cut on a bias], title: Hazelnut Chicken, picturelink: R71m9C3kO.KESO8EQOnx9PJXt4jN16}, 58777: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the chickpeas with the oil, salt, turmeric, pepper and cumin in a bowl and toss to coat well. Transfer to a castiron skillet and spread evenly across the pan. Bake the chickpeas until golden brown, about 45 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring the chicken stock to boil saucepan over high heat. Add the lentils, onion, garlic, bay leaf and half lemon. Cook until the lentils are tender, about 18 to 20 minutes drain. Be sure to discard the lemon, onion, garlic and bay leaf.nCombine the chickpeas, lentils, roasted red bell pepper, and parsley in a medium bowl. Juice the remaining lemon half into the bowl and toss to combine., ingredients: [One 15.5ounce can chickpeas, rinsed and drained, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 12 pound dried brown lentils, 1 small yellow onion, halved, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 small bay leaf, 1 lemon, halved, 14 cup chopped roasted red bell peppers, 2 tablespoons chopped flat leaf parsley], title: Turmeric Roasted Chickpea and Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 58778: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat and stir in salt and oats. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 3 minutes. Add apple, raisins, and brown sugar and stir for 2 more minutes. Remove from heat, cover and let rest 2 minutes.nServe with cream., ingredients: [6 cups water, 34 teaspoon salt, 3 cups old fashioned oats, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled and grated, 1 cup golden raisins, 6 tablespoons brown sugar], title: Oatmeal with Apple, Brown Sugar and Raisins, picturelink: null}, 58779: {instructions: Prepare a large bowl of ice water.nIn a heavy saucepan, add milk, vanilla beans, and cassia sticks tied in a loose knot and bring to a simmer on medium heat. Concurrently, in a mixing bowl, whisk eggs and sugar together. When the milk reaches a simmer, whisk in 1 cup of the hot milk to the egg mixture. Whisk this mix back to the hot milk, reduce heat to low and constantly stir with a wooden spoon.nWhen mixture thickens enough to coat the back the wooden spoon and a line drawn with your finger holds it shape about 12 to 15 minutes, immediately strain through a chinoise fine sieve into another bowl a little smaller than the ice bath bowl and place in ice bath. Stir occasionally to cool down. If there are any vanilla beans left on the pods, scrape into the anglaise. Stir to incorporate and chill sauce until ready to use.Sift the flour, salt and sugar into a food processor fitted with a blade. Add the butter and pulse until it resembles coarse meal, there should be pieces of butter. Add the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, pulsing the processor. Only add enough water until the dough just holds together about 3 to 4 tablespoons. Wrap in plastic and put in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nVanilla Ice Cream: Freeze according to machines instructions.nBittersweet Chocolate Tart: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to about 9inch diameter. Use an 8inch false bottom tart pan and carefully place dough into the pan. Work the dough into the corners and prick with a fork. Cover with foil and refrigerate for 30 minutes. Fill pan with pie weights, rice or beans and bake blind for 15 minutes. Remove foil and bake an additional 5 to 7 minutes, until the dough becomes very light tan. Pull pan out of the oven and let cool at room temperature.nFor the filling, bring the cream to a simmer. Pull off of the heat and add the chocolate. When chocolate is completely melted, mix well, and let cool in the refrigerator. When chocolate mixture is cold, pull out of the refrigerator and whisk in the eggs just until incorporated. Pour into the tart shell and bake at 350 degrees for 12 to 15 minutes. It should still tremble in the center when lightly shaken. Let tart cool on a rack before demolding. Garnish with powdered sugar and cocoa powder.nOn a large plate, garnish the rim of the plate with powdered sugar and cocoa powder. Ladle a small pool of creme anglaise. Place a slice of the tart off of the side and place 1 scoop of ice cream next to it. For the ultimate, make individual tarts., ingredients: [4 cups whole milk, 2 split Indonesian or Tahitian vanilla beans, 2 cassia sticks, 12 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups of the above creme anglaise, 2 cups flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 10 tablespoons butter, cold, small dice, Ice water, 8 ounces heavy cream, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, Powdered sugar, for garnish, Cocoa powder, for garnish], title: Bittersweet Chocolate Tart with Creme Anglaise and Vanilla Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 58780: {instructions: For the vinaigrette: Place all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth season with honey, salt and pepper to taste.nFor the crab and squid salad: Fill a large saucepan halfway with the oil and heat until it reaches 350 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer. Line a large plate or baking sheet with paper towels, set aside.nWhisk together the flour and 1 12 cups of the water in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. The mixture should resemble crepe batter if it is too thick add more water a few tablespoons at a time. Then season with salt and pepper.nSeason squid and crab with salt and pepper and working in batches, dip 13 of the squid in the rice flour batter and allow the excess to drip off. Fry until lightly golden brown and crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on the paper towellined plate and season immediately with salt. Repeat with the remaining squid and crab, dipping into the batter then frying in batches.nPlace the greens in a bowl and drizzle with about 14 cup of the mangored pepper vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. Mound the greens on a platter and place some of the sliced cherry peppers on top. Place the squid and crab around the perimeter of the platter, drizzle all with more of the vinaigrette and garnish with cilantro leaves and chopped mint., ingredients: [1 large ripe mango, peeled, pitted and coarsely chopped, 1 small roasted red pepper, peeled, seeded and chopped, Juice of 2 fresh limes, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1 to 2 teaspoon chipotle pepper puree depending on how spicy you like, 12 cup canola oil, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Honey, to taste, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Peanut oil, 1 12 cups rice flour, 1 12 to 1 34 cups cold water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound baby squid, cut into rings, 1 12 pounds stone crab claws, meat removed and chopped, 12 pound micro greens, 14 pound watercress, 1 head frisee, 4 whole cherry peppers, jarred in vinegar, drained and thinly sliced, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, Chopped fresh mint, for garnish], title: Crispy Squid and Stone Crab Salad with Red PepperMango Vinaigrette, Mint, Cilantro and Cherry Peppers, picturelink: null}, 58781: {instructions: Make the custard: Whisk the corn, halfandhalf, sour cream, sugar and vanilla in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Lightly beat the egg yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk about 14 cup of the warm corn mixture into the beaten egg yolks, then pour into the saucepan and return to medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until the mixture thickens and coats the spoon, about 5 minutes.nTransfer the hot custard to a blender and pulse until smooth keep the filler cap slightly open to let steam escape. Strain the custard through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl discard the solids. Stir often until the mixture cools to room temperature. Lightly press plastic wrap directly against the surface of the custard to prevent a skin from forming. Chill until cold, about 3 hours. For faster chilling, set the bowl of custard in a bowl of ice water and stir until cold.nFreeze the cold custard in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers directions. Transfer to an airtight container and freeze until firm, 2 to 3 hours.nScoop the ice cream into bowls. Top with caramel corn or a splash of bourbon, if desired.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [1 14.75ounce can creamstyle corn, 1 12 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup sour cream, 23 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 5 large egg yolks, Caramel corn or bourbon, for topping optional], title: Sweet Corn Ice Cream, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 58782: {instructions: Try this grownup take on fruit punch: Combine 1 bottle red wine, 6 ounces brandy, 6 ounces raspberry or orange liqueur and the juice of 2 lemons in a large pitcher and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight. Serve over ice and garnish with raspberries and orange slices.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Red Wine Punch, picturelink: ji1UiS.09bq1RfunjpQ1b2CUTQrVG}, 58783: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Bolognese Sauce:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Heat the oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat.nSeason the shanks on both sides with salt and pepper, place in the pan and cook until golden brown on both sides, about 4 minutes per side.nRemove the shanks to a plate. Remove fat from the pan. Add the pancetta to the pan and cook until golden brown. Remove pancetta with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towels.nAdd the onion, carrots, celery and garlic to the pan and cook until soft and lightly golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes.nAdd the red wine, scrape the bottom of the pan and cook until completely reduced. Add the beef stock, diced tomatoes, thyme, rosemary and parsley and bring to a simmer. Add the shanks and 13 of the pancetta back to the pan, cover and transfer to the oven. Cook until the meat is tender and falling off the bone, about 2 hours.nRemove the shanks to a cutting board and when cool enough to handle, shred the meat into bitesize pieces and place in a bowl.nStrain the cooking liquid into a bowl. Place 3 cups of the cooking liquid into a large highsided saute pan and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook until the liquid is reduced to about 34 cup. Add the shredded meat and the remaining cooked pancetta to the pan along with 1 cup of the tomato sauce, parsley and basil and stir to combine and just heat through.nFor the Ricotta Mixture:nStir together the ricotta, eggs, parsley, basil, cheese and salt and pepper in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour to allow flavors to meld.nFor the Tomato Sauce:nHeat the oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the onions and cook until soft, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and red chili flakes and cook for 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, bring to boil, season with salt and pepper and cook until the sauce is reduced and thickened, about 25 to 30 minutes. Stir in the parsley and basil.nFor the Bechamel Mornay Sace:nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and let cook for about 2 minutes. Slowly whisk in 2 cups of the hot milk and continue whisking until the sauce is thickened and loses its raw flavor, about 5 to 7 minutes. Season the sauce with nutmeg, salt and pepper and whisk in the cheeses. If the sauce is too thick, whisk in some of the remaining milk.nFor Assembly:nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter the bottom and sides of a 9 by 13inch baking dish with the butter. Ladle a thin layer of bechamel evenly over the bottom of the pan. Place a layer of pasta dough, cut to fit the inside of the pan on top of the bechamel and top the pasta with the ricotta mixture and spread evenly. Spread a thin layer of bechamel over the ricotta, sprinkle with a few tablespoons of Parmesan and some basil leaves. Top with another layer of pasta and spread the meat mixture evenly over the top. Ladle an even layer of bechamel over the Bolognese mixture, sprinkle with a few tablespoons of Parmesan and some basil leaves. Place the final layer of pasta dough over the meat mixture and ladle the bechamel over the top to completely cover the pasta and sprinkle with 3 tablespoons of Parmesan.nPlace the pan on a baking sheet and cover loosely with aluminum foil. Bake for 20 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F, remove the foil and continue baking until the top is golden brown and the filling is bubbling, about 25 to 35 minutes longer. Remove from the oven and let rest 10 minutes before cutting. Cut into slices and top with some of the tomato sauce, more grated cheese and chopped parsley and basil., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 3 pounds pork shanks on the bone, 3 pounds beef shanks on the bone, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound pancetta, finely diced, 1 12 cups finely diced Spanish onion, 12 cup finely diced carrot, 12 cup finely diced celery, 4 whole garlic cloves, 1 cup dry red wine, 3 cups homemade beef or chicken stock, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes and their juices, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 6 sprigs flatleaf parsley, 1 cup tomato sauce, recipe follows, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, Chopped fresh basil leaves, 3 cups ricotta, strained in a cheesecloth lined strainer for at least 4 hours, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large Spanish onion, finely diced, 3 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 teaspoon crushed red chili flakes, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 to 2 12 cups whole milk, heated, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup grated fontina cheese, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Bechamel Sauce, 4 fresh sheets pasta, cooked for 2 to 3 minutes in boiling, salted water, drained or 1 pound lasagna noodles cooked in boiling, salted water until slightly under al dente, about 5 minutes, Ricotta mixture, Grated ParmigianoReggiano, Fresh basil leaves, Bolognese Sauce], title: Lasagna, picturelink: FnfbwRuAvpPw8oJuKdIUYumzAtEsYri}, 58784: {instructions: Steam beans until just tender, 3 to 8 minutes. While beans are steaming, whisk together remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste. Toss beans with dressing and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 pound haricots verts thin French beans, trimmed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons whitewine vinegar, 1 shallot, minced], title: Haricots Verts with Shallot Dressing, picturelink: null}, 58785: {instructions: For the Cream Filling: Prepare the cream fillings: Sprinkle the gelatin over 14 cup cold water in a bowl and set aside to bloom.nPlace the milk in a pan. Halve the vanilla beans lengthwise scrape out the seeds with a paring knife, then add the seeds and pods to the milk. Bring to a simmer, then cover and remove from the heat.nWhisk the egg yolks, sugar, cornstarch and salt in a medium bowl until smooth.nRemove the vanilla pods from the milk. Gradually whisk onethird of the warm milk into the egg mixture.nWhisk the egg mixture into the remaining milk in the pan. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, until the mixture boils and thickens, 6 minutes. Continue boiling until the mixture is custardlike, 3 minutes.nRemove the pan from the heat. Slice the butter into pieces and whisk into the custard, then stir in the gelatin mixture.nMicrowave the chocolate until melted, 2 to 3 minutes, stirring. Mix 2 tablespoons hot water with the espresso. Transfer half of the cream filling to a bowl, then stir in the chocolate and espresso.nTransfer the remaining cream filling to another bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto the surface of the chocolate and vanilla creams and refrigerate until cold and firm, at least 2 hours.nWhen ready to fill the puffs, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks with a mixer. Fold half into the vanilla cream filling and half into the chocolate filling.nTransfer each filling to a large pastry bag with a 14inch tip and set aside. To do this cleanly, cuff the open end of the pastry bag over your hand.nFor the Pastry Puffs: Unfilled puffs can be frozen for up to a week. To recrisp, thaw, then brush with a beaten egg bake 5 minutes at 350 degrees.nWhile the fillings chill, make the pastry puffs: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Bring 1 12 cups water, the butter, sugar and salt to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring to melt the butter.nRemove from the heat and stir in the flour with a wooden spoon to make a paste. Return to the heat and cook, stirring constantly, until the paste is shiny and pulls away from the pan, 6 to 7 minutes. Cool slightly.nTransfer the paste to a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment on mediumlow speed to cool, 1 minute. Beat in the eggs one at a time. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed.nTransfer the dough to a large pastry bag with a 12inch tip. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper, dabbing a bit of dough under the corners to keep the paper in place. Pipe 1 12inch balls of dough onto the paper about 48 total.nSmooth the dough peaks with a wet finger. Bake until puffed, 15 to 20 minutes, then lower the temperature to 350 degrees and bake until golden, 15 minutes. Turn off the oven keep the puffs inside 10 minutes to dry out. Pierce each puff with a dry piping tip transfer to a rack to cool.nTo Assemble: Fill half of the puffs with chocolate cream and half with vanilla: Insert the tip of the pastry bag into the hole and squeeze until full. Chill the filled puffs 30 minutes before assembling the tower.nMake the caramel: Mix the sugar, corn syrup and 1 cup water in a saucepan, cover and bring to a boil over high heat dont stir. Uncover and boil, swirling the pan, until the syrup turns deep amber, 20 minutes.nImmediately dip the bottom of the saucepan in a large bowl of ice water for a few seconds to stop the cooking.nTransfer the caramel to a liquid measuring cup and cool slightly it should still be liquid. Be carefulthe caramel will still be hotnDraw a 7inch circle on parchment paper. Partially dip each filled puff into the caramel and let the excess drip off. Arrange the puffs around the circle. If the caramel hardens, microwave until soft, 45 seconds.nFill the base circle with more puffs for stability, then continue building a conical tower of smaller circles. Top the tower with a single puff. Line your work surface with parchment paperthe next step can be messy.nDip the tip of a fork into the caramel and quickly wave it in circles around the tower to create a web of caramel strands. Repeat. Let set, then slide two spatulas under the paper and transfer the croquembouche to a platter. Tear off the excess paper around the base.nTo serve, crack the caramel web with the back of a knife, then dismantle the tower and transfer the cream puffs to plates.nPhotographs by Karl Juengel, ingredients: [14 ounce packet unflavored gelatin 2 12 teaspoons, 4 cups whole milk, 2 vanilla beans, 12 large egg yolks, 1 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 teaspoon salt, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 tablespoon powdered espresso, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 teaspoons sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 6 large eggs, 3 cups sugar, 3 tablespoons light corn syrup], title: Croquembouche, picturelink: c.7tLJ3IXYrfkr88A2j2gXKtbqYEZbq}, 58786: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees. In a large mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Using your fingertips, rub butter and shortening into dry ingredients until mixture looks like crumbs. The faster the better, you dont want the fats to melt. Make a well in the center and pour in the chilled buttermilk. Stir just until the dough comes together. The dough will be very sticky. Turn dough onto floured surface, dust top with flour and gently fold dough over on itself 5 or 6 times. Press into a 1inch thick round. Cut out biscuits with a 2inch cutter, being sure to push straight down through the dough. Place biscuits on baking sheet so that they just touch. Reform scrap dough, working it as little as possible and continue cutting. Biscuits from the second pass will not be quite as light as those from the first, but hey, thats life. Bake until biscuits are tall and light gold on top, 15 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 4 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons shortening, 1 cup buttermilk, chilled], title: Southern Biscuits, picturelink: iwRCKjatLHGS9VI15VA.ZC3SKKr7ZBa}, 58787: {instructions: Fill a large pot with about 1 12 inches of equal parts olive oil and vegetable oil. Line a baking sheet with paper towels.nSlice the potatoes on the thinnest setting of a mandoline they should be almost seethrough. Lay the slices on a clean kitchen towel in a single layer and pat dry with paper towels. One at a time, transfer the slices to the cold oil starting with cold oil keeps the potatoes from sticking to one another. If the potatoes are not completely submerged, add more oil to cover. Add the garlic and rosemary to the pot.nTurn the heat to medium high and cook, undisturbed, 5 minutes. Stir the potatoes once to make sure they are not sticking to the bottom, then let fry, undisturbed, until golden, 18 to 20 minutes. Remove the chips with a strainer and drain on paper towels. Season with salt.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [Olive oil, for frying about 4 cups, Vegetable oil, for frying about 4 cups, 3 large russet or Yukon gold potatoes about 1 12 pounds, 2 cloves garlic, 1 sprig rosemary, Kosher salt], title: RosemaryOlive Oil Potato Chips, picturelink: 1tDvlso59YPiKfknOJX6fvB.J7aj.}, 58788: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees. Trim ends of zucchini and halve them lengthwise. Using a spoon, or melon baller scoop out flesh from each half, leaving 14inch thick shell. Reserve zucchini boats and flesh.nBoil potato until tender. When cool enough to handle, peel and mash potato in a potato ricer into a small bowl. Add reserved zucchini flesh, Parmesan, egg and nutmeg. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Mound potato mixture into each zucchini boat. Fill only as high as walls of zucchini, or a little above. Use a brush to smear pesto over each. Fit zucchini snugly into an oiled baking dish. Pour enough water to reach 14inch up sides of zucchini, cover tightly with foil and bake 20 minutes. Remove foil and continue cooking 25 minutes more. Let cool to room temperature. Before serving, drizzle each zucchini boat with extravirgin olive oil. Serve 2 zucchini per person., ingredients: [4 4inch long zucchini about 1 12 pounds, 1 large potato, 12 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Salt and pepper, 4 teaspoons homemade or prepared pesto, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: Stuffed Zucchini Genovese, picturelink: null}, 58789: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the raisins with the rum and leave to macerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 350. In a large mixing bowl, combine the sugar, oil, and eggs. Beat together until blended. Whisk in the milk, then add the baking soda, salt, and flour and blend thoroughly. Fold in the papaya and the raisins, drained. Generously butter an 8 x 5 inch loaf pan and pour the batter into the pan, shaking to help it find its level. Bake the bread for 1 hour, or until the center springs back and the edges are beginning to pull away from the pan. Cool the pan on a rack, then turn out and slice for serving., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 12 cup dark rum, 34 cup sugar, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 23 cup milk, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 34 cups flour, 34 cup coarsely chopped ripe papaya, Butter, for preparing pan], title: Papaya and Raisin Bread, picturelink: null}, 58790: {instructions: For the sauce: Place the ketchup, brown sugar, syrup, vinegar, Worcestershire, pepper and garlic in a small pot. Bring to a low boil, reduce the heat to low and thicken 15 minutes. This sauce stores well for weeks and makes a tasty sloppy Joe, burger baster and pork chop topper if you want to double the recipe. If using for a more allpurpose BBQ sauce, add 12 cup chicken stock and simmer for 20 minutes. For the chowder: Heat the EVOO in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat and add the bacon, if using. Cook until crisp 2 to 3 minutes. Add the potatoes, corn, celery, onions, bell pepper, chile, garlic, thyme, seafood seasoning and bay leaf, and stir. Cook to soften, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the beer and cook the beer down by half, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the beans, tomatoes, shredded chicken, BBQ Sauce, stock and 2 cups of water. Simmer a few minutes to combine the flavors, cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat. When ready to serve, peel, pit and dice the avocado and dress it in the lime juice. Place diced avocado and some broken tortilla chips in each soup bowl, top with the hot chowder and serve., ingredients: [1 cup organic ketchup, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons dark amber maple syrup, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 4 ounces smoky bacon, chopped, optional, 5 to 6 baby Yukon gold potatoes, chopped, 4 ears corn, cleaned and scraped, or 2 cups defrosted kernels, 2 to 3 ribs celery, chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 red chile pepper, such as Fresno, sliced or chopped 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 round tablespoon seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay a palmful, 1 bay leaf, One 12ounce bottle warm lager beer, One 15ounce can red kidney beans, Once 15ounce can fire roasted tomatoes, stewed tomatoes or diced tomatoes with chiles, 4 cups cooked chicken, chopped or shredded, 4 cups chicken stock, homemade or storebought, 1 ripe avocado, 1 lime, juiced, Tortilla chips], title: BBQ Chicken, Red Bean and Corn Country Chowder, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 58791: {instructions: Special equipment: nonstick tartlet pansnHeat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMix the sugar, egg whites, and coconut together. Put a spoonful in each of 24 minimuffin cups or individual tart molds. Press the dough into the molds to make little cups, with sides and a well for holding the chocolate filling. Bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Let cool completely in the pans, then gently remove.nTo make the filling, place the chopped chocolate in a small bowl. Heat the cream in a small saucepan just until boiling, then pour it over the chocolate and let it sit 1 minute then whisk gently to till glossy to melt the chocolate completely.nFill the tarts by pouring in the warm chocolate filling. Sprinkle a few pieces of chopped almond in the center of each tart while theyre still warm. Let set at room temperature at least 1 hour before serving, and serve them the same day they are made., ingredients: [Heaping 34 cup sugar, Scant 12 cup egg whites from about 3 eggs, 34 pound scant 2 12 cups sweetened flaked or desiccated coconut not shredded, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, A few toasted almonds, chopped], title: Chocolate Coconut Macaroon Pies, picturelink: null}, 58792: {instructions: In a food processor, add the parsley, butter, Italian seasoning, garlic, lemon zest and juice, scallions, a nice pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Blend until smooth taste and season with more salt if needed.nUse on garlic bread, broiled oysters, baked fish, roast chicken, scrambled eggs, lamb, twirled with pastajust use it, mmmkay, ingredients: [2 cups loosely packed fresh parsley, 2 sticks salted butter, cut into cubes, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 6 cloves garlic, Zest of 2 lemons plus 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 scallions, white and green parts, cut in quarters, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Green Garlic Herbed Butter, picturelink: null}, 58793: {instructions: Heat grill. Coat chicken with olive oil and season with garlic powder, salt, and pepper.nFor the topping, heat olive oil in a skillet and saute onion and garlic until onion is translucent. Stir in tomatoes, olives and capers, if using, and season with salt and pepper. Allow to cook and thicken.nGrill chicken over high heat until cooked through, about 8 to 10 minutes per side depending on the thickness, and serve with topping., ingredients: [6 6ounce boneless chicken breasts, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large white onion, medium diced, 2 cloves garlic, crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 29 to 32ounce can plum tomatoes or 2 pounds fresh tomatoes about 4 to 6, medium diced, 12 cup chopped green olives, 12 cup pitted and chopped calamata olives, 2 tablespoons capers, optional, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Convoy Chicken, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 58794: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nLay the pepperoni slices in a single layer on a baking sheet and bake for 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove the pan from the oven and soak up the excess grease by pressing paper towels against the pepperoni chips. Return the pan to the oven and bake an additional 2 to 4 minutes, until the pepperoni slices are very crispy.nServe as a snack anytime or use in place of crackers for dipping or for topping with your favorite cheese Theyll stay fresh and crispy for 1 to 2 days if you store them in an airtight container., ingredients: [6 ounces pepperoni, thinly sliced], title: Crispy Pepperoni Chips, picturelink: null}, 58795: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nWith a rolling pin, roll out each bread slice until thin. Cut out bread with plain round cutter 1 12 inches in diameter and flatten again with a rolling pin. Oil small muffin tins and place the bread rounds inside. Bake until golden. Store the croustade shells covered in a dry area.nReduce the cream by half and reserve until needed. Saute the chicken in 1 tablespoon oil until half cooked. Add the prosciutto and continue to cook until is thoroughly heated and chicken is thoroughly cooked. Add the cream and black pepper, to taste bring to a simmer. Add a little hot cream to the egg yolk to temper and add to pot, being careful not to boil. Add the cheese, basil, and parsley. Adjust seasoning. Fill the croustade shells sprinkle with a little additional grated Parmesan and brown lightly under a broiler or salamander. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 loaf soft white bread, sliced into 30 pieces, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus extra for muffin tins, 34 cup heavy cream, 12 pound raw chicken breast meat, cut into small dice, 14 pound prosciutto ham, cut into small dice, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 egg yolk, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more as needed for topping, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Chicken Croustade, picturelink: null}, 58796: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDrop prepared cookie dough by tablespoons onto ungreased cookie sheets, leaving 1inch between each cookie. Press the macadamia nuts into the dough. Bake until golden around the edges, about 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 package prepared sugar cookie dough, 1 cup macadamia nuts, coarsely chopped], title: Hawaii 50 Cookies, picturelink: null}, 58797: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook until just cooked through, about 20 minutes. Strain and allow to cool. Remove skin with a paring knife, cut into 1inch pieces, and set aside.nHeat canola oil in a large heavybottomed pot to 325 degrees F.nCarefully fry the potatoes until just cooked and a light tan color, about 5 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside to dry on a sheet pan or plate lined with paper towels.nIncrease the heat of the oil to 475 degrees F. Return the potatoes to the oil and fry until golden and crispy, about 2 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on the paper towellined plate. Season generously with salt and smoked Spanish paprika., ingredients: [3 pounds extralarge Yukon gold potatoes substitution: another waxy potato, 6 cups canola oil, Kosher salt, for seasoning, Smoked Spanish paprika, for seasoning], title: Patatas Bravas, picturelink: OWCF3seB5Kd2npYxlk81ILS09KZ5gf6}, 58798: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace cauliflower and broccoli into a 9 by 13 inch baking dish, toss with the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt. Cover the dish and bake for 12 hour. Remove the cover, stir and cook for 30 to 40 minutes more, until vegetables are tender and nicely browned, stirring occasionally., ingredients: [1 small head cauliflower 2 pounds, cut into florets, 2 large stalks broccoli 1 pound, cut into florets, 1 head garlic, broken into cloves, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Roasted Cauliflower and Broccoli, picturelink: YcYGWtOGZNrjYrnokW5lMi8I52pWSm}, 58799: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a pitcher, combine the pineapple, guava and passion fruit juices along with the rum and stir to mix thoroughly. Divide the punch between 4 glasses filled with ice. Top each glass with a 12 cup of Champagne and a pineapple ring on the rim of each glass. Garnish with guava balls and a cocktail umbrella., ingredients: [1 cup pineapple juice, 1 cup guava juice, 1 cup passion fruit juice, 1 cup rum, 2 cups Champagne or sparkling wine, 4 pineapple rings, Guava balls, as needed, Cocktail umbrellas, as needed], title: Hawaiian Honeymoon Punch, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}}