{58800: {instructions: For the puff pastry squares: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Carefully unfold the puff pastry and cut out twelve 3by3inch squares. Line a half sheet tray with a nonstick silicon mat or spray with nonstick spray. Spread the squares out evenly on the half sheet tray, and lightly brush with the cream. Bake in the oven until golden and puffy, 10 to 15 minutes. Transfer the puffs to a wire rack to cool.nFor the orange sabayon: Combine the sugar and egg yolks in a large metal mixing bowl. Set the bowl over a pot of simmering water to create a doubleboiler and whisk until the yolks become pale yellow in color. Continue to whisk over low to medium heat until the mixture begins to thicken, about 10 minutes. Add the juices and zests and continue to whisk so the sauce thickens back up again. Add the liqueur and whisk until incorporated and the sabayon is light, fluffy and has good volume, 2 minutes longer. Assemble the raspberries and puff pastry together on a plate if serving individual plates, allow 2 puffs per plate. Drizzle with the honey and pour the sabayon over and around the raspberries and puff pastry squares. Dust with the confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry about 12 ounces, thawed, Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 8 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon orange zest, 14 teaspoon lemon zest, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Grand Marnier, 2 cups fresh raspberries, 14 cup orange blossom honey, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: Puff Pastries with Raspberries and Orange Sabayon, picturelink: gcTbMpYeCPbQFvnE7kk08BfSmGaeLi}, 58801: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCore the nectarines and cut into 8ths. Take 4 12inch pieces of foil and divide the nectarines in the middle of each foil sheet. Drizzle the nectarines with the honey and fold foil over creating a packet. Place packets on a baking sheet and in the oven for 10 minutes. Once nectarines are soft remove the nectarines from the packet. Serve on a 4 plates and top with 14 cup Greek yogurt. Drizzle with honey and serve., ingredients: [4 nectarines, pitted and cut into 8ths, 4 tablespoon honey, plus more for drizzling, 1 cup Greek yogurt], title: Baked Nectarines with Greek Yogurt and Honey, picturelink: ZCmSzYrju8.w.w50lZX0bKLXjt5WbZ2}, 58802: {instructions: Whisk the cornstarch with 2 tablespoons rice wine in a medium bowl add the beef, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Set aside for 15 minutes.nMix the remaining 1 tablespoon rice wine, the oyster sauce and sesame oil in a large bowl set the bowl near the stove.nHeat a wok or large nonstick skillet over high heat until very hot, about 1 minute. Add 3 tablespoons peanut oil, then the ginger, garlic and chiles stirfry until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the beef and cook, stirring or shaking the skillet occasionally, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the beef with a slotted spoon to the sauce mixture and toss.nIf the pan is dry, add 1 tablespoon peanut oil, then add the onion and stirfry until just soft, about 2 minutes. Add the bok choy and sugar stirfry until just wilted, 1 to 2 minutes. Return the beef and any juices to the pan and stir to combine. Serve over the rice.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon cornstarch, 3 tablespoons Chinese Shaoxing rice wine, dry sherry or white vermouth, 1 pound beef sirloin, thinly sliced against the grain into strips, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 3 to 4 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 5 to 7 dried red chiles, halved, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 8 heads baby bok choy, halved, Pinch of sugar, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Spicy Beef StirFry, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 58803: {instructions: Boil 2 bunches asparagus 4 to 5 minutes drain. Mix 12 cup chopped parsley, 1 tablespoon each lemon zest and juice, 1 minced garlic clove, 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper in a bowl. Drizzle the asparagus with olive oil and top with the parsley mixture.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: LemonParsley Asparagus, picturelink: 7HzkjA2PIiNMRWIIRnxDD14M0PYgu}, 58804: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the bacon slices in a medium skillet until crisp. Drain on paper towels and halve the slices crosswise set aside.nPreheat a gas grill or stovetop griddle to mediumhigh heat.nIn a small bowl, toss together 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, the tomatoes, basil and garlic season with salt and pepper, toss to combine and set aside.nStand the iceberg head upright on the core. With a sharp knife, cut a 1inchthick slice out of the center thickest part of the lettuce head, creating a thick, round disc. Lay the lettuce disc on a work surface and cut away the core. Slicing horizontally, cut the disc in half again, creating two 12inchthick round lettuce steaks.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and the paprika, and season with salt and pepper. Brush both sides of the lettuce steaks with the oil mixture and grill just to give the lettuce a little color, about 30 seconds on each side.nTo assemble the salad, put the grilled iceberg discs on 2 serving plates. Slice the top and bottom of each egg so it will stand upright, and halve each crosswise set 3 egg halves upright on each lettuce disc. Arrange 6 wedges of avocado and 6 pieces of bacon on each disc, pointing inward and stacking them on top of each other. Scatter the radish slices and onion rings evenly over each salad and divide the tomatoes between each, scattering them over the top. Drizzle a little olive oil and the red wine vinegar over each salad and onto the plate. Sprinkle the blue cheese over the top of the salads and onto the plate and garnish each with a sprinkling of chopped herbs. Serve immediately.nBring a medium saucepan of water to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Lower the eggs into the water and cook for exactly 6 minutes. Note: It is imperative that the eggs are at room temperature before cooking them to achieve the right consistency with this method.nMeanwhile, fill a bowl with ice water. Using a strainer or slotted spoon, remove the eggs from the boiling water and lower them into the ice water. Let stand for at least 5 minutes peel. When sliced, the eggs should have firm whites with runny yolks that are just beginning to set., ingredients: [6 thickcut 14inch slices bacon, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 8 cherry tomatoes, halved, 2 leaves fresh basil, thinly sliced, 1 small clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, 1 teaspoon paprika preferably smoked, 3 Perfect SoftBoiled 6 Minute Eggs, recipe follows, 1 avocado, halved, pitted, peeled and cut lengthwise into 12 wedges, 2 small red radishes, very thinly sliced, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced and separated into rings about 12 rings, 1 to 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, or to taste, 13 cup crumbled blue cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh herbs, such as basil, parsley and chives, for garnish, optional, 6 large eggs, at room temperature], title: Grilled Cobb Wedge, picturelink: lArXLJ2wihFcQ8Ift4KQJKg.LOuiJ.}, 58805: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly coat baking sheets with cooking spray or line with parchment.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients with a wooden spoon.nDrop by heaping tablespoons onto prepared baking sheets. Bake until set, about 17 to 20 minutes.nRemove from oven and cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before transferring to cooling racks., ingredients: [1 22 12ounce box brownie mix, 13 cup vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, 2 12 cups quickcooking oats, 1 cup raisins], title: Chocolate Oatmeal Raisin Cookies, picturelink: null}, 58806: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat. Stir in peanut butter until melted.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Using buttered spatula or wax paper evenly press mixture into 13 x 9 x 2inch pan coated with cooking spray. Cool. Cut into 2inch squares. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS: In microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Add peanut butter, stirring until combined. Follow steps 2 and 3 above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 12 cup peanut butter, 6 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal], title: Peanut Butter Treats TM, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 58807: {instructions: The night before you want to make the cassoulet, put the dried beans in a pot with enough cold water to cover them by at least an inch. Let the beans soak overnight in the refrigerator, then rinse and drain them. Or, if youre in a rushor you havent planned far enough in advancebring the water with the beans to a boil, boil for 2 minutes, pull the pot from the heat, and soak the beans for an hour. Rinse the beans under cold water and drain.nWarm 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a small saute pan or skillet over medium heat. When its hot, add the onion and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onion and garlic are tender but not colored, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and, when its incorporated evenly, add the diced tomato pull the pan from the heat and set aside.nPut the beans in a Dutch oven or large casserole. Pour in the stock and bring to the boil. Add the celery, carrots, turnips, fennel, split tomato, and the bouquet garni. Cut a parchment paper circle to fit inside the pot see Glossary, page 369 and press the paper gently against the ingredients. Lower the heat so that the liquid bubbles at a steady simmer, and cook, stirring now and then, until the beans are tender, about 1 hour. Season the casserole with salt and pepper shortly before the beans are cooked through. When the beans are done, pull the pot from the heat and remove and discard the bouquet garni and whatever is left of the tomato. Drain the liquid from the pot into a pitcher and keep close at hand. Working gently, transfer the vegetables to a bowl.nSpoon the beans into a baking disha pottery casserole would be perfectand stir in the oniontomato paste mixture along with the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add enough of the reserved cooking liquid to just cover the beans. Top with the vegetables and moisten with more of the cooking liquid. Reserve the remaining liquid if you are going to reheat the cassoulet. The cassoulet can be made up to this point a day in advance, cooled, and stored tightly covered in the refrigerator. Bring it to room temperature, then reheat it for about 1 hour in a 350 degree F. oven, adding some of the reserved cooking liquid if the casserole seems dry. Fifteen minutes before the cassoulets ready, put on the crust and turn up the oven temperature, as directed below.nThe Crust: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss together the bread crumbs, garlic, and parsley and stir in the melted butter. Spread the mixture evenly over the cassoulet and slide the casserole into the oven. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until the crumbs are golden brown and crusty.nTo Serve: Bring the casserole to the table and serve immediately, spooning crust, vegetables, and beans into warm soup plates., ingredients: [2 cups rinsed cannelini beans, picked over and rinsed, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 12 onion, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 14inch dice, 3 large cloves garlic, peeled, split, germ removed, and finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 2 tomatoes, 1 peeled, seeded, and cut into 14inch dice, the other just cut in half, 7 cups unsalted Vegetable Stock page 348 or storebought lowsodium vegetable broth, 6 stalks celery, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 3inch lengths, 3 medium carrots, peeled, trimmed, and cut into 3inch lengths, 2 large turnips, peeled, trimmed, and quartered, 1 medium fennel bulb, trimmed and quartered, Bouquet garni 3 sprigs Italian parsley, 2 sprigs sage, and 2 sprigs thyme, tied together with kitchen twine, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 large cloves garlic, peeled, split, germ removed, and very finely chopped, 14 cup chopped Italian parsley leaves, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted], title: Root Vegetable Cassoulet, picturelink: null}, 58808: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. When it comes to a boil, add salt and then rice. Stir and then boil for 15 minutes or until just cooked. Drain, toss with butter, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and serve.nCooks note: 1 cup raw equals 3 cups cooked., ingredients: [1 13 cups long grain rice, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, Salt], title: Rice, picturelink: null}, 58809: {instructions: Cut each lime into wedges. Put 4 wedges in a short rocks glass. Add 2 tablespoons of sugar and muddle with a bar tool muddler or use a spoon or pestle. Add a splash of mango nectar, to taste. Fill the glass with ice and pour 2 ounces of cachaca over the ice. Garnish with slice of mango and a lime wedge. Repeat to make 3 more drinks., ingredients: [3 to 4 limes, 12 cup sugar, 1 8ounce bottle mango nectar, Ice, Cachaca Brazilian liquor recommended: Pintu, 1 fresh ripe mango, peeled and sliced], title: Mango Lime Caipirinha, picturelink: PGr3rEg6YEmFJGYuQK2lHY9gauX88EC}, 58810: {instructions: Spread butter on one side of each slice of rye bread. Place corned beef, sauerkraut and cheese on one slice of bread and top with other slice. Grill, butter side down, on skillet or griddle until bread is toasted and cheese is melted. Serve with thousand island dressing., ingredients: [2 slices rye bread, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 pound corned beef, thinly sliced, 12 cup sauerkraut, 2 slices Swiss cheese, Thousand island Dressing], title: Reuben, picturelink: null}, 58811: {instructions: Bring 6 cups of water to a boil in a heavy large saucepan. Add 1 34 teaspoons of salt. Gradually whisk in the cornmeal. Reduce the heat and simmer until the mixture thickens and the cornmeal is tender, stirring often, about 20 minutes. After 10 minutes, you can switch to a wooden spoon for easier stirring.nTurn off the heat. Add the butter, cream and Gorgonzola and stir until the cheese melts. Season with additional salt and pepper, to taste. Transfer the polenta to a bowl and serve.nNote: If youre making the polenta ahead of time, put it on a double boiler and cover it with plastic wrap to keep it warm., ingredients: [6 cups water, 1 34 teaspoons salt, 1 12 cups yellow cornmeal, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 ounces mild Gorgonzola, cut into 12inch cubes, Additional salt and freshly ground black pepper, optional], title: Polenta with Gorgonzola Cheese, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 58812: {instructions: Make the sauce: In a bowl, mix the cornstarch, confectioners sugar, cayenne pepper, salt and black pepper. In a large saute pan over low heat, combine the bourbon, 1 cup water, the soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, maple syrup, sesame oil, vinegar, mustard, garlic, onion, Tabasco, brown sugar and granulated sugar. Bring up the heat to a simmer and slowly add the dry mix to the wet, whisking vigorously as you go. When the mixture is well combined, cook about 1 more minute. Turn off the heat.nPreheat a grill or griddle over mediumhigh heat.nMake the burgers: Form the meat into 6 patties. Lightly season with salt, pepper and garlic salt. Grill the patties to medium, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Add 2 strips of bacon to each patty. Melt a thick slice of smoked cheese over each bacon burger.nPlace the burgers between the buns, drizzling a generous amount of bourbon sauce on each burger.nPhotograph by Jennifer Causey, ingredients: [14 cup cornstarch, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup bourbon, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons pure maple syrup, 13 cup sesame oil, 2 12 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon minced onion, 1 12 teaspoons Tabasco sauce, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 pounds USDA choice Angus ground chuck, Salt, pepper and garlic salt, 12 slices thickcut smokehouse bacon, cooked until crispy, 6 thick slices smoked cheddar cheese, 6 fresh bakery buns, toasted and buttered], title: Triple B Burgers, picturelink: rkgLy1WBMWhnpRdXdmbyASq19sLqsZW}, 58813: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9inch springformnPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Lightly spray a 9inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray.nIn the bowl of a food processor, process the graham crackers until finely crushed. Add the melted butter and process until it resembles wet sand. Press the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan and bake until golden around the edges and fragrant, 7 minutes. Set aside to cool.nIn a medium bowl, stir together the apple butter, cinnamon, salt and caramel sauce. Set aside.nPlace the softened ice cream in a large bowl. Add the caramel mixture and the almonds, and fold everything together with a rubber spatula until completely incorporated. Switch to a whisk if you like. Pour the mixture over the crust. Place a piece of plastic wrap directly on top of the cake. Place in the freezer and freeze at least 8 hours or ideally overnight.nTo serve, run a thin knife around the edge of the pan, and then release the sides. Sprinkle with the almond toffee, slice and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 9 whole cinnamon graham crackers, 6 tablespoons butter, melted, 34 cup plain apple butter, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, One 12.25ounce jar caramel sauce, 1 12 quarts vanilla ice cream, softened, such as Edys, 13 cup slivered almonds, toasted, Chopped chocolate almond toffee, such as Almond Roca, for garnish], title: Caramel Apple Semifreddo, picturelink: 8bbaHAsYCxFhHcKgzp.gFfFpYKt0VbK}, 58814: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nShuck the corn and remove all the silks. Wash and drain the corn. Shave just the tips of the kernels using a very sharp knife or vegetable peeler cut away from you, allowing the tips to fall into a large bowl. Using the back of the knife, scrape the creamy juice from the kernels into the same bowl.nMelt the butter in a skillet over medium heat and add the corn. Cook, stirring often, until thickened, about 20 minutes. Season with salt., ingredients: [4 ears fresh sweet corn, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, Salt], title: CreamStyle Corn, picturelink: nvkKD3D3kLst4kdPoa292bQhMzliq}, 58815: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line muffin pans with paper liners.nCream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment on high speed, until light and fluffy. On medium speed, add the eggs, 2 at a time, then add the sour cream and vanilla. Scrape down the sides and stir until smooth.nSift together the flour, cornstarch, salt, and baking soda in a bowl. With the mixer on low speed, add the flour mixture to the butter mixture until just combined. Fill the cupcake liners to the top with batter. Bake in the center of the oven for 20 to 30 minutes, until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool to room temperature.nFor the icing, mix the butter, cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, on low speed, mixing just until smooth. Spread the frosting generously on top of each cupcake., ingredients: [18 tablespoons 2 14 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups sugar, 6 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sour cream, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup cornstarch, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 34 pound 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 pound confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 14 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Flower Cupcakes, picturelink: C4p6AGo0lj88vJznua7uCn.P7tX2RC}, 58816: {instructions: Prepare a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat or greased parchment or wax paper.nIn a large sized heavybottomed sauce pan, with a candy thermometer attached, bring all the ingredients, excluding the chocolate, to a boil over medium low heat.nContinue to cook and stir the mixture until it reads 275 degrees F on the candy thermometer.nThe mixture will be much thicker. Stir constantly until it reaches 315 degrees F, which will happen pretty quickly. Remove it from the heat and stir until very smooth, just a few seconds.nPour the toffee onto the prepared baking sheet.nUsing a spatula, spread the toffee out, working quickly because the toffee will set fast.nUsing a pastry wheel or pizza cutter, VERY GENTLY you dont want to cut so deep that it actually reaches the bottom or you may destroy your silpat score the toffee into bite sized pieces.nYou should get about 72 pieces. Again work quickly so the toffee doesnt set before you are done.nAllow the toffee to sit until it is room temperature and then break apart the pieces.nMelt the chocolate over a double boiler until perfectly smooth. Remove from the heat and allow to cool to just above room temperature. If the chocolate is too hot it will run off the toffee and not give you a nice coating, if it is too cold it will be too thick to work with.nSet up a second baking sheet with a sheet of parchment or wax paper.nDrop a piece of the toffee into the chocolate. Use a fork to flip the toffee over to coat the other side.nLift the covered toffee from the chocolate and shake gently to allow the excess to fall away.nIn order to get a nice smooth bottom, you want to scrape the bottom of the fork on the edge of the bowl, before laying it on the parchment to harden.nIf you want to sprinkle with toasted nuts and sea salt, this is the time.nContinue dipping until they are all covered in chocolate. Allow them to sit out in a cool spot to set up or you can set them in the refrigerator for a few minutes until they are firm.nFill decorative bags as gifts for Valentines Day., ingredients: [1 pound 2 sticks unsalted butte, 2 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup brown sugar, 34 cup water, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons instant coffee powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 pound bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted, Toasted nuts, optional, Sea salt, optional], title: ChocolateCovered Toffee, picturelink: Ok79UJw9jdBC3TZpXncsAbxjKHG.OlS}, 58817: {instructions: Rub the marinade all over the chicken pieces. Place in a bowl, cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour or as long as overnight. Preheat the oven to 350. Lift the chicken pieces from the marinade and transfer to a roasting pan. Roast for about 40 minutes, or until the meat easily pulls away from the bone. Set the chicken aside to cool and pour the cooking juices from the pan into a bowl or cup.nRefrigerate the juices so that the fat rises to the top. When the chicken is cool, remove and discard the skin, if desired, and bones and cut or shred the meat into bitesized pieces. Refrigerate the chicken if you do not plan to use it right away. When you are ready to make the tacos, skim off and discard the fat which has risen from the cooking juices, and use the brown cooking liquid which remains to reheat the chicken in a low oven.nDip a corn tortilla in some water and shake off the excess. Toast one at a time in a nonstick pan over medium heat for about 1 minute on each side. Wrap in a towel to keep warm while you dip and heat the remaining tortillas.nFor each taco, stack 2 tortillas. Divide the warm chicken and place on top. Top with Salsa Fresca, sliced avocado, and chopped cilantro.nCombine 13 cup of the orange juice, the achiote paste, jalapenos, garlic, peppercorns and salt in a blender or food processor. Puree until the peppercorns are completely crushed. Add the cilantro and the remaining 13 cup orange juice and puree until smooth.nIn large bowl combine all ingredients and stir until smooth. The dough should be slightly sticky and form a ball when pressed together. To test, flatten a small piece of dough between your palms. If the edges crack, add water to the dough, a tablespoon at a time, until a test piece does not crack.nDivide the dough into 24 golf ball size pieces for tacos and 12 large balls for quesadillas. Place on a platter and cover with a damp towel. Line a tortilla press with 2 sheets of plastic cut from a plastic freezer bag or other heavy duty plastic bag.nHeat a dry cast iron skillet, or nonstick pan until moderately hot. Flatten each ball of dough in the tortilla press, then remove the plastic from the top and, holding the tortilla with your fingertips, peel off the bottom sheet. Lay the tortillas one by one on the skillet and cook about 30 to 45 seconds per side, pressing the top of each tortilla with your fingertips to make it puff. Place the hot tortillas on a towel.nWhen they are still warm but not hot, stack and wrap in a towel. Serve immediately or let cool, wrap well in plastic or a plastic bag and store in the refrigerator up to a week.nIn a mixing bowl combine all the ingredients. Stir and toss well. Store in a covered container in the refrigerator no more than 1 day., ingredients: [1 recipe Achiote Citrus Marinade recipe follows, 1 12 pounds chicken legs and thighs, 24 small corn tortillas recipe follows, or use storebought, 1 recipe Salsa Fresca recipe follows, 2 avocados, peeled and sliced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, 23 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 14 cup achiote paste, 2 to 3 jalapeno chiles stemmed and seeded if desired, 7 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 bunch cilantro, stems and leaves, 4 cups finely ground deep yellow masa harina, 2 34 cups cold water, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 medium ripe tomatoes, cored, seeded, and finely diced, 14 red onion, minced, 2 jalapeno chiles, stemmed, seeded and minced, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only chopped, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 34 teaspoon salt, Pinch of freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken Tacos, picturelink: null}, 58818: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the port, sugar, cider vinegar, cloves, orange zest, cinnamon, salt and 1 cup water. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add the prunes simmer until softened and plumped, about 10 minutes. Allow the prunes to cool in the poaching liquid for 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, remove the prunes to a plate and allow to cool completely.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUsing a paring knife, make a slit from stem to tip in each of the prunes. Stuff each with a piece of Parmesan and wrap in a quarter slice of prosciutto. Place the wrapped prunes, seamside down, on a rimmed baking sheet.nBake until the prosciutto is crispy and the Parmesan is soft and melted, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup port wine, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 3 cloves, 3 strips orange zest, 1 cinnamon stick, Pinch kosher salt, 20 pitted prunes, 4 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, cut into bitesize pieces, 5 thin slices Prosciutto di Parma, sliced into quarters], title: Parmesan and Prosciutto Spiced Plums, picturelink: QqNr3rZyrcv0HbcWbNwmUra.uQvgH2a}, 58819: {instructions: Fill the fryer with oil and heat to 375 degrees F. Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nCut the cod into 1by3inch strips, using a sharp knife.nCombine the flour, seafood seasoning, baking soda and a pinch salt in a medium bowl. Make a well in the center and gently pour in the beer. Mix until just combined. Working in batches, coat the fish generously in the batter.nFry the fish in batches until golden brown and crispy, turning the fish over to make sure they fry evenly, about 5 minutes. Transfer immediately to paper towels to blot the excess oil. Season with salt while the fish are still very hot.nArrange the fish on a baking sheet lined with a cooling rack, and insert a cocktail toothpicks into each piece. Hold in the oven until ready to serve.nServe with a small dollop of the Salt and Malt Vinegar Aioli on top of the fried cod.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, vinegar, parsley and garlic in a medium bowl until combined. Stir in the salt, adding more to taste, if needed. Reserve until ready to use., ingredients: [Peanut or canola oil, for frying, 4 pounds skinless cod fillets, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 1 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 1 bottle lager, cold, such as Harp, Salt and Malt Vinegar Aioli, for serving, recipe follows, 2 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup malt vinegar, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 1 clove garlic, finely minced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt], title: Cod Goujonettes with Salt and Malt Vinegar Aioli, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 58820: {instructions: In a large soup pot, heat the vegetable oil. Add the leeks, cover and cook for a couple of minutes until they begin to soften. Add the garlic and cabbage, 1 cup of the water, cover and cook for 10 minutes or until the cabbage has wilted. Add the remaining water, zucchini and green beans, cover and simmer for 5 minutes or until the vegetables are somewhat tender. Add the pasta, cover and simmer for 10 minutes or until the pasta is tender. At this point check the level of liquid if the soup seems somewhat thick, just add more water to bring the level of the liquid back up to where it was at the beginning of cooking time. Add the peas and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes to heat through. Season carefully with salt and pepper. Remove the soup from the heat and stir in the fresh herbs. Serve with 1 or 2 of the garnishes, according to taste., ingredients: [4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 leeks white and green parts cleaned and sliced, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 medium cabbage, shredded finely, 6 cups water or homemade chicken broth, 2 zucchini, trimmed, seeded and cut into 12 inch half moons, 12 pound green beans cut into 1inch lengths or haricots verts cut in half, 12 cup orzo or other small shaped pasta, 1 package 10 ounces frozen petite peas, thawed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon each chopped parsley, mint and chives, 1 tablespoon chiffonade of basil, Freshly grated Parmesan or Romano cheese, Pesto or other herb paste], title: Green on Green Pasta Soup, picturelink: null}, 58821: {instructions: Whisk together all marinade ingredients and marinate the sardines for 2 hoursnFor the Salsa: Mix all the ingredients in a large bowl.nPreheat grill to medium heat. Lightly oil the grill. Place the sardines on the preheated grill and discard marinade. Cook sardines for 5 to 7 minutes depending on size or until they flake easily with a fork. Serve with angel hair pasta, andor antipasto salad, if desired., ingredients: [5 ounces fresh sardines, 1ounce lemon juice, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 12 cup olive oil, 13 cup water, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 ripe tomatoes, chopped, 3 green onions, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup chopped basil leaves, 12 cup chopped red onions, 13 cup chopped parsley, 14 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Angel hair pasta andor antipasto salad, or serving, optional], title: Grilled Monterey Sardines, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 58822: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a medium skillet with extravirgin olive oil and butter over medium to mediumhigh heat. When fat is hot, add garlic and mushrooms and place a lid which is too small for the skillet down into the pan, pressing and smothering the mushrooms. Cook 7 to 8 minutes, stirring once, then wilt the kale into the pan, turning it with tongs to combine with mushrooms. Smother the greens for 1 to 2 minutes, then deglaze the pan with Marsala and season the mixture with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 24 small crimini mushrooms, wiped clean, halved, 1 bunch kale, trimmed, stems removed and chopped, 14 cup Marsala or other sherry, Salt and pepper], title: Smothered Mushrooms and Kale, picturelink: tixRs0ft9WXydb2s3335jSVfIjZRSYO}, 58823: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 13x9inch glass casserole or lasagna pan. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan, add the bread cubes and stir to coat evenly. Spread the cubes on a baking sheet and bake 15 minutes or until lightly brown and crisp. Remove the bread and turn the oven temperature up to 440 degrees.nCombine the sugar and water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cinnamon and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the chopped apples, walnuts, cream cheese and toasted bread cubes. Drizzle with the reserved sugar syrup and mix to evenly distribute. Transfer the mixture to the prepared pan.nBake, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes. Then bake an additional 5 minutes, without stirring, until the top is golden brown and crusty and the liquid is almost gone. Serve warm with pitchers of heavy crema or heavy cream for adding at the table., ingredients: [8 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 loaf French bread or baguette, with crust, cut into small cubes, 1 pound brown sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 large Granny Smith apples, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 cup walnuts, 12 pound cream cheese, chilled and chopped], title: Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 58824: {}, 58825: {instructions: On a baking sheet toast the bread slices in batches under a preheated broiler about 3 inches from the heat for about 1 minute on each side, or until they are golden, transferring them as they are toasted to a work surface. Rub 1 side of each toast slice with the cut side of a garlic clove, brush it with some of the oil, and season it with salt., ingredients: [8 34inchthick slices crusty peasant bread, preferably from a large round loaf, 3 garlic cloves, halved crosswise, 6 tablespoons olive oil, preferably extravirgin, Salt], title: Garlic Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 58826: {instructions: In a small pot, bring the water to a boil over medium heat, and add 12 cup of the sugar. Shut off the heat, add the mint leaves and set aside to cool. Once you can smell the mint, after about 2 to 3 minutes, strain and set aside. Discard mint leaves.nIn a large pitcher, combine and muddle 2 pints raspberries with 14 cup of the sugar and the lime juice. Stir to blend with a spoon, crushing the raspberries Add the mint simple syrup and refrigerate.nWhen ready to serve, remove the pitcher from the refrigerator. Top off with Champagne and pour into champagne flutes. Garnish with remaining raspberries and serve., ingredients: [1 cup water, 34 cup superfine sugar, divided, A couple sprigs mint, stemmed and washed, 3 pints fresh raspberries, divided, 14 cup lime juice, 1 bottle chilled Champagne], title: Raspberry and Lime Brunch Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 58827: {instructions: Caramelized Onions: Heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft and lightly caramelized about 15 minutes. Add the mustard and a pinch of salt and cook for another 2 minutes. Remove the onions from the pan to a small bowl and set aside.nSpecial Sauce: In a medium bowl combine all the ingredients and whisk until smooth.nBurgers: Preheat the broiler to low.nForm the ground meat mixture into 6 equal patties. Do not over handle or compress the patties, keep them loose. This will help create a tender burger. Over mixing and compacting will result in a tough heavy burger.nHeat the canola oil a large heavybottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat.nIn a small bowl combine the salt, pepper and garlic powder and season the burgers generously with the mixture. Put the patties in the skillet and cook for 4 minutes. Flip and let cook for 1 minute, then top each patty with a piece of cheese. Cook for another 2 minutes until the cheese is melted and the burgers are medium.nWhile the burgers are cooking, lightly brush the buns with melted butter and put them on a sheet pan. Broil until lightly toasted, about 2 minutes.nTo assemble, split the buns and spread each half with about a tablespoon of the special sauce. Put the burgers on the bottom half of each bun, top with caramelized onions, tomato and lettuce. Cover with the top half of the bun and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 medium onions, diced, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, Pinch salt, 13 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 12 teaspoon paprika], title: West Coast Burger, picturelink: null}, 58828: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHalve 4 of the small zucchini lengthwise and scoop out the seeds and soft center flesh with a spoon to produce a set of shallow shells to hold the stuffing. Reserve the center flesh. Arrange the small hulls in a baking dish. Drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Chop the reserved zucchini flesh and set aside.nHeat the remaining extravirgin olive oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and saute the mushrooms, onions and garlic for 5 minutes. Add in the reserved zucchini and tomatoes, season with salt and pepper, to taste and heat through for 1 minute, then remove from the heat.nWhile the veggies cook, toast the bread in a toaster, then spread liberally with butter and tear into pieces. Add the bread to a food processor along with the parsley and tarragon or basil, and pulse into herb crumbs.nFold the herb crumbs into the veggies along with 12 cup Parmesan and the egg. Mound the zucchini stuffing in to the shells and roast for 15 minutes. Remove from the oven, sprinkle the tops with remaining cheese and broil for 2 to 3 minutes to brown., ingredients: [4 small zucchini, 5 to 6inches long, 1 12inches thick, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 crimini mushrooms, chopped, 1 small to medium yellow onion, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, grated or chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 vine ripe tomatoes or Roma tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 2 slices white toasting bread, Softened butter, A small handful flatleaf parsley, A few sprigs fresh tarragon or a small handful basil leaves, 34 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano, 1 egg, beaten], title: Stuffed Young Zucchini, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 58829: {instructions: Heat a skillet with oven safe handle over medium high heat. Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSeason the chops with salt and pepper. To hot skillet, add 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, then the chops. Brown the veal for 2 minutes on each side, remove from pan to a plate. Add another tablespoon extravirgin olive oil to the pan, then the garlic and sweet peppers. Cook garlic and sweet peppers 3 to 5 minutes to soften, then add the wine to the pan. Return the chops to the pan with the peppers and transfer the pan to the oven. Cook the chops and peppers 12 to 15 minutes until juices run clear near the bone. Remove the pan from oven and add hot peppers and a splash of pepper juice. Transfer chops to a serving platter. Spoon juices and peppers evenly over the chops and garnish with parsley., ingredients: [4 1 12inch thick cut bonein veal chops, Salt and pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 4 cloves garlic, smashed away from skins, 6 cubanelle Italian sweet peppers, sliced, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 hot cherry peppers, chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons juice from pepper jar, a splash, Chopped flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Veal Chops with Peppers, picturelink: null}, 58830: {instructions: Fill a shaker with ice. Add vodka and hazelnut liqueur and shake to combine. Dip lemon wedge into sugar. Strain vodka and hazelnut liqueur into a snifter or lowball glass. Bite lemon with sugar, then drink from snifter. Swallow, then exhale. Tastes just like German chocolate cake., ingredients: [2 cups ice, 2 ounces citrus vodka, 2 ounces hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, 1 fresh lemon wedge, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: German Chocolate Cake, picturelink: bylcgoGffMFXRJijqADaOISY9Li12RO}, 58831: {}, 58832: {instructions: Over a large bowl shuck clams, reserving clams and clam juice separately. You will have about 2 cups juice.nIn a large bowl combine red bell pepper, green bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, coriander and garlic. Stir in lime juice. While stirring, slowly add olive oil, then reserved clam juice in a slow stream. Season with pepper.nTo serve, divide soup among 6 wide shallow soup bowls and top each with 6 clams., ingredients: [36 very fresh littleneck clams, 34 cup very finely diced red bell pepper, 6 tablespoons very finely diced green bell pepper, 1 tablespoon very finely diced jalapeno pepper, 34 cup very finely minced fresh coriander leaves, 34 teaspoon very finely minced garlic, 6 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 cup olive oil, Freshlyground pepper], title: Spicy Raw Clam Soup with Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 58833: {instructions: Combine all ingredients into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down and simmer for 30 minutes with the lid on. Let cool. Chill in the refrigerator for a couple of hours or overnight. Serve on turkey sandwiches or with pork chops. It is a good condiment with outdoor cooking., ingredients: [1 packet salsa seasoning mix, 1 6ounce package dried apricots, chopped, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup vinegar, 1 cup sweet or red onion, chopped, 34 cup apples or pears, chopped, 1 teaspoon mustard seed, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 cup water], title: North of the Border Apricot Jalapeno Chutney, picturelink: null}, 58834: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter an 11inchround baking dish and spread the cherries evenly over the bottom.nWhisk the eggs, halfandhalf, cottage cheese, 12 cup granulated sugar and the flour in a bowl until combined. Pour the batter over the cherries, sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar and scatter the sliced butter on top.nBake until puffed and golden around the edges, about 40 minutes. Cool slightly, then dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, thinly sliced, plus more for the dish, 1 pound 2 cups fresh cherries, pitted or one 10ounce bag frozen cherries, thawed and patted dry, 3 large eggs, 1 14 cups halfandhalf, 12 cup 4 cottage cheese, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Cherry Clafoutis, picturelink: uMYyvNI8aHRKy0.lABiFYpe1noSxXxC}, 58835: {instructions: 1 bunch parsley, leaves coarsely chopped 8 cloves garlic, minced 34 cup olive oil 14 cup sherry wine vinegar 3 tablespoons lemon juice 1 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste 12 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste, ingredients: [1 bunch parsley, leaves coarsely chopped, 8 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste, 12 teaspoon cayenne, or to taste], title: Chimichuri Sauce for Steaks, picturelink: null}, 58836: {instructions: Special equipment: a silicone baking matnFor the French toast: At least 2 hours and up to 1 day ahead, preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the bread slices on a rack on a baking sheet. Put the bread in the preheated oven, then immediately turn the oven off and let the bread sit until it begins to dry out, 20 to 30 minutes.nWhisk together the eggs, yolks and granulated sugar until smooth. Whisk in the halfandhalf, orange liqueur, vanilla, orange zest and salt. Lay the bread on a rimmed baking sheet or in a large baking dish, pour the custard mixture over the top and let sit for 15 minutes. Flip and let sit for at least 30 minutes more. You can also cover and refrigerate overnight, turning a few more times.nFor the strawberries: Meanwhile, combine the strawberries, granulated sugar and orange liqueur in a bowl. Let sit at room temperature until the strawberries release their juices and soften slightly, about 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. While the bread is soaking, melt the butter in a small saucepan over high heat, then add the muscovado sugar and whisk until smooth. Transfer to a baking sheet lined with a silicone baking mat and spread the mixture evenly over it. Place the soaked bread directly on the sugar. Bake until golden brown and puffed, about 20 minutes.nServe the French toast, sugarside up, topped with the berries and their juices., ingredients: [One 1pound dayold loaf challah, sliced into 1inch thick, 5 large eggs 2 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 3 cups halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, Pinch fine sea salt, 1 pint ripe strawberries, hulled and quartered, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons orange liqueur, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup packed light brown muscovado sugar], title: Creme Brulee French Toast with Drunken Strawberries, picturelink: kPPzne.2WjHLMlLRCSRClWpf81hYHOC}, 58837: {instructions: Saute the onions over low heat in 1 tablespoon of olive oil until soft. Place the vinegar, 14 cup of olive oil, sugar, peppercorns and thyme in a large noncorrosive saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the onions to the hot liquid and simmer for 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and allow the onions to steep for at least 2 hours or overnight. if storing overnight, place in a bowl and cover. When ready to serve, drain the liquid and top with thyme., ingredients: [2 large red onions, peeled and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cups red wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons sugar, 6 whole black peppercorns, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, Garnish: 2 tablespoons finely chopped thyme], title: Pickled Onions, picturelink: null}, 58838: {instructions: In a noncorrosive bowl, mix together the marinade ingredients and refrigerate for at least 2 hours, preferably overnight.nIn a mediumsized bowl, mix together the garnish ingredients and let it chill in the refrigerator.nPress marinade mixture through a fine sieve and discard solids, keep liquid well chilled. Add scallops to the liquid and allow to marinate for at least 1 hour, or until scallops appear slightly opaque. Arrange scallops back into their shells and top with garnish and cilantro leaves. Serve well chilled., ingredients: [4 tablespoons tomato juice, 4 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 4 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 bunch cilantro, washed, dried, and chopped, plus 20 leaves for decoration, 1 red onion, peeled and sliced, 4 tablespoons ketchup, 1 jalapeno chile, seeded and chopped, Dash hot red pepper sauce, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 vine ripe tomato, peeled, seeded, and uniformly small diced, 20 small pieces sea beans, see Cooks Note, blanched in boiling water and refreshed in ice water, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Sea salt and fresh ground pepper, 20 live fresh, dry bay scallops, shucked recommended: Taylor Bay scallops], title: Taylor Bay Scallop Ceviche, picturelink: zyHwyvpuAZ1jXd4Fdgyd3Lzl4IA8Yy6}, 58839: {instructions: Saute the onion and garlic together over low heat, in a medium saucepan, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add the sugar and let it dissolve until almost caramelized. Stir in the pineapple, watermelon, and vinegar and allow to cook until the fruit is coated with the liquid in the pan, about 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt, to taste, and serve with chopped mint and goat cheese., ingredients: [1 red onion, diced, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 cups diced pineapple, 12 cup medium watermelon chunks, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, Salt, Chopped fresh mint leaves, for serving, Crumbled goat cheese, for serving], title: Spicy Warm Pineapple Watermelon Salad, picturelink: null}, 58840: {instructions: The duck has to be prepared the day before because of the long slow cooking time. If you are purchasing a precooked confit of duck, skip the instructions in this paragraph and follow the directions on the package of the product. In any event, you will need to shred the duck for use in this recipe. For your own confit of duck, mix the salt, pepper and garlic together and coat the duck with the seasonings rubbing into the surface of the duck. On the stovetop, heat the oil or lard in a deep roasting pan if you will be using the oven or in a large Dutch oven if you will be cooking on the range. Note: you will be poaching the duck, not frying it, so, it is important to avoid making the oil too hot. Add the duck to the warm oil. If you are using the oven, put the duck in a preheated 200 degree F oven for about 6 to 8 hours. If you are using the stovetop, cook the duck at a simmer. In either case, the duck must be cooked until it falls away from the bone. Remove all the duck meat from the bones and reserve meat until needed.nCut the endive in half and remove the core. Lightly sear the cut sides of the endive in olive oil over medium heat in a nonstick pan. Sprinkle in the sugar, salt, pepper, and butter  cover and continue to cook until al dente  about 10 minutes. You want the endive to be slightly tender, but firm enough to support the duck filling. Season with salt and pepper, remove from heat, and let cool.nPrepare the mangoberry puree by adding the mango and strawberries to a blender or food processor and blending until smooth.nIf duck is cold, heat or reheat it, depending on whether you have made your own confit, or have purchased it prepared. Shred the duck with 2 forks.nFill each endivehalf with duck, spoon mango berry puree on top and garnish with a raspberry. Serve slightly warm., ingredients: [14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 12 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 1 duck, butchered into leg and breast, 1 pint lard or grapeseed oil, 9 heads Belgian endive, 13 cup olive oil, 3 teaspoons sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and sliced away from the seed, 1 pint strawberries, hulled and sliced, 12 pint large raspberries, for garnish], title: Duck with Mango on Belgian Endive, picturelink: m9qk9iwHAztWlHCnNe4k7Yvp8y4S18.}, 58841: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. In a bowl, soak the bread cubes in the vinegar for 20 minutes. Toast the almonds for 10 to 15 minutes, watching closely. Cool the almonds completely, then grind them in a mortar and pestle or food processor until they are finely ground but not oily. Add the vinegar soaked bread, tomatoes, paprika, salt and pepper to the processor and grind together briefly until evenly pureed. With the motor running, add the olive oil in a thin stream., ingredients: [2 large, thick slices country bread, crusts removed, cut into 12 inch cubes, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 34 cup whole almonds, 1 pound ripe tomatoes, coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fruity Spanish olive oil], title: Romesco Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58842: {instructions: For the crepes: Put all of the ingredients except the butter into a food processor or blender and process until smooth, about 10 seconds. If necessary, scrape down any solids that stick to the sides. Add the butter and process for a few more seconds to blend. Refrigerate, covered, for at least 2 hours or overnight. Set a 10inch, nonstick crepe pan over moderately high heat, then spray with nonstick vegetable spray. When nice and hot, remove the pan from the heat and add 2 tablespoons of batter, swirling to coat the bottom of the pan. Cook for 1 12 minutes until lightly browned. Set aside on a plate, cooked side up, and continue with the remainder of the batter.nFor the filling: In a small saucepan, cover the cherries with water and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and let rest. In a bowl, mix the cream cheese, vanilla, sugar, and egg until blended. Gently mix in the pot, farmer, or cottage cheese. Drain the cherries and mix them in.nPlace 2 tablespoons of filling in the lower center of the blintz. Fold up once from the bottom, and then fold over the sides. Roll up the rest of the way. Repeat with the rest. Heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil and 1 tablespoon of butter in a pan. In small batches 4, fry the blintzes fold side down until golden brown. Gently flip to fry the other side. Serve with sour cream, and Nectarines and Cherries, Flambeed in Shlivoviz.nIn a bowl, whisk together the cherry juice and cornstarch. In a hot saute pan, melt the butter. Add the sugar, then the nectarines. Carefully pour in the shlivovitz. If it does not burst into flames spontaneously, ignite with a match. Gently swirl the pan and baste the nectarines until the flames die out. Add the cherry juice mixture and cook until bubbling for 10 seconds. Take the sauce off the heat add the thawed and fresh cherries., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 12 cup water, 3 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Nonstick vegetable spray, 12 cup dried cherries, 14 pound cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract or 12 scraped vanilla bean, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg, 1 pound 2 cups farmers cheese, pot cheese, or cottage cheese, Canola oil and butter, for frying, Sour cream or yogurt, as an accompaniment, Nectarines and Cherries, Flambeed in Shlivovitz, recipe follows, 1 12ounce package frozen sour cherries, thawed and drained, reserving the juice, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 large nectarines, sliced into 13 inch wedges, 14 cup shlivovitz or brandy, 12 pound fresh bing cherries, pitted optional], title: Cherry Vanilla Blintzes with Nectarines and Cherries, Flambeed in Shlivovitz, picturelink: null}, 58843: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F, or a grill to high if you are outside, prepare a campfire. Cut any large carrots in half lengthwise and crosswise.nDrizzle a large sheet of foil with some oil. Arrange the carrots in a flat, single layer over half the sheet of foil. Drizzle the carrots with more oil and sprinkle with the garlic, cumin and salt and pepper. Top the carrots with the butter and drizzle with the honey. Fold the foil in half over the carrots and fold the edges to seal and form a pouch. To avoid crowding the carrots, make two pouches if necessary.nCook the pouch in the oven or on a grill or campfire for 15 minutes. To serve, cut open the pouch tableside and finish with a sprinkle of parsley., ingredients: [1 bunch carrots organic, if available, tops trimmed leaving a little stem for presentation, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, cut into cubes, 1 teaspoon honey, Chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish], title: Cumin Roasted Carrots, picturelink: null}, 58844: {instructions: Make the cookies: Beat the butter and both sugars with a mixer until creamy. Beat in the milk and vanilla until combined. In a medium bowl, whisk the flour, cocoa, salt and baking soda. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture and beat until combined. Stir in the chocolate chips, if desired. Scoop the dough onto a sheet of wax papernand shape into a 2inchthick log. Wrap in the wax paper and refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Slice the dough into 13inchthick rounds with a sharp knife. Place on the prepared baking sheet and bake 10 minutes. Cool the cookies for a few minutes on the baking sheet, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Combine 34 cup pistachios, the mascarpone, ricotta, confectioners sugar, vanilla and salt with a mixer on low speed until just blended do not overmix or the filling will be too thick. It can be prepared a day ahead and refrigerated.nTo assemble, sandwich about 12 inch filling between 2 cookies. Repeat with the remaining cookies and filling. Roll the edges in the remaining 34 cup pistachios.nPhotograph by Jim Franco, ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces and at room temperature, 23 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup mini semisweet chocolate chips optional, 1 12 cups chopped roasted unsalted pistachios, 1 12 cups 12 ounces mascarpone cheese, 34 cup ricotta cheese, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 teaspoon salt], title: Chocolate Cannoli Sandwich Cookies, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 58845: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel away the outer husks on the corn without actually removing them. Remove the inner silky threads, then wrap the outer husk back around the ear. Soak the ears in water for 1 hour.nIn a small saucepan, combine the maple syrup, butter, chiles and garlic and season with salt and pepper. Allow to simmer over medium heat for about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and keep warm.nPreheat a grill for medium heat. Grill the corn, turning occasionally, until the kernels are slightly charred, about 20 minutes. Brush with the maple butter., ingredients: [8 ears corn, 12 cup Grade B maple syrup, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo, pureed, 2 cloves garlic, chopped to a paste, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil], title: Grilled Corn with Maple and Chipotle, picturelink: uzDKtP8QNwa2uuxFWC65ykMSFxLw7G}, 58846: {instructions: Shake all together the vodka, ginger liqueur, lemon juice, agave syrup, grated ginger, cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg in an icefilled cocktail shaker. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with a cinnamon stick., ingredients: [1 12 ounces vodka, 1 ounce ginger liqueur, such as Domaine de Canton, 1 ounce fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon agave syrup, 14 teaspoon peeled and grated fresh ginger, Pinch ground cinnamon, Pinch ground cloves, Pinch grated nutmeg, Ice, Cinnamon stick, for garnish], title: Ginger Snap, picturelink: AOMuIuZfGrXRfuvjBu88FifAssIIW}, 58847: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees Butter and flour 8inch tall round cake pan. In a mixer cream butter with eggs and yolks until pale yellow, about 3 to 4 minutes. Place dough hook on to mixer and, while running, add half of the flour. Add half the milk and mix one minute. Add remainder of flour followed by remainder of milk and all of the sugar and allow to mix 20 minutes. Spread out on to floured cooking surface and sprinkle with currants, orange zest, cream of tartar and baking soda and knead for about 5 to 10 minutes. Place into panettone pan and put into oven. Bake for 35 to 45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out dry. Remove from oven, invert on to a rack and allow to cool. Top should be quite cracked. Serve sliced into wedges., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, softened to room temperature, 2 eggs and 3 yolks, 3 12 cups flour, 1 cup milk, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup currants, soaked 1 hour in warm water and drained, Zest of 2 oranges, 2 teaspoons cream of tartar, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda], title: Panettone, picturelink: null}, 58848: {instructions: Add coconut milk and sugar to a large saucepot and stir over medium heat until sugar and salt is dissolved. Pulse pineapple in a food processor until coarsely chopped. Add the pineapple to the pot and cook, stirring often until the pineapple is integrated into the mixture. Make a slurry in a separate small bowl by gradually whisking 12 cup water into the cornstarch. Whisk slurry into mixture in pot and allow to reduce and thicken until it is the consistency of yogurt. Transfer to serving dishes and chill., ingredients: [2 quarts coconut milk, 34 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and diced small, 12 cup cornstarch], title: Pineapple Haupia Coconut Pudding Dessert, picturelink: null}, 58849: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMelt the butter with the cinnamon stick in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat until melted, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nCook the gnocchi in a large pot of boiling salted water until all the gnocchi rise to the surface, about 3 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick from the butter sauce and reheat the sauce over low heat. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the cooked gnocchi to the hot cinnamon butter in the skillet. Sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon. Toss to coat and add more sugar, to taste.nSpoon the gnocchi and butter sauce into shallow bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [34 cup butter 1 12 sticks, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 package storebought gnocchi, Salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, plus more to taste, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Gnocchi with Cinnamon Butter, picturelink: 1kYpEoMzdGVStLUmORAuQl0ayidP.S}, 58850: {instructions: In large saucepan, of boiling salted water, add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes, or until al dente.nWhile pasta is cooking, heat the oil until hot in a small skillet. Add garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Drain the pasta and put it in a very large bowl. Toss with warm garlic and oil, tomatoes, parsley, chives and chopped flowers. Garnish with whole flowers., ingredients: [1 pound penne, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 cup sundried tomatoes, drained and thinly sliced, 12 cup parsley, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons chives, finely chopped, 6 chive blossoms, broken into florets, 1 cup assorted flowers, chopped such as nasturtiums, pansies, dandelions, plus whole for garnish], title: Penne with Edible Flowers, picturelink: null}, 58851: {instructions: Slice the tomatoes into 12inch thick slices. Generously season the tomato slices with salt. Arrange the tomato slices on a platter, overlapping slightly. Add the Burrata on top and garnish with torn basil leaves. Drizzle with olive oil and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 large multicolored heirloom tomatoes, washed and dried, Coarse sea salt, 1 large ball Burrata cheese, 12 cup fresh basil leaves, washed and dried, Extravirgin olive oil, for garnish, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Heirloom Tomato Caprese Salad, picturelink: null}, 58852: {instructions: Combine both peppers and salt in a small bowl. Brush quail with oil on both sides and season with the pepper mixture on skin side. Grill for 2 to 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons ground white pepper, 3 tablespoons coarsely ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 5 quail, deboned], title: Grilled Black and White Pepper Quail, picturelink: null}, 58853: {instructions: Preheat the grill.nMix each package of cream cheese with chopped garlic, sundried tomatoes, and a dash of chopped basil. Add a pinch of salt. Mix until mixture is soft and manageable.nSlice each jalapeno lengthwise on 1 side, being careful not to cut the jalapeno in 12. Remove the seeds if you dont think your friends can handle the heat, otherwise leaveem and enjoy watching your friends shed a few extra tears. hehe... Depending on your pepper, you may have to slice around the stem of the pepper to create a manageable opening to squeeze the filling in.nFill either a pastry bag, or your choice of tools with the filling. Use something that will allow you to sqeeze the filling into the opening of the pepper with ease. Ive used a plastic frosting tool, cookie press, and even just a small spoon to squeeze the filling in. However you choose, insert a liberal amount of filling into each jalapeno. Be careful not to overfill as the filling may spurt out during cooking.nWrap each pepper with 1 to 2 strips of bacon, securing the opening in the pepper. Secure the bacon with a toothpick best to soak the toothpicks first, to prevent burning on the BBQ. This also helps the jalapenos from falling into the BBQ youre bound to loose at least 1, oh well. Long metal or wood skewers also work well for large amounts.nBBQ the peppers until they lightly roasted, or until the bacon is fully cooked. Use some foil to cook on if your peppers are cooking or burning too fast on a HOT BBQ.nServe em up and watch your friends squirm with delight, ingredients: [1 to 2 packages cream cheese, depending on the size of your pepper, room temperature, 2 to 4 cloves chopped garlic or granulated, depending on your preference cmon, no spicy finger food is complete without this spice, 14 cup finely chopped sundried tomatoes u2014 a nice handful from the jar, Chopped fresh basil leaves, Pinch salt, 10 to 25 jalapeno peppers larger then average size will make them easier to stuff, 12 to 1 pound thinly sliced bacon Pork Fat Rulez, Toothpicks for the peppers, not your teeth silly], title: Joes Screaming Stuffed Jalapeno Poppers, picturelink: gEavUnTQC3BHSMMpscgdBAEttstja}, 58854: {instructions: In a saucepan bring 1 cup water to the boil, add lemongrass and pippies. Cover and cook until pippies open slightly, about 4 minutes.nIn a bowl, add sugar, oyster sauce, and fish sauce. Mix until sugar dissolves and set aside.nNow strain the pippies, reserving its broth.nHeat a wok to high heat, add oil, garlic, red shallots, followed by the pippies then wok toss for 1 minute.nAdd the sauce and 3 tablespoons pippie broth, toss for a further minute then add the dissolved potato starch.nNow add chile, pepper and lastly the Asian basil then toss through.nEat with beer., ingredients: [1 lemongrass stalk, bruised and sliced into 5 cm lengths, 17 12 ounces 500 g pippies cockles, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 tablespoons oyster sauce, 12 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, finely diced 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon finely diced red shallots, 12 tablespoon potato starch, mixed with 1 tablespoon water, 2 long chiles, finely sliced, 12 teaspoon pepper, 2 handfuls Asian basil leaves], title: Pippies Wok Tossed With Chile and Asian Basil: Nhieu Xao Rau Que, picturelink: null}, 58855: {instructions: To serve the Harlequin Soup:nLadle some of each soup into its own pitcher. Pour both soups simultaneously into each of 6 bowls, creating a swirled almost yinyang like appearance.nGarnish with chives and serve hot.nCut the broccoli florets from the stems. Peel the tough outer skin from the stems and trim off the fibrous ends. Cut the stems lengthwise into slices about 12inch thick and then crosswise into 12inch pieces.nHeat the olive oil and butter in a soup pot over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the garlic and cook until light brown. Add the onion and celery, lower the heat to medium, and season with salt and pepper. Cook the vegetables slowly until tender, about 10 minutes. Regulate the heat so the vegetables cook without taking on color.nAdd the thyme and stir. Add the broccoli stems, stock, and salt and pepper, to taste, and bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, for about 3 minutes. Add the florets and continue to cook until very tender, about 5 minutes more.nPuree the soup in a blender in small batches. Add some of the spinach and some of the lemon zest to each batch and then puree it. The soup can be made to this point, covered, and refrigerated for up to 1 day or frozen for up to 1 month.nReturn the soup to the pan and reheat over gentle heat. Stir in the cream. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Keep warm.nTo serve:n14 cup mascarpone cheese, optionaln2 tablespoons toasted pumpkin seeds, optionalnHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat until hot. Add the onion, celery, carrot, and cinnamon stick and saute until soft but not brown, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the chicken stock and the coriander, if using, and bring to a boil. Simmer for several minutes. Stir in the squash until smooth, then simmer gently to let the flavors meld, about 10 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick.nPuree the soup in a blender until smooth. The soup can be made ahead to this point, cooled, covered, and refrigerated for several days or frozen for about 1 month. It will thicken as it cools and may need thinning with stock or water when reheating.nReturn the soup to the pan and reheat gently. Add the halfandhalf, if using. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper. Keep warm until service.nTo serve:nLadle the soup into serving bowls. Garnish evenly, with the cheese and pumpkin seeds, if desired.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Peel the squash with a vegetable peeler. Halve lengthwise, discard the seeds, then cut into 1inch dice. Place in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper.nHeat the butter in a medium skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the butter ceases to foam and has turned a light brown, pull the pan off the heat and immediately add the sage, sugar, vinegar stand back so as not to get splattered, molasses and toasted spice rub. Mix well and let simmer over mediumlow heat for 1 to 2 minutes to meld the flavors.nPour the vinegar mixture over the squash and toss well, then transfer to a heavy rimmed baking sheet or baking dish large enough to hold the squash in a single layer. Place in the oven and roast, tossing at least once, until very tender and caramelized, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Set aside until cool enough to handle but still warm, so the liquids are runny.nWorking in batches, if necessary, transfer the warm squash and all the cooking liquids to a food processor and process until smooth. Use immediately, refrigerate for up to 5 days, or freeze for up to 2 months.nServing suggestions: Serve the puree on its own as a side dish for roast chicken, turkey, or pork stir into polenta just before the end of cooking use as a stuffing for ravioli make into a soup or use to flavor pastina. Or omit the sage, season with ground cinnamon and freshly grated nutmeg to taste, and use as a substitute for canned pumpkin in your favorite pumpkin pie recipe.nVariation for Smoky Butternut Squash: Cook the prepared squash on a baking sheet in a covered grill with soaked chips to give a slightly smoky taste. Substitute in any of the recipes that call for roasted squash. If cooking kabocha, acorn, or other difficulttopeel squash, cut in half, scoop out the seeds, and rub the insides and cut edges with the vinegarmolasses mixture. Place on a baking sheet, cut sides up, and roast at 400 degrees F until tender. Scoop out and puree.nToast the fennel seeds, coriander seeds, and peppercorns in a small, heavy pan over medium heat. When the fennel turns light brown, work quickly. Turn on the exhaust fan, add the red pepper flakes, and toss, toss, toss, always under the fan. Immediately turn the spice mixture out onto a plate to cool.nPut mixture into a blender with the chili powder, salt, and cinnamon and blend until the spices are evenly ground. If you have a small spice mill or a coffee grinder dedicated to grinding spices, grind only the fennel, coriander, pepper, and chili flakes. Pour into a bowl and toss with the remaining ingredients. Keep the spice mix in a glass jar in a cool, dry place, or freeze.nTaste your chili powder before adding and, if spicy and hot, cut back the amount. California chilies are almost sweet, not hot., ingredients: [1 recipe Very Green Broccoli Soup, 1 recipe Roasted Butternut Squash Soup, Fresh chives, finely sliced, 1 12 pounds broccoli, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 cup 14inch diced onion, 12 cup 14inch diced celery, Gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 5 cups chicken stock or canned lowsalt chicken broth, 2 cups packed spinach, 2 teaspoons freshly grated lemon zest, 1 cup heavy cream or buttermilk if using buttermilk, cut the lemon zest in half, For the soup:, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup 14inch diced onion, 14 cup 14inch diced celery, 14 cup 14inch diced carrot, 1 cinnamon stick, Sea salt, preferably gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, About 4 cups chicken stock or canned lowsalt chicken broth, 12 teaspoon ground toasted coriander, optional, 1 12 cups Roasted Winter Squash recipe, 12 cup halfandhalf, optional, About 3 pounds butternut squash preferably 1 large squash, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh sage leaves, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 14 cup dark unsulfured molasses, 2 teaspoons Toasted Spice Rub, recipe follows, 14 cup fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon peppercorns, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 cup 1ounce pure California chili powder, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon], title: Harlequin Soup, picturelink: 7Ja6x6V6qYjb5msmimePwPWpJG4THUa}, 58856: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Toss the pears, nutmeg and half of the lemon juice together in a bowl.nMelt the butter with the remaining lemon juice, the salt and 3 tablespoons water in a heavy ovenproof 10inch skillet over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the sugar into the skillet and stir to combine. Cook the mixture without stirring, letting it foam and bubble the butter will separate, which is OK. Watch the mixture carefully while it cooks because once the water evaporates and the sugar begins to change color, things happen quickly. When it becomes the color of light brown sugar, about 10 minutes, remove it from the heat. Stir in the vanilla.nBeing careful not to burn yourself, sprinkle the cranberries and ginger into the caramel. Arrange the pears in the skillet round sidedown in concentric circles as nicely as you can, fitting in as many pears as possible.nReturn the skillet to the burner over medium heat and cook until the pears start to soften when you poke them with a knife, 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile your pears cook, roll out your Pie Crust on a flourdusted surface to an 11inch circle. Cover the crust with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use.nLay the crust over the pears, tucking it in around the edge of the skillet with a wooden spoon. Bake until the crust is golden brown and firm to the touch, about 30 minutes.nAllow the tart to cool until you can handle it, about 10 minutes. Put a plate on top of the tart using heatproof pads and flip it over so the pears are on top. Slice and serve warm with creme fraiche, if using.nCombine the flour, sugar, salt and butter in a food processor and pulse until the butter is evenly distributed but still visible in chunks. While pulsing, add the ice water 1 tablespoon at a time until the dough is just wet enough to hold together when pinched between your fingers. Turn the dough out onto a piece of plastic wrap, form into a disc and refrigerate for 30 minutes or up to 24 hours., ingredients: [2 12 pounds about 5 hard Anjou or Bosc pears, peeled, cored and quartered, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Juice from 1 lemon 2 to 3 tablespoons, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 12 cup dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons finely chopped crystalized ginger, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 Pie Crust, recipe follows, or 2 refrigerated storebought crusts, rolled together, Creme fraiche, for serving, optional, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 stick cold butter, cut into 12inch chunks, 4 to 5 tablespoons ice water], title: UpsideDown Pear Cranberry Tart, picturelink: KII1DPSS1tKw1SD3tIvsRIRaUbw8Pci}, 58857: {instructions: Peel and cut the potatoes into pieces that are generally the same size. Bring a large pot of water to a simmer and add the potatoes. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are cooked through, 30 to 35 minutes. When theyre cooked through a fork should easily slide into the potatoes with no resistance, and the potatoes should almost, but not totally, fall apart.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDrain the potatoes thoroughly in a large colander. Place them back into the dry pot and put the pot on the stove. Mash the potatoes over low heat, allowing all the steam to escape before adding in all the other ingredients.nTurn off the heat and add the butter, cream cheese and about 12 cup of halfandhalf. Mash, mash, mash Next, add about 12 teaspoon seasoning salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Stir well, and then taste and add more halfandhalf, seasoning salt and pepper if needed.nTransfer the potatoes to a mediumsized baking dish. Throw a few pats of butter over the top of the potatoes and place in the oven until the butter is melted and the potatoes are warmed through., ingredients: [5 pounds russet or Yukon gold potatoes, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons butter, plus more for topping, One 8ounce package cream cheese, softened, 12 to 34 cup halfandhalf, 12 to 1 teaspoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 12 to 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 58858: {instructions: Prepare dinner plates with a bed of dressed mesclun salad or apple slices.nIn a deep pot, slowly heat to 350 degrees enough vegetable oil to completely submerge the disks when deep fried. While this is heating up, set flour, egg and bread crumbs in a 3 separate shallow plates dip each disk of cheese in flour, then in beaten egg and finally in fresh bread crumbs, making sure breading completely adheres to all surfaces leaving no cheese exposed.nWith a slotted spoon or skimmer, lower the breaded cheese into the oil. Do not overcrowd or the temperature of the oil will be lowered considerably and the cheese will be greasy. Fry for 45 seconds only or until the crust is deep golden brown. Briefly drain on absorbent towels and serve immediately on garnished plates.nVariations: you can marinate the goats cheese first in a mixture of olive oil, crushed black peppercorns, herbs and garlic. Pat dry before breading.nMix some ground pecans or walnuts with bread crumbs.nBefore breading, sandwich an anchovy fillet or chopped canned green chilis between two 14inch rounds of mozzarella., ingredients: [2 portions washed salad greens like mesclun tossed with vinaigrette or 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and cut into wafer thin rounds, Vegetable oil for frying, 14 cup flour, 1 egg lightly beaten, 1 12 cups fresh white bread crumbs, Eight 1 12 round 12inch thick disks of fresh goats cheese], title: Breaded Goats Cheese, picturelink: null}, 58859: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Arrange the bread and almonds on a baking sheet, and bake, flipping the bread once, until it is toasted and crunchy and the almonds are golden, about 10 minutes. Set aside to cool.nMeanwhile, put the vinegar, orange juice and zest, oil and 14 teaspoon salt in a jar or other container with a lid. Secure the lid, and shake until combined. The vinaigrette can be made a day ahead shake well before serving.nPut an avocado quarter on each slice of toast, and mash and spread the avocado with a fork to cover. Quarter each piece of toast, and arrange the pieces on 4 plates with the points facing out to make a square.nToss the arugula, toasted almonds, feta, radishes and vinaigrette in a medium bowl. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt if necessary. Put a mound of salad on top of each avocado toast square. Quarter the remaining orange half, and garnish each salad with a piece., ingredients: [4 slices wholegrain or whole wheat bread, 2 tablespoons sliced skinon almonds, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, Juice and zest of 12 orange plus other half reserved, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 large avocado, halved, pitted, scooped and quartered, 5 ounces baby arugula about 8 cups, 13 cup crumbled feta cheese, 5 radishes, very thinly sliced], title: AvocadoToast Breakfast Salad, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 58860: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCover the bottom of a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Rinse the pears, pat dry and put on a baking sheet. Cover with additional foil and roast the pears for 1 hour. Peel the pears and cut them in half.nOn a cutting board, cut out 12 circles from the pear halves, using a 12inch circle cutter. Avoid the seeds. Shave off excess pear to make sure all of the circles are the same height. I suggest you make them a 12inch high.nPut the pear circles into large serving spoons. Pour some Champagne over the pears and sprinkle with cinnamon. Arrange some diced cucumber on top of each pear circle and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [6 Bosc pears, 1 tablespoon almond Champagne, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, 1 hothouse cucumber, peeled and mediumdiced], title: Roasted Pear and Hot House Cucumber Amuse Bouche, picturelink: null}, 58861: {instructions: Prepare a hot charcoal fire, setting the grill rack 3 to 4 inches above the coals.nOn a large, oiled, inverted baking sheet, spread and flatten the pizza dough with your hands into a 10 to 12inch freeform circle, 18inch thick. Do not make a lip. You may end up with a rectangle rather than a circle the shape is unimportant, but do take care to maintain an even thickness.nWhen the fire is hot when you can hold your hand over the coals for 3 to 4 seconds at a distance of 5 inches, use your fingertips to lift the dough gently by the 2 corners closest to you, and drape in onto the grill. Catch the loose edge on the grill first and slide the remaining dough into place over the fire. Within a minute the dough will puff slightly, the underside will stiffen, and grill marks will appear.nUsing tongs, immediately flip the crust over, onto the coolest part of the grill. Quickly brush the grilled surface with olive oil. Scatter the garlic and cheeses over the dough, and spoon dollops of tomato over the cheese. Do not cover the entire surface of the pizza with tomatoes. Finally, drizzle the pizza with 1 to 2 tablespoons of olive oil.nSlide the pizza back toward the hot coals, but not directly over them. Using tongs, rotate the pizza frequently so that different sections receive high heat check the underside often to see that it is not burning. The pizza is done when the top is bubbly and the cheese melted, about 6 to 8 minutes. Serve at once, topped with the basil leaves and additional olive oil, if desired.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nSprinkle the yeast over 12 cup warm 105 to 110 degrees F water and allow it to dissolve and activate, about 5 minutes.nCombine the flour and salt and mound it onto a cool work surface creating a high walled well in the center. Combine the yeast mixture with 1 12 cups of cool water and pour into the well. Slowly begin to mix the water and flour, a little at a time, moving your fingers in short, counter clockwise circles around the border of the water. When the dough is firm enough to hold its shape, scrape the remaining flour over it and knead until the mass is smooth and shiny, approximately 7 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a bowl that has been brushed with olive oil. Brush the top of the dough with olive oil to prevent a skin from forming, cover the bowl with plastic wrap, and let rise in a warm place away from drafts until doubled in bulk, about 2 hours. Punch down the dough and knead once more. Let the dough rise again for about 40 minutes, punch down again and form dough into 4 balls., ingredients: [6 ounces Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 14 cup virgin olive oil, for brushing and drizzling, 12 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 12 cup loosely packed shredded fontina, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Pecorino Romano, 6 tablespoons chopped canned tomatoes, in heavy puree, 8 basil leaves, 1 tablespoon active dry yeast, 6 cups highgluten flour, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Pizza Margarita, picturelink: 4ye77ID1vHb4E6pyWwkAo.cWFNCq}, 58862: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Wash the yams and place in a baking dish with the water. Bake until the potatoes are soft and the skins puffy, about 1 12 hours. Set aside to cool slightly leave the oven on.nPeel the yams and place in a medium baking dish. Add the honey, butter, lime juice, salt and pepper. Stir and mash well with a potato masher. Cover with aluminum foil and return to the oven for 15 to 20 minutes, until heated through. Sprinkle the top with sour cream and serve hot., ingredients: [3 large yams about 4 pounds, 12 cup water, 6 tablespoons honey, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Juice of 4 limes, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Sour cream, for garnish], title: Baked Yams with Lime and Honey, picturelink: null}, 58863: {instructions: In a large bowl toss the parsley, arugula and mushrooms with the salt. Add the oil and toss well. Add the lemon juice and toss well. Season to taste with the black pepper. Divide the salad among plates and to each portion with some of the onions and Parmesan curls., ingredients: [1 cup loosely packed Italian parsley leaves, washed and spun dry, 1 cup loosely packed arugula, washed and spun dry, 4 firm white cultivated mushrooms, sliced thin, Dash of salt, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup thinly sliced red onions, soaked in ice water for 15 min utes and drained, Parmesan cheese, shaved with a vegetable peeler into thin curls], title: Italian Parsley and Arugula Salad with Mushrooms and Parmesan Curls, picturelink: null}, 58864: {instructions: Combine the butter and basil in a food processor and process until smooth, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse a few more times. Scrape into a small bowl.nPut a large saute pan on the grill over low heat and add the basil butter. When the butter is hot add the corn kernels and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with torn basil leaves and scallions., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup basil leaves, plus more for garnish, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ears corn, husked and kernels removed, Sliced scallions, for garnish], title: Grilled Corn with Basil Butter, picturelink: null}, 58865: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make Vanilla Simple Syrup:nIn a small saucepan, over medium heat combine the sugar, water, vanilla bean seeds, and vanilla pod. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved, about 5 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Strain before using.nYield: 1 cup, ingredients: [1 12ounce bag unsweetened frozen mixed berries, thawed, 1 12ounce can frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed, 1 cup vanilla simple syrup, recipe follows, 3 cups water, Ice, In a blender, combine the berries, lemonade concentrate and syrup. Blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into a large pitcher. Add the water and stir, then refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Pour the lemonade into icefilled glasses and serve., 12 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 vanilla bean, cut in half lengthwise, seeds removed, pod reserved], title: Berry Lemonade, picturelink: 7.QEdieuqNCxdlIA4hZLkBTgkiyXD6}, 58866: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: foodgrade rock salt, for the baking dishnPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Prepare a baking dish with a generous layer of rock salt.nSet a large skillet over medium heat, add the butter and let it melt. Add the olive oil, garlic and shallots and saute until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the chopped spinach and toss with the garlic and shallots. Add the Parmesan, aniseflavored liqueur, breadcrumbs and cayenne pepper. Season with salt and pepper and cook for another 3 minutes.nSpoon about a tablespoon of the spinach mixture onto each oyster and nestle the oysters into the rock salt. Bake until the topping is crisp and brown, about 10 minutes. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [5 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 3 cups thawed and drained frozen chopped spinach, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 cup aniseflavored liqueur, 12 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 dozen oysters, on the half shell, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Oysters Rockefeller, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 58867: {instructions: Place the doughnut halves cutside down in a dry nonstick skillet set over medium heat toast to golden brown.nPlace the flat toasted sides of the doughnut on a cutting board. Place the sausage patty on the rounded glazed side and top with the cream cheese. Top with the other half of the doughnut, rounded glazedside down., ingredients: [1 glazed doughnut, halved, One 2ounce breakfast sausage patty, such as Delias chicken breakfast sausage, 1 tablespoon sour cherry cream cheese], title: Double D Sliders, picturelink: null}, 58868: {instructions: In a blender puree the parsley and the garlic with the vinegar, water, oil, and salt and pepper to taste until the sauce is smooth and strain it through a fine sieve set over a small bowl, pressing hard on the solids., ingredients: [12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, preferably flatleafed, 1 small garlic clove, sliced, 4 teaspoons balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Parsley Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58869: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.nRemove skin from steaks and the flesh away from the bone youll end up with 4 pieces of fish from each steak so you have 8 small fillets in all. Cut a slit on the side of each piece and stuff with some of olivada. Lightly season the two sides of the steaks with salt and pepper. Transfer them to a baking pan, drizzle the top with olive oil and bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until just cooked through.nKeep your eye on the fish you really dont want to overbake it or it will dry out the insides should have a trace of translucence in them., ingredients: [Two 1 pound each halibut steaks 34inch thick, About 14 cup green olive paste olivada, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil to drizzle over the top], title: Stuffed Halibut, picturelink: null}, 58870: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 200 degrees F to keep the first batch of burgers warm.nFor the burgers: Coat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add the onions, season with salt and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Cook the onions until they are soft and very aromatic, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Turn off the heat and let cool.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the turkey, soy sauce, sambal oelek, ginger, water chestnuts, cilantro and the cooked onions and garlic. Reserve the onion pan to cook the burgers in later. Add onequarter to onehalf cup water this will help the burgers stay nice and moist. Using your hands, squish everything together until they are really well combined.nMake and cook a little tester patty to be sure that the turkey is really well seasoned. Reseason if needed. If the burger is missing salt add more soy or just give a little sprinkey dink of salt.nWhen the burger mix is seasoned appropriately, form the mix into 4 equal size patties.nCoat the saute pan with new olive oil and bring to a mediumhigh heat. Place the burgers in the pan. Be sure not to crowd the pan, if you need to work in batches go ahead Cook the burgers for 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Place the cheese, if using, on the burger and cook for 1 more minute.nToast the buns in a broiler or toaster. Schmear each side of the bun lightly with the sambaal mayo. Put a burger on each of the bottom buns and top each burger with tomato, onion and lettuce. Close up each burger, give each one a little squish and eat em up, ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 2 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, 1 12 pounds ground turkey, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sambal oelek, optional, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and grated, One 8ounce can water chestnuts, drained and coarsely chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, finely chopped, 4 slices Cheddar, 4 seeded burger buns, 14 cup mayo mixed with 2 teaspoons sambal oelek, 4 slices beefsteak tomatoes, 4 slices raw red onion, Butter lettuce], title: Turkey Burger, picturelink: SaYyNYaMbVdqfKvoQI9pqnfoPKjuPRy}, 58871: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake a simple syrup by adding the sugar and water to a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over low heat. Stir until the sugar dissolves, then remove from the heat and set aside to cool.nAdd a gallon of cold water and the lemon juice to a large glass pitcher. Add the simple syrup and the lemon slices. Stir well. Pour the lemonade into tall glasses filled with ice. Garnish the rims with lemon wedges and enjoy icy cold, ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 1 gallon cold water, 2 cups fresh lemon juice, 1 lemon, sliced, plus 1 lemon, cut into wedges, for garnish, Ice], title: Ginas Homemade Lemonade, picturelink: caSqm4UVTG1munUoHG82AgTq.acLE2}, 58872: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large Dutch oven over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the onion, celery and carrots and saute until soft, about 4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the chopped garlic and saute until fragrant, 1 minute more. Whisk in the flour and stir frequently until it coats the vegetables and makes a paste. Cook until it reaches a pale blonde color, about 2 minutes. Gradually whisk in the chicken stock, making sure there are no lumps. Add the bay leaf, hot sauce, and Worcestershire and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let the soup simmer for 15 minutes to thicken and develop the flavors.nReduce the heat and add the chicken and the noodles. Do not boil the chicken or it will become tough. Add the peas and the dill and simmer gently for 10 more minutes.nTaste for seasoning and add more salt and pepper, if needed. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 large Vidalia onion, chopped, 2 celery stalks, halved lengthwise and cut into 34inch pieces, 2 medium carrots, halved lengthwise and cut into 34inch pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 6 cups chicken stock, 1 bay leaf, Dash hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed into bitesize pieces, 4 ounces egg noodles, about 1 cup, 8 ounces frozen peas, 14 cup freshly chopped dill leaves], title: Mama Jeans Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: fRo.INSxUL4eEFVbLZv7qaiN02aOkG}, 58873: {instructions: Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper. Combine the orange juice, figs and raisins in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until hot, about 1 minute. Let sit until the dried fruit is soft, about 10 minutes.nTransfer 1 tablespoon of the juice to a food processor, then drain the dried fruit and add to the processor. Add the honey, orange zest, lemon zest and cinnamon and pulse to make a paste.nRoll out 1 piece of dough into a 10inch round on a lightly floured surface. Cut out circles using a 2 12inch cookie cutter. Drop 1 teaspoon of the dried fruit paste in the center of each circle fold the dough over to form a halfmoon shape, pinching the edges together to seal. Crimp the edges with a fork, then poke a few small holes in the top of each. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling.nTransfer the turnovers to the prepared baking sheets bake, switching the pans halfway through, until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer to racks to cool completely. Dust with confectioners sugar.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [12 cup fresh orange juice from about 2 oranges, 12 cup dried figs, stems trimmed, 2 tablespoons raisins, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, 14 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 14ounce box refrigerated pie dough, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Confectioners sugar, for topping], title: OrangeFig Turnovers, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 58874: {instructions: FILL coffee mug with hot coffee. Stir in mocha cappuccino spread mixing until blended. Top with whipped cream and sprinkle of cinnamon, if desired., ingredients: [34 cup hot brewed Folgers coffee, 2 tbsps. Jifu00ae Mocha Cappuccino Flavored Hazelnut Spread, or Jifu00ae Chocolate Flavored Hazelnut Spread, Whipped cream, Ground cinnamon, for garnish], title: Mocha Cappuccino, picturelink: E6Zy.eQd.9izLqFDFGiNJKQhVgIqUa.}, 58875: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small metal bowl, combine the 2 types of chocolate and melt them gently over a pot of simmering water or a double boiler. Cool chocolate to room temperature.nMake the shortbread dough: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the butter and sugar. Blend until smooth and creamed, 3 to 5 minutes. Mix in the cooled melted chocolate.nSift the flour and add to the butter mixture and blend on low speed to incorporate the flour. Do not over mix . Remove the dough from the bowl and refrigerate for a few minutes to chill.nMake the chocolate sauce: In a mediumsized pot, bring the cream to a gentle simmer. Remove the pot from the heat and whisk in the white chocolate pieces. Allow the mixture to sit and cool for a minute. All of the white chocolate should easily melt into the cream. Whisk in the sour cream and taste for seasoning. Cooks Note: Sour cream is temperamental when heated, so take care that your mixture never gets overly hot. If so, cool a little before incorporating. Set aside at room temperature.nPress the shortbread dough evenly into a 9 by 13 by 1inch greased nonstick baking pan. Place in the center of the oven and bake for 35 to 40 minutes until the dough is fairly firm to the touch. Remove from the oven and allow the shortbread to cool for about 10 minutes. Cut into 12 rectangles, 4 by 2 inches, and then cut diagonally across rectangles to form 24 long triangles for good dipping.nArrange shortbread wedges on a tray with the white chocolate sauce in a bowl for dipping., ingredients: [1 ounce bittersweet chocolate, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 cup unsalted butter, softened, plus a little extra for greasing the baking sheet, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup heavy cream, 8 ounces white chocolate, chopped or shaved into small pieces, 12 cup sour cream, preferably at room temperature], title: Chocolate Shortbread with White Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: XJvT20dmX7hH8Ir1g82jwTmGKr95c6}, 58876: {instructions: Rub duck legs with 1 tablespoon salt, and place in a bowl. Sprinkle with pepper and remaining 2 tablespoons salt. Add thyme and bay leaves. Refrigerate covered, turning duck occasionally, for 10 to 12 hours, depending on how strong a salt cure is desired.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRinse duck under cool running water, and pat dry. In a medium skillet over medium heat, place duck skin side down cook until fat renders and skin browns, 15 to 20 minutes.nTransfer meat and reduced fat to a small casserole, placing duck skin side up in 1 layer. Add enough lard to cover. Cover casserole with a lid, and place it in the oven. Cook until duck has rendered all of its fat and the meat it is falling from the bone, 2 to 2 12 hours.nTo preserve duck, pour a layer of fat from the casserole into the bottom of a small terrine. Pack duck on top, and strain the remaining fat from the casserole over the meat. Add additional melted lard, if necessary to cover. Be sure there are no air bubbles in the fat, or the duck will not be properly preserved. Cover, and refrigerate for at least 1 week to allow flavors to mellow.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace terrine in warm water to melt fat. Remove duck from fat wiping off excess fat and reserve it for other uses it makes a wonderful substitute for butter in savory dishes. Place duck in a shallow baking dish, and bake for 5 minutes. Pour off fat, and add to reserved fat. Continue baking until duck is very hot and the skin is crisp, 10 to 15 minutes more.nDivide greens between 4 plates. Drizzle with vinaigrette, and top each bed of greens with a crispy duck leg., ingredients: [4 duck legs, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 2 to 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 to 3 fresh bay leaves, torn into pieces, 3 pounds lard, melted, plus more if needed, 8 cups mixed salad greens, for serving, Vinaigrette, for serving], title: Annes Confit of Duck Legs, picturelink: null}, 58877: {instructions: Finely chop 1 mango and 1 cucumber and set aside. Coarsely chop remaining mango and cucumber and puree with 14 cup water in a blender until almost smooth. Transfer to a bowl and stir in finely chopped mango and cucumber, onion, lime juice, and 2 cups cold water. Place bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and stir until cool.nJust before serving, stir in cilantro and 1 14 teaspoons salt., ingredients: [2 mangoes, peeled and pitted 2 pounds total, 2 seedless cucumbers usually plasticwrapped 1 12 pounds total, 14 cup water, plus 2 cups3 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, or to taste, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 12 teaspoons salt], title: Chilled Mango and Cucumber Soup, picturelink: dVdi9qqOI5HHGTm8HzquCjIsG4WvaYW}, 58878: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the chocolate chips in a blender. Add the brandy, vanilla, salt and eggs and turn on the blender.nWhile it is blending, remove the circular disk from the blender lid and very slowly pour in the very hot coffee. It is essential that the coffee be extremely hot in order for the final product to be the right consistency and texture. Blend until the mixture is smooth and fairly free of visible bits of chocolate, 20 to 30 seconds.nPour the mixture into 3 large glasses, such as snifters, or 10 demitasse cups, leaving plenty of room to add a heap of whipped cream later. Place in the refrigerator for at least 3 to 4 hours so the mixture has a chance to set.nBefore serving, spoon in the Brandy Whipped Cream and decorate with shaved chocolatenAdd the heavy cream and sugar to the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and whip until it forms soft peaks. Add the brandy and mix in., ingredients: [12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 2 teaspoons brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 pinch salt, 4 eggs, at room temperature, 8 ounces 1 cup very hot strong coffee, Brandy Whipped Cream, recipe follows, Chocolate bar, for shaving over, 1 cup heavy cream, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy], title: Pots de Creme, picturelink: 0zRAjLQY69GUKTNnrS8nRaKIjt9ZT6}, 58879: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 large castiron or other heavy skillets 2 bricks wrapped in foilnFor the salsa verde: Put the parsley, tarragon, cornichons, garlic, anchovies, vinegar, capers and some salt and pepper in a food processor. Pulse a few times to coarsely chop the herbs. With the machine running, drizzle in the olive oil to make a thick but pourable sauce. Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nFor the pressed chicken: Heat a charcoal or gas grill to mediumlow.nSeason the chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Line up the breasts skinside down on the grill and lay a piece of foil on top to cover do the same with the thighs. Set a heavy skillet on top of the breasts and a second skillet atop the thighs. Weight each skillet with a foilwrapped brick. Cover the grill and cook, checking for color once or twice, until the skin is deep goldenbrown and crisp, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the bricks, skillets and foil and set aside. Flip the chicken, cover the grill and cook until the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, another 5 to 10 minutes depending on thickness.nRemove the chicken to a cutting board and let rest for 5 minutes. Cut each breast through the bone into 3 or 4 pieces and transfer to a platter along with the whole thighs. Drizzle the chicken with some salsa verde. Serve the remaining salsa verde on the side., ingredients: [2 cups packed fresh Italian parsley leaves, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, 5 cornichons, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 anchovy fillets, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 to 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, 4 each bonein, skinon chicken breasts and thighs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pressed Chicken with Salsa Verde, picturelink: null}, 58880: {instructions: 1. Melt all but 2 tablespoons of the butter in a medium saucepan over mediumlow heat without boiling, about 4 minutes, and skim off any foam that rises to the surface. Remove from the heat and set aside.n2. Melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat in a medium skillet. Cook the garlic, stirring, until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the shrimp and cook, stirring frequently, until starting to turn pink, about 2 minutes. Pour in the wine and cook, stirring, until the liquid is nearly completely evaporated, about 3 minutes. Pour in the lemon juice and cook 1 minute longer. Stir in the salt and clarified butter and remove from the heat.n3. Spoon the shrimp into a small baking dish. Stir in the parsley and pour the melted butter from the skillet over the shrimp just to cover. Reserve any remaining butter in the refrigerator. Chill the shrimp until the butter is solid, 2 hours.n4. Pulse the shrimp mixture in a food processor until pureed. Return the mixture to the baking dish. Warm the refrigerated reserved butter in the microwave just until liquefied, about 10 seconds. Pour over the shrimp to cover and refrigerate 3 hours or overnight.n5. Remove the dish from the refrigerator 1 hour before serving. Spread on crackers or toasted baguette slices and garnish with additional parsley., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 pound raw medium shrimp, peeled, deveined and chopped about 1 cup, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chopped flatleaf parsley leaves, plus extra whole leaves for garnish, Crackers or thinly sliced French baguette, toasted, for serving], title: Potted Shrimp, picturelink: 9D0at9uCkv7L70VyMCTv5xR3j4ZVu}, 58881: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCan be found in Asian marketsnSpecial equipment: a 12count nonstick muffin pannFor the wonton cups: Put an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a pastry brush, brush each side of the wonton wrappers with canola oil. Gently press the wonton wrappers into the bottom and sides of a 12count muffin pan. Bake until lightly golden, about 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Gently lift the wonton cups out of the pan and cool completely, about 10 minutes.nFor the filling: In a large, nonstick skillet, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Drizzle the tilapia fillets with olive oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Arrange the fish in a single layer in the pan and cook until the flesh is flaky and cooked through, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side. Set aside to cool slightly.nFor the dressing: In a medium bowl, whisk together the 3 tablespoons of olive oil and the lime juice. Season with salt, to taste. Add the avocado, mango, green onions, and arugula. Toss until all the ingredients are coated.nFor the creme fraiche: In a small bowl, mix together the creme fraiche, wasabi powder and salt until smooth.nTo assemble the tacos: Put the wonton cups on a platter and divide the avocado mixture into the cups. Top each with 3 to 4 pieces of fish. Spoon about 1 to 2 teaspoons of the creme fraiche mixture on top of the fish and serve.nCooks Note: The wonton wrappers can burn very quickly in the oven so check them after 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 3 14 by 3 14inch square wonton wrappers, 14 cup canola or vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 3 tilapia fillets about 8 ounces total, cut into 34inch pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 avocado, halved, pitted and flesh cut into 12inch cubes, 1 mango, peeled and flesh cut into 12inch cubes, 3 green onions, finely chopped, 3 cups coarsely chopped baby arugula, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice from about 2 limes, Kosher salt, 12 cup creme fraiche, 1 tablespoon wasabi powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Tilapia Fish Tacos with Arugula, picturelink: s69TgN5rt272mXHa6rf9IZdbi4FgyYW}, 58882: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCrush the graham crackers in a food processor or resealable plastic bag. Pour the crumbs into a bowl and stir in the melted butter. Press into a pie pan and bake until golden and set, about 5 minutes. Set aside to cool completely.nFor the filling: Remove the ice cream from the freezer and allow to soften slightly. Mix in the pecans, peanut butter cups and peanut butter crunch candy bars and pour the ice cream mixture into the crust. Cover with foil and freeze until very hard, 1 to 2 hours.nFor the caramel sauce: Mix the brown sugar, halfandhalf, butter and salt in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cook, while whisking gently, until thicker, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the vanilla and cook another minute to thicken further. Pour the sauce into a jar and refrigerate until cold.nTo serve, cut slices of the pie and serve on individual plates with cold caramel sauce spooned over the top and sprinkled with pecans. Serve with extra caramel sauce on the side., ingredients: [18 graham crackers the 4section large pieces, 13 cup butter, melted, 2 pints vanilla ice cream, 14 cup finely chopped pecans, plus extra for serving, 4 peanut butter cups, roughly chopped, 2 large chocolatecovered peanut butter crunch candy bars, such as Butterfinger, roughly chopped, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup halfandhalf, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, Pinch of salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla], title: Ice Cream Pie with Easy Caramel Sauce, picturelink: hrY1kGzq5265SM0P.BceGqD8zNaZIv2}, 58883: {instructions: Whisk together the sugar, water, fish sauce, and lime or lemon juice in a bowl, until the sugar is completely dissolved. Add the garlic, chile, and shallot if using, and let stand for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 13 cup fish sauce, 12 cup lime or lemon juice about 3 limes or 2 lemons, 1 large clove garlic, crushed, peeled and sliced or minced, 1 or more birds eye or Thai chiles, seeded and sliced or minced, 1 shallot, peeled, thinly sliced, rinsed, and drained optional], title: Nuoc Cham: Fish Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58884: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a heavy pot on the stove and preheat it over low heat. Add chips and milk and stir until chips are melted and milk combined. Save the empty condensed milk can. Stir in vanilla and remove fudge from heat. Add nuts and currants and stir in immediately.nCover empty condensed milk can with plastic food wrap and center it in the greased cake pan. Spoon fudge into pan around can, making sure to recenter can if it drifts.nThe fudge will set up almost immediately. Garnish can only be added in the first minute or 2 the fudge is in the pan, so work quickly. Decorate your wreath with holly made from cut candied red and green cherries. A wreath left plain can be garnished with a pretty fabric bow when serving. Chill covered in the refrigerator and slice fudge very thin when ready to serve, a little goes a long way., ingredients: [1 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate morsels, 9 ounces 34 of a 12ounce bag butterscotch morsels, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 8ounce can walnut halves, 12 cup a couple of handfuls currants, 8inch cake pan, lightly greased with softened butter, Candied cherries, red and green, for garnish, optional], title: FiveMinute Fudge Wreath, picturelink: HM.XLAIZrZDbXFuXc7Pw5loWcIWaOoK}, 58885: {instructions: In a stainless steel saucepan, heat the milk with the vanilla bean and tarragon to a simmer. Let sit 5 minutes to infuse.nIn a separate bowl whisk together the egg yolks and sugar until light and fluffy. Whisk in the cornstarch then drizzle in the milk mixture while whisking. Pass through a finemeshed sieve back into the pot, to remove the tarragon and vanilla bean. Bring to a boil, whisking constantly. Remove from the heat, stir in the coconut and butter to melt it. Place in a container over an ice bath and fold it to cool.nOnce its cold, fold in the whipped cream and spoon into dessert cups or stemmed glassware and chill.nThe custard keeps for up to 3 days, chilled and covered.nPreheat a grill or indoor grill pan. Sprinkle the pineapple with powdered sugar and grill, turning once, until well marked. Cool slightly.nTo serve, place 1 grilled pineapple spear in the glass, sticking out, and a lime wedge to squeeze over the whole dessert., ingredients: [3 14 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, split, 34 cup coconut milk, 2 tablespoons packed tarragon leaves, 12 yolks, 1 13 cups sugar, 12 cup cornstarch, 12 cup sweetened, shredded coconut, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup heavy cream, whipped, 12 fresh pineapple, peeled and cut into spears, Confectioners sugar, as needed, 1 lime, cut in wedges], title: Coconut Tarragon Custard with Grilled Pineapple, picturelink: null}, 58886: {instructions: Combine the chicken broth and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat hold at a gentle simmer.nMelt the butter in a medium pot over medium heat. Add the onions and cook until soft and translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the thyme, cumin and orzo, and toast the pasta for 2 to 3 minutes. Carefully pour in the simmering broth and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, then cover the pot and reduce the heat to medium low. Cook until all the liquid is absorbed, 20 minutes. Fluff with a fork.nFold in the cherries, pistachios, lemon zest, olive oil and mustard greens. Top with parsley to serve., ingredients: [2 cups chicken broth, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small yellow onion, chopped small, 2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 12 cups orzo pasta, 12 cup dried cherries, roughly chopped, 12 cup pistachios, toasted and roughly chopped, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups packed mustard greens, cut into thin slices, 12 cup fresh parsley, roughly chopped, for garnish], title: Orzo Salad with Mustard Greens and Dried Cherries, picturelink: UUFu3kBr3eoee7lgD9YpeJtlPHE9Dz6}, 58887: {instructions: Cook potatoes in boiling water 6 to 7 minutes until tender, drain, scatter across a large flat surface to cool and dry, 5 minutes. Smash the garlic with salt to make a paste and add to potatoes along with thyme, parsley, lemon zest and crushed red pepper flakes. Feel through the crab as you add it to the potatoes to check for shells. Mix together to combine and form into 4 4 to 5inch super sized, killer crab cakes.nHeat 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil in a nonstick skillet over medium to medium high heat. Add the cakes and cook 5 minutes on each side or until deep golden brown.nCombine the roasted red peppers, shallot, sugar, the juice of 12 lemon and the red wine vinegar in a food processor. Stream in the remaining 14 cup extravirgin olive oil and form a dressing. Stop the processor and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Combine the greens in a salad bowl and dress them. Adjust salt and pepper, to your taste. Serve crab cakes on a bed of salad., ingredients: [1 starchy potato, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 cloves garlic, Coarse salt, Handful fresh flatlead parsley, Couple sprigs fresh thyme, leaves finely chopped, 12 lemon, zested and juiced, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2 6ounce tubs fresh lump crabmeat, available at fresh seafood counter, 7 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, divided, 2 roasted red peppers, 1 small shallot, chopped, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Black pepper, 1 small escarole, chopped, 1 small head radicchio, chopped, 1 endive, chopped], title: Killer Crab Cakes and Bitter Salad with Sweet Red Pepper Dressing, picturelink: tZMkUjqePjlPYI3HAk8ptnxof4LlMjC}, 58888: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees.nMake pastry stars: On a lightly floured surface with a lightly floured rolling pin roll out each puff pastry sheet into a 14x13inch rectangle. With 1 or more starshaped cutters cut out 24 pastry stars. Divide pastry stars between 2 baking sheets, arranging in one layer, and freeze 5 minutes.nRemove baking sheets from freezer. Brush top of each pastry star lightly with some egg wash be careful not to drip down edges of pastry and bake in middle and lower third of oven about 5 minutes. Alternate baking sheets and bake 5 to 10 minutes more, or until pastry stars are puffed and golden brown. Transfer pastry stars to a rack and cool completely. Pastry stars may be made 2 days ahead and kept in a sealed plastic bag at room temperature. Yield: 24 starsnMake berry mixture: In a large bowl whisk together water, lemon juice, and cornstarch until combined well. Add berries and sugar, tossing gently to combine well. Divide berry mixture evenly among eight 1 12cup shallow ramekins or baking dishes and put in 2 shallow baking pans. Bake berries in middle and lower thirds of oven 25 minutes and cool slightly.nTo assemble cobblers: Top each serving decoratively with pastry stars and a scoop of ice cream. Serve hot or warm., ingredients: [2 sheets frozen puff pastry about 1 pound, thawed, 1 large egg yolk, 1 tablespoon water, 13 cup water, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 12 tablespoons cornstarch, 5 cups fresh blackberries about 5 halfpints, 5 cups fresh raspberries about 4 halfpints, 2 12 to 2 34 cups sugar, or to taste, Ice cream], title: Individual Berry Cobblers, picturelink: null}, 58889: {instructions: In a large bowl gently but thoroughly combine the ground beef, salt, pepper, cumin, paprika, and chili powder. Gently form the meat into 4 6ounce patties, about 12inch thick, and place on a plate. Refrigerate the burgers, covered until needed. Preheat broiler or grill. Char the chiles on all sides, turning occasionally with tongs, about 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer blackened chiles to a large bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let stand for 30 minutes or until cool enough to handle. Wearing rubber gloves, peel the chiles. Trim off stems, slice in half and discard seeds and ribs. Coarsely chop the chiles.nIn a saucepan heat the oil over moderate heat and cook the onion until soft. Add the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the flour and cook for 2 minutes, stirring to coat. Slowly add the water, stirring to combine, and bring the mixture to a simmer. Stir in the chiles and cook until thickened. Season to taste with salt. Keep warm.nCook the burgers to desired degree of doneness. Top each burger with a slice of cheese and cover, cooking until cheese melts. Transfer each burger to a bun and top with chile mixture. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef sirloin, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 4 fresh Anaheim chiles, 1 fresh poblano chile, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 14 cup minced onion, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 13 cup water, 4 thick slices Cheddar cheese, 4 hamburger buns], title: Green Chile Cheeseburgers, picturelink: null}, 58890: {instructions: Prepare a bowl of ice water. Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Put the parsley and basil in a fine mesh strainer and plunge into the boiling water, pushing the leaves down into the water and stirring so they cook evenly for about 15 seconds. Remove and plunge directly into ice water. Drain immediately, squeeze dry and roughly chop.nIn a blender, puree the herbs with the oil, 1 tablespoon pine nuts, garlic, salt and pepper. When well blended add the cheese and pulse briefly just to mix. Transfer to a bowl and adjust seasoning.nIn a large pot filled halfway with cold salted water add the potatoes. Bring potatoes to a boil and simmer until a small knife can pierce through the center without resistance. Drain potatoes through a colander.nIn a large nonreactive mixing bowl add potatoes and crush gently with a fork, add in the pesto and remaining pine nuts and mix to coat the crushed potatoes evenly. Check for seasoning, serve and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup lightly packed fresh parsley leaves, 3 cups lightly packed fresh basil leaves, 1 cup pure olive oil, 3 tablespoons toasted pine nuts, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, divided about 2 cloves, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 1 pound small Yukon gold potatoes], title: Pesto Crushed Potatoes, picturelink: nJtW.HYCNamkBeiU7Qdlsp8JjwIPfNi}, 58891: {instructions: 1.Preheat oven to 350 degrees F 175 degrees C. Lightly grease a 9 x 13 baking dish.n2.Combine the melted butter, sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each, until thoroughly blended.n3.Sift together the flour, cocoa powder, and salt. Gradually stir the dry mixture into the wet mixture until blended. Stir in the chocolate morsels. Spread the batter evenly into the prepared baking dish.n4.Bake in preheated oven until an inserted toothpick comes out clean, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove, and cool pan on wire rack before cutting.n5.To make tiered cakes: using a small, medium, and large biscuit cutter cut out 3 circles. Top brownie circles on top of each other from large too small. Dust with powdered sugar and top with a cherry or raspberry., ingredients: [1 cup butter, melted, 3 cups white sugar, 1 TBSP vanilla extract, 4 eggs, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tsp. salt, 1 cup semisweet chocolate morsels, Fresh raspberries or cherries  powdered sugar, garnish], title: Homemade Fudge Brownies, picturelink: null}, 58892: {instructions: Combine all ingredients., ingredients: [1 teaspoon or so Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, Salt and pepper], title: Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 58893: {instructions: Special equipment: candy thermometernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line 1 rimmed sheet pan with heavy foil and another with parchment paper.nPlace a baking rack over the foillined sheet pan and arrange the bacon slices across the rack next to each other, but not overlapping. Bake until crispy, 15 to 18 minutes. When cool enough to handle, finely chop and set aside.nReduce the oven temp to 350 degrees F.nIn a small saucepan over moderate heat, melt 3 tablespoons butter and 3 tablespoons brown sugar, about 1 minute. Add the pecans and combine until the pecans are coated. Pour out onto another unlined sheet pan and bake until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nPlace the remaining 2 cups brown sugar into a 3quart heavy saucepan, being careful to not get sugar on the sides of the pan. Add the cream, the remaining 2 tablespoons butter and salt and cook over very low heat do not let simmer, stirring frequently with a rubber spatula, until the sugar is dissolved, 10 to 15 minutes. Wash down any sugar crystals on the side of the pan with a pastry brush dipped in cold water. Clamp on a candy thermometer to the saucepan and boil the syrup over moderatelyhigh heat until it registers 236 degrees F.nRemove the pan from the heat, leaving the thermometer in place, and let cool until the syrup registers 220 degrees F, 1 to 2 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, stir in the bacon and pecans. Working quickly, drop 1 tablespoon of pralines onto the prepared parchmentlined sheet pan. If the mixture starts to harden, place back on the stove over moderatelylow heat and let it melt. Let the pralines sit until they harden, about 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound thickcut bacon, 3 tablespoons plus 2 cups light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons plus 2 tablespoons butter, cut into 12inch cubes, 1 14 cups pecans, roughly chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon table salt], title: New Orleans Bacon Pralines, picturelink: null}, 58894: {instructions: Soak the bamboo or wooden skewers in water for 30 to 60 minutes. Drain and pat dry. With a sharp knife, cut the steak into 24 long, thin strips. Thread 1 strip onto each skewer, weaving the skewer back and forth along the length of each steak strip. Arrange the skewers on a large platter or baking tray. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until needed.nAbout 30 minutes before you wish to grill the skewers, combine the soy sauce, honey, chili flakes, cumin, turmeric, and oil in a small bowl. Pour this marinade over the steak skewers, turning to coat the meat evenly. Leave the steak skewers to marinate at room temperature for about 20 minutes.nPreheat a hinged grill or panini maker, according to the manufacturers instructions, or preheat a broiler, outdoor grill or stovetop grill pan.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Add the garlic cloves and blanch them in the boiling water for 30 seconds to a minute to remove some of their harshness. Drain the cloves well, pat them dry with paper towels, and chop them finely. In a small skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, ginger and green onion and saute just until they begin to soften and smell fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the stock, soy sauce, honey, hoisin or barbecue sauce, and chili flakes and bring to a boil. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes longer. Pour the sauce through a strainer into a clean pan and, over medium heat, whisk in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter, a little bit at a time. Keep warm.nGrill the skewers in batches if necessary to prevent overcrowding until cooked through and nicely browned, about 2 minutes total on a hinged grill or panini maker or 2 minutes per side in the broiler, in a grill pan, or on an outdoor grill 1 minute if you want the meat rare. Take care that the skewers dont prevent a hinged grill or panini maker from closing properly. Transfer to a platter, pour on the sauce, and serve or serve with the sauce on the side for dipping., ingredients: [24 6inch bamboo or wooden skewers, 34pound New York strip steak or fillet, trimmed, 12 cup soy sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 to 1 teaspoon red chili flakes, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 2 tablespoons vegetable or peanut oil, 2 cloves garlic, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, divided, 1 teaspoon peeled and minced fresh ginger, 1 whole green onion, finely chopped, 1 cup chicken stock, 14 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon honey, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce or your favorite barbecue sauce, 1 teaspoon red chili flakes], title: HoneyMarinated Beef Satay with Spicy Butter Sauce, picturelink: null}, 58895: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nChop the dates and pine nuts, add them to a small bowl and mix to combine. Put the date and nut mixture into a small pan over medium heat, then stir in the red wine and the honey. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Put the bread slices on a sheet pan and a drizzle with olive oil. Put in the oven and toast. Top each toast with 1 tablespoon of the date mixture. Arrange the crostini on a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [24 dates, pitted, 12 cup pine nuts, toasted, 12 cup red wine, 14 cup honey, 1 baguette, cut into 14inch slices, Olive oil], title: Pine Nut and Date Crositini, picturelink: null}, 58896: {instructions: Put a pot large enough to fit broccoli of water on to boil. Break broccoli into florets. When the water is boiling, add a handful of kosher salt, and then the broccoli florets. Return to a boil, and cook until florets are just tender. Drain in a colander and set aside.nJust before serving, heat the olive oil on medium high in a large skillet. When the oil is hot, add the butter, as soon as butter foams, add the broccoli, season generously with salt and pepper and cook, tossing just until seasonings are distributed and the broccoli is heated through. Serve., ingredients: [112 pounds broccoli crowns, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoon butter, kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Johns Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 58897: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon, salt and pepper in a mixing bowl and stir to combine. Add chopped, cooked artichoke hearts and lump crabmeat. Stir well and season with more salt and pepper, if necessary. Pour into an oven proof dish a large ramekin works well and bake dip for 10 to 12 minutes until heated through and top is nice and bubbly. Serve with Croutons and garnish with parsley sprigs and Parmesan.nTrim artichokes down to their hearts, working quickly so they dont go too brown you can rub with lemon juice as you go if you like. Split hearts in half lengthwise and drizzle with a little olive oil and season with some salt and pepper. Place into a microwavesteamer bag and cook for 2 to 3 minutes in your microwave time may vary depending on your microwave. When done allow to sit in the bag for 1 minute then remove and roughly chop. Set aside to cool.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Cut baguette on a slight bias and lay out on a sheet tray. Drizzle with olive oil and season lightly with salt and pepper. Bake in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes until golden brown and crispy., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup sour cream, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Steamed Artichoke Hearts, recipe follows, 1 cup fresh lump crab meat, picked over, Croutons, recipe follows, 1 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, for garnish, Grated Parmesan, 3 large globe artichokes, Lemon juice, Olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 French baguette, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Artichoke Crab Dip, picturelink: PG062Q8pGafV0eMzGIleIv3D3vlLXaK}, 58898: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the oven rack in the lower third of the oven so the lamb will sit in the middle of the oven.nPeel 6 of the cloves of garlic and place them in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Add the rosemary, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, and butter. Process until the garlic and rosemary are finely minced. Thoroughly coat the top and sides of the lamb with the rosemary mixture. Allow to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nToss the potatoes and remaining unpeeled garlic in a bowl with the olive oil and sprinkle with salt. Place in the bottom of a large roasting pan. Place the lamb on top of the potatoes and roast for 1 14 to 1 12 hours, or until the internal temperature of the lamb is 135 degrees rare or 145 degrees medium. Remove from the oven and put the lamb on a platter cover tightly with aluminum foil. Allow the lamb to rest for about 20 minutes. Slice and serve with the potatoes., ingredients: [12 large unpeeled garlic cloves, divided, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 6pound boneless leg of lamb, trimmed and tied, 4 to 5 pounds small unpeeled potatoes 16 to 20 potatoes, 2 tablespoons good olive oil], title: HerbRoasted Lamb, picturelink: 62BdXBlWC0WJpVGs9JI1cmdJnH8A2vG}, 58899: {instructions: Special equipment: One 9inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray the springform pan with cooking spray, line with a circle of parchment, and spray the parchment. Place the chocolate wafer cookies in the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until it makes fine crumbs. Add the melted butter and pulse to combine. Press the mixture into the bottom and halfway up the sides of the prepared springform pan. Bake until toasted and crisp, 15 minutes. Cool completely. Scoop alternating scoops of half of the ice cream and half of the sorbet into the crust using an icecream scoop. Smooth the top, filling in any gaps. Tile slices of pound cake over the ice cream. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until firm, 30 minutes. Remove the cake from the freezer. Spread the hot fudge sauce over the cake slices. Scoop the remaining ice cream and sorbet onto the hot fudge sauce and smooth the top. Cover with plastic wrap and freeze until completely set, 4 hours.nImmediately prior to serving, make the whipped topping. Whip the cream into semisoft peaks, and then add the powdered sugar and vanilla and continue to whip to stiff peaks. To serve, remove the plastic wrap and coat the top of the cake with the whipped topping using an offset spatula while still in the springform pan. Release the cake from the sides of the pan with a knife and remove the ring. Garnish with cocoa powder and raspberries and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing, One 9ounce package chocolate wafer cookies, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 cups vanilla ice cream, softened, 6 cups raspberry sorbet, softened, One 11.5ounce frozen pound cake, thawed, sliced 12inch thick, 1 cup hot fudge sauce, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Cocoa powder, for garnish, Fresh raspberries, for garnish], title: Ice Cream Birthday Cake, picturelink: VbkHoTpZScbXio0vB6HlIoYWyYaTTe}, 58900: {instructions: Bake sweet potatoes in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 hour until fork tender. Remove peels. In the bowl of an electric mixer, combine potatoes, cane syrup, condensed milk, butter and brown sugar. Add the orange juice, lemon zest and juice. Blend thoroughly with the paddle attachment until smooth. Sprinkle in the cinnamon sugar, nutmeg, raisins and pecans. Finally, remove the bowl from the mixer and add the pralines fold gently through the mixture.nTransfer mixture to a 2 12 quart glass baking dish. Bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. Top with meringue. Return to oven and broil 7 minutes until the meringue is golden brown., ingredients: [6 pounds sweet potatoes, 1 tablespoon cane syrup, 13 cup nonfat sweetened condensed milk, 2 sticks butter, softened, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 orange, juiced, 1 lemon, zested, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 teaspoon cinnamon sugar, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 cup raisins, 2 cups pecans, chopped, 8 ounces about 6 large pralines, broken, Italian Meringue, recipe above], title: Sweet Potato Praline Souffle, picturelink: null}, 58901: {instructions: Mix the shrimp, tomatoes, cucumbers, lime juice, onions, cilantro and serranos in a large bowl. Let sit until the shrimp is opaque and cooked through, at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.nStir in the vodka and let sit for another 10 minutes. Serve on the toast., ingredients: [1 pound U16 raw, shelled and deveined shrimp, cut in half lengthwise, 1 cup seeded and finely chopped tomatoes, 1 cup seeded and finely chopped cucumbers, 34 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 12 cup finely chopped red onions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 serrano pepper, seeded and minced, Salt, 12 cup vodka, 4 slices quality Italian bread, toasted], title: Boozy Shrimp Ceviche Toast, picturelink: null}, 58902: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9inch pie pan a docker or fork pie weights or dry beans cookie cuttersnFor the crust: In a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, combine the flour, sugar and salt. With the mixer running, drop in the butter and mix until the mixture resembles wet sand. In a small bowl, whisk together the cream and egg yolks, then pour into the mixer and whip until just combined. Turn the dough out onto a clean cutting board and cut in half. Using your hands, gently push each half of dough into a disc and wrap each in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least 6 hours or up to overnight.nFor the cookie dough: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter with the sugar. Beat in the egg yolks one at a time, then add the vanilla and salt. Add the flour, a little at a time, until incorporated. Divide the dough into small batches and color each with food coloring, as desired. Chill the dough for 1 hour before rolling. When ready to decorate the pie, roll the dough to 14inch thick. Use cookie cutters or a knife to cut out shapes for decorating the pie. For the filling: In a large mixing bowl, whisk the sugar, eggs and yolks until the mixture turns a light, golden color. Then whisk in the buttermilk, cornmeal, flour, cinnamon, vanilla and salt. While whisking, slowly drizzle in the browned butter.nFor the pie: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a 9inch pie pan with cooking spray. Gently dust a clean work surface with flour, then place a pie dough disk on top and use a rolling pin to roll out the dough into a large circle, about 14inch thick. Transfer the dough to the pie pan, then crimp the edges and prick the dough on the bottom with a docker or fork. Line the crust with parchment paper and fill with pie weights or dried beans to weigh the dough down. Bake until the dough just sets, 8 minutes. Remove the crust from the oven and reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F. Working quickly, use a pastry brush to brush the crust with egg wash. Carefully pour the filling into the crust.nBake the pie until set but slightly jiggly, about 35 minutes, covering the edges of the crust with foil to prevent burning after about 10 minutes. Add the cookie dough topper decorations to the pie, then bake for 10 minutes more. Check the pie at about 40 minutes total the center should still have a jiggle to it, but it should seem mostly set. Cool completely before decorating the pie with dragees, glitter and icing., ingredients: [1 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 pound 4 sticks cold butter, cubed, 14 cup heavy cream, 4 egg yolks, 1 12 cups 3 sticks butter, at room temperature, 1 13 cups sugar, 4 egg yolks, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 cups allpurpose flour, Food coloring, 2 cups sugar, 5 whole eggs plus 2 egg yolks, 34 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons finely ground cornmeal, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup brown butter, cooled, Nonstick cooking spray, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 egg, whisked, Dragees, for decorating, Edible glitter, for decorating, Royal icing, for decorating], title: Cinnamon Chess Pie, picturelink: rvQ2rLjkrmEgtl5vocqMbzz1UNwzCPO}, 58903: {instructions: Although homemade meat loaf is delicious right out of the oven, some say its even better the next day. Martha likes to put several slices of her leftover meat loaf between 2 pieces of thick wholewheat or Pullman bread, creating a simple yet hearty sandwich.nBegin by cutting the meat loaf into mediumthick approximately 1inch slices cut 2 slices per sandwich. Spread mayonnaise on a piece of bread, and lay the meat loaf slices on top. Add some lettuce and 1 or 2 slices from a beefsteak tomato. Spread more mayonnaise, mustard, or homemade tomato jam on the other slice of bread, and place it on top. No reheating is necessary just cut the sandwich in 12, and enjoy, ingredients: [Meatloaf, Wholewheat bread, sliced, Mayonnaise, mustard or tomato jam], title: Good Thing: Meatloaf Sandwich, picturelink: null}, 58904: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake a paste by smashing the garlic with a little salt and add to a small bowl. Whisk in the vinegar, soy, sesame oil, and red chili flakes.nHeat grill to high. Brush eggplant with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred and just cooked through. Slice each half into 12inch slices and place on a platter. Drizzle with the vinegar mixture and sprinkle with mint or cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon finely chopped garlic, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 teaspoon red chili flakes, 4 Asian eggplants, halved lengthwise, Vegetable oil, Chopped fresh mint or cilantro leaves], title: Grilled Eggplant with Garlic Sauce and Mint, picturelink: OPZYKqVgGOCe4yPRlNG0RyRERyONTlq}, 58905: {instructions: 1. In large nonstick skillet heat caraway seeds over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes or until fragrant, stirring frequently. In small bowl combine caraway seeds, mustard, mayonnaise and horseradish. Set aside.n2. In same skillet cook kielbasa slices in hot oil about 8 minutes or until no longer pink, turning once halfway through cooking. Drain on paper towels. Cut each slice in half.n3. Spread mustard mixture on pretzel side of KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE FLIPSIDES Original crackers. Top with kielbasa piece and relish. Serve warm.nEntwine Pairing: Cabernet Sauvignon the wine has a mouth feel galore to stand up to smoky kielbasa mustard makes the wines blackberry and smoke notes shinenNutrition Information:nServing Size: 2 crackers, 2 tsp mustard mixture, 12 slice kielbasa plus 1 tsp pickle relish Calories 120, Calories From Fat 80, Saturated Fat 2 g, Trans Fat 0g, Total Fat 9g, Cholesterol 10mg, Sodium 350mg, Total Carbohydrates 7g, Sugars 3g, Dietary Fiber 0g, Protein 3g, Vitamin A 2, Vitamin C 2, Calcium 0, Iron 2, ingredients: [1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 14 cup spicy brown mustard, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 8 ounces kielbasa, cut into 12inchthick slices, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 24 Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Flipsidesu00ae Original crackers, 14 cup sweet pickle relish], title: Spicy Horseradish Mustard with Kielbasa, picturelink: null}, 58906: {instructions: For the eyes: Snip each mini marshmallow in half with scissors. Press a mini chocolate chip into the cut sides of the marshmallows as a pupil for each eye. Set aside.nFor the ears: Set the red gumdrop fruit slices on the work surface on their rounded side or upright. With a small sharp knife, trim onethird off the side of the gumdrop to decrease its weight. Reserve the trimmings. Then cut through each slice vertically about threequarters of the way through. Twist the top half away from the bottom half and press the parts together at a 45 degree angle they will still be attached.nFor the tails: Slice the reserved trimmings from the ears into 12 thin strips about 1 inch long.nFor the trunks: Remove a 34inch segment from each gummy ring to make a trunk.nTo assemble: Frost each cupcake with about 2 tablespoons of the buttercream. Place the pink sanding sugar in a small bowl. Invert each cupcake into the sugar and press gently to adhere.nAttach the eyes by pressing gently into position. Insert one end of the trunk just below eye level. Push the bottom half of the ears into the sides of the cupcake. Insert a tail on the back of the cupcake. Repeat steps for all cupcakes., ingredients: [12 mini marshmallows for the eyes, 24 mini chocolate chips for the pupils, 24 red gumdrop fruit slices for the ears and tails, 12 pink gummy rings for the trunks, 12 vanilla cupcakes, 2 cups vanilla buttercream, 34 cup pink sanding sugar], title: Elephant Cupcakes, picturelink: wiAXaYYOjc.j2VdjIbkOl5TxRfGnW}, 58907: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees.nCrush the garlic clove and combine with 23 cup melted butter in a shallow baking dish. In another dish combine the bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, parsley, salt and pepper. First dip the chicken into the butter and then coat it in the bread crumb mixture.nArrange the chicken 1 layer deep in a greased large, shallow baking pan and drizzle evenly with remaining melted butter. Bake uncovered, 1 to 1 14 hours until fork tender and browned., ingredients: [1 garlic clove, 14 pound butter, melted, 1 cup soft white bread crumbs, 13 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon pepper, 2 12 pounds chicken, cut up into pieces], title: Oven Fried Chicken Parmesan, picturelink: null}, 58908: {instructions: Cut the chicken into 34inch cubes and place them in a deep nonreactive bowl. heat the oil in a nonreactive saucepan and fry the onions until they are lightly browned. Add the remaining ingredients and cook for 2 minutes over low heat, stirring constantly to make sure that the sugar has dissolved. Allow the marinade to cool and pour it over the chicken. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate it for 24 hours.nWhen ready to grill the chicken pieces, remove them from the marinade, drain them, place them on skewers, and grill over hot coals or under broiler for 10 minutes, turning once, or until the chicken is cooked through. Serve hot., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breast, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 onions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon hot Madras curry powder, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Spiced Skewered Chicken, picturelink: null}, 58909: {instructions: Soak sweetbreads in cold water for 1 hour. Rinse and place in pot. Cover with additional cold water. Bring slowly to a boil, then drain immediately and plunge into a bowl of cold water. Remove skin and press sweetbreads between 2 plates. Wrap plates in a towel, place a heavy weight on top, and compress for 30 minutes. Blot sweetbreads dry after pressed.nFor pastry: Make well in center of flour. Add salt and butter. Combine quickly with water to form a smooth dough. Knead lightly and let rest for 30 minutes in a cool place. Remove and roll out to a size slightly larger than the lip of a pie pan.nTo assemble: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Heat clarified butter in pan. When hot, add bacon and fry. Line pie dish with half the bacon, cover with a layer of sweetbreads. Add remaining bacon and remaining sweetbreads. Moisten with lemon juice and cover with tomatoes. Season with pepper and marjoram leaves.nLightly brush lip of pie pan with water. Cover filling with pastry and press down at edges to seal. Trim off excess dough. Cut vent holes in center and brush dough with egg. Bake 45 minutes., ingredients: [10 ounces veal sweetbreads, 2 cups flour, sifted, Pinch salt, 34 cup butter, cut into 12inch dice, 12 cup water, Clarified butter, 8 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 medium tomatoes, cut into 12inch slices, Black pepper, to taste, 30 marjoram leaves, 1 egg, lightly beaten], title: Veal Sweetbread and Bacon Pie, picturelink: null}, 58910: {instructions: Begin the components of this meal by beginning with the following:nBring cola to a boil over high heat in a large wide, shallow saucepan.nBring chicken broth to a boil over high heat in a large deep pan.nBring 2inches peanut oil to 350 degrees F in a large Dutch oven.nPreparing the glaze: Once cola is boiling, continue to cook vigorously, over mediumhigh heat, until its reduced to about 13 cup and becomes slightly syrupy, about 15 to 20 minutes. While the cola is reducing, place the peach pieces into a blender and puree. Once the cola has reduced, stir in the horseradish, peach puree, and pepper. Set aside. The glaze will have the consistency of a thin syrup.nPreparing the grits: Once the chicken broth comes to a boil, slowly whisk in the grits and stir vigorously to avoid lumps. Continue to cook the grits over mediumlow heat, stirring frequently, until they are soft and thick, about 10 to 15 minutes. Cover the pot and allow the grits to sit for 5 minutes. Stir in 14 cup cream, pimientos, and cheese, and stir to combine. Just before serving, check the consistency of the grits. Stir in the additional 14 cream, if necessary, to thin them out.nPrepare the sweet potato frizzles: Peel and grate the sweet potato using the large holes in a box grater. Using a tea towel, squeeze as much liquid as possible from the potato. Carefully drop the dry potato shreds in the oil once it reaches 350 degrees F. Fry for about 1 minute, until crispy and lightly browned. Remove from oil, drain on paper towels, and season lightly with salt.nPrepare the watercress salad: Grate the onion using a box grater. In a jar or shaker, mix the onion, sugar, vinegar, oil, and salt. Shake vigorously until blended. Just before plating the salad, drizzle about 14 to 12 cup of the dressing over the watercress and toss gently to coat.nPreparing the chops: Note the chops are fully cooked, so the preparation is to give them color, glaze them, and heat them through.nPreheat a large grill pan to mediumhigh heat. Brush each chop with about a tablespoon of oil, and season scantily with salt and pepper. Be cautious about oversalting the chops, since they are generally salty. Place the chops on the grill pan. Allow to sear for about 1 to 3 minutes, and then rotate the chop to get nice hash marks on the chop for another 2 to 3 minutes. Turn chops over. Cook on the other side for 3 to 4 minutes total. Reduce heat. A few minutes before serving, spoon about a teaspoon of glaze over each chop. Turn over and repeat, being careful not to burn the glaze.nTo serve: Place a mound of the grits on each plate. Lean a chop next to the grits. Sprinkle about a tablespoon of sweet potato atop the gritschop. On the side of the chop, mound a serving of the dressed watercress. Drizzle a tablespoon or so of the glaze over the chop and allow it to run into the grits., ingredients: [1 12ounce can cola, flat recommended: Coke, 12 cup fresh or frozenthawed peeled peach slices, 2 to 4 teaspoons prepared horseradish adjust as necessary to produce a more or less spicy glaze, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 14 cups yellow quick cooking grits recommended: Bobs Red Mill Corn GritsPolenta, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 tablespoons drained and chopped pimientos, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 1 sweet potato, Peanut oil, for frying, Kosher salt, 12 small Vidalia onion or other sweet onion, peeled, 13 cup sugar, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 13 cup olive oil, Pinch kosher salt, 3 cups fresh watercress, washed and dried, 6 approximately 8ounce bonein, fully cooked smoked pork chops recommended: Smithfield, Olive oil, for brushing on chops, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Jezebels Glazed Pork Chops on Pimiento Cheese Grits with Sweet Potato Frizzles, picturelink: null}, 58911: {instructions: Combine oil and lemon slices in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer over low heat until lemon slices are translucent, about 5 minutes. Let cool uncovered 30 minutes. Strain lemon oil into bowl. Discard remaining lemon slices. Use lemon oil in your favorite vinaigrettes, marinades, or anywhere you might use basic oil., ingredients: [12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 14inch thick lemon slices], title: Lemon Oil, picturelink: null}, 58912: {instructions: On 4 luncheonsize plates, make beds of lettuce. Mound crab on top. Combine dressing ingredients and spoon over crab, then garnish each plate with tomatoes and hardcooked eggs., ingredients: [1 quart crisp, coarsely shredded lettuce, 1 pound freshcooked crab meat, well picked over Dungeness, lump, or backfin, 4 tomatoes, quartered, 4 hardcooked eggs, peeled and quartered, 1 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup ketchup, 14 cup heavy cream, whipped, 2 tablespoons finely grated scallions, 2 tablespoons minced parsley, 2 tablespoons minced green bell pepper, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon prepared horseradish, Pinch salt], title: Crab Louis, picturelink: null}, 58913: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the macaroni and cook, stirring occasionally until it is almost tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Drain, rinse with cold water, and set aside.nIn a large bowl, beat the eggs with the milk, 14 cup melted butter, the cayenne pepper, and a teaspoon of salt.nPut half the macaroni into a buttered 2quart casserole and top with half the Cheddar cheese. Repeat. Pour the milk mixture over the macaroni and cheese.nIn a small bowl, mix the bread crumbs with the paprika, the remaining butter, and the Parmesan. Sprinkle the bread crumb mixture over the macaroni and bake until brown and bubbly, 40 to 45 minutes. Serve warm., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 2 cups elbow macaroni, 2 eggs, beaten, 2 cups evaporated milk, 12 cup butter, melted, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 12 cups grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Chef Joes Baked Macaroni and Cheese, picturelink: .fMDutNVyELtooDLH5aV6X6DLCvMCq}, 58914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the raisins: In a small bowl, soak the raisins in the Mulled Wine for 1 hour.nFor the dough: In a large bowl, add the allpurpose flour, butter, sugar and salt. Using a pastry cutter, mix the ingredients until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Use just enough cold water, about 2 tablespoons, to bring the mixture together. Form a disk with the dough and wrap it in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 1 hour.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nOn a clean surface, roll the dough to a large circle roughly 12 inches in diameter. Transfer the dough to the prepared baking sheet.nFor the tart: Spread the pears in the center of the dough, leaving a 3inch border on the outside. Remove the raisins from the wine and put on top of the pears.nIn a small bowl, mix together the almond flour, almond paste, butter, cinnamon, salt and orange juice. Sprinkle the mixture over the pears and raisins. Fold over the edges of the dough to encircle the pears. Bake until the pears are tender, about 20 minutes.nServe warm with vanilla ice cream.nBegin by placing the cloves, peppercorns, cinnamon and star anise into a large piece of cheesecloth. Make a pouch and tie it with kitchen twine.nIn a large nonreactive pot over medium heat, add the wine, honey, lemon zest and juice, orange zest and juice and the cheesecloth of spices and bring to a simmer be sure not to bring to a boil. Simmer for 30 minutes, and then add the brandy., ingredients: [1 cup golden raisins, 1 cup Mulled Wine, recipe follows, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, cubed, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 pounds Bosc pears, peeled and cut into 12inch slices, 14 cup almond flour, 14 cup almond paste, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Pinch of kosher salt, Juice of 1 orange, Vanilla ice cream, for serving, 12 whole cloves, 10 peppercorns, cracked, 4 cinnamon sticks, 2 star anise buds, 2 bottles dry, fruity red wine, such as Shiraz or Malbec, 12 cup honey, 2 lemons, zest removed with a peeler and juiced, 2 oranges, zest removed with a peeler and juiced, 12 cup brandy], title: Rustic Fruit Tart, picturelink: R2X0sqWvYC1jCVvESTkTKqbAdI1r4yu}, 58915: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn an electric mixer fitted with a paddle, mix the eggs, lemon zest, sugar and passion fruit juice on low speed for 1 minute. Stir in the heavy cream, lemon juice and coconut. Pour the mixture into the tart shell and bake for 40 minutes., ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 6 ounces dark brown sugar, 1ounce 2 tablespoons passion fruit juice concentrate, 13 ounces 1 58 cups heavy cream, 3 cups grated sweetened coconut, 1 prebaked 9inch tart shell], title: Coconut Tart, picturelink: null}, 58916: {instructions: Toss 2 pints grape tomatoes, 4 smashed garlic cloves, 14 cup olive oil and 2 teaspoons fresh thyme in an ovenproof skillet cook over mediumhigh heat until the tomatoes are soft, 8 minutes. Mix 2 tablespoons olive oil and 12 cup each breadcrumbs and parmesan sprinkle over the tomatoes and broil until golden, 3 minutes.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Tomato Gratin, picturelink: 6cv33EkDaezGO9SR2bz8eeHVPizc2G}, 58917: {instructions: Special equipment: 9by13inch baking pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line an ungreased 9by13inch baking pan with foil.nMix the flour, butter and powdered sugar. Press the mixture in to the prepared pan building up 1inch edges. Bake for 20 minutes.nBeat the sugar, lemon juice, lemon peel, baking powder, salt and eggs until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Pour over the baked crust. Bake until no indentation remains when touched, 25 minutes. Cool completely and sprinkle with powdered sugar. Cut into 4inch squares and enjoy, ingredients: [5 cups flour, 2 12 cups butter, at room temperature, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 6 cups granulated sugar, 14 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 teaspoons grated lemon peel, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 eggs], title: Lemon Squares, picturelink: null}, 58918: {instructions: Special equipment: a gram scale, food grade silicone glassware molds, a syringe and an immersion blendernFor the caviar spherification: In a medium bowl and using an accurate gram scale, measure 5 grams of calcium chloride and dissolve it in 500 milliliters of water. In another bowl, gradually sprinkle 5 grams of sodium alginate into 500 milliliters of water or juice. Let the alginate hydrate for 2 minutes. Add 1.5 grams of sodium citrate. Blend thoroughly with an immersion blender and strain if needed. This is your batter.nTint the batter your desired color and flavor with your desired flavoring. Squirt the batter into the calcium chloride firming solution using a syringe, dragging to create intestines and dropping drips to create platelets. Lift out the pieces of batter with a strainer and rinse carefully with clean water. Set the pieces aside.nFor the edible glassware if making: Preheat the oven or a toaster oven to 275 degrees F.nMelt the isomalt in a 4cup heatsafe glass liquid measuring cup in the microwave on high for 3 minutes. Stir, then melt in 1minute increments until the isomalt is completely liquid. Hold in the heated oven or toaster oven for 10 minutes to release all the bubbles.nPour the isomalt into a food grade silicone glassware mold, then pour out any excess into the measuring cup. Let the mold cool completely. Unmold the glassware, then spray the inside with the food lacquer until completely covered. Drain upsidedown on a cooling rack to let any excess food lacquer drip out until completely dry. Repeat for as many edible glasses as you need to make.nFor the zombie drink: Put some intestines and platelets into each edible glass or regular glass. Pour 1 tablespoon grenadine syrup into each glass, then add enough mineral water to fill. If serving in the isomalt glasses, serve immediately, as the drink will slowly dissolve the glasses they wont last more than 20 minutes., ingredients: [Caviar spherification tool kit see Cooks Note, Favorite juice, such as cranberry, cherry or coconut nothing too acidic, optional, Gel, liquid or paste food coloring of choice, Liquid flavoring extract of choice, 2 cups clear, precooked isomalt see Cooks Note, Edible food lacquer see Cooks Note, Grenadine syrup, as needed, Mineral water, as needed], title: Zombie Drink in Edible Glassware, picturelink: cgYZO6ndH.DYZRdjNDcEHbYcbBA0ae}, 58919: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper set aside. Place the pistachios on a rimmed baking sheet and toast in the oven, shaking the baking sheet occasionally, until fragrant, about 10 minutes. Remove to a cutting board and allow to cool slightly. Roughly chop, then cool completely.nIn a mixer, beat together the butter, vanilla, salt, eggs and egg yolk. Add the flour, sugar and baking powder and mix on low until a rough dough begins to form. Add the pistachios and chocolate chips and continue to mix. If the dough seems dry, add some cold water a teaspoon at a time. If the dough is too wet, add a pinch of flour.nTurn the dough out onto a lightly floured cutting board and knead gently to make sure the chocolate chips and pistachios are evenly distributed. Divide the dough in half, and shape each into a 10by3inch log. Place onto one of the prepared baking sheets and bake until golden, about 30 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F. Let the biscotti rest until cool enough to handle, about 10 minutes.nSlice the logs into 34inch pieces, and arrange them on the baking sheets, cutside down. Bake until toasted and golden on top, about 25 minutes. Flip them over and continue to bake until dry and just barely golden brown, another 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool completely, about 15 minutes.nBiscotti will keep in an airtight container for 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 12 cups shelled pistachios, 12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 large eggs plus 1 large egg yolk, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 1 13 cups sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 14 cups chocolate chips], title: ChocolatePistachio Biscotti, picturelink: Gh6VuZN.71JqBIvEI8J4v6YZoO1LVO2}, 58920: {instructions: Add ice, Lillet, and orange juice to a cocktail shaker. Shake and strain into 2 glasses filled with ice. Top off each glass with 1ounce of soda water and garnish with an orange slice., ingredients: [Crushed ice, 4 ounces Lillet Blanc, 4 ounces freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 ounces orangeflavored soda water, 2 orange slices, for garnish], title: Lillet Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 58921: {instructions: In a shallow freezer proof container stir together the champagne and confectioners sugar. Place in freezer and stir mixture every 20 to 30 minutes scraping the sides into the middle so that mixture freezes evenly. Do not allow mixture to freeze solid. The granita should be soft and grainy. Scoop granita into serving glass or dish and garnish with mint sprigs. Serve immediately., ingredients: [15 ounces rose champagne, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Mint for garnish], title: Rose Champagne Granita, picturelink: null}, 58922: {instructions: Preheat 10inch Dutch oven on open fire. Meanwhile, soak chips in 12 cup of milk. This will be your bottom crust. Soak biscuits with remaining ingredients, add extra milk if needed for a wet consistency. Salt and pepper, to your taste. Remove oven from the fire, put chips in first then add the biscuit mixture. Return Dutch oven to the fire. Be careful when putting coals on top and bottom. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes or until slightly firm. Serve with cactus sauce.nPuree all ingredients together and refrigerate., ingredients: [2 cups broken blue tortilla chips, 1 12 cups milk, 5 cups day old biscuits, 18 eggs, 12 cup chopped red bell peppers, 2 12 cups Mexican white cheese, shredded, Cactus Sauce, recipe follows, 14 ounces diced chiles, 3 to 4 ripe avocados], title: Breakfast Casserole, picturelink: DnBsNqHvI7qTEdt3ANqGnqJVi694EO}, 58923: {instructions: With a citrus reamer or your thumb, push a little cavity into the center of the lime to make room for the tequila lime juice will squirt out. Pour tequila into the cavity then suck down tequila and lime juice all in one gulp., ingredients: [1 lime, halved, Goodquality tequila or mezcal], title: LimeTequila Shooters, picturelink: null}, 58924: {instructions: Melt the 12 cup butter in a pan over medium heat. Stir in the flour with a wooden spoon. Cooks Note: This is an important moment, as you have to slowly toast the flour without burning it. This will help you lose the flowery taste.nWarm up the milk and gradually ladle into the pot with the butterflour mixture, whisking constantly while bringing the mixture to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer for about 15 minutes. Season the sauce with freshly grated nutmeg, salt, and pepper., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 4 12 cups whole milk, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Besciamella, picturelink: null}, 58925: {instructions: In medium bowl, mix cream cheese, Gouda cheese and bacon bits until well blended. Stir in tomatoes. Cover refrigerate 45 to 60 minutes or until firm enough to shape into balls.nPlace pecans or parsley in small shallow bowl. Shape cheese mixture into 28 1inch balls, about 2 teaspoons cheese mixture for each ball. Roll in pecans to coat.nServe immediately, or cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve up to 24 hours.nTry More Retro Party Food Recipes:nThree Cheese FonduenShrimp with Courbon Cocktail SaucenClassic Guacamole, ingredients: [1 package 8 oz cream cheese, softened, 4 oz smoked Gouda cheese, shredded 1 cup, 13 cup cooked real bacon bits or pieces from a jar or package, 14 cup finely chopped drained sundried tomatoes in oil, 1 cup finely chopped pecans or 23 cup finely chopped parsley], title: Mini Smoked Gouda Cheese Balls, picturelink: SZXjKTbYO02kE3vhrT0K02qRRgFH9Dq}, 58926: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish. Crush the tomatoes into the dish and add 1 cup of the reserved juice. Sprinkle with the brown sugar, garlic, parsley, tarragon, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper and the red pepper flakes.nCut the white and light green parts of the scallions into 2to3inch pieces and add to the tomato mixture. Roughly chop about 1 cup of the scallion greens and add to the dish along with 14 cup water. Dot with 2 tablespoons butter, cover with foil and bake until the scallions are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Uncover, increase the oven temperature to 450 degrees F and bake until the sauce is thickened, about 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, plus more for the baking dish, 1 28ounce can whole San Marzano tomatoes, drained, juice reserved, 2 tablespoons packed dark brown sugar, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh tarragon, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Pinch of red pepper flakes, 6 bunches scallions], title: Stewed Scallions and Tomatoes, picturelink: UCK6MCK1Crghee3suQykSd2Re0tY.Cm}, 58927: {instructions: In a saucepan, place the oats and the water and simmer 15 minutes to soften slightly. Allow to cool to room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 8inch square cake pan.nIn a mixer fitted with a whip attachment, cream the butter until smooth. Add granulated sugar and mix until smooth and fluffy. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix just until combined. Add the cooked oats and mix just until combined.nIn another bowl, mix the flour, oat bran, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Working in 3 batches, add the dry ingredients to the butteroat mixture, alternating with the applesauce mixing just until combined after each addition. Pour into the prepared pan. Bake until a tester inserted into the center of the cake comes out dry and almost clean a few crumbs are fine, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool completely. Turn cake out onto a square serving platter. Place strips of paper under the cake around all the edges.nTo make the frosting, in a mixing bowl with a whip attachment cream the cream cheese on medium to high speed until light and fluffy. Turn the mixer to low and mix in the powdered sugar and honey. Frost the cake on the sides with a thin layer of frosting then use the remaining to cover the top and swirl it decoratively. Using your hands, press the toasted chopped nuts onto the side of the cake to coat it. Remove the paper strips before serving. Cut into 2inch square pieces.nNotes about the recipe: This is a delicious hearty and healthful cake. The texture added by the cooked steel cut oats makes you thing there are nuts inside. I made it to help me use up ends of jars of oat bran in the freezer and steel cut outs in the cereal drawer after the hot cereal breakfast season was over for the year., ingredients: [12 cup steelcut oats, 1 14 cups boiling water, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup oat bran, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup apple sauce, 1 pound cream cheese, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup honey, 12 to 34 cup chopped walnuts, toasted], title: Oatmeal Cake, picturelink: null}, 58928: {instructions: In a food processor, pulse garlic and ginger until finely chopped. Add chili paste, peanut butter, soy sauce, sugar, peanut oil, lime juice, and 4 tablespoons water puree until smooth. Set aside.nBring a large stockpot of salted water to a boil. Add noodles cook until al dente, following label directions. Drain in a colander rinse with cold water. In a large bowl, toss noodles with 1 cup peanut sauce. Set aside.nCut cucumbers into 36 34inch rounds scoop out the seeds with a melon baller, forming deep cups. Dab some peanut sauce on the bottom of a cucumber cup. Using a small cocktail fork, twirl a few noodles together, and place in cup. Garnish with chopped peanuts and scallions. Repeat with remaining cucumber cups., ingredients: [1 large clove garlic, 34inch piece ginger, peeled and halved, 3 teaspoons red chili paste, 12 cup bestquality smooth peanut butter, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 3 12 tablespoons sugar, 4 12 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 lime, juiced, 4 tablespoons water, 6 ounces vermicelli or capellini, 3 12 Japanese or 6 Kirby cucumbers, peeled, 14 cup roasted peanuts, finely chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Spicy Peanut Noodles in Cucumber Shells, picturelink: null}, 58929: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Use a boning knife to butterfly flank steak: Working across the grain, make a cut down the center, but only halfway through meat. At the top of that cut, make perpendicular cuts, one in each direction, this time with the grain. Again, cut only halfway into steak. Repeat perpendicular cuts at the other end of the center cut. Cuts should resemble the letter H. At the top of the original center cut, hold the knife parallel to the meat and insert knife. Slice toward you, making a pocket. This cut should almost reach the outer edge, halfway through the meats thickness. Repeat on other side. Open the flaps. Season meat liberally on both sides with salt and pepper, then place it cutside up, wide side facing you. Season with marjoram, cumin and garlic and cover it with a fairly even layer of parsleycilantro mix. Then arrange carrots, olives, and onions horizontally over the full width of the meat. Scatter a relatively even layer of watercress over all. Roll meat up from the bottom like a jellyroll grain of steak should run length of roll. Tie in 3 or 4 places with butchers twine. Heat olive oil in a Dutch oven or roasting pan large enough to accommodate rolled steak. Deeply brown it on all sides, about 15 minutes total, then transfer pan to oven and roast for about 30 minutes, until meat is cooked through. Transfer to a cutting board and let rest for 30 minutes before serving. Or, put meat in a clean baking dish, weight it with a plate with something heavy on it and chill overnight. Take matambre from refrigerator and slice it into 12inch to 1inch pieces about 1 hour before serving at room temperature., ingredients: [1 1 14 to 1 12pounds flank steak, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh marjoram or oregano, or 1 teaspoon dried, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 bunch or 12 bunch each fresh parsley and cilantro, leaves picked and chopped, 6 or 8 thin carrot sticks or 1 medium carrot, 1 cup pitted green olives, 1 medium red onion, sliced, 1 bunch watercress, trimmed, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Matambre: Stuffed Flank Steak, picturelink: null}, 58930: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPut the diced figs in a medium bowl and add the warm water. Let soak until softened.nWhisk the unbleached flour, cake flour, oats, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Set aside.nPut the maple syrup, milk, eggs, egg yolks, and canola oil in a medium bowl and stir with the whisk to combine. Add the mixture to the dry ingredients, stirring with a spoon just until all the flour is moistened. This should be a wet batter, because the oats absorb a lot of the liquid during baking.nFold the walnuts and figs into the batter the figs do not need to be drained. Divide the batter evenly between two oiled 9 by 5inch loaf pans. Bake for about 1 hour, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. If your oven bakes unevenly, rotate the pans from left to right and front to back about halfway through the baking time.nRemove the pans from the oven and use a pastry brush to glaze the tops of the loaves with maple syrup. Set them on a rack to cool for about 10 minutes. Turn the loaves out of the pans and set them on the rack to cool completely before serving. Wrap any leftovers tightly in plastic wrap and store at room temperature. They may also be frozen, wrapped first in aluminum foil and then in plastic wrap or a heavyduty freezer bag., ingredients: [1 34 cups 10 12 ounces dried figs, diced, 12 cup 4 ounces warm water 85 degrees to 90 degrees F, 2 23 cups 12 ounces unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 23 cups 6 12 ounces cake flour, 1 34 cups 5 14 ounces oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 13 cups 11 ounces maple syrup, 1 13 cups 11 ounces milk, 4 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 large egg yolks, 34 cup 6 ounces canola oil, 2 cups 8 ounces walnut pieces, toasted, Additional maple syrup for glazing], title: Maple Walnut and Fig Bread, picturelink: null}, 58931: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Slice roll through lengthwise. Layer ingredients evenly in the order shown above. Heat in oven until warmed through. Serve with warmed broth to dip sandwiches., ingredients: [1 Coco bread roll, 3 slices Boars Head Jerk Turkeyu2122 Breast, 1 slice Boars Head 3 Pepper Colby Jacku2122 cheese, 13 cup Hungarian peppers, sliced, 12 cup Beef broth], title: Coco Bread Sandwich, picturelink: f22zHce6ZQhKrG49RbuhzGhBboxItu}, 58932: {instructions: Special equipment: 4 bamboo sticksnLine a baking sheet or dish with parchment paper. Stir the gelatin into 13 cup water.nPlace the granulated sugar, 13 cup water and corn syrup in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, stirring, and cook until the sugar dissolves and the temperature reaches 240 degrees F. Carefully pour the sugar mixture into the gelatin mixture, stirring constantly. Let sit for 5 minutes.nUsing an electric mixer, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. With the mixer on mediumlow speed, pour the sugargelatin mixture into the egg whites in a slow, steady stream. Continue whipping until stiff peaks form. Pour the mixture into 8by8inch baking sheet or dish and refrigerate until stiffened, about 3 hours.nTurn the marshmallow out onto a surface sprinkled with powdered sugar peel off the parchment. Cut into 4 cubes and insert a bamboo stick into each. Serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons light corn syrup, 2 egg whites, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, Powdered sugar, as needed], title: Homemade Marshmallows, picturelink: null}, 58933: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease an 11 by 7inch baking dish.nPut the cubed bread on a large cookie sheet and bake it until lightly toasted, about 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the bread from the oven and set aside.nIn a large bowl, whisk together 3 cups of the milk and the 4 eggs until well incorporated. Add the toasted bread.nIn a mediumsized saucepan, over medium heat, heat the remaining 1 cup of milk, sugar, vanilla and peanut butter until the peanut butter melts and the mixture is smooth. Combine the peanut butter mixture with the bread mixture and stir well until evenly distributed. Put the bread pudding into the baking dish and sprinkle with 34 cup of the crushed peanuts. Let sit for 1 hour.nPut in the oven and bake until dry and toasty, about 20 minutes. Remove the pudding from the oven and let cool. Brush with the grape jelly and garnish with a sprinkle of the remaining peanuts. Cut into squares and arrange on small dessert plates., ingredients: [12 loaf cubed dayold challah bread, 4 cups milk, divided, 4 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup peanut butter, 1 cup crushed roasted, salted peanuts, divided, 34 cup grape jelly, melted, for topping], title: Warm Peanut Butter and Jelly Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 58934: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a sheet tray with foil.nAdd the asparagus in a single row to the prepared sheet tray. Drizzle with the olive oil, toss, and then season with some salt and pepper. Roast until tender, 15 minutes.nServe on a bed of spring mix and drizzle with the Creamy Herb Vinaigrette.nAdd the mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, tarragon and shallots to a bowl and whisk until smooth and emulsified., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, ends trimmed about 1 pound 4 ounces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Spring mix lettuce, for serving, Creamy Herb Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, 12 small shallot, minced], title: Asparagus with Creamy Tarragon Vinaigrette, picturelink: HBnVzxouaZ6Dt.j2cpcmXLkTkWP0qw6}, 58935: {instructions: Using a melon baller or small ice cream scoop, spoon out balls from the tray of tiramisu to create the bon bons. Freeze the bon bons on a cookie sheet for at least 1 hour or overnight.nMelt the bittersweet chocolate in a double boiler until smooth and glossy. Dip frozen tiramisu bon bons in melted chocolate until covered on all sides. Place the bon bons on a cookie sheet covered in parchment or waxed paper and return them to the freezer. Take bon bons out of freezer and let them thaw for about 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 tray storebought tiramisu, 12 pound bittersweet chocolate cut into small pieces, or bittersweet chocolate chips], title: Tiramisu Bon Bons, picturelink: BaQ2a6mugQGTdNOWXDntE9R8SQUFqR.}, 58936: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring sugar and water up to a light simmer and cook until all of the sugar is dissolved. Add ginger and steep for 30 minutes. Pour gingersimple syrup into blender and puree. Strain out pulp and store in a tightly sealed jar or bottle. Will keep for several weeks in the refrigerator.nPour some bar sugar onto small plate and grate a pinch of nutmeg on top, mix well.nAdd tequila, lime juice, 5 ounces gingersimple syrup and ice to cocktail shaker and give it a good shake. Run lime wedge around rim of glass and dip in sugarnutmeg mixture, add ice and pour in contents of shaker, grate a little nutmeg on top and serve with a wedge of lime., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 12 cups water, 1 large hand ginger, peeled and cut into 12inch coinschunks, Bar sugar, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 ounces good quality tequila or reposado recommended: Cabo Wabo, 1 lime, juiced, plus lime wedges for garnish], title: Ginger Margarita, picturelink: o.dCcQYU7j0Lmxb4vEoHQLlLsITnRVe}, 58937: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the soup and Worcestershire in a 2quart saucepan over mediumhigh heat to a boil. Add the beef and heat through, stirring occasionally. Divide the beef evenly among the rolls. Top the beef with the cheese slices and place the sandwiches onto a baking sheet. Bake for 3 minutes or until the sandwiches are toasted and the cheese is melted. Spoon the soup mixture onto the sandwiches. Top each sandwich with 1 tablespoon pepper rings., ingredients: [1 can 10 12 ounces Campbellsu00ae Condensed French Onion Soup, 1 tablespoon reduced sodium Worcestershire sauce, 34 pound thinly sliced deli roast beef, 4 Pepperidge Farmu00ae Deli Classic Soft Hoagie Rolls, 4 slices deli provolone cheese cut in half, 14 cup drained hot or mild pickled banana pepper rings], title: Dripping Roast Beef Sandwiches with Melted Provolone, picturelink: fPp1sTyiWsMMWh9plo5CcRl1fQIsfOq}, 58938: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a soup pot over high heat. Add the onions, celery, carrots, garlic, tomatoes and cauliflower and cook until all the vegetables are soft, about 5 minutes.nAdd the crushed tomatoes, dried basil and water and then bring to a boil. Let the mixture simmer for 5 minutes.nNext, add the heavy cream, salt, pepper, and a pinch of sugar. Bring to a boil again, and let simmer for another 5 minutes. Adjust seasonings with salt and pepper, as needed. The soup is now ready to serve. Enjoy, ingredients: [2 tablespoons light olive oil, 2 onions, diced, 3 stalks celery, diced, 2 carrots, diced, 5 garlic cloves, whole, 10 tomatoes, whole, 12 head cauliflower, diced, 1 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 2 cups water, 1 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pinch sugar], title: Roasted Tomato Soup Recipe, picturelink: null}, 58939: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine the tomatoes and basil. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside while you saute the shrimp.nPut the shrimp in a pie pan and pat them completely dry with a paper towel. Arrange the shrimp so they lay flat and are evenly spaced in the pan.nHeat a medium skillet over medium heat. Season one side of the shrimp with salt and pepper add the oil to the pan and turn the heat to high. Invert the pie pan over the skillet so the shrimp fall into the pan all at once.nSaute the shrimp, undisturbed, until they turn golden brown on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic to the pan. Turn the shrimp over with tongs. Turn the heat off and cook the shrimp for 1 minute in the residual heat of the pan. Shake the pan to combine the shrimp with the garlic and then transfer them to the bowl with the tomato mixture. Toss to combine. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup quartered vineripened grape or cherry tomatoes, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces mediumlarge shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 small clove garlic, minced], title: Shrimp with Tomatoes, Basil, and Garlic, picturelink: null}, 58940: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nUnfold puff pastry and cut into 3 equal pieces along the fold. Roll each sheet out slightly. Using a 2 12inch cutter, cut 4 rounds out of each strip, giving you 12 rounds total. Using a 1 12inch cutter, press into each round, making a solid indentation without cutting completely through the pastry.nPlace rounds on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and top with a baking rack. This will keep the rounds uniform and even as they puff up during baking. Bake until rounds are golden, about 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly, about 5 minutes.nUsing the tip of a spoon, carefully remove the inner circle of the puff pastry creating a nest. Fill each nest with 1 teaspoon of the bacon bits and top with 2 teaspoons of the mascarpone. Garnish with grape halves and a sprinkle of parsley. Serve on individual plates or a serving platter., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 14 cup storebought crumbled bacon bits, 12 cup mascarpone, 12 cup halved seedless grapes, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Mascarpone and Grape Puff Pastry Bites, picturelink: null}, 58941: {instructions: Peel and dice potatoes and in a bowl combine with water. Discard dark green tops of leeks and chop remaining leeks. In another bowl soak leeks in water to cover, agitating occasionally to dislodge any sand, 5 minutes. Lift leeks out of water and drain in a colander.nIn a heavy kettle cook leeks and onion in butter over low heat, stirring occasionally, until leeks are softened. Add potatoes with water and salt and simmer, covered, 40 minutes, or until potatoes are very soft. Add milk and halfandhalf or cream and bring just to a boil, stirring.nIn a blender puree soup with 12 cup chilies in batches until smooth, straining as pureed through a very fine sieve into a large bowl, and stir in sour cream and lime juice. Chill soup, covered, until very cold and up to 1 day.nCut remaining chilies into small dice. Serve soup garnished with lime slices and diced chilies.nTO ROAST PEPPERS: Using a longhandled fork, char peppers over an open flame or on a rack set over an electric burner, turning, until skins are blackened, 4 to 6 minutes. Alternatively, broil peppers on rack of a broiler pan under preheated broiler about 2 inches from heat, turning every 5 minutes, 15 to 20 minutes, or until skins are blistered and charred. Transfer peppers to a bowl and let stand, covered, until cool enough to handle. Keeping peppers whole, peel them, starting at blossom end. Cut off tops and discard seeds and ribs. Wear rubber gloves when handling chilies., ingredients: [1 pound russet baking potatoes about 2, 5 cups water, 4 medium leeks, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 cups milk, 2 cups halfandhalf or light cream, 34 pound poblano chili peppers about 4 large, roasted procedure follows, 1 cup sour cream, 14 cup fresh lime juice, or to taste, Garnish: Halved lime slices], title: Poblano Vichyssoise with Lime, picturelink: null}, 58942: {instructions: Bring salted water to a boil, add shells and cook for 10 minutes or al dente. Meanwhile, cook onion and peppers in oil, covered for 10 minutes or until tender. Add garlic, tomatoes, juice and thyme and simmer, uncovered for 5 minutes. Add zucchini and squash, cover and simmer another 5 minutes. Add seafood of choice and simmer, uncovered for 5 minutes or until cooked through. Season to taste with salt and pepper spoon over cooked pasta., ingredients: [12 ounces medium shells, 14 cup olive oil, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 red and 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 clove garlic minced, 2 cups canned plum tomatoes, chopped, 12 cup tomato juice, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 small zucchini, cut into 14 inch dice, 1 small yellow squash, cut into 14 inch dice, 1 pound seafood like scallops, diced monkfish or peeled diced shrimp, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Seafood Stew for Pasta, picturelink: null}, 58943: {instructions: Pound out flank steak with meat mallet until 14inch thick and roll up. Mix remaining ingredients and pour over steak in nonreactive dish. Refrigerate and let marinate for 8 hours. While beef is marinating mix all ingredients in filling except for tomatoes. Remove beef from marinade and shake off any excess liquid. Lay beef out flat and place 2 tablespoons of filling in the center of each piece. Roll each piece of beef tightly and secure with skewer. Heat large roasting pan on stove and put in 2 tablespoons of olive oil brown beef on all side and pour off excess fat. Pour the marinade over the beef and add chopped tomatoes. Simmer for 25 minutes making sure to turn beef if necessary. Remove from pan and cover with 2 tablespoons of sauce., ingredients: [6 4ounce slices of flank steak, 4 ounces olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 cup red wine, 2 sliced shallots, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons black pepper, 1 minced Hungarian hot pepper, 12 cup minced ham, 2 scallions chopped, 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 chopped red pepper, 14 teaspoon allspice, 1cup bread crumbs, 1 egg, 12 peeled seeded and diced tomatoes], title: Spicy Beef Wrap, picturelink: null}, 58944: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo make the spice rub: In a large dry skillet, toast the chiles, fennel seeds, coriander seeds and peppercorns over mediumhigh heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add to a spice grinder and run until you have a fine powder. In a large mixing bowl combine the spices with the remaining rub ingredients. Makes about 2 cups.nRub the brisket all over with the spice rub mix. Wrap tightly in plastic and marinate overnight in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nLine a large roasting pan with foil and set over high heat. Put the soaked chips on top, then put the pan directly over the burner to get the chips to start smoking, about 10 minutes. Place a Vrack over the top of the chips and put the marinated brisket on the rack. Cover the entire top of the roaster with foil, crimping the edges to form a nice seal, you may have to use 2 strips foil to cover everything. Reduce heat to medium and smoke the brisket for 15 minutes.nWhile the brisket is smoking, prepare the anchos, onion, garlic and tomatoes. Remove brisket from the roasting pan with the rack. Remove the chips with the foil and discard in sink pour water on top of chips to stop the smoking. Put the reserved chiles and vegetables on the bottom of the pan, then put the rack with the smoked brisket in the roasting pan so it sits above the aromatics. Put in the middle of the oven and roast until brisket is tender, about 4 to 4 12 hoursnRemove brisket from oven and set aside to rest. Add the pan drippings and the vegetables from the bottom of the pan to a blender and puree. Stir in the red wine vinegar and transfer the sauce to a serving dish. Slice the brisket across the grain, arrange on a serving platter and serve with sauce., ingredients: [2 dried Anaheim chiles, 1 ancho chile, 2 dried chipotle chiles, 2 tablespoons fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, 4 to 6 black peppercorns, 12 to 34 cup smoked paprika, 14 cup garlic powder, 14 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 5 pound flat end piece brisket thinner end, not the point piece which is the fat end of the brisket, 6 cups applewood smoking chips, soaked in water, 3 ancho chiles, stems removed, 2 large white onions, thickly sliced, 5 cloves garlic, 1 28ounce can tomatoes recommended: San Marzano, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar], title: Northern California Smoked Brisket, picturelink: Hi6c1XIT6NZ2w6u0JESx0BlkR8t0JG}, 58945: {instructions: In a large bowl combine all ingredients together. Mix well knead it by hand, if necessary. Take off piece of mixture 1ounce. Roll around with hand. With a dough roller or a tortilla press, smooth mixture to 18inch thick. On a grill or skillet at 300 degrees F, cook for 30 seconds on each side. Repeat with remaining dough. Then put in a tortilla warmer., ingredients: [3 12 pounds allpurpose flour, 12 pound lard, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup vegetable oil, 8 ounces roasted red chile pepper, chopped, 1 pinch ground cumin], title: Red Chile Tortilla, picturelink: null}, 58946: {instructions: Pour ingredients into a cocktail shaker. Shake vigorously for five seconds. Strain into a highball glass over fresh ice. Garnish with an orange and cherry flag.nFor the mix: Stir ingredients together until sugar is fully dissolved., ingredients: [1 12 oz Makers Mark Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whisky, 3 12 oz. fresh Sweet and Sour Mix, 3 12 oz. freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 quart water, 1 quart fresh lime juice lemon juice can be substituted to taste, 1 12 cup sugar, 12 egg white optional, gives a great frothiness to any shaken drink], title: AllAmerican Whiskey Sour, picturelink: null}, 58947: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the flour on a worktable. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the olive oil, wine and water. Combine the ingredients and knead until the mixture becomes an even dough. If necessary, add a little more water and continue kneading.nCut off a small amount of dough and roll into a 12inch thick log. Cut the log into 5inch long pieces. Then form a doughnutlike shape by pinching the opposite ends together. Repeat the above process with the remaining dough.nPlace the taralli in a pot of boiling water for about 1 minute or until they float to the surface.nStir to prevent them from sticking together. Remove the taralli from the water with a slotted spoon and dry off any excess water with a dishcloth.nLine a baking tray with parchment paper and bake for approximately 10 minutes or until golden brown on one side. Turn the taralli over to cook the other side. Serve with wine., ingredients: [1 12 pounds700 g allpurpose flour, 1 cup250 ml extravirgin olive oil, Splash red wine, 1 cup250 ml lukewarm water, or as much as you need], title: Taralli, picturelink: null}, 58948: {instructions: Add the sweet potatoes to a large pot of cold salted water. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook the potatoes until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain the potatoes and cool in a colander. Transfer to a large serving bowl.nIn a separate bowl, add the pickled onions, yogurt, cilantro, lime juice, curry powder, lime zest and some salt and pepper, and whisk to combine. Pour the dressing over the potatoes and thoroughly mix. Serve immediately or refrigerate for 1 hour for the flavors to meld., ingredients: [2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed, Salt, 12 cup pickled red onions, chopped, 12 cup Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon lime zest, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato Salad, picturelink: khHa5s4gJJs5bDDPjrKIKwIrIgEZf6}, 58949: {instructions: Place curd in a mixing bowl. Pour boiling water over the curd, just covering it. With heat proof rubber gloves, kneed the curd together until one smooth mass is formed. Remove from the water and place in a mixing bowl. Add the herbs and pepper and kneed together. Lay the mozzarella mix on a bench and roll out with rolling pin until it is about 14inch thick. Spread a thin layer of pesto over all of the mozzarella and arrange the proscuitto evenly on top of the pesto. Tightly roll the mozzarella and cut off the ends. Wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate for two hours. Remove roulade from refrigerator, unwrap and slice to desired thickness. Place mesclun mix in center of a rather large plate. Slice red and golden tomato. Arrange mozzarella slices with tomatoes alternating mozzarella with different color tomato. Lightly drizzle vinaigrette on top and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds Mozzarella curd, 14cup fresh basil chopped medium fine, 14cup fresh parsley chopped medium fine, Large sauce pot of boiling salted water, Ice bath, 2 cups sun dried tomato pesto, 14 pound Proscuitto di Parma, juilenne, Fresh milled black pepper to taste, Mesclun mix as needed, Vine ripened red tomato, Golden tomato, Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing], title: Mozzarella Roulade, picturelink: null}, 58950: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the infused pisco: Add the orange strips, mint sprigs and chai tea sachets to the pisco bottle. Allow this to sit for at least 24 hours. The longer the tea sits, the stronger it will get. Carefully remove the tea bags.nFor the pina pisco: Add some ice to a cocktail shaker. Squeeze the orange wedges over the ice. Reserve the wedges. Add a shot of infused pisco and the pineapple juice. Shake for about 30 seconds.nMoisten the edge of the cocktail glass with a reserved orange wedge. Dip into the seasoned salt. Pour the cocktail shaker contents into the prepared glass. Top off with some seltzer water. Garnish with pineapple balls to help keep the drink cold., ingredients: [4 strips orange zest, 2 sprigs fresh mint, 2 chai tea sachets, 1 bottle pisco, Ice, 2 orange wedges, Splash pineapple juice, Seasoned salt, for the rim of the glass salt, sugar and crushed pink peppercorns, Seltzer water, to top off, Frozen pineapple balls, for garnish], title: Pina Pisco, picturelink: b6O92Dt0QFmSCkaj4LeeKQyvMVH7wm}, 58951: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy medium skillet over medium heat. Add the pancetta and saute until crisp and golden, about 5 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the pancetta to a paper towellined plate to drain the excess oil.nStir the buttermilk, sour cream, and garlic in a medium bowl to blend mix 23 of the cheese. Season the dressing with salt and pepper, to taste.nThe dressing can be made up to 2 days ahead. Cover and refrigerate. Stir to blend before using, adding more milk to thin the sauce, if necessary.nArrange each of 6 lettuce wedges on 6 plates. Spoon the dressing over the lettuce. Sprinkle with the pancetta and remaining cheese and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 ounces pancetta, cut into 14inch pieces, 23 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sour cream, 1 large garlic cloves or 2 small, minced, 6 ounces crumbled Gorgonzola, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 6 wedges], title: Iceberg Wedges with Pancetta Gorgonzola Dressing, picturelink: zMBlMMIJ1wJb4xn1RuLelyMWYpLNM2y}, 58952: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crust:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nAdd all the ingredients for the crust to a food processor and pulse until combined it should feel like wet sand, and just come together.nSpread the mixture evenly into a 9inch pie pan, using your finger tips or the flat bottom of a glass. Firmly press the mixture over the bottom and sides of the pan.nPut the pan on the middle rack of the oven and bake until the crust is light brown and firm to the touch, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nFor the filling:nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nWhisk together the eggs, yolks and sugars in a large bowl. Add the butter, pumpkin, cream, spices, salt and vanilla seeds and whisk to combine. Strain the mixture into a bowl.nPour the strained mixture into the baked pie crust and bake until almost set, about 1 12 hours. Remove and let come to room temperature. Refrigerate until chilled, if preferred.nCooks Note: The filling makes more than what is needed to fill the pie shell. You are able to freeze the excess. We made a double batch and it filled 3 pie shells very comfortably.nFor the whipped cream:nCombine the cream, vanilla seeds, syrup and bourbon in a large chilled bowl and whip until soft peaks form.nGarnish each piece of pie with a dollop of the whipped cream before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups finely ground graham cracker crumbs, 6 tablespoons butter, melted and slightly warm, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 whole eggs, 2 egg yolks, 14 dark brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons melted unsalted butter, 1 12 cups pumpkin puree, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 14 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 vanilla bean, split, seeds scraped and reserved, BourbonMaple Whipped Cream, 1 14 cups very cold heavy cream, 2 tablespoons Grade B maple syrup, 1 to 2 tablespoons bourbon to your taste], title: Throwdown Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 58953: {instructions: Bring a large skillet sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove.nRemove the ends of the eggplant. Cut three 34inchwide eggplant slices. Pat dry, if needed. Save the rest for another use.nPlace the eggplant slices and patties in the skillet and cook for 3 to 5 minutes flip, and cook for an additional 3 to 5 minutes, until fully cooked.nMeanwhile, to make the sauce, combine tomatoes with Italian seasoning in a microwavesafe bowl. Cover and microwave for about 30 seconds, until hot. Mix well. If you like, add additional Italian seasoning, to taste.nPlate one eggplant slice and top with a spoonful of sauce evenly top with a burger patty. Alternate layering the remaining eggplant slices and burger patty, adding a spoonful of sauce in between each layer. Cover your tower with all of the remaining sauce. Garnish with basil.nGrab a fork and knife and dig in, ingredients: [2 frozen meatless hamburgerstyle patties with about 100 calories each, 1 eggplant, about the width of the patties, 12 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 14 teaspoon Italian seasoning, Chopped fresh basil, for garnish], title: Saucy Eggplant Patty Tower, picturelink: U6cLA41buFe6BmtwuxJk5rEhPgz1aW}, 58954: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBrush some oil on the bread slices and arrange them on a sheet pan. Bake until golden brown, about 8 minutes. Remove the bread from the oven and set aside.nMelt 1 12 tablespoons of butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Whisk in the flour and cook, whisking, for 1 minute. Pour in 34 cup of the beer and simmer, whisking constantly, for 1 minute. Remove the saucepan from heat and add the cheeses, whisking until smooth.nIn a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the remaining butter and add the fennel, leeks and chives. Saute until tender, and then stir in the remaining beer. Cook, stirring over medium heat, until all the onions are caramelized and the beer is mostly cooked off, about 15 to 20 minutes.nSpread the cheese fondue on the toasted bread. Put some of the fennel and leek mixture on top and arrange them on a serving platter. Sprinkle with fresh chives and serve., ingredients: [Olive oil, for brushing bread, 16 12inch thick slices baguette, from 1 baguette, 3 12 tablespoons salted butter, divided, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 12ounce bottle beer recommended: Miller Genuine Draft 64, 6 ounces sharp English Cheddar, grated, 3 ounces mild Brie cheese, rind discarded, 1 fennel bulb, sliced, 1 medium leek, sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, plus more for garnish], title: Fennel and Leek Bruschetta with Cheese and Beer Fondue, picturelink: hhv43FWXkIn2dexO2ZHXG0nPrsiomaa}, 58955: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly grease 4 individual baking dishes with butter oven proof ramekins or cocotte dishes work well. Peel beets and cut into pieces so they can fit comfortably in a food processor. Process with blade attachment until finely chopped.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and spices. In a separate bowl, mix molasses, applesauce, eggs, buttermilk, and sugar together. Now mix wet ingredients with dry ingredients, add a pinch of salt, and then fold in the processed beets.nSet ramekins out on a sheet tray. Divide batter amongst ramekins and bake in the oven for 20 to25 minutes until they have puffed up and a cake tester inserted in the center comes out clean.nServe with Sweet Greek Yogurt and top with Beet Garnish and powdered sugar.nCombine yogurt and honey in a mixing bowl. Stir with a wooden spoon so they are just combined. Serve with warm beet cake.nYield: 4 servingsnPreheat oven to 150 degrees F.nShave the beet into thin slices using a mandoline or sharp knife. Line a roasting dish with parchment and set the beets out in a single layer on the tray. Top with powdered sugar. Cover with another sheet of parchment, carefully pressing out any air bubbles. Top with another tray to add weight and bake on a low temperature to dehydrate the beet slices without overcooking them. Bake for 2 to 3 hours, until dry and crispy. Use as a garnish on top of the beet cakes.nYield: 4 servings, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, to grease baking pans, 3 to 4 medium beets, to make 1 14 cups finely chopped, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 1 cup applesauce, 2 large eggs, 1 cup buttermilk, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 13 cup vegetable oil, Sweet Greek Yogurt, recipe follows, Beet Garnish, recipe follows, 2 cups unsweetened Greek yogurt, 14 cup honey, 1 small beet, 14 cup powdered sugar], title: Beet Cakes with Sweet Greek Yogurt, picturelink: nV5XbGP.nt0tkW9vf66l8SfdU8g89i}, 58956: {instructions: Roast the peppers on a grill or in a broiler until the skin is charred and blistered. Rub off the charred skins with a clean towel and seed. Puree the peppers and garlic in a food processor or blender. Add the egg yolks and continue working. Gradually add the oil to the mixture in a thin steady stream until incorporated. Add the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 red bell peppers, roasted, peeled, and seeded, 5 garlic cloves, whole, 6 egg yolks, 1 cup olive oil, Juice of one lemon, Salt and pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 14 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped herbs, basil, parsley, sage, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Lemon Red Pepper Aioli, picturelink: null}, 58957: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high. Toss wings in a few tablespoons of oil and season with salt and pepper. Place on the grill in single layers and grill until golden brown on both sides and just cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes per side.nWhisk together the vinegar, Dijon mustard, chipotle puree, honey, and oil in a medium bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nMelt butter in a large skillet or a large pot on the grates of the grill. Add the hot sauce mixture and bring to a boil. Whisk in the ancho chile powder and season with salt, to taste. Add the wings and cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with Blue CheeseYogurt Dip.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [46 chicken wings, Vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Chipotle Hot Sauce, recipe follows, Blue CheeseYogurt Dip, recipe follows, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 to 3 tablespoons chipotle pepper puree depending on how spicy you like it, 3 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 stick unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, 1 pint thick Greek yogurt, 34 cup crumbled domestic blue cheese, 2 tablespoons finely chopped red onion, 3 tablespoons finely sliced scallions, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Grilled Chicken Wings with Spicy Chipotle Hot Sauce and Blue CheeseYogurt Dipping Sauce, picturelink: GCbLFqCOxBqUX8bebQYWtISdoInjYC}, 58958: {instructions: Add the chopped bacon to a large saucepot and cook until very crisp and browned. Remove the bacon from pan. Add the chopped onion saute until very caramelized. Remove the onions from the pan and, in batches, brown the beef. Remove from the pan and use strainer to drain off as much of the fat as you can. Once drained, add all the cooked ingredients back to the pot and add enough of the jerk BBQ Sauce to almost cover. Simmer over low heat for 1 12 hours, you may need to add more BBQ to get it to the sloppy stage. Serve on your favorite rolls or bread with Cheddar or Swiss cheese. This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nFor the jerk BBQ sauce: Combine 12 the Jerk Base recipe with the storebought BBQ sauce and honey in a large bowl and stir to blend.nFor the jerk base: Combine the yellow onions, green onions, jalapeno pepper, white sugar, brown sugar, cayenne, allspice, thyme, pepper, sage, nutmeg, cinnamon, vinegar, orange juice, soy sauce, rum, oil and lime juice and simmer for 1 12 hours. When onions are very tender remove from heat and allow to cool to room temperature. In batches, use blender to puree until smooth., ingredients: [12 pound bacon, coarsely chopped, 2 large sweet onions, chopped, 2 pounds course ground beef, Jerk BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, Your favorite rolls or bread, for serving, Cheddar andor Swiss cheese, for serving, 12 Jerk Base recipe, recipe follows, 4 cups vinegarbased, storebought BBQ Sauce, 2 cups orange blossom honey any honey will work, 4 large yellow onions, roughly chopped, 2 bunches green onion, roots removed and chopped, 4 jalapeno or habanero pepper, chopped, 12 cup white sugar, 5 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 6 teaspoons ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons ground allspice, 2 tablespoons ground thyme, 2 tablespoons ground black pepper, 2 12 teaspoons ground sage, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cups white vinegar, 2 cups freshsqueezed orange juice, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 1 cup dark rum recommended: Myers, 1 cup olive oil, 13 cup freshsqueezed lime juice], title: Sloppy Jerk, picturelink: null}, 58959: {instructions: Combine the seasoning mix ingredients in a small bowl.nIn a 12inch skillet over high heat, combine the butter with 2 tablespoons of the oil. As soon as the butter melts, add the onions, all the chile peppers, and 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons of the seasoning mix. Stir well, then cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables begin to brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool to room temperature. The mixture should be a golden tan color, the onions a medium tan brown, and the peppers dark red and dark green. The vegetables retain a slight crunch.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nWhile the vegetables are cooling, make the cornbread batter. Combine the corn flour, allpurpose flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder, and the remaining seasoning mix in a large bowl. Add the egg, milk, melted butter, 12 cup each of the grated Cheddar and Monterey Jack, and the vegetable mixture. Mix until just combined.nPour the remaining 2 tablespoons oil into a 12inch castiron skillet. Make sure that the oil covers the entire bottom of the skillet lift and roll the skillet if necessary. Heat the oil just until it begins to smoke, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add the batter to the skillet, the mixture will begin to sizzle right away. Remove the skillet immediately and sprinkle the top of the batter evenly with the remaining 12 cup each Cheddar and Monterey Jack.nBake until a knife inserted into the middle of the cornbread comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand for 10 minutes before cutting., ingredients: [2 14 teaspoons salt, 1 14 teaspoons ground dried New Mexico chile peppers, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon ground dried chipotle chile peppers, 34 teaspoon ground cumin, 34 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons cottonseed oil, preferable, or vegetable oil, in all, 1 12 cups chopped red onions, 12 cup fresh poblano chile peppers, seeded and chopped, 12 cup fresh Anaheim chile peppers, seeded and chopped, 12 cup fresh red preferably, or use green jalapeno chile peppers, seeded and chopped, 34 cup corn flour, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup cornmeal, 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 12 cups milk, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled to room temperature, 1 cup Cheddar, freshly grated, 1 cup Monterey Jack, freshly grated], title: Cheesy Jalapeno Skillet Corn Bread, picturelink: null}, 58960: {instructions: Heat the butter in a 4quart saucepan over medium heat. Stir the celery and onions in the saucepan and cook until theyre tender.nStir the broth in the saucepan and heat to a boil. Remove the saucepan from the heat. Add the stuffing, cranberries and pecans and mix lightly.nRemove the package of giblets and neck from the turkey cavity. Rinse the turkey with cold water and pat it dry. Spoon the stuffing lightly into the neck and body cavities. Fold the loose skin over the stuffing. Tie the ends of the drumsticks together. Place the turkey, breast side up in a shallow roasting pan. Brush with oil. Insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the meat, not touching bone.nRoast the turkey at 325 degrees F for 5 hours or until the thermometer reads 180 degrees F and the drumstick moves easily, basting occasionally with the pan drippings. Begin checking for doneness after 4 12 hours of roasting time. Allow the turkey to stand for 10 minutes before slicing. Bake any remaining stuffing in a covered casserole along with the turkey for 30 minutes or until its hot., ingredients: [12 cup butter 1 stick, 4 stalks celery, chopped about 2 cups, 2 large onions, chopped about 2 cups, 6 cups Swansonu00ae Chicken Broth Regular, Natural Goodnessu00bf or Certified Organic, 2 packages 16 ounces each Pepperidge Farmu00ae Herb Seasoned Stuffing, 1 cups cranberries, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1 20 pound turkey, Vegetable oil], title: Holiday Turkey with Cranberry Pecan Stuffing, picturelink: 2fZiy8V52CdWRHAEPWEZ5i52PNXhz.}, 58961: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Combine the flour, sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl. Add butter and mix with your fingertips to a coarse meal. Add buttermilk and mix just until combined. Add currants, if desired.nTransfer dough to a floured board and divide into 2 parts. Roll each to 34 inch thick rounds. Cut each round into 8 wedges and place slightly separated on a greased baking sheet. Brush the tops with the cream, and bake for 15 minutes, or until lightly browned. Serve warm, split in half with butter and marmalade., ingredients: [3 cups flour, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup currants optional, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, for brushing], title: Buttermilk Scones, picturelink: null}, 58962: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place the bread cubes on a large baking sheet in a single layer and toast until lightly golden brown on all sides, turning a few times, about 15 minutes. Remove and let cool slightly.nBring cream, 1 cup of sugar, and lemon zest, to a simmer over medium heat. Whisk together the eggs and yolks in a medium bowl. Slowly whisk the warm milk into the eggs and add the vanilla.nTransfer the bread cubes to a 9 by 15inch baking dish, pour the custard mixture over and press on the bread to submerge in the custard. Let the mixture sit at room temperature for 30 minutes to allow the bread to absorb more of the custard.nPlace the baking dish inside a larger roasting pan and fill the outer pan with warm water halfway up the sides of the baking dish. Bake until puffed around the outside but still slightly jiggly in the center, about 45 minutes. Remove from the water bath and let rest at least 15 minutes before serving. Toss the remaining 14 cup sugar with the blackberries. Serve bread pudding topped with macerated berries and Meyer Lemon Whipped Cream.nCombine the heavy cream, sugar, juice, zest and vanilla extract in a large bowl and whip with a balloon whisk until soft peaks form., ingredients: [16 ounces brioche weighed after crust removed about 1 large loaf, cut into 1 12 inch cubes, 3 34 cups heavy cream, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, Zest of 1 Meyer lemon, 6 large eggs, 2 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 pints fresh blackberries, 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon juice, Meyer Lemon Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon Meyer lemon juice, Zest of 1 Meyer lemon, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Meyer Lemon and Blackberry Bread Pudding with Meyer Lemon Whipped Cream, picturelink: null}, 58963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the mango, tequila, lime juice, orange liqueur, sugar and water in a blender and blend until smooth.nPer Serving: Calories 180 Total Fat 0 g Sat Fat 0 g, Mono Fat 0 g, Poly Fat 0 g  Protein 0.5g Carb 21 g Fiber 1.5g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 0.5mg, ingredients: [One 10ounce bag frozen diced mango, 23 cup tequila preferably silver, 80 proof, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, such as Cointreau, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar, 2 cups ice water], title: Frozen Mango Margarita, picturelink: gHffoO3MVOm6HjCQROzUKWi7dp.vtEG}, 58964: {instructions: Steam green beans for 7 minutes. Meanwhile toast pine nuts in pan, until lightly golden, Add green beans and 2 tablespoons butter to pan and cook until just warm. Season with salt, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound greens beans, ends trimmed, 3 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 tablespoons butter, Salt, to taste], title: Steamed Green Beans with Pine Nuts, picturelink: null}, 58965: {instructions: Place butter into a mixing bowl, season with salt and pepper and stir until blended and soft. Take a 12inch piece of plastic wrap and lay it on the counter. Spoon the butter out onto the center of the plastic wrap and place the chives in the center on top of the butter. Pull the edge over the butter mixture, and tightly pinch the ends, then holding the plastic wrap tightly at each end, pull the mixture towards you. This should create a tight sausage shape. or imagine rolling a sushi roll Chives will be in the center surrounded by butter. Tie a knot on both ends of the butter roll and place into the freezer until you are ready to place it on top of your cooked filet.nSeason the filets with a little salt and pepper. Heat a skillet over mediumhigh until the pan is hot then drizzle with olive oil.. Place the filets into the pan and cook to mediumrare, about 5 to 7 minutes per side. Remove the pan from the heat and pour brandy into the skillet. Carefully tilt skillet towards the flame to flambe. When the flames burn off, remove the filets from the pan. Remove butter from freezer and cut 4 thin coins and place one on each filet. Serve steaks while hot., ingredients: [1 stick butter, softened, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch chives, left whole, 4 8ounce filet mignon steaks, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ounces brandy], title: Flaming Filet Mignon with Chive Butter, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 58966: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the coconut, condensed milk, and vanilla in a large bowl. Whip the egg whites and salt on high speed in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment until they make mediumfirm peaks. Carefully fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture.nDrop the batter onto sheet pans lined with parchment paper using either a 1 34inch diameter ice cream scoop, or two teaspoons. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Cool and serve., ingredients: [14 ounces sweetened shredded coconut, 14 ounces sweetened condensed milk, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Coconut Macaroons, picturelink: AmytEIHGKJPb4dQP1ux7giVIECbt6dm}, 58967: {instructions: Pick over the rice and dal to remove any pebbles or dirt. Process in a food processor or blender until it becomes a coarse flour mixture, about 5 minutes.nCombine this mixture with water, yogurt, and salt in a bowl. Cover it with plastic wrap and set aside in a warm place at least 12 hours or as long as 24. When ready, the batter should be smooth and foamy, a bit thinner than pancake batter.nJust before cooking, add the tomatoes, serrano chiles, red onion, and cilantro. Stir to combine.nHeat 1 teaspoon oil in a small, wellseasoned cast iron skillet over high heat until it is very hot. Pour in 13 cup batter, reduce the heat to low, and spread the batter evenly with a ladle or spatula. Fry until well browned, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Repeat this procedure, heating an additional teaspoon of oil each time, until all the batter is fried. Stack the pancakes between layers of aluminum foil in a roasting pan and keep warm in a 200 degree F oven.nTo serve, arrange 2 pancakes on each plate and top with some yogurt, tomatoes, and cilantro. For smaller servings, slice each pancake into quarters and serve with garnishes for dipping., ingredients: [1 cup basmati rice, 1 cup black bean dal or lentils, 3 cups water, 5 tablespoons plain yogurt, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 2 serrano chiles, stems and seeds removed, diced, 1 small red onion, diced, 12 bunch cilantro, stems trimmed, roughly chopped, 13 cup vegetable oil, Yogurt, for garnish, Tomatoes, chopped, for garnish, Cilantro, chopped, for garnish], title: Poona Pancakes, picturelink: null}, 58968: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the meat sauce:nPlace an 8quart Dutch oven over low heat and add the bacon. Cook slowly until the bacon is crispy and has rendered its fat, 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the bacon from the pan for another use. Add the onion, salt, and pepper and stir to combine. Place the clove and star anise into a small spice bag, add to the Dutch oven and stir to combine. Cook, uncovered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the onions caramelize, 45 to 60 minutes. Add the celery and the 3 cloves of minced garlic to the pan and continue to cook over low heat until the celery is semitranslucent, approximately 30 minutes. Remove the spice bag from the pot.nMeanwhile, place a wide 4quart saute pan, over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and once it shimmers, add the beef chuck and the pork butt and cook, stirring frequently, until the meat is well browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer the meat to a colander to drain. Return the pan to high heat, add 12 cup of the wine and deglaze the pan, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pot. Transfer these bits and any remaining wine to the Dutch oven along with the meat.nAdd another 12 cup of the wine, evaporated milk, beef broth, and mushrooms to the Dutch oven and stir to combine. Cover and cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 3 hours.nOnce the sauce has been cooking for 1 12 hours, place the 4quart saute pan over medium heat and add 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Once it shimmers, add the 2 cloves of sliced garlic and cook for 30 to 45 seconds or until fragrant. Do not allow the garlic to brown. Add the tomatoes, oregano, basil, and marjoram and cook until most of the liquid has evaporated, approximately 30 minutes. Add the remaining 14 cup wine, tomato paste, ketchup, vinegar, and Worcestershire sauce and stir to combine. Decrease the heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high add the remaining 1 tablespoon of olive oil, and cook, stirring constantly, for 2 to 3 minutes.nTransfer the tomato mixture to the meat mixture and stir to combine. Simmer the sauce, uncovered, over low heat, stirring occasionally, while preparing the pasta.nFor the pasta:nBring the water and salt to a boil over high heat. Carefully add the pasta, stirring quickly to separate. Cover and return to a boil, being careful that the water does not boil over. Once boiling again, uncover and continue to cook until slightly less than al dente, 5 to 6 minutes. Drain in a colander.nAdd the pasta to the meat sauce and cook, over low heat, for another 2 to 3 minutes or until the pasta is al dente. Add the Parmesan cheese and toss to combine. Transfer pasta and sauce to a serving bowl or individual bowls and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces thick sliced bacon, cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large onions, finely chopped, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 whole cloves, 1 whole star anise pod, 3 stalks celery, finely chopped, 5 cloves garlic, 3 minced and 2 sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 8 ounces coarsely ground beef chuck, 8 ounces coarsely ground pork butt, 1 14 cups white wine, divided, 34 cup evaporated milk, 3 cups beef broth, 1ounce dried porcini mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried basil, 2 teaspoons dried marjoram, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 13 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 gallon water, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 12 pound dry spaghetti], title: Meat Sauce and Spaghetti, picturelink: d4TsjWNGcKSZA.GaGole77bwwybU42}, 58969: {instructions: Place grilled green onions, oil, lemon juice, and zest in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the feta and garlic and process until combined and smooth. Scrape the mixture into a bowl and garnish with the additional sliced green onions.nHeat grill to high. Brush the pitas with the remaining oil and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Grill for 1 minute per side or until lightly golden brown. Remove from the grill and cut each pita into eighths. Serve with the feta dip., ingredients: [12 green onions, green part only, grilled and chopped, plus additional thinly sliced green onions, for garnish, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for grilling pitas, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons finely chopped lemon zest, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, 1 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 8 pocketless pitas], title: Feta Cheese and Green Onion Dip with Olive Oil and Lemon with Grilled Pita, picturelink: null}, 58970: {instructions: Peel avocado and remove pit. Place in a bowl and mash. Stir in salsa, sour cream, and jalapeno juice. Add salt, to taste., ingredients: [2 large Hass avocados, 2 tablespoons medium salsa, 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 tablespoon jalapeno juice, Salt], title: Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 58971: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat garlic and oil over low heat and melt butter into the oil. Place the bread in a large bowl and toss with garlic oil and butter. Season with pepper, Parmesan and thyme. Spread croutons evenly on a baking sheet and bake until crisp and golden, 15 minutes.nIn the bowl you made the croutons in, combine garlic, lemon juice, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce and mustard. Whisk in extravirgin olive oil while mixing the dressing.nRemove croutons and let cool. When you are ready to serve, add lettuce to the dressing in the bowl and toss to coat evenly. Add cheese, salt and pepper, croutons. Toss again. Adjust seasonings and serve, with or without anchovies., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon butter, 3 cups cubed sourdough bread, 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves or 1 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 2 large hearts Romaine lettuce, chopped, 7 to 8 cups, 12 cup shredded Parmesan, Salt and coarse black pepper, Anchovies, optional garnish], title: San FranCaesar with Sour Dough Croutons, picturelink: ymeIncs7dt2553OGq0bbj6ZdPCRckm2}, 58972: {instructions: Mash the butter together with the lemon zest and set aside. In a large heavy skillet heat the olive oil over medium heat. Add the jalapeno, pine nuts, lima beans, water, lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally, then reduce the heat so that the liquid is simmering. Simmer uncovered for about 8 minutes, until the beans have absorbed all the liquid. If the beans are still not tender and they have absorbed all the water, add a little more hot water. When the beans are tender, stir in the green onions and remove from the heat. Stir in the lemon butter and the mint, taste for seasoning, and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest, 13 cup olive oil, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, 34 cup pine nuts, toasted see Note, 6 cups fresh or frozen baby lima beans about 2 pounds, I 14 cups water, Juice of I lemon, 34 tablespoon coarse sea salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 green onions, thinly sliced, 12 bunch fresh mint, leaves only, cut into chiffonade], title: Baby Lima Beans Braised in Lemon, picturelink: null}, 58973: {instructions: With the back of a heavy chefs knife, bruise the lemongrass stalk to expose the inside fibers and cut it into 1inch lengths. Combine the lemongrass pieces, ginger, sugar and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook a few minutes until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and steep for 20 minutes.nStrain the syrup into a bowl, discarding the solids. Place the bowl over a larger bowl filled with ice and whisk the syrup until it cools. Combine the pineapple juice, coconut milk, rum and all of the cooled syrup in a blender and blend it will make a nice frothy layer on top. Pour into 4 tumblers with or without ice and garnish with the mint or lemongrass., ingredients: [1 stalk lemongrass, 34 cup peeled and sliced fresh ginger, 12 cup sugar, Ice, 2 cups pineapple juice, chilled, 1 cup coconut milk, 1 cup white rum, chilled, Pinch kosher salt, 4 fresh mint sprigs or 4inch pieces lemongrass, for garnish], title: Ginger Lemongrass Pina Colada, picturelink: L8KVOK7.4Ubvj2TO3LJvPIhCmWdp4Um}, 58974: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFor the chive pie crust: Mix the flour, chives and salt in a bowl. Add the butter and vegetable shortening and work them into the flour using a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles tiny pebbles. Using a fork, stir in the vinegar, beaten egg and 5 tablespoons cold water. Stir the mixture until just combined. Shape the dough into 2 discs. Youll only be using 1 disc for this recipe. You can wrap the additional dough in plastic wrap for storage it will keep up to a week in the fridge or up to 6 months in the freezer.nHave ready 2 sheets of parchment paper that are each at least 12 inches square. Place the disc of dough between them. If the dough is sticky for any reason, dont worry. Just sprinkle some flour on the parchment to get started. You shouldnt have to add much for it to stop sticking. Starting at the center, roll the pin out to the edge. Turn the dough and parchment as necessary and continue rolling, always from the center to the outer edge. After a couple of rolls, lift the parchment paper away from the dough to loosen and replace the parchment. Flip the whole thing and loosen the other paper sheet. Continue rolling until the dough is large enough for your pie pan.nFor the filling: Slice the leeks thinly, and then soak them in cold water for about 10 minutes to remove any grit or dirt. Drain well.nPut the mushrooms on a large baking sheet. Roast until golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside.nMeanwhile, in a large skillet over medium heat, saute the leeks in the butter until golden brown and beginning to caramelize, 8 to 10 minutes. Set aside.nFor the quiche base, add the cream and eggs to a medium bowl and whisk them to combine. Stir in the leeks, mushrooms, grated Swiss and some salt and pepper. Mix in the pesto and prosciutto. The mixture should be very thicknPour the mixture into the pie shell, then cover loosely with a sheet of aluminum foil to prevent it from getting too brown on top. Bake for 45 minutes, then remove the foil and bake for an additional 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the quiche to sit for at least 10 minutes before serving.nPlace the quiche on a cutting board and slice wedges with a serrated knife. Delicious for breakfast, and even better for lunch with a salad and a bunch of juicy grapes, ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose or pastry flour, plus more if needed for rolling, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup cold salted butter, cut into chunks, 34 cup cold vegetable shortening, cut into chunks, 1 tablespoon distilled white vinegar, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 2 leeks, tops and bottoms trimmed, cut in half lengthwise, 16 ounces white mushrooms, sliced, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 8 large eggs, 2 cups grated Swiss cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon pesto, 8 thin slices prosciutto or any good ham, chopped], title: Cowgirl Quiche, picturelink: 0.nYOgjWN4bSYHw2I2Z320DVjbXHgWy}, 58975: {instructions: In a large pot with salted boiling water, cook pasta until al dente, about 4 to 5 minutes. In a large saute pan melt butter. Add lemon zest then pasta. Mix in the cheese, parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Place pasta in two bowls and drizzle with truffle oil., ingredients: [6 ounces fresh fettuccini, 2 ounces butter, Zest of 12 lemon, 4 tablespoons ricotta cheese, 2 tablespoon parsley, chopped, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 ounces truffle oil], title: Fettuccini with Truffle Oil and Lemon and Ricotta, picturelink: null}, 58976: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, heat the heavy cream and milk over mediumlow heat. Chop the chocolate into small pieces and add it to the milk mixture, whisking constantly. Still whisking, add the cinnamon sticks, honey and brown sugar. Once the chocolate has completely melted, remove from the heat and add the vanilla and rum. Continue to whisk until a slight froth begins to form and everything is heated through. When ready to serve, remove the cinnamon sticks., ingredients: [2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 7 ounces dark chocolate, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 14 cup dark rum], title: Spiked Hot Chocolate, picturelink: VNQXQGKWYsy4GRo3fW.b99jkVPynMGi}, 58977: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nLay 2 pizza stones or flat baking sheets side by side in oven.nHeat a dry saute pan on the stove over mediumhigh heat. When the pan is hot, tilt the pan and add the extravirgin olive oil. Add the onions, salt, and a twist of pepper. Lower the heat to medium and saute, stirring occasionally, for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the onions are caramelized.nRoll out dough on a long peel or 2 cutting boards to 14inch thick. Use a bit of flour on the board to keep dough from sticking.nTop half of the pizza with caramelized onions, Gorgonzola cheese, thyme, and grated Parmesan. Top the other half of the pizza with the tomato sauce, the Calabrese salami, the mozzarella slices and sprinkle with the grated Pecorino and chopped oregano. Bake until super crispy and cheese is bubbling., ingredients: [24 ounces prepurchased pizza dough, 14 cup olive oil, 2 large yellow onions, thinly sliced, 14 pound ripe Gorgonzola, crumbled, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon chili paste, 1 cup Quick Tomato Sauce, recipe follows, 12 cup diced Calabrese salami, 12 pound mozzarella, sliced, 14 cup grated pecorino cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano], title: Pizza By the Yard, picturelink: null}, 58978: {instructions: Precook noodles and set aside. Prepare omelet by beating together 2 eggs, with a pinch of salt and pepper. Preheat nonstick skillet or wok, then add eggs, swirling pan to make thin omelet. Cook until set, then slide from the pan, cool, roll, and slice thinly.nIn wok, heat oil until hot then add rock shrimp. Stirfry, add garlic, chiles, and curry powder. Add calamari and stir fry. Add the noodles, and add all vegetables and toss with the soy sauce and chopped cilantro. Garnish with omelet, cilantro sprig, and lime.nNote: This recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [16 ounces egg noodles, 2 eggs, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons cooking oil, 4 ounces rock shrimp, 2 teaspoons sliced garlic, 2 fresh chiles, minced, 3 tablespoons curry powder, 4 ounces calamari, cut into 12inch rings, 4 ounces tofu, medium dice, 12 cup shredded Napa cabbage, 14 cup bean sprouts, 2 scallions, sliced, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped reserve 4 sprigs for garnish, 2 limes], title: Singapore Curried Noodles, picturelink: null}, 58979: {instructions: To prepare dough: combine all ingredients in mixing bowl. Knead dough and roll with rolling pin to form thin layer.nTo prepare filling: Preheat oven to 300 degrees. In a large bowl, combine ricotta, cooked rice, eggs, salt, sugar, and vanilla extract. Line ovenproof dish, or pie plate, with the dough, reserving any extra dough. Place filling in dough. Use leftover dough to decorate top of cake. If using dough on top, sprinkle with cake decorations. Bake for 40 minutes. Cake is done when toothpick inserted in the center comes out dry., ingredients: [2 eggs, 2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Pinch salt, 14 cup water, 1 pound ricotta, 14 cup cooked rice, 6 eggs, Pinch salt, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Cake decorations], title: Ricotta Cake, picturelink: null}, 58980: {instructions: 1. Combine all ingredients, except chips, in blender or food processor. Process until smooth.n2. Serve with pita wedges, tortilla chips, or raw veggies., ingredients: [1 can 15 oz. Del Monteu00ae Sweet PeasNo Salt Added, drained, 1 ripe medium avocado, peeled and pitted, 1 medium jalapeno chili pepper, seeded, if desired, Juice of 2 to 3 medium limes, 1 to 2 medium garlic cloves, peeled, 14 cup basil pesto, Optional pita wedges, tortilla chips, raw veggies], title: AvocadoLime Dipper, picturelink: wzSXy2Nntf0NjF9gGDTVFew3CFstqJi}, 58981: {instructions: Place the sugar and 12 cup water in a small pot and bring to a boil. Once the sugar has dissolved, remove from the heat and add the basil stems. Allow the basil to infuse the simple syrup for approximately half an hour.nRemove the basil stems and strain the basil syrup into a bowl. Add the passion fruit pulp to the syrup, stir to incorporate and set aside.nIn a chilled metal bowl, place the whipping cream, cream cheese, vanilla and sugar. Whip until mediumsoft peaks form.nTo assemble, place a shortcake on a serving plate. Spoon the passion fruit basil syrup over and around the cake. Dollop the chantilly cream on the cake and garnish with a reserved basil leaf., ingredients: [12 cup sugar, 12 cup basil stems with leaves, plus 4 leaves for garnish, 2 passion fruits, 1 cup 35percent whipping cream, 14 cup cream cheese, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 storebought mini shortcakes or sponge cakes], title: Shortcakes with Chantilly Cream and Passion Fruit Basil Syrup, picturelink: null}, 58982: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRender bacon in a large skillet over medium heat. Transfer the cooked bacon to a paper towel lined plate. Add the bread crumbs to a small bowl. Remove 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the skillet and stir into the bread crumbs. Add the onion rounds to the skillet in batches and cook, without breaking the round slices apart, until there is some golden color, about 5 to 6 minutes per side.nTo assemble the gratin, overlap the green tomato slices in 1 row in a large baking dish, about 9 by 11 inches. Next, make a row slightly overlapping of the partially cooked onion rounds, being careful to keep the slices intact. Repeat steps until all tomatoes and onions are used. Season tomatoes and onions lightly with salt and heavily with pepper. Crumble the bacon over the vegetables sprinkle the grated Cheddar over the top followed by the bread crumbs. Bake until the cheese is bubbly, about 30 to 45 minutes. If the top is getting too brown, loosely cover with foil., ingredients: [14 pound bacon, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 2 large Vidalia onions, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick rounds, 4 large green tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 6 ounces sharp white Cheddar, grated, about 1 12 cups], title: Green Tomato and Vidalia Onion Gratin, picturelink: wolIXA.Y8mDoHnUSASbLmlVeH4g7.e}, 58983: {instructions: Pesto:nRoughly chop the cilantro, making sure not to get too much of the stem. Place it in the bowl of a food processor along with the garlic, crushed red pepper, and coriander. With the processor running, add the oil in a slow stream. Let the processor run for about 30 seconds. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse to combine. Set aside.nVinaigrette:nPour the lime juice into the cleaned bowl of the processor. Add the Cilantro Pesto and, with the processor running, add the oil in a slow stream. Process until the vinaigrette emulsifies. Add salt and pepper, to taste, and pulse. Set aside.nMojo:nPlace all the ingredients into the cleaned bowl of the processor and run until smooth. Set aside.nAssembly:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread a generous amount of pesto on each of the 4 tortillas, making sure that you spread the pesto almost to the edge of each tortilla. Shred a generous amount of the queso onto each tortilla. Spray a small saute pan with cooking spray and set it over moderately high heat for 2 minutes you want to make sure the pan is very hot. Place 1 tortilla, cheese side up, into the pan and cook, shaking occasionally, for 1 minute. Transfer to a baking sheet. Repeat with the other 3 tortillas. Place the baking sheet in the oven for 3 to 5 minutes.nAs the quesadillas are cooking, toss the lettuces together in a large bowl with 12 of the vinaigrette reserve the rest for pork loin dish. Mound the salad onto 4 plates. Remove the quesadillas from the oven, allow to cool for a few minutes, and slice each into 4 pieces. Surround the salad with the 4 slices and drizzle with the Mango Mojo. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 teaspoon Cilantro Pesto, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 ripe mango, peeled and sliced, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 1 tablespoon honey, Pinch salt, 4 small flour tortillas, 1 12ounce package queso anejo, 1 head Boston lettuce, washed and roughly torn, 1 head red leaf lettuce, washed and roughly torn], title: Topless Crispy Quesadilla with Cilantro Pesto and Mango Mojo on a Bed of Greens, picturelink: null}, 58984: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nOn a floured surface, roll the pastry 38inch thick and line a 10inch flan ring with it. Place the ring on a parchment paper lined baking sheet and chill it until needed.nCream the butter and sugar lightly in an electric mixer dont let the butter get too soft. Add the eggs and mix lightly.nStir in the liqueur, zest, and almond extract, then mix in the ground almonds.nPour into the chilled pastry shell and bake for 1 hour to 1 hour and 15 minutes, or until the pastry and marzipan are a deep golden brown.nRemove the tart from the oven and let cool to room temperature.nBrush the top of the tart with the currant jelly. Cover the top of the tart with sliced strawberries arranged in concentric circles or in a flower petal design, making certain the whole top of the tart is covered.nRemove the flan ring and transfer the tart to a flat serving platter. Cut into wedges.nSugar Dough: 1 pound unsalted butter, slightly softened 3 13 cups 12 ounces pastry flour 3 13 cups 12 ounces allpurpose flour Pinch salt 34 cup 6 ounces sugar 3 egg yolks 2 to 4 tablespoons heavy creamnCut the butter into large pieces and place the pieces in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle or dough hook.nAdd the pastry and allpurpose flour, salt, and sugar. Mix on low speed until the butter is evenly distributed throughout the flour.nAdd the egg yolks and cream. Continue to mix on low speed until the dough pulls away from the sides of the bowl.nRemove the dough and divide it into 2 pieces. Flatten each piece into a 6inch round. Wrap in plastic and chill for at least 2 hours or overnight. Use as needed. The dough will remain fresh for 2 or 3 days in the refrigerator or wrap securely in plastic, then in foil, and it will keep frozen for 2 to 3 months.nNote: The dough may also be made in a food processor using the same technique, but make half a batch at a time for best results.nTo prepare the dough by hand, place the flours, sugar and salt in a large bowl or on a work surface. Mix together. Cut in the butter with your fingertips. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture. Pour in the egg yolks and cream. Using your fingertips, quickly work in the flour until the dough holds together. Form the dough into rounds, wrap it in plastic wrap and chill.nYield: 2 12 pounds, ingredients: [13 recipe sugar dough, recipe follows, 12 pound unsalted butter, slightly softened, 12 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 2 oranges, zested and finely grated, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 2 cups ground almonds, 14 cup currant jelly, melted, 2 baskets strawberries, sliced 14 inch thick, 1 pound unsalted butter, slightly softened, 3 13 cups 12 ounces pastry flour, 3 13 cups 12 ounces allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 34 cup 6 ounces sugar, 3 egg yolks, 2 to 4 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Strawberry Marzipan Tart, picturelink: null}, 58985: {instructions: Put all the ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into cocktail glasses and serve., ingredients: [12 pint raspberry sorbet, 12 pint vanilla frozen yogurt, 12 cup cranraspberry juice, 1 pint fresh raspberries, 12 cup vodka, optional], title: Really Raspberry Sorbet Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 58986: {instructions: Special equipment: a taco shell moldnFor the taco shells: Pour enough canola oil in a heavy pot or deep fryer for the wonton wrappers to be submerged completely when frying. Heat the oil until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F.nUsing a taco shell mold, fry the wonton wrappers in the oil until crispy, about 5 minutes. Drain on paper towels and allow to cool fully before using.nFor the scallion slaw: Rinse the scallions thoroughly with cold water. Prepare a bowl of ice water, add the scallions and soak for 5 minutes. Drain thoroughly.nCombine the scallions, rice vinegar, sugar, soy sauce, chile flakes and sesame oil and let marinate for 20 minutes.nFor the bulgogi marinade: Add the garlic and onions to a food processor and process until thoroughly combined. Add the soy sauce, red wine, sesame oil, black pepper, pears, pineapple cubes and 1 12 cups water and process until thoroughly combined.nAdd the rib eye to a bowl, pour over the bulgogi marinade and allow the beef to marinate for at least 10 minutes.nHeat a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Remove the beef from the marinade, letting any excess marinade drip back into the bowl. Add the beef to the pan and cook until well done, about 5 minutes. This is very important to allow the flavors of the marinade to develop completely.nPeel the pear and slice it into thin halfmoons. Place a layer of the kimchee and then the beef into each taco shell. Garnish with the scallion slaw and sliced pears., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 12 round wonton wrappers, 1 cup fine julienne scallions, 12 cup brown rice vinegar, 14 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons Korean chile flakes, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 12 cloves garlic, 3 onions, cut into chunks, 1 12 cups soy sauce, 1 cup red wine, 14 cup sesame oil, 2 pinches black pepper, 2 Korean pears or Gala apples, cored and cut into chunks, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and cubed, 1 pound beef rib eye, sliced thinly, 1 Korean pear or Gala apple, 1 cup prepared kimchee, drained well and minced], title: Korean Beef Bulgogi Tacos with Kimchee Slaw, picturelink: null}, 58987: {instructions: In a 10inch skillet over medium heat, sweat the onions in the butter. Add the garlic and mushrooms and saute for 2 minutes. Add the flour and cook for 2 to 5 minutes. Slowly whisk in the milk and season with the cayenne, salt, and pepper, to taste. Fold in the bacon bits.nPreheat the grill to high heat.nBlanch the green beans in salted boiling water for 3 to 5 minutes. Remove to an ice bath for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the ice bath, drain, and pat dry with a paper towel when cool. Toss the green beans in the extravirgin olive oil and a little salt and pepper. Grill for 3 minutes.nPlace the green beans on a plate and top with the mushroom sauce and fried onions., ingredients: [14 cup diced white onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 cup sliced crimini mushrooms, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 12 to 2 cups milk, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons bacon bits, 12 pound green beans, trimmed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon canned fried onions], title: Hawks Nest Green Beans, picturelink: .m8HYhpQhrgkYcmcQf2hYhvVi0SRQC}, 58988: {instructions: For the Topping:nFor the Dough: In a large measuring cup or medium bowl, sprinkle the yeast in the water to soften. Heat the cream to 100 degrees F and add it to the yeast along with the egg yolks and egg white. Whisk to combine.nIn a large bowl, combine the sugar, salt, cardamom, and flour. Using a pastry blender or 2 knives, cut the butter into the flour mixture until it is the size of tiny peas. This process also can be done easily in a food processor. Add the yeast mixture to the dry ingredients and stir just until combined. Do not mix too much because you do not want to soften the cold butter. You should see small flourcoated pieces of butter throughout the dough.nOvernight rise: Put the dough in an oiled bowl and turn to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a piece of plastic wrap and a tightly woven towel and refrigerate 12 hours or overnight.nShape: Turn the dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface and divide in half. Roll each half into a 24inch square. Fold the dough in half from top to bottom, then fold the dough in half from side to side to make a 12inch square. Cover with a towel and let rest 10 minutes.nWorking with 1 square of dough at a time, roll the dough into a 12 by 24inch rectangle. Spread half of filling evenly over twothirds of the dough, filling an area of 8 by 24 inches. Fold the portion of dough that has no filling onto the center third of filled dough, then fold the other third of dough to the center, forming a 4 by 24inch rectangle.nPlace the dough seam side down on a parchmentlined or wellgreased baking sheet. Bring the ends of the dough almost together about 4 inches apart to form a horseshoe. Repeat with the second piece of dough. If you cannot get both Kringles on a baking sheet, cover the second one and put it in the refrigerator until the first Kringle finishes baking then bake.nSecond Rise: Cover the with a tightly woven towel and let rise for 1 hour.nPreheat Oven: About 10 minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFinal Preparation: For the topping, beat the egg white with a whisk or fork until frothy and brush over the loaves. Sprinkle with sliced almonds and then granulated sugar.nBake and Cool: Bake for 25 minutes until the internal temperature of the bread reached 190 degrees. Immediately remove the bread from the baking sheet and place on a rack to cool.nIn a medium bowl, stir the sugar, apples, pecans, butter, and cinnamon together until well mixed. Use to fill 2 loaves., ingredients: [1 scant tablespoon or 1 14ounce package active dry yeast, 14 cup warm water about 110 degrees F, 34 cup heavy cream, 3 large egg yolks, 1 large egg white, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cardamom, 3 12 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, very cold, Apple Pecan Filling, recipe follows, 1 large egg white, Sliced almonds, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, Im partial to Granny Smith apples because I like their tart flavor and they keep their shape during baking, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 2 cups finely chopped, peeled and cored Granny Smith apples, 1 cup finely chopped pecans, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Kringle, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 58989: {instructions: For the syrup: Put the sugar, water, hibiscus flowers, and ginger in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and set aside to steep for 30 minutes. Strain and refrigerate until chilled.nTo make the cocktail: Combine the tequila, 2 cups of the hibiscus syrup, lime juice, and orange liqueur in a large pitcher. The vampiro can be made up to this point a day ahead and refrigerated.nTo serve, fill a cocktail shaker halfway with ice, add the some of the vampiro and shake until chilled. Strain and serve straightup in a cocktail glass garnished with lime slices. Alternatively, serve over ice in a rocks glass., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 14 cup dried hibiscus flowers see Cooks Note, 2inch piece fresh ginger, unpeeled and sliced, 4 cups white tequila, 2 cups freshly squeezed lime juice, strained, 1 cup orange liqueur, such as Triple Sec, Cubed ice, as needed, Thinly sliced lime, for garnish], title: Vampiro, picturelink: null}, 58990: {instructions: Bring the water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan. Reduce the heat to moderately low so that the water comes to a simmer.nBegin pouring in the polenta taragna by the handful, in a thin stream, very slowly, and stir constantly with a long handled wooden spoon to avoid lumps. Keep the mixture at a bare simmer and stir frequently. It is not necessary to stir constantly if the polenta is cooked on low heat. After all the polenta is added, stir in 3 tablespoons of the butter and cook the polenta for 20 to 25 minutes. As it cooks, the polenta will thicken considerable just keep stirring, and crush against the side of the pan any lumps that might form. The polenta is done when it comes away effortlessly from the sides of the pan.nRemove the pan from the heat and stir in half of the cheese, the remaining 3 tablespoons butter, and pepper. Season to taste. Add remaining cheese and stir quickly, leaving some of the cheese unmelted. Transfer the polenta to a serving platter and serve immediately.nRecommended Wine: 1991 Vintage Tunina, Jermann, ingredients: [3 12 cups water, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup Polenta Taragna, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 4 ounces Tallegio cheese, sliced, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Polenta Taragna alla Valtellinese, picturelink: null}, 58991: {instructions: Special equipment: a 13 by 9inch pannPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 13 by 9inch pan.nIn a large bowl soak noodles in hot tap water until soft and slightly pliable about 10 to 15 minutes. Drain the water and set them aside.nIn a small microwavable bowl, mix together 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon paprika, and the red pepper flakes. Microwave for 30 seconds to melt the butter. Add the panko, 14 cup grated Parmesan and the parsley. Mix well and set aside.nIn a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add oil. Gently add the broccoli and cauliflower. Stir in the zucchini and squash, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Add 2 tablespoons butter and the onions and saute until translucent. Whisk in 2 teaspoons of cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, the flour and 1 tablespoon of garlic. Add the milk and vegetable stock and season with salt, to taste. Whisk together and allow to simmer for a few minutes, then stir in the remaining 14 cup of grated Parmesan.nLadle some of the sauce into the bottom of the prepared pan, then add a layer of noodles, then some vegetables and some more sauce. Add another layer of noodles, then the cottage cheese, then vegetables, then some mozzarella and sauce again. Repeat and finish with a layer of noodles. Cover with the remaining sauce and top with the panko mixture. Cover with foil and bake for 30 to 35 minutes. The last 10 minutes, remove the foil to get a crunchier crust. Remove from the oven and allow to rest before cutting and serving., ingredients: [1 box lasagna noodles, 4 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, divided, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 4 tablespoons panko bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, divided, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 to 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup broccoli florets, 1 cup cauliflower, 1 cup seeded and chopped zucchini, 1 cup seeded and chopped squash, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 medium onion, diced, 4 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 12 cups milk, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 12 cups cottage cheese, 1 12 cups shredded mozzarella cheese], title: Three Cheese Vegetable Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 58992: {instructions: Heat olive oil in a large deep skillet over medium heat. Add onion, carrot and celery, cook until vegetables are slightly softened, 5 minutes. Add 1 cup water, season with salt and pepper, cover, cook until tender,10 minutes.nMeanwhile, finely chop sage, thyme, and garlic together. Stir beans and chopped herbs mixture into vegetablesnCook pasta according to package directions, for 5 minutes. Add escarole, stir and cook, until shells are al dente, 1 to 2 minutes more. Drain.nAdd pasta and escarole to the vegetables. Stir in 34 cup cheese, season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve with grated cheese and a dollup of tomato pesto if desired., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling, 1 small onion, chopped, 2 medium carrots, chopped, 2 ribs celery, chopped, 6 large sage leaves, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, 4 garlic cloves, 3 cups cooked borlotti beans, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper or 14 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 13.5 ounce box whole wheat medium pasta shells, 1 head escarole, washed and leaves finely shredded about 12 ounces, 1 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, 14 cup Sundried tomato pesto, optional], title: Pasta e Fagioli: Penne with Beans and Escarole, picturelink: null}, 58993: {instructions: Heat 14 cup olive oil in a medium skillet until moderately hot but not smoking. Add mushrooms and cook, stirring until softened and just beginning to brown. Remove from heat and set aside.nHeat remaining 14 cup olive oil in a large heavy pan until moderately hot, but not smoking. Add next seven ingredients. Stir in 1 tablespoon Ras El Hanout. Cook, covered over medium heat until partially cooked, about 10 minutes. Stir in 3 cups of vegetable stock.nContinue cooking until the vegetables are tender but not overdone, 20 to 30 minutes. During the last 10 minutes of the cooking, stir in the reserved portobello mushrooms and the chickpeas. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Cover to keep warm.nRinse couscous in a sieve, add 2 tablespoons Ras el Hanout and salt, to taste. Let stand for 20 minutes, then separate the grains with your fingers.nBring remaining 2 cups of vegetable stock to a simmer. Add couscous and cook over medium heat to steam and heat through.nTo serve, mound couscous in the center of platter and surround with the vegetables. Garnish with mint leaves.nMix together thoroughly.nIn a small dry skillet over medium heat, toast caraway, coriander and cumin seeds until very aromatic, about 2 to 3 minutes. Shake the pan often to prevent burning. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature. Grind to a fine powder in a spice grinder, coffee grinder, blender or with a mortar and pestle. Add garlic and salt and grind again until smooth. Add sweet paprika, red pepper flakes, mint leaves and olive oil and grind until the ingredients are well combined. The paste will be very thick and dry. Transfer paste to a small jar and cover with olive oil. Refrigerate for up to 6 months., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, divided, 3 portobello mushrooms, wiped clean, gills removed, and thickly sliced, 1 red onion, quartered, 1 celery root cut into large chunks, 2 white turnips, peeled and quartered, 2 leeks, white and green parts, cleaned and cut into 14inchthick pieces, 1 medium head cauliflower, separated into florets, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, 3 tablespoons Ras El Hanout, recipe follows, divided, 5 cups vegetable stock, 2 cups canned chickpeas, drained, 5 cups couscous, Salt, to taste, 10 fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons ground nutmeg, 2 teaspoons ground allspice, 2 teaspoons ground mace, 2 teaspoons ground cardamom, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground red pepper, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 2 cloves garlic, quartered, Salt to taste, 3 tablespoons sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons dried mint leaves, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Vegetable Couscous with Harissa, picturelink: null}, 58994: {instructions: In a hot wok, add oil followed by garlic and shallots, then cook until fragrant.nAdd the shiitake mushrooms and stirfry for 1 minute.nNow add the choko choyote leaves and stirfry for 2 minutes or until wilted.nSeason with pinch salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, and soy sauce, and then stirfry for a further minute.nServe with jasmine rice., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, diced, 2 Asian shallots, diced, 7 ounces200 g fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems trimmed, 1 bunch choko chayote leaves, picked into 1 12inch4 cm lengths see Cooks Note, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, Serving suggestion: Cooked jasmine rice], title: Wild Shitake Mushroom and Choko Leaf Stir Fry: Nam Xao La Su Su, picturelink: null}, 58995: {instructions: Add sugar and lemon to melon or watermelon juice, to correct flavor. Add liqueur.nPour mixture into shallow hotel pans to a depth of approximately 14inch. Place in freezer. If you pour any deeper, ice crystals will not form properly.nWhen you see a layer of ice on the surface, scrape to break it up and put pan back in freezer. Continue this process until completely frozen. Final product should look like sequins., ingredients: [14 cup of sugar, Lemon juice, 4 12 cups melon or watermelon juice, 14 cup melon flavored liqueur], title: Melon or Watermelon Granita, picturelink: null}, 58996: {instructions: On a lightly oiled baking sheet spread warm polenta about 34inch thick and cool to room temperature. Polenta may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. In a large nonstick skillet heat 1 tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and brown sausage. Add water and cook sausage, covered, turning occasionally, until cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove lid and cook mixture until any remaining water is evaporated. Transfer sausage with tongs to a bowl and reserve fat remaining in skillet. Cool sausages slightly and slice diagonally. Cut polenta into 1 12inch diamond shapes or squares. In skillet saute polenta in 2 batches in reserved fat over moderately high heat, turning occasionally, adding additional oil to skillet if necessary, until golden on both sides. Transfer polenta as cooked with a slotted spoon to bowl with sausage and cover. In skillet heat remaining tablespoon oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute broccoli rabe with salt to taste, stirring, until just wilted. Add garlic paste and saute, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in remaining ingredients and simmer, stirring, until tomato paste is incorporated and sauce is slightly thickened. Add sausage and polenta and cook until heated through. Serve polenta sprinkled with Parmesan.nIn a heavy saucepan bring water and salt to a boil and gradually whisk in cornmeal in a thin stream. Cook polenta over moderately low heat it should be barely boiling, stirring constantly, until very thick and pulls away from side of pan, about 40 minutes for cornmeal and about 15 minutes for instant polenta. Remove pan from heat and cover to keep warm. Stir polenta just before using. Polenta will keep warm, covered, about 20 minutes. Makes about 3 cups., ingredients: [1 recipe basic polenta, recipe follows, keep warm, 2 tablespoons olive oil plus additional if necessary, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage links, 14 cup water, 1 bunch broccoli rabe about 1 pound, chopped coarse and tough stems discarded, 1 garlic clove, chopped and mashed to a paste with 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup chicken broth, 28 to 32ounce can whole tomatoes, drained, seeded, and chopped, 14 cup dried currants, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Accompaniment: freshly grated Parmesan, 4 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cornmeal or instant polenta], title: Sauteed Polenta with Sweet Italian Sausage and Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 58997: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with the ice. Add the tequila, lime juice, orange liqueur and 6 raspberries. Shake very well and strain into a rocks glass filled with ice. Skewer the remaining 3 raspberries on a decorative toothpick and garnish the drink along with a lime wheel., ingredients: [2 cups ice, plus more for serving, 1 12 ounces 100percent blue agave tequila reposado or blanco, 34 ounce fresh lime juice about 1 lime, 34 ounce orange flavored liqueur, such as Triple Sec, 9 raspberries, Lime wheel, for garnish], title: Raspberry Daisy, picturelink: null}, 58998: {instructions: Combine the ginger, garlic, coconut, water, onions and salt in a large pot. Bring to a boil, and then reduce to a simmer and add the octopus. Cook for 10 minutes, and then transfer to a bowl to cool. Meanwhile, mix together the mirin, rice wine vinegar, toasted sesame oil, soy sauce, sriracha and lime juice in a medium bowl.nOnce the octopus is cool enough to handle, slice the thicker tentacles into 12inch slices, and then leave the thinner, curly ends long. Mix together the octopus, chiles, cucumber, and green onions, and then toss with the dressing. Serve at room temperature or cold in the papaya halves., ingredients: [6 inches ginger, cut into chunks, 3 cloves garlic, crushed, 2 cans coconut milk, plus 2 cans water, 1 sweet Maui onion, 12 whole, 12 diced, 12 tablespoon salt, 2 pounds octopus, cleaned, beaks removed and tentacles separated, 14 cup mirin, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 4 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sriracha, Juice of 2 limes, 1 Fresno chile, thinly sliced, 1 English cucumber, diced, 12 bunch green onions, sliced, 1 large papaya, halved and hollowed], title: Octopus Salad, picturelink: null}, 58999: {instructions: Bring a skillet or grill pan sprayed with nonstick spray to mediumhigh heat. Place the pineapple in the skillet and cook until slightly blackened and caramelized, about 3 minutes per side. Set aside to cool.nAdd patty to the skillet and cook until hot, about 2 minutes per side. Place cheese slice on top of the patty while still in the skillet.nPlace the patty on the bottom 12 of the bun, and top with teriyaki sauce. Add pineapple, tomato, and lettuce.nSpread the mayonnaise on the top half of the bun, and finish your burger off with the buns top 12. Now CHOMP, ingredients: [1 slice fresh or packed in juice pineapple, 1 frozen meatless soy burger patty about 90 calories, thawed, 1 tablespoon thick teriyaki sauce 20 to 25 calories per tablespoon, 1 slice fatfree Cheddar cheese, 1 small light hamburger bun about 80 calories, 2 thick slices tomato, 1 leaf lettuce, 1 tablespoon fatfree mayonnaise], title: Island Insanity Burger, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 59000: {instructions: Bring the juice of 5 lemons and 34 cup each sugar and water to a boil. Add 12 cup basil leaves and the zest of 2 lemons in wide strips and steep, off the heat, 45 minutes strain. Add 2 cups cold water, then pour into a baking dish and freeze 1 hour. Meanwhile, hollow out 6 of the juiced lemon halves and freeze. Scrape the ice with a fork freeze 4 more hours, scraping every hour. Serve in the lemon cups.nSERVES: 4 Calories: 159 Total Fat: 0 grams Saturated Fat: 0 grams Protein: 0 grams Total carbohydrates: 42 grams Sugar: 39 grams Fiber: 0 grams Cholesterol: 0 milligrams Sodium: 6 milligramsnPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: BasilLemon Ice, picturelink: d2BW.McYIFog4huCI9w27IPMx5mJ7E6}, 59001: {instructions: Cream the butter, sugar and eggs: In a stand mixer or in a large bowl with a hand mixer on high, cream the butter and sugar until fluffy and smooth, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the eggs one by one, completely incorporating the first one before adding the second, and making sure to scrape the sides between additions. Beat in the almond extract.nAdd the dry ingredients: In a large bowl, stir to combine the flour, baking powder and salt. Lower the mixer speed to mediumlow and pour the flour mixture into the butter mixture in four parts, taking time to blend in and scrape the sides of the bowl back to the center between each addition, until all is combined.nFinish the dough and chill: Add the milk 1 tablespoon at a time to the dough and blend until it becomes smooth but firm enough to form balls you may not need all of the milk. Turn off the mixer and add the cereal, folding it in by hand using a rubber spatula or wooden spoon. Divide the dough in half and roll into logs 2 12 inches in diameter. Wrap tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours.nBake and cool the cookies: Position oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 375 degrees F line two baking sheets with parchment. Remove the cookie dough from the plastic wrap and slice into 12inchthick discs. Place 6 discs at least 3 inches apart on each prepared baking sheet refrigerate the remaining dough until ready to bake. Bake until golden and crispy around the edges, 12 to 15 minutes. Let the cookies cool completely on the baking sheets. Once the baking sheets are cool, bake the remaining cookies., ingredients: [4 sticks 32 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 cups sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 4 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 to 3 tablespoons milk, 2 cups multicolored puffed rice cereal I like Fruity Pebbles], title: Sunnys Cereal Confetti Cookies, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 59002: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToast the whole dried ancho, arbol and New Mexico chiles on a baking sheet until puffed, 5 to 7 minutes. Let cool. Remove the seeds and stemsnIn a spice or coffee grinder, grind the toasted chiles until fine. In a small bowl, mix the chile powder, cumin and oregano with enough hot water about 2 tablespoons until a thick paste forms.nHeat a large Dutch oven over medium heat. Add the bacon and render until crispy, stirring occasionally. Using a slotted spoon, remove the bacon and reserve on a paper towellined plate. Keep the fat in the pot.nSprinkle the beef with salt and pepper. Increase the heat under the pot to medium high, add the beef in batches and cook until browned. Remove the beef and set aside. Add the chile paste and saute until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add in the onions, season with salt and pepper and saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add in the jalapenos and garlic and saute until fragrant, about 30 seconds.nAdd the beef back to the pot along with the hot beef stock, crushed tomatoes and cornmeal. Bring to a simmer and cook at a simmer until thick and rich, about 2 12 hours, adding more beef stock if the chili is getting too thick. Adjust the seasoning if necessary. Finish with lime juice to taste.nServe with Perry County Corn Bread and choice of toppings: crispy bacon, fried onions, crushed tortilla chips, sliced avocados and corn nuts.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Heat the butter in a castiron skillet over medium heat until melted.nIn a bowl, mix together the cornmeal, flour and salt. In a measuring cup, whisk together the buttermilk and eggs.nMix the buttermilkegg mixture into the dry mix until creamy and pourable. Add more buttermilk if needed to achieve the appropriate consistency. Pour the batter into the hot skillet and stir lightly. Transfer the skillet to the oven and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes. Turn out onto a wire rack to cool., ingredients: [3 dried ancho chiles, 1 dried chile darbol, 1 dried New Mexico or pasilla chile, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 6 slices thickcut bacon, cut into lardons or 14inch strips, 4 pounds trimmed chuck roast, cut into 1inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 medium onion, diced, 4 jalapenos, ribs and seeds removed, diced, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups beef stock, hot, plus more if needed, One 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons cornmeal, Juice of 2 limes, Perry County Corn Bread, recipe follows, for serving, Suggested toppings: crispy bacon, Frenchfried onions, crushed tortilla chips, sliced avocados and corn nuts, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 2 cups selfrising cornmeal, 14 cup selfrising flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup buttermilk, plus more if needed, 2 eggs], title: Texas Rising Chili Con Carne, picturelink: 93.Cptk0ud3zEjOlFIBOGHBQ8Q.UNa}, 59003: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the tomatoes, cucumber, garlic, bell pepper and shallot to a large bowl and toss together with a big pinch of salt and pepper. Add to a blender and blend until smooth you may have to do this in batches. Then drizzle in the olive oil and vinegar with the blender running. Place back in the bowl, cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour for the flavors to develop and for the soup to chill.nLadle soup into bowls and drizzle with olive oil to serve., ingredients: [2 pounds ripe tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 English cucumber, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 clove garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 orange bell pepper, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 medium shallot, peeled and roughly chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup good extravirgin olive oil, plus more for garnishing, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: ercH9cRHaLjbTbiYXM86ho87vXwbgyy}, 59004: {instructions: In a small bowl, whisk together the shallot, vinegar, oil and salt and pepper.nServe with a salad or steamed or grilled vegetables. Add minced fresh herbs as desired., ingredients: [1 tablespoon shallot, minced, 14 cup balsamic or red wine vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 59005: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender but still firm to the bite, 8 to 10 minutes. Reserve 34 cup of the cooking liquid, then drain the pasta.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large, highsided skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes. Remove the garlic and discard. Add the spinach and 2 teaspoons pepper, and cook until the spinach has wilted, about 1 minute.nRemove the skillet from the heat and add the pasta. Add the Pecorino Romano cheese and 2 teaspoons each salt and pepper, and toss until coated.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the reserved cooking liquid and the mascarpone cheese until smooth. Pour over the pasta and toss until coated. Season with salt.nTransfer the pasta to a large bowl and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound fusilli pasta, 14 cup olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed, 5 cups baby spinach leaves 5 ounces, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups grated Pecorino Romano cheese 6 ounces, 1 cup mascarpone cheese 8 ounces, at room temperature], title: Fusilli with Pecorino Romano and Black Pepper, picturelink: O0LbjldaXbLgICLOCOfCy3W4.9061K}, 59006: {instructions: Make the sauce: Pick enough tarragon leaves to measure 1 cup do not pack. Chop enough chives to measure 23 cup. Coarsely chop shallot. In a food processor puree tarragon, chives, and shallot with remaining sauce ingredients until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Sauce may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce to cool room temperature before serving.nMake the salmon: Bring the wine and water to a simmer in a large, deep skillet with a tightfitting lid. Cut salmon into 12 pieces and season with salt and pepper. Submerge 3 salmon pieces, skin sides down, in simmering liquid add hot water, if necessary, to just cover salmon and poach at a bare simmer, covered, 8 minutes, or until just cooked through. Transfer cooked salmon with a slotted spatula to a platter to cool and poach remaining salmon in same manner. When salmon is cool enough to handle, peel off skin and if desired with a sharp knife scrape off any dark meat. Salmon may be cooked 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring salmon to cool room temperature before serving.nWhen ready to serve, spoon sauce onto a large serving platter or divide among 12 plates and garnish with peas., ingredients: [4 large bunches fresh tarragon about 1 ounce total, 2 large bunches fresh chives about 23 ounces, 2 large shallots, 1 12 cups fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 cups mayonnaise, 23 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 4 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 cups dry white wine, 5 cups water, 1 6pound skinon salmon fillet, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound cooked sugar snap peas, diagonally cut into thirds, for garnish], title: Poached Salmon with Tarragon Sauce, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 59007: {instructions: Season the fish with salt and white pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet or grill pan over mediumhigh heat. Add fish, skin side up, and cook for about 3 minutes or until browned. You may have to cook fish in 2 batches, add more oil as necessary. Flip fish and cook for an additional 3 minutes or until cooked through. Keep warm.nWhile the fish is cooking, heat the crabmeat and melted butter in another large skillet over medium heat. Season with salt and pepper. Cook just until crabmeat is hot.nTo serve, place a pompano fillet in the center of each plate, and top with 3 ounces of crabmeat. Garnish with chopped parsley, parsley sprigs, and a lemon half., ingredients: [6 8ounce pompano fillets, skin on, Salt and white pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons oil, plus 1 to 2 tablespoons more, if needed, 1 12 pounds jumbo lump crabmeat, picked over, 10 ounces 2 12 sticks butter, melted, 1 ounce parsley leaves, chopped, Parsley sprigs, for garnish, 3 lemons, halved], title: Pompano Pontchartrain, picturelink: null}, 59008: {instructions: In a bowl, mix the cream cheese, walnuts, honey, cinnamon and salt until combined. Spread on anything and eat, ingredients: [8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup toasted walnuts, chopped, 2 tablespoons honey, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, Pinch sea salt], title: HoneyWalnut Cream Cheese, picturelink: FnI7GVJAi6LTQoz64C71xf8AqW2HdC}, 59009: {instructions: Bring a large pot of water to a boil with the oil and salt. Add pasta and cook until al dente, about 12 minutes. Pour water off pasta into colander and rinse with cool water.nCombine white wine, seafood stock, and thyme, reducing in a medium saucepan. Remove thyme and set aside.nIn medium saucepan, saute porcini and shiitake mushrooms in butter, until soft. Add shallots and cook until translucent, approximately 2 minutes. Add cream and reduce by half. Add the cheeses and cook until just melted. Combine with other sauce. Remove from heat and season with salt and pepper.nBring water to boil and add whole lobster for approximately 12 minutes. Then place in ice water to cool. Remove the lobster from the shell.nAdd the pasta to sauce, toss to coat and plate. Warm lobster tail in oven and slice over top of pasta. To serve, top with micro collard greens and parsley., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, Salt, 1 cup cannolicchi pasta, 14 cup white wine, 14 cup seafood stock, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 34 cup dry porcini mushrooms, rehydrated in hot water, 14 cup shiitake mushrooms, 1 to 2 tablespoons butter, 1 medium shallot, diced fine, 12 pint heavy cream, 12 pound fontina cheese, 12 pound tomme au marc du jura cheese, 1 dash pepper, 1 lobster, 2 ounces microcollard greens, 6 fresh flatleaf parsley leaves], title: The Wonders of Macaroni, picturelink: null}, 59010: {instructions: Mix the flour with 14 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl. Add the artichoke hearts and toss. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the artichoke hearts and fry until golden brown and crisp, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Remove the skillet from the heat and reserve the frying oil.nSeason the tomatoes with salt and pepper. Divide the mozzarella, tomatoes, prosciutto and fried artichokes among plates. Top with the basil and olives and drizzle with some of the reserved frying oil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [14 cup allpurpose flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 14ounce can artichoke hearts in water, drained and patted dry, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound small tomatoes, quartered, 1 1pound ball fresh mozzarella cheese, sliced, 8 thin slices prosciutto about 14 pound, 1 cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup green olives preferably Sicilian, smashed and pitted], title: Caprese Salad With Prosciutto and Fried Artichokes, picturelink: BBdqPtfaCB1kKi0AA8dJnFwEpdd0QT6}, 59011: {instructions: Melt butter in heavy pot over medium heat. Add onion and cook for 3 minutes. Add apple and cook for 2 minutes. Add in cabbage and stir to coat. Season and add vinegar, water and brown sugar. Bring to a simmer and cover. Reduce heat to medium and cook for 1520 minutes until cabbage is tender. Add more water if necessary. Serve hot., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, Salt and pepper, 1 small onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup cider vinegar, 1 granny smith apple, peeled, cored and chopped, 1 cup water, 1 small head red cabbage, finely shredded, 1 tablespoon brown sugar], title: Braised Red Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 59012: {instructions: To roast vegetables, preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place tomatoes and rapini on a baking sheet and season with salt and pepper and coat with 14 cup of the olive oil. Roast the vegetables until tender, then remove and allow to cool.nBegin the Marsala sauce by heating 14 cup of the oil in a saute pan and cooking the shallots or onion gently until translucent. Deglaze the pan with the wine and add the stock and fresh thyme. Allow to reduce by 23.nFor the stuffed chicken, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lay a long piece of plastic wrap over your cutting board and tuck it underneath the sides of the board. The chicken breasts should be placed on the covered cutting board, skin side down, with enough space between them so they can lay flat after you butterfly them. To make the butterfly cut, carefully slice open without slicing the chicken all the way through and spread the flesh of the chicken out so you will be able to pound it out into a single thin piece on which you will place stuffing and then roll up. Season the breasts with salt and pepper. Then put another length of plastic wrap over the seasoned chicken breasts and flatten with meat mallet to integrate the seasoning into the chicken. Covering the chicken with the plastic will also keep the mess down when you pound with the meat mallet. Pound chicken thin and remove plastic. Lay sliced smoked mozzarella on each breast followed by broccoli rabe and roasted tomatoes. Fold in each end and roll tightly, securing with toothpicks as needed, and placing on a baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper and brush with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Place in the oven and roast until fork tender about 45 to 50 minutes.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet, season with salt and pepper, and coat with olive oil. Place in the oven and roast potatoes until they are also fork tender.nStrain Marsala sauce and whisk in butter to finish. Season with salt and pepper, as needed.nRemove any toothpicks securing the chicken. Slice each chicken roll to reveal the stuffed interior. Place on serving plate with roasted potatoes. Spoon Marsala sauce around chicken. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [8 Roma plum tomatoes, halved lengthwise and seeds removed, 4 bunches broccoli rabe rapini, divided into 8 sections, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided plus more for coating potatoes, 2 finely diced shallots, or 1 white onion, finely diced, 1 750ml bottle Marsala, 1 cup vegetable stock, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 8 6ounce boneless chicken breasts, skin on, 8 ounces smoked mozzarella, sliced, 6 to 8 white potatoes, scrubbed and cut into chunks, 12 cup unsalted butter 1 stick, 12 bunch fresh chives, chopped], title: Chicken Stuffed with Smoked Mozzarella, Roasted Tomatoes and Broccoli Rabe over Potatoes with Marsala Sauce, picturelink: sxuoormBIDANFg4RikffiHTnz3pgBy}, 59013: {instructions: Bring 2 cups of water, the milk and a very large pinch of salt to a boil in a medium saucepan. Reduce the heat so the liquid is at a low simmer, and add the cornmeal in a slow and steady stream, constantly whisking to prevent lumps. Cook the polenta at a low simmer, stirring occasionally, for 15 minutes if the mixture gets too thick, add water 12 cup at a time.nRemove from the heat, stir in the butter and olive oil and then stir in the Cheddar. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper.nServe immediately in mini cups, topped with chopped herbs, ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, Kosher salt, 1 cup cornmeal 12 cup medium grind, 12 cup fine grind, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup shredded sharp white Cheddar, Freshly ground black pepper, Assorted finely chopped fresh herbs, such as thyme and rosemary, for topping], title: Creamy Cheddar Polenta with Fresh Herbs, picturelink: null}, 59014: {instructions: In a medium bowl, gently toss the cherries with the honey, vinegar, and crushed lemon verbena. Season lightly with salt and pepper and set aside to macerate for 30 minutes.nGenerously brush each slice of bread with the olive oil. Heat a large saute pan over medium heat. Add the bread slices and toast, turning once, until crisp.nDivide the toast among 4 plates. Drain the cherries and reserve the juice. Top the toast with the cherries and drizzle with the reserved juice. Garnish each plate with lemon verbena., ingredients: [1 pint very ripe dark cherries, split in 12 and pitted, 1 pint very ripe white cherries Rainier, split in 12 and pitted, 2 tablespoons rhododendron honey, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 6 sprigs lemon verbena, 2 crushed and 4 for garnish, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 1inch thick slices semolina bread cut from a 2pound loaf, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Fresh Cherries with Semolina Toast and Rhododendron Honey, picturelink: u1OUegWTvcTzIW62VHK54qbp0.AfHO}, 59015: {instructions: Season chicken on both sides with salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a 10inch nonstick pan over medium high. Add the garlic and cook until the garlic begins to turn golden, about 1 minute. Do not let the garlic burn, keep moving it around. Place the chicken on top of the garlic and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes. Turn the chicken over and add the orange juice and thyme. Cook until the chicken is cooked through and the orange juice is slightly reduced, about 2 to 3 more minutes. Remove the chicken from the pan and place on a cutting board. Reduce the orange juice more at this time, if necessary.nSlice chicken into thin strips. Pour sauce over chicken. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 8ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, lightly pounded, Coarse salt and cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 4 garlic cloves thinly sliced, 12 cup orange juice, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves], title: Chicken with Quick Citrus Pan Gravy, picturelink: null}, 59016: {instructions: In a small food processor minichopper, combine the garlic and ginger and puree to a paste.nHeat the oil in a stew pot or Dutch Oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the cloves, cardamom, allspice, cinnamon stick, and bay leaf and cook, stirring constantly, until dark and fragrant and the cinnamon stick unfurls, about 30 seconds. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the garlicginger paste, curry powder, and jalapeno and cook, stirring, until lightly browned and fragrant, about 1 minute.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. Add the tomato and chicken and cook, stirring, until the oil begin to separate and there is a distinctive crackling sound as the ingredients refry in the oil, about 6 minutes. Continue to cook, stirring, until the chicken is lightly browned, about 7 minutes more.nAdd the water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to maintain a simmer, cover, and stew for 15 minutes. Uncover and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the chicken is cooked through and tender and the liquid thickens into a sauce, about 30 minutes more. Transfer chicken curry to a serving bowl and serve with rice and chutney., ingredients: [5 cloves garlic, One 3inch chunk peeled, fresh ginger, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 heaping teaspoon whole cloves, 10 green cardamom pods, 8 whole allspice, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half, 1 bay leaf, 1 medium yellow onion, 2 teaspoons Madrasstyle curry powder, 12 jalapeno, or more to taste, 3 pounds mixed skinless, bonein chicken thighs and drumsticks separated, 12 cup whole, peeled, canned tomatoes with puree, roughly chopped, 2 cups cold water, Serving suggestion: Basmati rice and chutney], title: Chicken Curry, picturelink: null}, 59017: {instructions: In a nonreactive saucepan on low heat, mix teas, cream, milk and vanilla beanspods and bring to a simmer. Simmer for 20 minutes then take off stove and let steep an additional 30 minutes. Strain infused liquid and reheat with the honey to a simmer. In a stainless steel bowl whisk together the 10 yolks, cornstarch and 14 cup of sugar. Temper the yolks by adding only a ladle of hot infused cream to the yolks. Mix well then add tempered mixture back to the saucepan. On medium heat, whisk constantly until it thickens then cook an additional 3 to 5 minutes. A pastry cream texture should be achieved. Transfer base to a baking dish, seal with plastic wrap and place in refrigerator. Base can be made 24 hours in advance.nPreheat a sheet tray in a 375degree oven. Whisk the egg whites with 1tablespoon of sugar in an upright mixer equipped with a whip attachment on slow. In about 8 to10 minutes soft peaks will be achieved. Add the rest of the sugar and whip at high speed for two 5 second bursts. In a large stainless bowl, hand whisk the chilled infused cream base until smooth. Using a spatula, gently fold in the egg whites. Work quickly, but do not over mix. The base needs to be one homogenous color. Fill ramekins to the top. Drop each one from a height of 3 inches onto the counter to disperse any unwanted bubbles. Place on heated sheet tray and bake for 12 minutes. After 6 minutes the souffles will start rising. Check the rising souffles to see if any edges are getting caught on the rims of the ramekins if necessary open the oven door and carefully slice the sticking part with a paring knife you wont ruin the souffles if you work fast. The souffles will straighten themselves out. When the sides of the souffle are golden brown the key to a souffle not falling is the crusty, golden brown sides, pull out of the oven and dust the tops with confectioners sugar. Serve immediately with a scoop of lemon grass ice cream.nIn a nonreactive saucepan, simmer milk with lemon grass and reduce by 13 percent. If theres enough time let the lemon grass steep in the milk overnight. Strain out lemon grass and heat with sugar and vanilla beanpod. Bring to scalding. Hand whisk the yolks in a stainless steel bowl. Temper the yolks by adding only a ladle of hot milk to the yolks. Mix well then add tempered yolks back to the sauce pan. Whisk constantly on medium heat for 2 minutes. Strain and cool in an ice bath. When mixture is cooled add heavy cream. Follow manufacturers instructions for your particular ice cream maker. Place in freezer before serving.nPLATING:nPlace souffle on plate. Cut an opening in the top of the souffle and put a scoop of ice cream inside.nWine Suggestion: Bonny Doon Muscat de Glaciere, ingredients: [12 cup loose jasmine tea leaves, 14 cup loose oolong tea leaves, 1 cup milk, 3 cups heavy cream, 2 Tahitian vanilla beans, split lengthwise and scraped, 12 cup honey, 10 eggs, separated, 12 cup cornstarch, 12 cup sugar 14 cup for yolks, 14 cup for whites, 6 to 8 buttered and sugared 6 ounce ramekins, 3 cups milk, reduced with lemongrass to 2 cups yield, 4 stalks chopped lemongrass, white part only, 12 pound sugar, 1 Tahitian vanilla bean, split lengthwise and scraped, 34 cup egg yolks, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Jasmine Tea Souffle with Lemon Grass Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 59018: {instructions: Whisk 2 or 3 minced garlic cloves with 2 egg yolks. Gradually whisk in 1 12 cups olive oil. Add lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste thin with water as needed. Serve with crudites.nOlive AiolinMake Aioli. Stir in 3 tablespoons storebought olive tapenade.nOrangeSaffron AiolinMake Aioli with orange juice instead of lemon. Steep 12 teaspoon saffron in 2 tablespoons Pernod for 5 minutes, then add to the aiolinSee all 50 GameDay DipsnPhotographs by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Aioli, picturelink: KD7co2PNbwmZJ8tUxXowjO.dQ9ZeRC}, 59019: {instructions: Place parsnips in a saucepan and cover with water. Simmer until the parsnips are soft, about 1 12 hours. The reduction of liquid will result in flavor intensity. Pass through a strainer, discard the solids, and season with salt.nFor each serving place two or three pieces of maitake mushrooms, and a few sprigs of epazote into a small saucepan. Cover with the hot parsnip broth, and simmer for 3 minutes. Finish with 4 or 5 fava beans and a tablespoon of olive oil. Simmer for 1 minute. Remove the epazote and discard.nTo serve, place in a small serving bowl, and garnish with a fresh sprig of epazote.nnThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 12 pounds parsnips, cleaned and brunoise, 2 quarts water, Sea salt, 12 pound maitake mushrooms, diced, 4 tablespoons epazote sprigs, Mexican herb, 12 cup peeled and blanched fava beans, 14 cup Spanish extravirgin olive oil], title: Poached Maitake Mushrooms and Fava Beans in Parsnip Broth with Spanish Olive Oil and Epazote, picturelink: null}, 59020: {instructions: Add vodka and saki to a cocktail shaker, stir, strain into martini glass, garnish with cucumber slice., ingredients: [3 ounces vodka, 14ounce saki, Cucumber slice], title: Sakitini, picturelink: null}, 59021: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the chili powder, dried oregano, smoked paprika and cayenne pepper. Mix until well combined. Sprinkle over the boiled peanuts., ingredients: [1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cups storebought boiled peanuts, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon chili powder], title: Mexican Spiced Boiled Peanuts, picturelink: ND5U6Ri2GYc2yEFxN.t0x73LWgiEXNa}, 59022: {instructions: Puru00e9e all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Pour into tall glass and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup 250 ml green California grapes, rinsed, 12 cup 125 ml cold water, 12 cup 125 ml diced pineapple use fresh, canned or frozen, 12 cup 125 ml ice cubes, 1 tsp 5 ml sweetened green tea powder optional], title: Grape and Green Tea Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 59023: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 475 degrees F. Spray 2 baking sheets with cooking spray. Finely grate the parmesan and thinly slice the mozzarella.nCut the pizza dough into 4 pieces. Sprinkle a work surface with the cornmeal and use a rolling pin andor your hands to stretch each piece of dough into a rectangle about 5 by 11 inches place 2 rectangles on each baking sheet.nBrush the dough with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil, then distribute 4 tablespoonsize dollops of the ricotta onto each rectangle. Scatter with the mozzarella slices, then sprinkle evenly with the grated parmesan and 14 teaspoon pepper.nBake until the cheese is melted and the dough is browned, about 12 minutes.nWhile the pizzas are cooking, thinly slice the radicchio and endive and halve the tomatoes. Toss in a large bowl with the arugula, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and the balsamic vinegar. Top each pizza with about 1 12 cups salad. Serve immediately.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Cooking spray, 1 ounce parmesan cheese 13 cup grated, 2 ounces partskim mozzarella cheese, 34 pound storebought wholewheat pizza dough, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon cornmeal, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup partskim ricotta cheese, Freshly ground pepper, 1 small head radicchio, 2 heads endive, 1 cup grape tomatoes, 4 cups baby arugula, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar], title: Tricolor Salad Pizzas, picturelink: W2bFR1Yz9hahH3nuTbUrxekNpLb5Rcu}, 59024: {instructions: Special equipment: three 9inch cake pans a candy thermometernFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter three 9inch cake pans and dust with cocoa powder, shaking off the excess.nMix the chocolate into the hot coffee in a medium bowl and stir to melt. Set aside to cool completely.nIn another bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and baking powder. Set aside.nCombine the sugar, oil, salt and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed, 3 to 5 minutes. This batter is fluid and tends to get lumps mix carefully with the paddle, or even use the whisk attachment on low speed to avoid lumps. With the mixer on low speed, add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Scrape the bowl and continue mixing on mediumlow speed until fully incorporated, 2 to 3 minutes. Dont worry about overmixing at this stage you need to make sure the batter base is fully mixed.nStir the buttermilk into the coffee mixture. In alternating batches, add the flour and buttermilk mixtures to the batter base. Mix until just combined, being careful not to overmix. The batter should be thick but fluid. Stir or mix by hand to get rid of any lumps strain if you feel compelled.nDivide the batter among the prepared cake pans. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean or with just a few crumbs, 20 to 30 minutes. Let cool completely.nFor the toffee: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nCombine the butter, sugar and salt in a heavybottom saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Heat over mediumhigh heat to 300 degrees F the hard crack stage, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla extract. Pour over the prepared baking sheet and let cool completely. Break into small pieces, then process into a powder using a food processor or coffee grinder.nFor the buttercream: Combine 339 grams of the sugar, the water, corn syrup and salt in a heavy saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Heat over mediumlow heat until the sugar dissolves. Increase the heat to medium, being careful not to let the flames go up the sides of the saucepan. The target temperature for the syrup is 250 degrees F.nMeanwhile, combine the egg whites and cream of tartar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. When the syrup has reached 230 degrees F, run the mixer on medium speed until the egg whites get frothy. Sprinkle the remaining 30 grams sugar into the egg whites and continue to whip on medium speed. The egg whites should increases in size and form soft peaks by the time syrup reaches 250 degrees F. Once the syrup reaches 250 degrees F, increase the mixer to high speed and carefully pour the hot syrup down the side of the bowl, being sure not to hit the whip. Whip the mixture until it has cooled to room temperature, 5 to 10 minutes.nReplace the whisk with the paddle attachment. Gradually beat in the butter, a few cubes at a time, on mediumlow speed. Mix until the buttercream comes together, then mix in the vanilla bean paste.nMix 3 to 4 ounces of the powdered toffee into 1 cup of the buttercream and set aside.nFor the chocolate feuilletine crunch: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nMelt the dark chocolate and milk chocolate in a double boiler. Remove from the heat and mix in the feuilletine. Spread on the prepared baking sheet and let cool. Crumble into bitesize pieces. Set aside.nTo assemble the cake: Set one cake layer on a serving plate. Spread with a thin, even layer about 14 inch of the buttercream, then spread with a thin, even layer 18 to 14 inch of the toffeebuttercream mixture. Top with feuilletine crunch. Repeat with the remaining layers. Cover the cake with the remaining buttercream., ingredients: [Unsalted butter, for greasing, 125 grams about 1 cup awesomequality unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for dusting, 90 grams dark chocolate, chopped, 360 milliliters about 1 12 cups hot coffee, 310 grams about 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 10 grams 2 teaspoons baking soda, 5 grams 1 teaspoon baking powder, 600 grams about 3 cups sugar, 180 milliliters about 34 cup vegetable oil, 6 grams 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 5 milliliters 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 3 large eggs, 360 milliliters about 1 12 cups buttermilk, 2 cups 4 sticks unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Italian Meringue Buttercream:, 369 grams about 1 34 cups sugar, 125 grams about 12 cup water, 20 grams about 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, Pinch kosher salt, 170 grams egg whites, Pinch cream of tartar, 452 to 565 grams 4 to 5 sticks unsalted butter, cubed, at cool room temperature, 2 tablespoons vanilla bean paste, Chocolate Feuilletine Crunch:, 4 ounces greatquality dark chocolate, 4 ounces greatquality milk chocolate, 2 to 4 ounces feuilletine flakes], title: Dark Chocolate Cake, picturelink: Ncu0CIoNexFp8FrTgQpkkPuBpnnD.56}, 59025: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Line rimmed baking sheet with foil.nCOMBINE butter, peanut butter, vanilla and cinnamon in a microwavesafe bowl. Microwave on HIGH 100 power 35 to 45 seconds, stirring until well blended.nCOMBINE cereal, mixed nuts and pretzels in large bowl. Pour butter mixture over cereal mixture. Toss well to coat. Spread mixture evenly on foiled baking sheet.nBAKE 10 to 12 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cool. Sprinkle lightly with cayenne pepper, if desired. Toss. Store in resealable food storage bag., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 14 cup Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter or Jifu00ae Creamy Peanut Butter  Honey, 1 tsp. vanilla extract, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 4 cups honey and nut breakfast cereal, 1 cup mixed nuts, 1 cup mini pretzels, Cayenne pepper, to taste optional], title: Nutty Snack Mix, picturelink: OQjL2nyfaMvuOEHUqabuIFvXxJobke}, 59026: {instructions: To prepare the vinaigrette, in a food processor, blend the carrots, zucchini, Dijon, apple cider vinegar, balsamic vinegar and salt until smooth. Next, slowly add the oil to emulsify, and then remove from the blender. Next, in a bowl, blend the pasta and half of the vinaigrette. Toss and add additional vinaigrette if desired. Once the pasta is thoroughly dressed, place on a serving dish, finish with Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [12 cup diced raw carrot, 12 cup sliced raw zucchini, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 12 cup grapeseed oil, 1 pound cooked pasta of choice, 14 cup grated Parmesan], title: Vegetable Vinaigrette Pasta Salad, picturelink: 6X3BsLTobQIx.p614e3Akiwc7RovWC}, 59027: {instructions: SLICE loaf of bread in half lengthwise. Open up both halves.nSPREAD Ranch dressing evenly on both sides of bread. Divide sliced turkey on each side of bread, then top with cheese.nPLACE both halves of sandwich on broiler pan. Place under broiler and heat on High for 1 to 2 minutes or until cheese has melted.nREMOVE from oven. Divide banana peppers and spinach leaves on top of cut halves.nTOP with Sabra guacamole. Put halves together and slice into serving size pieces., ingredients: [1 12ounce loaf favorite bread Asiago cheese, olive, herb, etc., 2 tablespoons Ranch dressing, 6ounces thinly sliced smoked turkey, 2ounces sliced Pepper Jack cheese, 14 cup 1ounce sliced banana peppers, 1 cup baby spinach leaves, 14 to 12 cup or more Sabra Guacamole any flavor, Pepper Jack cheese can be 4 slices, 12ounce each], title: Smoked Turkey Sandwich with Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 59028: {instructions: Special equipment: Finemesh grill basket or allmetal strainernPreheat a gas grill to high or ignite the charcoal. When the grill is hot, clean your grill rack. Decrease the temperature to mediumhigh for a gas grill only and brush or wipe a little oil on the grill rack.nDivide the ground beef into two equal portions. Line a 9inchround cake tin with plastic wrap. Gently push half the beef into the tin. Dont press too hard. Place another sheet of plastic wrap on a work surface and invert the tin so the shaped beef patty pops out onto the plastic wrap. Line the cake tin with plastic wrap again. Gently push the remaining half the beef into the tin and keep it in the tin for the moment.nSprinkle the top of each patty with the salt and pepper. Spoon the cheese onto the patty still in the tin. Spread the cheese to cover the meat, but leave about 12inch margin uncovered around the edge. Use the plastic wraplining to remove the patty from the tin and flip it onto the noncheese patty. You want the seasoned sides of the meat facing together, with the cheese sandwiched between. Lightly press the 2 patties together all around the edge. Sprinkle the top of the burger with salt and pepper.nWipe a pizza peel with a little oil and transfer the burger to the grill using the peel. Close the grill lid and cook until the bottom of the patty shows grill marks, 8 to 9 minutes. Spritz a little nonstick spray on top of the burger, then flip and cook, 8 to 9 minutes. Gently transfer the cooked burger to a large platter and let rest, about 15 minutes.nHalve the bread straight across horizontally so it forms a bun. If you like, you can toast both halves lightly on the grill. Transfer the burger onto the bottom half of the bread. Spoon on the Grilled Bing CherryWhite Balsamic Sauce and close the burger with the top half of the bread. Slice the burger into 6 wedges, as if you were cutting a pizza, and serve.nA fresh grind is just as important. Choose chuck steaks from your butchers and ask them to grind the meat while you wait, the same day you plan to cook them if possible. Even your local supermarket butcher will be happy to do this for you.nSummer fruit, when given a quick turn on the grill, gets a smoky, sultry tang that works well with goat cheese on a burger. This also works well as a topping for a turkey burger, chicken breast or a grilled pork chop or pork loin.nDark red Bing cherries are beautiful in this sauce but you can also use a combination of cherries with apricots, peaches or any stone fruit. I like to grill cherries and then pit them you lose less juice that way. For stone fruit, cut the fruit in half, remove the pit, give the fruit a light rub of olive oil on both sides and then grill, about 2 minutes each side.nPreheat a gas grill or charcoal grill to mediumhot heat. A charcoal grill will glow red under gray ash when at this temperature. Alternatively, grill the cherries in a hot grill pan over high heat on the stove. Pour the cherries into a finemesh grill basket or allmetal strainer, and place the basket over the grill. Cook until bright and smoky, but not charred, about 4 minutes. Give the basket a good shake every 20 to 30 seconds, so the cherries heat through. After 3 minutes, taste a cherry to see if its smoky enough. Take the basket off the heat and let the cherries cool, about 5 minutes.nHalve the cherries over a bowl, reserving all the cherry juice you can. Discard the pits. Melt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a large saucepan or skillet, either on the grill or the stove. When the butter is foaming, add the shallots and stir. Cook the shallots until they begin to show some color, about 2 minutes. Stir in the vinegar and brown sugar. Add the cherries to the saucepan with any reserved juice. Cook until just slightly syrupy, about 3 minutes. Add the salt and pepper, taste, and add more seasoning if you like.nThis can be stored in the fridge, tightly covered, for 3 to 4 days. Yield: about 2 cups., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, 3 12 pounds ground beef, 1 teaspoon coarse sea salt, preferably gray salt, plus more for sprinkling, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more for sprinkling, 6 ounces soft, fresh goat cheese, at room temperature, such as Laura Chenels, Nonstick spray, for spritzing, One 16ounce round loaf country bread, Grilled Bing CherryWhite Balsamic Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups whole Bing cherries, stemmed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons finely chopped shallots, 6 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 14 teaspoon coarse sea salt, preferably gray salt, Pinch freshly ground black pepper], title: ThreePound Beef Burger for Six on Country Bread, picturelink: WfuWPodWLH9oBPd6F3u5bMZh6yRE2}, 59029: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nFor the spicy glaze: Whisk together the gochujang, honey and soy in a small bowl set aside.nFor the meatloaf: Heat the canola oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the ginger, red chile flakes and garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Add the kimchee and toss to combine. Remove to a plate and let cool for 10 minutes.nWhisk together the fish sauce, soy sauce, sesame oil and eggs in a large bowl. Add the kimchee mixture and mix to combine. Add the beef and pork and gently mix to combine.nPut the mixture on the prepared baking sheet and form into a loaf about 12 inches long by 6 inches wide by 2 inches thick. Brush the top with the spicy glaze and bake until golden brown and the internal temperature registers 155 degrees F on a meat thermometer, about 1 hour. Loosely tent with foil and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nFor the fried shallots: Put the canola oil in a small saucepan and heat until it registers 360 degrees F on a deepfry thermometer.nWhisk together the flour and 12 cup water and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the shallots in the batter, transfer to the oil with a slotted spoon and fry until crisp and golden brown. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels and season with salt.nFor the shiitake mushroom salad: Heat the canola oil in a large saute pan over high heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the mushrooms and cook until golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the mushrooms to a bowl, add the cilantro, soy sauce, sesame oil, green onions and lime juice and mix to combine.nFor the fried eggs: Melt 2 tablespoons of butter over medium heat in a medium nonstick saute pan. Crack 2 eggs at a time into the pan, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook until the whites are set and the yellows are partially set. Gently flip over and cook for 30 seconds longer. Repeat with the remaining eggs, adding more butter as needed.nSlice the meatloaf into 1 14inch slices, put on individual plates and top each slice with a fried egg, fried shallots and cilantro leaves. Serve with the shiitake mushroom salad on the side., ingredients: [14 cup gochujang, 1 tablespoon clover honey, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup prepared kimchee, drained well and chopped, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 large eggs, 12 ounces ground chuck 8020, 12 ounces ground pork 8020, 1 cup canola oil, 12 cup rice flour, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 large shallots, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 5 large shiitake mushrooms, stems removed and caps coarsely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 large green onions, dark green and pale green parts, thinly sliced, Juice of 1 lime, Unsalted butter, for frying eggs, 8 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Fresh cilantro leaves, for serving], title: Meatloaf with Kimchee and Spicy Glaze, picturelink: u75i59pdk4eSrdTEllGruBgafW1VKuu}, 59030: {instructions: Roll 1 sheet thawed frozen puff pastry into a 12inch square on a floured surface cut into three 4inchwide strips. Spread with cookie butter speculoos. Brush the edges with beaten egg and fold in half lengthwise press to seal. Cut each crosswise into 4 pieces. Place on a parchmentlined baking sheet cut three slits along the sealed edge of each. Brush with beaten egg, then press slivered almonds into the pastry for claws sprinkle with turbinado sugar. Freeze 10 minutes. Bake at 400 degrees F until golden, about 25 minutes., ingredients: [], title: Sweet Wildcat Claws, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 59031: {instructions: Rinse meat to remove residue and pat dry with paper towels. Prepare a rub by combining cayenne, paprika, chili powder, fajita seasoning, and Smokey Rotisserie seasoning in a small bowl. Squeeze lemon juice into bowl to make a paste and rub over entire surface of prime rib.nFollow manufacturers instructions for the smoker. General rule of thumb is to maintain a temperature range of 255 to 300 degrees F indirect heat, and smoke for 1 to 1 12 hours per pound of meat.nBeat heavy cream with an electric beater until stiff peaks form. Squeeze in lemon juice, 12 of lemon at a time, and beat in until incorporated. Then gradually beat in horseradish and salt and pepper. Chill for about an hour before serving.nSlice down prime rib and serve with horseradish cream., ingredients: [1 7 to 9 pound 4rib beef rib roast prime rib, trimmed, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons fajita seasoning, 2 tablespoons Irvine Spice Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning, 1 fresh lemon, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 fresh lemon, halved and seeds removed, 14 cup prepared horseradish, 12 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon white pepper], title: Smoked Prime Rib with Horseradish Cream, picturelink: MJaqssfxtmjvu8iObdi01hbJYIKdQXG}, 59032: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9 by 13inch baking dish with olive oil or nonstick pan spray. Mix the oats, sunflower seeds, coconut, brown sugar, cinnamon, and salt in a large bowl.nIn another medium bowl, stir together the coconut oil, yogurt, almond butter, and honey. Add the yogurt mixture to the oat mixture and mix until the two are thoroughly combined. Stir in the protein powder, almonds, and cranberries. The mixture will be sticky.nSpread the mixture into the prepared dish and bake for 15 minutes. Take the pan out of the oven and let the mixture cool slightly, then slice it crosswise into 10 bars. Carefully remove the bars from the baking dish and use a spatula to transfer them to a parchment paperlined rimmed baking sheet.nBake until the bars start to turn golden, about 15 minutes longer. Remove the baking sheet from the oven, transfer the bars to a wire rack, and cool completely. Wrap in aluminum foil or plastic wrap and refrigerate for up to 1 week., ingredients: [Olive oil mister or nonstick pan spray, 1 12 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 tablespoons sunflower seeds, 3 tablespoons unsweetened shredded coconut, 2 tablespoons lightly packed light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 tablespoons coconut oil if solid, microwaved until melted, 12 cup plain reducedfat Greek yogurt, 13 cup almond butter, 2 tablespoons honey, 12 cup vanilla or chocolateflavored whey protein powder, 3 tablespoons roasted almonds, roughly chopped, 14 cup dried cranberries], title: dArabian Family Protein Bars, picturelink: fW3V6R5y1ayqkEMw1PEJIqIDvX8XcNG}, 59033: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the broccoli into florets. Blanch in boiling salted water until barely tender, about 20 seconds. Shock them in a bowl of ice. Drain and reserve.nCombine all other ingredients, mixing well. Fold in the broccoli. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, cooked crisply and crumbled, 2 broccoli heads or 8 cups, 12 red onion, sliced very thin, 23 cup sharp cheddar cheese, grated, 13 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup sour cream, 14 teaspoon celery seed, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Broccoli Salad, picturelink: ut0kjMPV5ulzbT3EX7AO7qNKwquBIiu}, 59034: {instructions: Place the clams, salt and cornmeal in a bowl and completely cover with cold water. Let them soak and purge for 1 hour. Drain, rinse and set aside. In a hot saute pan, coat lightly with oil and saute half of the garlic and ginger. Add the zucchinis and caramelize, about 3 minutes. Remove from pan and add drained clams.nDeglaze with half of the wine and shaoxing and cover. Add a little water if needed if clams do not fully open. Once clams are open, set aside. discard any that do not open. Keep liquid. Wipe pan out and coat with oil on high heat. Season the pork brisket with salt and paprika and brown on all sides. Add onions and caramelize. Add black beans.nDeglaze with remaining shaoxing and wine and reduce by 50 percent. Add chicken stock and half of the reserved clam juice. Check for seasoning and add more clam juice if necessary. Bring to a simmer and reduce by 60 percent. Check again for seasoning and add zucchinis and clams. Add lemon juice and whisk in butter. Check one more time for flavor. While the sauce is reducing, season the pork tenderloin with salt and pepper and sear in a hot, oiled pan. Brown well on all sides and finish in a 375 degree oven until medium, about 10 minutes.nFor the potatoes, heat the curry oil to 375 degrees and first blanch the potatoes until lightly brown. This can and should be done in advance. Right before serving, fry again, this time until golden brown, drain well, season with salt, and toss with cilantro. frying it twice produces a very crisp product.nPLATING Using an oring in the center of the plate, fill with the pork sauce. Top with fried potatoes. Cut each pork tenderloin into 3 equal pieces and surround ring. Pull ring off and serve.nMake a paste with curry powder, water salt and slowly add oil. Let stand for 1 hour to settle. Use top, yellow oil for garnish or frying., ingredients: [15 littleneck clams plus a few extra in case some dont open, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup corn meal, 1 12 tablespoons garlic, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup green zucchini, 14inch dice, 12 cup yellow zucchini, 14inch dice, 2 pounds pork brisket, 12inch dice, 2 tablespoons paprika, 12 cup medium diced onions, 2 tablespoons Chinese black beans, rinsed, drained and chopped, 12 cup shaoxing wine, 1 cup white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, 2 lemons, juiced, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 12 cups Idaho potatoes, 14inch dice square off the potato, no peeling necessary, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 2 cups curry oil, to fry, 2 pounds pork tenderloin, cut into 8ounce portions, Canola oil, to cook, Salt and black pepper, to taste, 12 cup curry powder, Water, to make runny paste, Pinch salt, 2 cups canola oil], title: East Meets Portugal Alentejana  Pork and Clams East Meets West Style, picturelink: null}, 59035: {instructions: Combine the white wine and blood orange soda in a large pitcher or drink dispenser. Stir in the orange juice, orange slices and blueberries. Serve over ice., ingredients: [One 750ml bottle crisp white wine, such as a Sancerre, One 24 12ounce bottle Italian blood orange soda, 1 14 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 1 blood orange, sliced, 1 cup blueberries, washed], title: Blood Orange Soda Sangria, picturelink: C03gYk4ZJYAgg7ibzYWWjkxkqbiNV2}, 59036: {instructions: For the berry butters: In separate batches, whip 2 sticks butter on high in the bowl of a stand mixer using the whisk attachment. Switch to the paddle attachment. Add the blackberries. Turn the mixer to low for only about 5 seconds, just long enough for the berries to begin to mix in and break up, but not so long that it turns into a mess. Clean the mixer bowl and attachments and repeat with the remaining 2 sticks butter and the raspberries.nWith each batch, turn the berry butter out onto a long sheet of plastic wrap set over a long sheet of foil. First seal the plastic wrap around the cylinder, and then secure the foil around it. Twist the ends, gradually applying more pressure as you twist in order to make the cylinder taut. Once its a nice, neat cylinder of foil, place into the freezer for 30 minutes in order to quickly solidify it. Then transfer to the fridge until youre ready to use. The butter should be very firm.nFor the French toast: Cut the bread into slices 12inch thick. In a dish, whisk the egg yolks with the halfandhalf, sugar, vanilla and lemon zest. Dip the bread slices in the egg mixture, coating both sides. Then remove from the dish and set aside. Repeat until all the bread is coated.nHeat a castiron skillet or griddle over medium heat. Sizzle some butter in the skillet when hot. Cook the French toast on both sides until golden brown, being careful not to burn. Remove the berry butters from the fridge. Unwrap one end and cut some slices. Lay one slice onto each serving of French toast. Sprinkle with powdered sugar if desired, and then drizzle with maple syrup., ingredients: [1 pound 4 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup blackberries, 12 cup raspberries, 1 loaf crusty bread, such as baguette, French loaf, etc., 4 whole egg yolks, 2 cups halfandhalf, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, Zest of 1 lemon, Butter, for frying, Sifted powdered sugar, for serving, optional, Maple syrup, warm, for serving], title: French Toast with Berry Butters, picturelink: .6mpajpvhIbxeOD6qdN4ITaVZvOqStW}, 59037: {instructions: Special equipment: 9inch cake pannPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Butter the cake pan.nToast the nuts and let them cool completely.nIn a food processor, grind the nuts with the sugar until very fine.nUsing a handheld mixer, cream the butter then add the sugar mixture. Add the eggs and mix. Add the sour cream and vanilla and stir. Mix in the banana puree. Stir in the flour, baking powder, and salt to make a smooth batter.nTo bake, cover the bottom of the cake pan with some of the warmed hazelnut schmear microwave 40 seconds or so. Fan some banana slices over it and spoon in the batter.nBake until just set, about 35 to 40 minutes. Keep warm in a low oven and turn it out at the last minute.nMelt the butter. Remove from the heat and whisk in the brown sugar and the nuts. Store in the refrigerator., ingredients: [13 pound hazelnuts, 1 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, 2 eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 cup banana puree, from 1 or 2 bananas, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, Hazelnut schmear, recipe follows, Whole bananas, 34 cup butter, 12 pound dark brown sugar, 12 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts], title: Upsidedown Hazelnut Banana Cake, picturelink: 4k0PeZw7J8pCUudGN.annlSEZR1yIQq}, 59038: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a nonstick pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the sausage and peppers and cook until sausage starts to brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the chopped onions and cook, stirring, until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and tomatoes and cook until tomatoes release their juices, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs and scallions and fold together gently with a rubber spatula. When well blended, season with salt and pepper and serve hot., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound Loukanika sausage, large dice, 1 medium red pepper, small dice, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 12 pound plum tomatoes, chopped, 4 eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Loukanika with Sausage, Pepper and Eggs, picturelink: null}, 59039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut each naan bread into 8 wedges using a knife or pizza cutter. Arrange them all on a baking sheet. Brush both sides of the wedges with olive oil. Sprinkle both sides generously with the salt.nBake until theyre golden brown and crisp, 15 to 18 minutes., ingredients: [2 naan breads, 12 cup olive oil, Kosher salt], title: Salted Naan Wedges, picturelink: 3pyVOrz1YUMy0QEWLumQTvRN99MO0QC}, 59040: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two standard muffin pans with 24 cupcake liners.nFor the salted caramel: Combine the sugar, 13 cup water and the corn syrup in a small saucepan. Stir with a wooden spoon and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Simmer, swirling the pot occasionally, until the mixture is a beautiful amber color watch closely. Once the desired color is reached, immediately add the butter and stir with a wooden spoon until completely incorporated. Remove from the heat. Add the heavy cream and stir to incorporate. Stir in the coarse salt. Pour 12 cup of the salted caramel into a small bowl or measuring cup, and the remainder into another bowl. Cool completely, stirring occasionally. You can speed up the cooling by putting the caramel into the refrigerator, but it must be pourable when you are ready to assemble the cupcakes.nFor the brittle: Butter a small baking sheet and set aside. In a small but deep saucepan, combine the sugar, corn syrup, butter and 2 tablespoons water. Bring to a full boil over high heat, and boil until a candy thermometer reaches 280 degrees F. Remove from the heat and immediately stir in the baking soda, and then the pecans. Pour onto the prepared pan and spread with a rubber spatula. Top with the coconut. Allow to cool. Break the brittle into pieces of desired size.nFor the cupcakes: In a medium bowl, sift together the allpurpose flour, cake flour, baking powder and kosher salt and set aside. Combine the milk and vanilla and set aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Once incorporated, add the eggs, one at a time, at low speed. Be sure to incorporate after each addition, scraping down the sides of the bowl as necessary. Do not over beat. Once incorporated, add the flour mixture and the milk mixture. Alternate with three parts flour and two parts milk, being sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl as necessary we dont want any butter chunks stuck to the bottom. Using a 14cup ice cream scoop, fill each cupcake liner with batter.nBake until a skewer inserted in the center comes out clean, 18 to 20 minutes. Transfer the pans to cooling racks and cool for about 5 minutes, and then transfer the cupcakes to the racks to cool completely before filling and frosting.nWhile the cupcakes are baking, make the buttercream: Combine the sugar and egg whites in the bowl of a stand mixer. Place the bowl over simmering water and whisk continuously until the sugar is melted. Remove from the heat, place under the mixer with a whisk attachment and whisk at mediumhigh speed until soft peaks form and it cools to room temperature. Add the butter and beat until incorporated. With the mixer running, slowly beat in the 12 cup reserved salted caramel until the mixture is homogenous. Set aside at cool room temperature until you are ready to frost the cupcakes.nTo assemble: Use a small serrated knife, core each cupcake about 1 14 inches wide at the top and halfway into the cake. Discard the coresor nibble while you work. Fill each with about 1 tablespoon of the remaining salted caramel. Sprinkle with about 14 teaspoon coarse salt. Frost each cupcake with a generous amount of caramel Swiss buttercream and garnish with crumbled pecan coconut brittle. Eat., ingredients: [1 23 cups sugar, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 stick unsalted butter, cubed, 1 cup heavy cream, at room temperature, 1 12 teaspoons coarse sea salt, 12 stick unsalted butter, cubed, plus more for the pan, 12 cup sugar, 14 cup corn syrup, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 12 cup pecan pieces, 12 cup shredded sweetened coconut, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups cake flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 cup whole milk, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 34 cups sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 5 large egg whites, 2 pounds unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons coarse sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Salted Caramel Cupcakes with Pecan Coconut Brittle Crumble and Caramel Swiss Buttercream, picturelink: KZmERFhrO5bFnOGUUNGFfJgNsCTvc6e}, 59041: {instructions: Fill large saucepan with water and bring to a rolling boil. Salt heavily. Add broccoli rabe. Cook for 30 seconds. Remove and plunge in cold ice bath for 10 seconds. Remove and pat dry.nHeat olive oil and garlic in a large skillet until garlic begins to brown, about 2 minutes. Add broccoli rabe and stir quickly to cook. Lower heat and mix well allowing the broccoli and olive oil to cook together. Add chicken stock and cook until the stock is fully absorbed. Season with salt and pepper and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 bunch broccoli rabe, cleaned and stemmed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces premium extravirgin olive oil, 4 ounces sliced garlic, 4 ounces chicken stock], title: Sauteed Broccoli Rabe, picturelink: null}, 59042: {instructions: Special equipment: A straightsided 3quart tall glass bowl or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars with lidsnPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans out on a rimmed baking sheet, and roast until golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, and roughly chop. Turn the oven up to 425 degrees F.nTransfer the pecans to a medium bowl. Add 13 cup of the vinegar, the mustard, honey, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper, and whisk to combine. Slowly drizzle in the oil, whisking constantly, until blended into a vinaigrette.nSpread the squash out on a rimmed baking sheet, drizzle with 2 tablespoons of the pecan vinaigrette, sprinkle with a large pinch of salt and toss to combine. Roast until the squash is forktender and browned in spots, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool. The squash can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.nMeanwhile, combine the quinoa and 1 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a simmer, cover, adjust the heat to mediumlow and cook until all the water is absorbed and the quinoa is tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Let cool in the pan. The quinoa can be made and refrigerated up to 2 days ahead.nPut the collards in a medium bowl, and add the remaining 3 tablespoons vinegar and 14 teaspoon salt. Rub the vinegar and salt into the collards, and let sit until the greens are tender, about 30 minutes, tossing and massaging again about halfway through.nCombine the goat cheese, parsley and piquante peppers in a small bowl.nUsing a straightsided 3quart tall glass bowl for 1 large salad or four 16ounce widemouth glass jars for 4 individual salads, make a first layer with the quinoa, then add the following in separate layers: half the collard greens, the roasted squash, the goat cheese mixture, the apples, the ham, and the remaining collard greens. Top with the sweet potato chips. The salad, except for the chips, can be put together, covered and refrigerated up to 2 hours ahead top with the chips right before serving.nIf making 1 salad, just before serving, transfer it to a large bowl, toss with the remaining pecan vinaigrette and season with salt and pepper. If making 4 salads, add vinaigrette to each jar, season with salt and pepper, cover with the lid and shake to coat., ingredients: [12 cup pecan halves, 13 cup plus 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound peeled butternut squash chunks about 3 cups, 12 cup red quinoa, rinsed well, 1 bunch collard greens, stems removed and leaves cut into thin ribbons about 8 cups, 4 ounces fresh goat cheese, crumbled, 12 cup fresh parsley leaves, roughly chopped, 6 pickled sweet piquante peppers, such as Peppadews, finely chopped, 1 large crisp apple, chopped, 13 pound delisliced honeybaked ham, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 cups sweet potato chips, slightly crushed], title: Autumn Layered Salad with Butternut Squash and Quinoa, picturelink: CZEgQxREB1XfQA5PGA20p1Sa1SZDliC}, 59043: {instructions: Preheat a grill or an oven broiler.nPlace the lobsters in boiling water for 6 to 8 minutes, 4 minutes for every pound. Make sure not to overcook the lobsters. Split the lobsters in half from head to tail and rinse out the gut material. Lightly brush melted butter on to the meat side of the lobster and broil in the oven meat side up or on a grill, meat side down. Cook the lobsters until lightly browned on the meat side., ingredients: [3 1 12 to 2 pound California Pacific lobsters, 12 cup butter, melted, Wine suggestion: Santa Barbara County Chardonnay], title: Grilled California Lobster, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 59044: {instructions: In a small bowl, mix all of the ingredients together until smooth. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use., ingredients: [1 stick butter, room temperature, 2 heaping tablespoons honey, Pinch salt, Pinch cayenne pepper], title: Honey Whipped Butter, picturelink: bQhnDjuwZ.pI6NLyhFqlWXJXHAGDhG}, 59045: {instructions: Combine the first 5 ingredients. Cut pockets into halibut cheeks, stuff the garlic mixture into the pockets, then drizzle olive oil on the cheeks.nPlace on grill and cook for 3 minutes on each side. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup chopped chives, 12 pound crabmeat, 1 cup cream cheese, Salt and pepper, 10 halibut cheeks, Olive oil, to taste], title: Stuffed Halibut Cheeks, picturelink: c6tA3amvQqsckIel7bMOTKaSJnl4gEO}, 59046: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.n2. Break meat into small pieces, spread in an even layer on a large plate and season generously with 1 teaspoon salt and pepper. Divide meat into 4 even portions gently shape into balls and lightly press to form1inch thick patties.n3. Preheat a large ovenproof skillet large over mediumlow heat for about 2 minutes. Increase heat to mediumhigh and add oil. Place patties in skillet and cook until browned, about 2 minutes. Flip patties over and transfer skillet to oven. Cook to desired doneness: 7 to 8 minutes for mediumrare, 9 to 11 minutes for medium, or 13 to 15 minutes for welldone. Lay a slice of cheese on top of burgers during last few minutes to melt, if desired. Transfer hamburgers to a plate and let rest for 3 to 4 minutes before serving. Assemble hamburgers with condiments and toppings. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground beef sirloin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 soft hamburger buns, split, and toasted, 4 slices cheese, such as Cheddar, American, or Swiss, or crumbled blue cheese, optional, Lettuce leaves, sliced tomato, mustard, ketchup and mayonnaise, for garnish], title: Burgers, picturelink: null}, 59047: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRemove the stems and seeds from the ancho, guajillo and pasilla chiles.nHeat a large skillet preferably cast iron over mediumhigh heat and toast the chiles in batches until they just start to darken and become shiny, 10 to 20 seconds per side. Remove the chiles to a large bowl. When all of the chiles are toasted, pour boiling water over them to cover and let stand until soft, about 30 minutes.nPuree the chiles with the chipotles, adobo sauce and 12 cup soaking water in a blender until smooth. Reserve the remainder of the soaking water.nCook the bacon in a large Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp, then drain on paper towels. Pour off the oil from the skillet and add the vegetable oil.nSprinkle the beef all over with some salt and pepper. Working in batches, brown the beef in the fat over mediumhigh heat, 3 to 4 minutes per batch, and remove to a plate as it browns.nReduce the heat to medium low and add the onions to the drippings in the pan. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are almost tender, about 6 minutes.nAdd the garlic and continue to cook, 2 minutes more. Add the cocoa, cumin, oregano and paprika and stir to coat the onion, about 1 minute. Increase the heat to high and add the chile puree. Cook until slightly thickened, 2 to 3 minutes.nAdd the stout, bring to a boil and boil until reduced by about a quarter, about 3 minutes. Add the beef and bacon. Pour in the stock and add enough reserved chile soaking water or additional water about 2 cups, to cover the meat by about 1 inch. Set the cover ajar and simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, until the meat is tender, 3 12 to 4 hours.nServe the chili in bowls garnished with onion, scallions, sour cream and cilantro., ingredients: [4 dried ancho chiles, 4 dried guajillo chiles, 4 dried pasilla chiles, 2 chipotle chiles in adobo plus 2 tablespoons sauce, 8 ounces thick sliced bacon, chopped, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, One 4 to 5pound boneless beef chuck roast, trimmed of excess fat and cut into 1inch chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium onions, chopped, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, preferably Mexican, 2 teaspoons paprika, One 16ounce can chocolate stout, 3 cups lowsodium beef stock, Finely chopped onion, thinly sliced scallions, sour cream and chopped fresh cilantro, for serving], title: TexasStyle Chocolate Stout Chili, picturelink: .x4962MMsb07qWWq9LiDrcxnyS8j5S}, 59048: {instructions: Crust Preparation:nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nCombine shortening, flour and salt. Cut shortening into dry ingredients until peasized balls form. Add cold water and toss with fork until mixture holds together. Cover and chill. Roll out dough and place in 9inch pie plate. Place parchment paper over crust and line with pie beads. Place in oven and bake for 15 minutes. Remove paper and pie beads and continue to bake until crust is golden brown. Remove pie from oven and place paper and beads back in crust to keep crust from shrinking as it cools.nFilling Preparation:nMix sugar, cornstarch and salt in bowl. Set aside. In saucepan, place egg yolks, milk and vanilla bean sliced lengthwise, mix well. Heat over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Remove vanilla bean and extract seeds, placing seeds and pod back into mixture. When mixture is hot not boiling, sift in dry ingredients. Continue to cook, stirring constantly until mixture thickens and bubbles. Lower heat slightly and continue to cook and stir for 3 minutes. Remove from heat and remove vanilla bean pods. Add butter and chocolate. Stir until melted. Add 1 12 cups coconut. Cover with plastic wrap and chill.nWhite Chocolate Mousse Preparation:nPlace 34 cup whipping cream in saucepan. Heat until steaming approximately 165 degrees F. Pour over white chocolate. Whisk until all chocolate is melted. Cool to approximately 130 degrees F. Place whipping cream mixture in mixing bowl. Beat on mediumhigh speed until cream starts to thicken. Increase speed to high and continue to beat until stiff peaks form. Add a large spoonful of whipping cream to chocolate. Fold chocolate mixture into whipped cream.nAssembly:nPlace chilled filling into baked pie shell and top with mousse. Decorate with toasted coconut. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup butter flavored shortening, chilled, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 cup ice cold water, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 6 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 egg yolks, 3 cups milk, 12 vanilla bean, 2 tablespoons butter, 3 ounces white chocolate chips or chopped, 1 12 cups sweetened coconut recommended: Angel Flake, 14 cup dried coconut, toasted, 1 pint heavy whipping cream, plus 34 cup, 1 cup white chocolate chips or chopped], title: White Chocolate Coconut Dream, picturelink: null}, 59049: {instructions: Separate Swiss chard stems from leaves. Chop the stems and set the leaves aside. Saute stems in olive oil until tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Coarsely chop the leaves. Add the garlic, peppers, chard leaves, and soy and cook until tender. Remove from heat and add the lemon juice., ingredients: [10 large Swiss chard stalks and leaves, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 whole medium hot chile, or 14 teaspoon dried red chilies, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice], title: Nancys Garlic Swiss Chard with a Kick, picturelink: null}, 59050: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the spaghetti, cover the pot, and bring it back to a boil. Remove the cover, stir, and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of pasta cooking water. Drain the pasta and set aside. Reserve 1 cup pasta for the Round 2 Recipe Savory Noodle Pie.nWhile the pasta is cooking, place of the bacon into a large skillet over medium heat and cook until crispy, about 8 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, beat the eggs with half the Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nTransfer the bacon to a sheet tray lined with a paper bag reserve 2 strips for the Online Round 2 Recipe Savory Noodle Pie. Chop the remaining 6 pieces and set aside. Remove all but 1 tablespoon fat from the pan and put the pan back on the heat. Add the cooked spaghetti and toss to coat in the bacon fat. Turn off the heat and add the egg mixture. Toss gently to coat the pasta and cook the eggs. Toss in the chopped bacon. If the sauce is too thick, add the pasta water 14 cup at a time until the sauce is smooth and creamy. Serve immediately garnished with the remaining cheese and parsley., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 16ounce package spaghetti, 8 strips bacon, 4 large eggs, room temperature, 12 cup Parmesan, divided, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Spaghetti Carbonara, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 59051: {instructions: Place the berries in a colander and quickly rinse them under running cold water. Pour them on a pan or tray lined with several thicknesses of paper towel to drain for 5 minutes. Hull the strawberries with the point of a stainless steel paring knife, then slice them into a bowl. Sprinkle with the sugar and lemon juice, then set aside, covered at room temperature for an hour or two.nWhip the cream add a couple of tablespoons of sugar, if you like until it holds a soft peak, cover and refrigerate.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees and set rack in the middle level.nIn a food processor combine the selfrising flour and sugar and pulse to mix. Add the butter, cut into 8 to 10 pieces, and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and make a well in the center. With a fork stir in the buttermilk, being careful not to over work the dough. Let the dough stand for a minute or 2 to let the flours absorb the liquid. Flour the work surface and turn the dough out onto it. Fold the dough over on itself 2 or 3 times, until it is smooth and less sticky.nFor a large shortcake, pat the dough into a 9inch disk on parchmentlined cookie sheet. For individual shortcakes, pat the dough into a 6 by 12inch rectangle and cut into 8 3inch biscuits with a sharp, floured round cutter. Transfer to a parchmentlined cookie sheet. Paint the tops with the buttermilk and sprinkle with the sugar. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes, until well risen and golden brown. Check the center of the large shortcake with a toothpick to make sure it has baked through. If the pick emerges with dough clinging to it, lower temperature to 350 degrees and bake another 5 minutes.nSlide the large shortcake onto a platter immediately after it is baked. Use a sharp, serrated knife to slice through the middle, making two layers. Slide the edge of a cookie sheet between the two layers and lift the top layer off. Butter the bottom layer and pour on all but 12 cup of the berries.nSlide the top back on and pour the remaining berries on the top. Split the small shortcakes in the same way and place the bottoms on individual dessert plates. Butter them and top with about 13 cup berry mixture. Replace tops and pour a tablespoon or so on the top. Serve immediately, passing the cream in a bowl for the guests to help themselves., ingredients: [1 quart strawberries, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 2 cups self rising cake flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 stick unsalted butter, 23 to 34 cup buttermilk, milk or heavy cream, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, 2 tablespoons soft butter], title: Old Fashioned Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 59052: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9 12inch deepdish pie pan pie weights, uncooked rice or dried beansnFor the crust: Position the oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Coat the bottom and sides of a 9 12inch deepdish pie pan with nonstick cooking spray.nRoll the pie dough out, if needed, into a 10inch round on a lightlyfloured surface or between two pieces of floured parchment paper. If the dough gets too warm, refrigerate it to firm up. Ease the dough into the prepared pie pan. Fold the overhanging dough under itself and crimp the edges as desired. Chill for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, spread the pecans out on a baking sheet and bake until golden and toasted, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool and separate 13 cup coarsely chop the 13 cup pecans for garnish and set aside.nPut the pie pan on a baking sheet and line the chilled pie crust with foil or a large coffee filter and fill with pie weights. Bake until the edges are just barely golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove the foil with weights, then brush the bottom and edges of the dough all over with the egg white and continue baking until the bottom of the crust is also just barely golden, 8 to 10 minutes more. Transfer to a rack and cool completely. Parbake your pie shell up to 1 day in advance.nFor the pecan pie filling: Scatter the remaining 1 cup pecans in the bottom of the cooled pie shell. Whisk the corn syrup, brown sugar, butter, egg and 14 teaspoon salt together in a medium bowl. Pour the egg mixture over the pecans. Bake until just set, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer the pie to a rack until cool to the touch.nFor the apple pie filling: Meanwhile, peel, core and cut the apples into 14inch slices. Toss with the granulated sugar and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Melt the butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat, then add the apples and cook, gently stirring occasionally, until the apples are soft but still hold their shape, about 10 minutes. Stir in the flour and cool completely. Spread the mixture out on a baking sheet in a thin layer to help cool faster.nPile the cooled apple mixture up and around the edge of the cooled pie directly on top of the pecan filling leaving about an 8inch well in the center of the pie.nFor the pumpkin pie filling: Whisk together the pumpkin, heavy cream, granulated sugar, egg and spice in a medium bowl. Pour the filling into the center of the pie directly on top of the pecan filling with the apples as a border.nBake the pie until the pumpkin center is set with just a slight jiggle, 50 minutes to 1 hour. If the crust gets too brown, cover with foil or a pie crust shield. Let the pie cool completely on a rack.nSprinkle the reserved 13 cup chopped pecans around the pie, snug up against the apple filling. Slice and serve with dollops of whipped cream., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 prepared pie dough round, Allpurpose flour for dusting, 1 large egg white, Pecan Pie Filling:, 1 13 cup pecan halves, 12 cup light corn syrup, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 large egg, Fine salt, 3 Granny Smith apples, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, Pumpkin Pie Filling:, 1 cup pure pumpkin puree, 12 cup heavy cream, 13 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, Unsweetened whipped cream, for serving], title: ApplePumpkinPecan Pie, picturelink: MBSfnZ6u3VOaz9O6nTkI14UCdBccxHK}, 59053: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor meatballs: combine lamb, 2 teaspoons of the spice mix, the ground matzoh crackers, 2 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon salt and 34 cup feta cheese. Mix until combined but do not overmix. Divide into 16 equal portions shape into meatballs. Place meatballs on rack over cookie sheet so grease will drain from meatballs while cooking bake 20 minutes.nFor sauce: heat olive oil in saucepan over medium heat and add shallots and remaining garlic. Cook until limp and translucent, 2 to 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, remainder of spice mix, cinnamon, pepper, remainder of the salt, chicken stock, and parsley. Bring to boil reduce to a simmer and cook until thick, about 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.nCook pasta according to package directions drain.nTo cooked sauce add sliced green onion, and meatballs stirring gently to coat. Serve meatballs with sauce over pasta and garnish with remaining feta cheese.nIn a blender or coffee grinder pulse coriander, rosemary, thyme, cumin, marjoram, oregano, and onion until a fine consistency., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground lamb, Spice mix, divided, recipe follows, 15 mini unsalted matzoh crackers, ground into crumbs, 5 cloves garlic, minced, divided, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 cup feta cheese, divided, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 shallots, minced, 2 28ounce cans diced tomatoes, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup fat free, lowsodium chicken stock, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 green onions, finely sliced, 12 ounces spaghetti, 1 12 teaspoons coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons granulated onion], title: Mediterranean Pasta with Lamb Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 59054: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. Bake French loaf as directed on can. Cool 5 minutes. Cut ends off loaf cut loaf crosswise into 24 slices, about 12 inch thick. Arrange slices on ungreased cookie sheet. Spray each slice with cooking spray until lightly coated sprinkle with granulated sugar. Return to oven bake 8 to 10 minutes longer or until lightly toasted. Meanwhile, in small bowl, beat cream cheese, almond extract and 14 cup powdered sugar with electric mixer on low speed until well combined. Spread cheese mixture evenly onto toasted bread slices. Top each with 3 or 4 blackberries sprinkle with almonds. With small strainer, sprinkle 3 tablespoons powdered sugar over bruschetta. High Altitude 35006500 ft: No change. To toast almonds, spread on cookie sheet bake at 350 degrees F 5 to 7 minutes or until golden brown, stirring occasionally. Special Touch: Garnish the serving platter with additional blackberries and fresh mint leaves.nContest Name: 42nd BakeOffr Contest Orlando, 2006 Contestant Name: Karen Mack City: Webster State: NY Prize Value: 10,000 Brand New You Category Winner, ingredients: [1 can 11 oz Pillsburyr refrigerated crusty French loaf, Butterflavor cooking spray, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 package 8 oz reducedfat cream cheese Neufchatel, softened, 1 to 2 teaspoons almond extract, 14 cup powdered sugar, 1 bag 10 oz Cascadian Farmr Organic frozen blackberries, thawed, well drained, 13 cup sliced almonds, toasted, coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar], title: BlackberryAlmond Bruschetta, picturelink: null}, 59055: {instructions: Special equipment: 6 aluminum foil muffin cups, about 6oz.nLASAGNA CUPS: Peel the apples, cut into quarters, remove the cores and slice as thin as you can. Crush or grind the spiced caramel brittle into a fine powder by crushing between wax paper with a saute pan. Grease the sides and bottom of the foil cups. Begin layering lasagna by placing two layers of apple slices in each cup. Sprinkle the ground brittle over the apple layers. Repeat the layering by placing apple slices and sprinkling the brittle on top until the cups are full. Finish each cup with a layer of apple. Place the lasagna cups on a baking sheet and bake in a 375 degree oven for 2022 minutes or until a toothpick can be inserted without resistance. Remove the cups from the oven and sprinkle sugar over each one. Turn on the broiler and place the cups back into the oven to brown slightly under the broiler. Remove cups from oven and allow to cool slightly.nSPICED CARAMEL BRITTLE: Place the sugar in a saucepan and heat over moderate heat until it melts and turns to a golden brown caramel. Keeping the pan over the heat, add the butter while stirring constantly and vigorously until it has melted into caramel. Caution: the sugar is extremely hot, do not splash it out of the pan. Add the spices and stir well. Remove from heat pour immediately onto a greased sheet pan. Let the caramel cool and break into pieces.nCARAMEL SAUCE: Combine sugar, water and lemon juice in a thickbottom saucepan. Bring to boil, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Cook the sugar until the caramel stage, it should be golden in color, then remove from the heat and cool for 5 minutes. In another saucepan bring cream to boil. Add about half of the cream to the caramel. Stir and continue adding the cream slowly. Return caramel to the heat and stir until dissolved in the cream. Remove from heat and let cool completely. Stir the milk into the cooled caramel to thin it.nPINE NUT CRUMBLES: Mix all dry ingredients in the bowl and pour in the melted butter. Spread the mixture onto a sheet pan and bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes Let cool, hold to top the dessert.nTO SERVE: Using a paring knife, loosen the edges of each lasagna so that it will come out of the aluminum cup. Place each lasagna mold, sugar side down on the center of a plate. Drizzle each dessert with caramel sauce and sprinkle with pine nut crumbles. Garnish each plate with sauce and crumbles, serve., ingredients: [6 large Granny Smith apples, spiced caramel brittle see following recipe, 14stick butter, softened, 2 Tbs. sugar, 1 cup sugar, 12cup butter, 12tsp. cinnamon, ground, 12tsp. cloves, ground, 14tsp. black pepper, 14tsp. salt, 1 cup sugar, 12cup water, 34tsp. lemon juice, 34cup heavy cream, 12cup milk, 14cup bread flour, 12cup pine nuts, 14cup brown sugar, 14cup butter, melted], title: Spiced Apple Lasagna, picturelink: null}, 59056: {instructions: In large bowl, beat butter with sugar until blended. Beat in egg and almond extract. In separate bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder and salt. Pour over batter and stir until blended. Pat over bottom and 2inches up side of greased 10inch springform pan. Set aside. Toss blueberries with Liqueur and lemon rind. Spread over crust. In bowl, whisk together sour cream, egg yolks, sugar and almond extract. Spread evenly over blueberries. Bake in center of preheated 350 degree oven for 1 14 hours or until crust is golden and crisp. Let cool in pan on rack. Refrigerate for 4 hours or until chilled. Remove side of pan. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [12 cup butter, softened, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 egg, 12 teaspoon almond extract, 1 12 cups flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 5 cups fresh or frozen blueberries if using frozen add 4 teaspoons minute tapioca to the filling, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon rind, 2 cups sour cream, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup sugar], title: Wild Blueberry Flan, picturelink: null}, 59057: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nIn a large baking dish, whisk the lemon juice with the herbs de Provence, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon black pepper. Add the chicken and toss to coat. Marinate the chicken for a few minutes.nRemove the chicken from the marinade and place 1 sage leaf on each piece, and then wrap each in 1 slice prosciutto. Sprinkle with salt and pepper.nHeat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add a few tablespoons olive oil. Dredge 2 chicken breasts in the flour, and then add to the hot oil. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, about 3 minutes on each side. Transfer the chicken to a baking sheet and keep warm in the oven. Repeat with the remaining chicken, adding more olive oil if needed., ingredients: [Juice of 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon herbs de Provence, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded thin, 6 fresh sage leaves, 6 thin slices prosciutto, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 cups allpurpose flour], title: Chicken Saltimbocca, picturelink: F8DvNnfC07jg7tdBsxfN9FaPlTx75f2}, 59058: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and serve immediately or refrigerate until needed., ingredients: [12 cup of plain nonfat yogurt, 12 cup of diced black mission figs, 12 cup diced seedless cucumber, 12 cup diced red onion, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Grated peel of 12 lime], title: Black Mission Fig Yogurt Salad, picturelink: null}, 59059: {instructions: MELTING CHOCOLATE: Chocolate melts best at temperatures between 104 and 113 degrees F 40 degrees C and 45 degrees C. Never melt chocolate directly over a heat source. Use an indirect source like a hot water bath.nTEMPERING CHOCOLATE: Tempering determines the final gloss, hardness, and contraction of the chocolate. When you melt chocolate, the molecules of fat separate. To put them back together, you temper it. There are a variety of ways to do it. One of the easiest ways is to place it in the microwave for 30 seconds at a time on high power until the chocolate is melted. Be very careful not to overheat it. The chocolate will not look as if it has melted because it retains its shape. It should be only slightly warmer than your bottom lip. You may still see lumps in it, but dont worry the residual heat of the chocolate will melt them. You can also use an immersion blender to break the lumps and start the recrystallization process.nUsually, the chocolate begins to set recrystallize along the side of the bowl. As it begins to crystallize, mix those crystals into the melted chocolate and they will begin recrystallization process. I like to use a glass bowl because it retains the heat and keeps the chocolate tempered for a long time.nAnother way to temper chocolate is called seeding. In this method, tempering is achieved by adding small pieces of unmelted chocolate to melted chocolate. The amount of unmelted chocolate to be added depends on the temperature of the melted chocolate but is usually one fourth of the total amount. I usually use an immersion blender to mix the two together.nThe classic way to temper chocolate is called tabliering. Chocolate is melted over hot water bath to a temperature between 88 degrees F and 90 degrees F 31 degrees C and 32 degrees C. White and milk chocolate are melted to a temperature approximately 2 degrees F less, depending on the amount of milk fat they contain. Two thirds of the melted chocolate is poured on a cold table marble surface. The chocolate is spread out and worked with a spatula until the temperature of the chocolate is approximately 81 degrees F 27 degrees C. At this stage, it is thick and begins to set. This tempered chocolate is then added to the remaining one third of nontempered chocolate and mixed thoroughly until the mass in the bowl has a completely uniform temperature. If the temperature is still too high, part of the chocolate is further worked on the cold table until the correct temperature is reached. This is a lot of work, requires a lot of room, and makes a big mess.nA simple method to check tempering is to apply a small quantity of chocolate to a piece of paper or to the point of a knife. If the chocolate has been tempered correctly, it will harden evenly and show a good gloss within 5 minutes.nStoring Chocolate:nChocolate is susceptible to moisture and absorbs external odors. It is also important to protect it from light and air. Store it in a cool, dry place in closed packaging. The ideal temperature for storing chocolate is between 54 degrees F and 68 degrees F, 12 C and 20C. Do not store chocolate in the refrigerator, where the humidity moisture will affect it., ingredients: [], title: Tempered Chocolate for Use in Molding and Sculpting, picturelink: null}, 59060: {instructions: Combine the veggies and salami on a platter and serve with 1 bamboo skewer per person.nBlend together the cream or milk and cheese. Pour into a dipping dish and season with salt and pepper to taste.nPlace the dip on the platter. Use your skewers to pierce salami and veggies, stacking up a mouthful at a time. Dip each bite in dressing as you eat, but dont double dip, please Yumo Salad on a stick, ingredients: [Bamboo skewers, 1 green or red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1inch dice, 13 seedless cucumber, diced, 12 pint grape tomatoes, 2 1inchthick pieces Genoa salami from the deli, cubed, 4 ribs celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup heavy cream or whole milk, 1 5.4ounce container garlic and herb flavored soft cheese recommended: Boursin, Salt and pepper], title: Salad on a Stick, picturelink: JEa0CHOsFj952vzpNAkhFbDjdCMZRRi}, 59061: {instructions: Cut nori sheet in half and place it on bamboo mat, shiny side down. Dampen your fingers in water. Spread a thin layer of sushi rice over the seaweed, do not cover completely. Leave a 1inch margin at the ends uncovered to seal the roll. Lay crabmeat, avocado and cucumber lengthwise. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.nTo roll slowly fold the end of the mat closest to you over the filling and tuck it in. Use medium pressure to create a compact tube. Remove the mat from around the roll, press in the loose ends and place it on a cutting board, seam side down. Using a wet, sharp knife, slice the roll in half then into 6 equal pieces. Serve with wasabi, soy sauce and pickled ginger., ingredients: [Nori seaweed, Prepared sushi rice, Crab meat, cut in pieces, Avocado, peeled and cut in fine pieces, Cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut in fine strips, Sesame seeds, toasted], title: California Roll, picturelink: null}, 59062: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCut the spaghetti squash in half lengthwise and scoop out the seeds. Brush the halves with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and cayenne pepper. Arrange them on a sheet pan and roast them, flesh side down, until the outside of the squash can be easily pierced with a fork, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven, cover with foil and keep in a warm place.nAdd olive oil to a large saute pan until it is about 14inch deep, and put over high heat. While the oil is heating, pat the skate dry with paper towels. Season the fish with salt and the ground coriander seed. When the oil is very hot but not yet smoking, dredge the skate wings in flour and shake of the excess. The fish should go IMMEDIATELY from the flour to the oil, no pausing If all the fish will not fit in the pan at the same time, only flour the ones that will fit in the pan. Premature flouring will result in a gummy gritty skate wing. The oil should be hot and sizzling when the fish goes in. Cook each piece of fish until golden brown and crispy, about 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove from the oil and blot immediately on paper towels. Season with salt, to taste. If working in batches, keep the cooked fish warm in a preheated 225 degree F oven.nWhile the fish is cooking, coat another large saute pan with olive oil, add the smashed garlic cloves and a pinch of crushed red pepper and put the pan over mediumhigh heat. When the garlic is golden brown and aromatic, remove it and discard. Add the Brussels sprouts to the pan and season them with salt. Saute the sprouts until they get very brown and crispy.nUsing a large fork, scrape the flesh out of the spaghetti squash, it should look like...spaghetti Add it to the frizzled sprouts and season again with salt. Stir together and toss in the chopped cilantro, reserving a little to garnish the fish.nArrange some of the squashand sprout mixture on each serving plate. Lean the crispy skate next to it and sprinkle with the remaining cilantro and a squeeze of lemon juice.nLets go skating, ingredients: [1 3 to 3 12pound spaghetti squash, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 boneless skinless skate wing fillets, 1 tablespoon coriander seeds, toasted and ground, Flour, for dusting, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 pint Brussels sprouts, each sprout pulled apart into leaves, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves picked and coarsely chopped, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: CorianderCrusted Skate with Spaghetti Squash and Frizzled Brussels Sprout Leaves, picturelink: null}, 59063: {instructions: Cut off top of garlic head, wrap in foil and put in a preheated 375 degree oven for 20minutes. Saute onion, bacon, garlic and sopresatta. Add chicken stock, olive oil and roasted garlic squeezed out of shell. Cook pasta aldente and add to sauce. Add spinach, basil, radicchio, garbonzo beans, Parmesan, salt and pepper to taste.nArtichoke Dip In blender put saffron, cayenne, garlic, bell pepper, 2 teaspoons water, salt and lemon juice and puree. Add mayonnaise. Serve as a dip for steamed artichokes., ingredients: [1 head garlic, 1 onion, chopped, 12 pound bacon, 14 pound dry Sopresatta sausage, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 cup olive oil, 1 pound pasta any style, 3 cups baby spinach, 12 cup sliced basil, 12 head radicchio, 12 can garbonzo beans or chickpeas, 12 cup Parmesan, Salt and pepper, to taste, 4 steamed artichokes, 1 pinch saffron, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic crushed, 12 red bell pepper, chopped, 2 teaspoons water, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 cup mayonnaise], title: Pasta with Radicchio, Bacon, and SpinachSteamed Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 59064: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the pasta according to the directions on the package. Drain the pasta, rinse it under cold water, and put it in the refrigerator to chill.nIn a dry saute pan toast the walnuts over a mediumhigh flame until they are fragrant, about 2 minutes. Set the walnuts aside to cool then chop them coarsely.nIn a large bowl, toss together the chilled pasta, walnuts, feta cheese, onion, and spinach. In a small bowl whisk the oil, vinegar, garlic and mustard. Pour the dressing over the pasta salad and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [12 pound wholewheat fusilli or other spiral shaped pasta, 12 cup walnuts, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 12 cup diced red onion, 1 12 cups chopped baby spinach leaves, 2 tablespoons walnut oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 clove of garlic, minced about 12 teaspoon, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: WholeWheat Pasta Salad with Walnuts and Feta Cheese, picturelink: yEUtyIKWppFn58Xargi9Qg2bnRe2}, 59065: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees F. Halve veal lengthwise, then cut into pieces 1 12 inches wide and about 4 inches long. Lightly dust both sides of meat with flour. Heat a large skillet over high heat. When pan is hot, add half the oil. Working in batches, brown meat, about 4 minutes per side. Add more oil to pan as necessary. Blot veal on paper towels to remove excess oil. Transfer to a large, deep roasting pan. Scatter half the carrots, onions, leeks, turnips, and celery over veal. Sprinkle with garlic and peppercorns. Tie thyme and bay leaves together with a piece of kitchen twine, and add to pan. Add 1 cup water, and sprinkle with salt. Place on top of stove, and bring to a boil. Cover with parchment paper, and seal with aluminum foil. Transfer to oven and lower heat to 350 degrees F. Cook for 1 hour. Remove from oven, and add remaining carrots, onions, leeks, turnips, and celery. Cover, return to oven, and continue to cook 45 minutes more. Remove parchment paper and aluminum foil. Increase temperature to 400 degrees F. Continue to cook until meat is fork tender, about 30 minutes more. Using a slotted spoon, transfer meat and vegetables to serving platter, and keep warm. Leave liquid in pan, and place on top of stove. Using a spoon, skim fat, and discard. Combine cornstarch with 3 tablespoons water. Add to cooking liquid, and bring to a boil. Season with salt, pepper, and vinegar. Pour mixture over meat and vegetables, then serve immediately., ingredients: [6 pounds boneless veal breast, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup olive oil, 4 medium carrots, peeled and cut into 12inch sticks, 4 medium onions, cut into 2by12inch matchsticks, 4 medium leeks, white part only, halved, washed well and cut into 12inch sticks, 4 medium turnips, peeled and cut into 12inch sticks, 6 tender inner stalks celery, cut into12inch sticks, 8 medium cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 12 whole black peppercorns, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 cup water, Coarse salt, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed with 3 tablespoons water, Ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon red wine vinegar], title: Braised Veal Breast and Winter Vegetables with Alain, picturelink: null}, 59066: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook until al dente.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, until slightly toasted, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the capers and olives and fry 2 more minutes. Crush the tomatoes into the skillet with your hands and reserve the juices. Cook until the tomatoes are slightly dry, about 2 minutes. Add the reserved tomato juices, the basil, and salt to taste and cook until the sauce thickens, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the tuna with its oil, breaking it up with a fork, and season with salt.nDrain the pasta, reserving 12 cup cooking water, and return it to the pot. Add the sauce and the reserved cooking water and toss. Season with pepper and garnish with more basil.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces linguine, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 14 to 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 12 cup roughly chopped kalamata olives, 1 28 ounce can San Marzano plum tomatoes, 4 basil leaves, torn, plus more for garnish, 1 5 ounce can albacore tuna, packed in olive oil, Freshly ground pepper], title: Linguine with Tuna Puttanesca, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 59067: {instructions: Cook the pasta according to the package directions add the escarole during the last 2 minutes, cover and do not stir. Remove the escarole with tongs set aside. Drain the pasta, reserving 12 cup cooking liquid. Meanwhile, if youre using capers, heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the capers and fry until crisp, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a papertowellined plate.nAdd the remaining 3 tablespoons oil to the skillet. Cook the garlic, parsley and red pepper flakes until the garlic toasts slightly, 1 minute. Add the tomatoes, chickpeas, a pinch of salt and the bay leaves. Cook until the tomatoes and chickpeas brown, about 6 minutes. Add the escarole and reserved tomato juice and cook until the sauce thickens slightly, about 4 more minutes. Remove and discard the bay leaves.nAdd the cooked pasta to the skillet and toss with the sauce season with salt and pepper. If the sauce is thick, add some reserved pasta water. Stir in the cheese and top with fried capers, if using, and more cheese.nPhotograph by Antonis Achiellos, ingredients: [2 cups wholegrain penne, 1 head escarole, roughly chopped, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more to taste, 14 cup capers, drained and patted dry optional, 5 cloves garlic, sliced, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh parsley, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 28 ounce can whole peeled tomatoes, crushed slightly, liquid reserved, 1 15 .5ounce can chickpeas, drained, rinsed and patted dry, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 bay leaves, 12 cup freshly grated parmesan cheese, plus more for garnish], title: WholeGrain Pasta with Chickpeas and Escarole, picturelink: R4N2Qiz4arhMuWybkZQzamh0S7MC.Oi}, 59068: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine vegetable stock, fish sauce, soy, preserved radish and white pepper. After the mixture has come to a simmer, add bean curd cubes and cook for about a minute. Add scallions and allow to warm through. Ladle into bowls and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [2 cups vegetable stock, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon preserved radish, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 4 ounces bean curd, cut into 12inch cubes, 2 scallions, cut on bias in 1inch lengths, Lime wedges], title: Bean Curd Soup, picturelink: null}, 59069: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the tortillas onto a baking sheet and spread 2 tablespoons of black bean dip on top of each tortilla. Top with tomato and cabbage and bake for 10 minutes. Remove the pizzas from the oven and sprinkle some cilantro on each one. Allow to cool slightly before cutting into wedges.nHeat the oil in a skillet over a medium heat. Add onions and saute until they soften, about 2 minutes. Stir in the garlic and jalapeno and cook for 1 minute more.nPut the beans into a food processor. Add the onion mixture and the rest of the ingredients and puree until smooth., ingredients: [4 corn tortillas, or wholewheat tortillas 6inches in diameter, 12 cup Black Bean Dip, recipe follows, 1 large tomato, seeded and diced, 1 cup shredded green cabbage, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno pepper, 1 15ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mexican Tortilla Pizza, picturelink: v3JFjCd4C67pbSKlKFMdKCf4DIlhvO}, 59070: {instructions: Combine the potatoes and garlic in the slow cooker. Pour the chicken broth over the potatoes, cover and cook on high 3 to 4 hours, or on low 6 to 8 hours.nRemove the potatoes and drain, reserving the cooking liquid and removing the garlic. Return the potatoes to the slow cooker.nMelt the butter in a small saucepan with the halfandhalf over low heat. Remove from the heat and add to the potatoes along with the cream cheese and liberally season with salt and pepper. Use a potato masher to mash, adding the reserved cooking liquid to the potatoes if necessary for the desired consistency.nKeep warm before transferring to a serving platter. Garnish with chopped chives., ingredients: [3 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and diced into 12inch chunks, 1 head garlic, halved, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 34 cup halfandhalf, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, Chopped fresh chives, for garnish], title: Slow Cooker Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 59071: {instructions: Put the cherries, pistachios and brown sugar in a food processor and pulse until a fine crumb forms take care not to over process or the filling will clump together. Set aside.nPut the butter and granulated sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and beat on mediumhigh until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs, baking powder and salt and beat for another minute. Lower the speed to medium and add the flour, 12 cup at a time beat until smooth. Cover and place in the fridge to chill, about 1 hour.nDivide dough the in half and flatten each into squares. Put one portion of dough in between two 12by12inch sheets of parchment paper dusted with flour. Roll out into a 18inchthick square. Remove the top parchment sheet and sprinkle half of the cherrypistachio filling evenly across the dough. Pat into an even layer. Tightly roll into one large log using the parchment to help you. Trim the ends and then roll the exterior in a mixture of sprinkles to coat. Repeat with the remaining dough, filling and sprinkles. Tightly cover in fresh parchment and refrigerate overnight preferred or at least 4 hours, until the dough is firm.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line 2 baking sheets with parchment or a silicone baking mat.nRemove and uncover the dough logs and slice with a very sharp knife into 14inchthick pinwheels. Arrange about 1 inch apart on the prepared baking sheets. Bake until slightly golden, 8 to 10 minutes. Let the cookies cool on a wire rack. Store for up to 3 days in an airtight container, or freeze cookies for future use, up to 2 weeks.nEnjoy, ingredients: [1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup shelled pistachios, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons salted butter, softened, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 container red, green and white sprinkles], title: Cherry Pistachio Pinwheel Cookies, picturelink: LJIIu68UXuKbY6N5AOisF68bKcGmkSG}, 59072: {instructions: Add the butter to a large mixing bowl and beat with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula until smooth. Add the jam, mint and salt and swirl in until partially incorporated. Roll into a log using a sheet of parchment, or pack into a ramekin, and refrigerate until firm, about 2 hours. Serve atop pancakes, waffles or French toast., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup blackberry jam, 1 tablespoon minced fresh mint leaves, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Sweet Fruit Compound Butter, picturelink: RHdTeUfox2ccibFR7dxphnPUyNfY5V6}, 59073: {instructions: Cut the stem ends off the beans. Place in a microwave safe dish with about 3 tablespoons of water, cover loosely and cook on high 2 12 to 3 minutes, just until tender crisp. Drain and dump into a bowl of cold water. Drain again and pat dry.nIn a large saute pan, over medium low heat, melt the butter until bubbling. Add the shallots and saute until golden and softened, about 4 minutes. Add the vermouth and turn the heat up to medium. Simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the mustard seeds, sugar, tomatoes, mint, salt and pepper. Saute to soften, about 4 minutes.nReduce the heat to low and add the blanched green beans. Toss to combine and heat through, about 4 to 5 minutes. Adjust seasoning. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds haricots verts slender French green beans, 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup minced shallots, 13 cup vermouth or dry white wine, 2 tablespoons mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon sugar, 1 pound red or yellow cherry tomatoes, 12 cup chopped fresh mint, Kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Haricots Verts with Minty Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 59074: {instructions: To make the dressing, combine the rice vinegar, vegetable oil, soy sauce, sesame oil, grated ginger, sugar and 12 teaspoon salt in a small bowl and mix well. Set aside.nCombine the remaining salt and the fivespice powder and sprinkle the mixture over the duck. Place a nonstick frying pan over high heat until hot. Place the duck, skin side down, in the pan and cook until golden brown, about 3 minutes. Turn the breasts, reduce the heat and cook until mediumrare, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the duck from the pan, place on a cutting board, and let rest for 5 minutes. Do not cover the duck or the skin will not be crisp.nIn a large bowl, combine the watercress, snow peas and cabbage. Pour the dressing over the top and toss to coat. Divide the salad among 4 serving plates. Cut the duck into slices on the diagonal. Arrange the slices on each salad and serve., ingredients: [3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon Chinese fivespice powder, 12 ounces boneless duck breast, skin scored, 1 bunch watercress about 4 ounces, tough stems removed, 2 cups snow peas, thinly sliced, 2 cups shredded Napa cabbage], title: Seared FiveSpice Duck Breast with Snow Peas and Watercress, picturelink: null}, 59075: {instructions: Heat the canola oil and butter in a 10inch nonstick skillet. Once the foam from the butter has subsided, add the pears and 12 teaspoon cinnamon. Cook the pears until just warmed through, about 1 12 minutes. Remove from heat and add the cream cheese stir until cream cheese is melted. Remove from skillet to stop the cooking and transfer to a bowl.nLay bread on a cutting board and make a 2inch incision into the side to form a pocket inside the bread. Be careful not to pierce the other side of the bread. Repeat for each slice of bread. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the pear mixture into each pocket and set aside.nCombine egg whites, whole egg, and remaining 12 teaspoon cinnamon whisk together. Transfer egg mixture to a shallow 6inch wide plate.nHeat a nonstick griddle over medium heat for 1 minute. Lightly spray the griddle with cooking spray.nTake 1 stuffed French toast and lightly dip both sides into the egg mixture, and then lightly dip each edge. Place the French toast on the griddle and cook for 1 12 minutes. Flip and cook for another 1 12 minutes on the other side. While each piece of French toast is cooking on its first side, repeat the dipping process with the next one. Once thentoast is golden brown, remove from heat. You can keep the toast warm in a lowtemperature oven while you are making the rest. Serve with maple syrup, if desired., ingredients: [2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 teaspoon butter, 1 12 cups 14inch diced firm pears, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, divided, 2 tablespoons light cream cheese, 4 1 12inch thick slices whole grain bread, 2 egg whites, 1 whole egg, Butterflavored nonstick cooking spray], title: Cinnamon Pear Stuffed French Toast, picturelink: null}, 59076: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high.nPut the lettuce in a bowl. Pour the dressing over and toss well.nDivide the dough into 4 equal balls. On a floured board, stretch and roll the dough into thin discs with a rolling pin. The dough may also be stretched by hand, but rolling will give you a thinner crust.nCoat the rolled out dough with olive oil and place, oiled side down, on a very hot grill. This can be done indoors on a castiron stovetop grill pan that has been preheated over mediummedium high. When you start to see bubbles on the surface of the dough, turn it over. It should be slightly browned on the bottom. Brush each round with a generous tablespoon of the garlic paste and sprinkle with the thyme. Remove from the grill with tongs and top with the Caesar salad. Grate parmesan cheese on top, fold in half, and eat.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPeel the outermost layers of skin off the heads of garlic. Cut off the top 13 of the heads to open the cloves. Save the small pieces of garlic for another use see Chefs Note. Put the heads, cut sides up, in a small baking dish and pour the olive oil over them. Season with salt and pepper.nCover tightly, place in the oven, and roast until about 34 cooked, about 45 minutes. Uncover and return to the oven until the cloves begin to pop out of their skins and brown, about 15 minutes. Let cool.nWhen cool enough to handle easily, squeeze the roasted garlic into a small bowl. Press against the skins very well to get out all the sweet roasted garlic you can. Add the oil from the baking dish and mix well until a paste forms. Store, tightly covered, in the refrigerator, for up to 1 week.nChefs Note:nIt is hard to have too much roasted garlic around. You can roast the little bits from the tips of the garlic heads. Put them in a separate small baking container, such as an individual custard cup. Season with salt and pepper, douse with olive oil, cover, and place in the oven to bake along with the whole garlic heads. Depending on their size, they will be soft and browned in about 12 the time needed for the whole heads. The little pieces make a good cooks snack while preparing dinner, or can be squeezed into tomato sauce or onto pasta., ingredients: [1 pound premade pizza dough, 12 cups loosely packed torn romaine lettuce about 2 heads, Favorite Caesar dressing, Olive oil, 12 cup Roasted Garlic Paste, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme leaves, 6 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus extra for garnish, 1 pound whole garlic heads, 12 cup pure olive oil, Gray sea salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Piadine with Caesar Salad and Roasted Garlic Paste, picturelink: 7sS9nNQ068FHH1rYRcX1t.w2PZQ.b1K}, 59077: {instructions: For both recipes you prepare as follows. Place all spices and vodkacognac in a glass jar overnight. Strain the liquid. Mix wine, vodkacognac and sugar in a saucepan. Heat very slowly until hot and the sugar has dissolved. Make sure that the brew does not boil. Serve in small cups or mugs with raisins and peeled almonds., ingredients: [1 bottle red wine, 12 cup eau de vie inexpensive cognac, 5 cinnamon sticks broken into pieces, 20 whole cloves, 1 piece ginger, 1 teaspoon crushed cardamom seeds, Rind from one orange, 1 cup sugar, 3 drops vanilla extract, 1 bottle red wine, 34 cup vodka, 3 cinnamon sticks, 10 whole cloves, 1 piece fresh ginger, Rind from one orange, 1 teaspoon seeds, 34 cup sugar], title: GlOeGg, picturelink: null}, 59078: {instructions: Preheat oven to highest setting, at least 500 degrees F.nCut 2 or 3 slits into whole eggplant. Place eggplant directly on the oven rack in the middle of the oven and roast the eggplant until it is tender, about 20 minutes. Keep the slits facing up so that the eggplant does not loose liquids as it roasts.nThe roasted eggplant will look like a flat tire when you remove it from the oven. Using a sharp utility knife, carefully peel skin away from eggplant flesh. Add cooked eggplant flesh and juice to food processor and combine with garlic, allspice, salt, and pepper and parsley. Pulse grind the eggplant into a paste, add a drizzle of olive oil. Transfer to a serving dish. The seeds of the eggplant will make the spread resemble caviar eggs, and so the name: poor mans caviar.nTo serve, surround a bowlful of spread with crusty bread rounds.nTidbit: Mixed olives and selections of Italian sheeps milk cheeses are suggested accompaniments to this menu to round out your buffet. They require no recipe or preparation and add something to the offering overall. Place them on the buffet near the eggplant caviar and bread., ingredients: [1 medium, firm eggplant, 1 clove garlic, cracked away from the skin, 2 pinches ground allspice, Coarse salt and black pepper, 1 handful flatleaf parsley tops, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, 1 whole grain baguette or other long crusty bread, sliced at bread counter], title: Poor Mans Caviar: Eggplant Spread, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 59079: {instructions: Whisk together the mayonnaise, lemon zest and juice until combined. Add the whitefish, celery and onions, and gently mix until combined season with salt and freshly ground black pepper. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.nServe with bagels and Pickled Red Onions.nCombine the vinegar, lime juice, sugar, salt, coriander seeds, mustard seeds and peppercorns in a small saucepan over high heat. Cook until the sugar and salt is dissolved. Remove from the heat and let cool for 5 minutes.nPut the onions in a medium bowl, pour the vinegar mixture over and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 48 hours before serving., ingredients: [34 cup goodquality mayonnaise, 12 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 pounds smoked whitefish, skinned, boned and flaked, 1 large stalk celery, finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Bagels, for serving, Pickled Red Onions, for serving, recipe follows, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon coriander seeds, 14 teaspoon mustard seeds, 14 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 medium red onion, halved and thinly sliced], title: Homemade Whitefish Salad, picturelink: aTR3YPs5B40dDHdBLtWr3NOMXCzIo2e}, 59080: {instructions: Special equipment: a charcoal kettlestyle grill charcoal 8 cups large smoking wood chips applewood and hickory mix, soaked in water butchers twinenFor the prime rib: Heat the charcoal until hot, then carefully arrange on one side of a kettlestyle grill, and place the soaked wood chips over the hot coals. Place an aluminum pan filled with some water opposite to the coals to catch any drippings. Place a wire rack on the grill. Cover the grill to allow the smoke to accumulate and preheat to about 225 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, add the granulated garlic, black pepper, salt, mustard powder, paprika and cayenne, and mix well. Rub the spice mixture all over the prime rib, then set aside. Combine the oregano, rosemary and thyme and tie together with butchers twine. In a large castiron pan set over mediumhigh heat, add the oil. Rub the oil all over the pan using the herb bundle, then set aside. Place the prime rib fatside down in the pan and sear until browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Flip over and sear the other side until browned, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn on its end and sear for 2 minutes.nPlace the prime rib on the grill over the aluminum pan, with the thick end facing the coals. Place the lid on the grill. Smoke the prime rib until the internal temperature reaches 130 degrees F for mediumrare, 2 hours 30 minutes to 3 hours.nRemove the prime rib to a baking sheet and set aside to rest.nFor the sauce: In a medium saute pan set over mediumhigh heat, add the garlic, parsley, black pepper, rosemary, thyme, salt, shallots and butter. Cook, stirring continuously, until the butter foams and the garlic turns a light golden color, 5 to 6 minutes. Add the broth, Worcestershire and demiglace. Stir to combine, and cook until the sauce reduces by onethird, remove from the heat and set aside.nIf the chine bone has been removed, slice the prime rib into generous 1bone portions. Otherwise, slice off the bone and cut into generous portions, and then place on a platter. Spoon the sauce over the top, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons granulated garlic, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 tablespoons mustard powder, 1 tablespoon paprika, 12 teaspoon cayenne, One 6 to 7pound bonein prime rib, 3 sprigs fresh oregano, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup minced garlic, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 shallots, minced, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon demiglace], title: Smoked Prime Rib with Brown Butter Garlic Sauce, picturelink: gQh6a0WpKT7jMuzO4oPQxEZJ1iTB3C}, 59081: {instructions: Push potatoes through a French fry cutter, or hand cut so that pieces are uniform in size. Soak in ice water for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nHeat a pan on medium, melt butter. Add the flour and whisk vigorously for about 8 minutes until the roux is amber colored. Remove the pan from the heat.nIn another pan, saute the shallots in olive oil over medium heat for a few minutes until the edges are crisp and golden. Add the sea salt and pepper. Deglaze with organic beef stock, add thyme, brown sugar, and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the roux and let reduce on medium low for 15 minutes. Take off the heat and stir in fresh, minced parsley.nHeat enough peanut oil to come halfway up the side of a heavy pot to 375 degrees F, or use a deepfryer. Strain the chilled sweet potato fries and dry them in a salad spinner.nUsing a fry basket, fry the potatoes in small batches for 5 minutes, then lay them on a wire rack, set over a papertowel lined sheet pan to drain the excess oil.nPlace the fries on a plate, top with the cheese curds and smother with hot gravy., ingredients: [4 large sweet potatoes, sliced into 14inch French fries, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 12 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 to 3 shallots, thinly sliced, Pinch sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups organic beef stock, Pinch fresh thyme leaves, Pinch brown sugar, Handful minced fresh parsley, Peanut oil or canola oil, for deep frying, 2 cups cheese curds], title: Sweet Potato Poutine, picturelink: null}, 59082: {instructions: Add Johnnie Walker Black Label and sweet vermouthnMix and serve in martini glass, ingredients: [1 oz. Johnnie Walker Black Label, .5 oz. sweet vermouth], title: Manhattan, picturelink: Vg9S5CllfeWJDUHMYsgxwMeNSRHOvY2}, 59083: {instructions: For the mango chutney curd: Put a small pot filled with 1inch of water on the stovetop to boil.nIn a medium stainless steel bowl, whisk the egg yolks and sugar until combined. Add 4 ounces of the mango chutney and the mango nectar. Whisk until combined. Place the bowl on top of the pot of boiling water. Reduce the heat to a simmer. Whisk continuously until the mixture reduces and thickens to the consistency of sour cream, 10 to 20 minutes.nTake the mixture off the stove. Add the butter and whisk until the butter is fully incorporated. Fold in remaining 4 ounces mango chutney and the mango chunks into the curd and allow to cool before filling the cupcakes.nFor the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line tins with 24 muffin cups.nIn a small saucepan, heat the butter on low until just melted. Set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, coriander and salt. Add the sugars and whisk until all the dry ingredients are combined.nIn a separate bowl, whisk the eggs and egg white until lightly beaten. Mix in the milk, mango juice concentrate, mango nectar and vanilla. Gradually add the wet ingredients into the dry, whisking until just combined.nScoop 12 cup batter into the saucepan of melted butter. Stir until combined. Add the oil and continue to mix until all are incorporated. Pour back into the large bowl of batter. Fold in until incorporated.nUse a 1 12ounce portion scoop to scoop the batter into each muffin cup, filling 23 full.nBake until a toothpick comes out clean when inserted into the cake, 18 to 22 minutes. Allow the cupcakes to cool in the pan for 5 minutes. Then remove to a cooling rack until completely cool.nHollow out 12inch of the center of the cupcake with a corer or paring knife. Fill with the mango chutney curd. Top with a dollop of Sweetened Condensed Milk Whipped Cream and a Dried Mango Star Garnish.nA viewer, who may not be a professional cook, provided this recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe and therefore, we cannot make representation as to the results.nIn a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, beat the heavy cream until soft peaks form.nTurn the mixer to low speed and slowly pour in the condensed milk. Add the salt. Mix until firm peaks form. Do not overmix.nUse a small rolling pin to flatten a few pieces of dried mango. Cut out 24 stars with 12inch star shaped cookie cutter., ingredients: [8 ounces egg yolks about 8 large egg yolks, 8 ounces granulated sugar, 8 ounces mango chutney, divided, 4 ounces mango nectar, 6 to 8 ounces unsalted butter, at room temperature, cut into chunks, 1 ripe Alphonso or Champagne mango, peeled and chopped finely, 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 3 teaspoons coriander powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 3 whole large eggs plus 1 egg white, 12 cup milk, 13 cup mango juice concentrate, 13 cup mango nectar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Sweetened Condensed Milk Whipped Cream, recipe follows, Dried Mango Star Garnish, recipe follows, 4 cups heavy cream, cold, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, Pinch salt, 1 package sweetened dried mango], title: Mango Coriander Pound Cake Cupcakes with Mango Chutney Filling and Sweetened Condensed Milk Whipped Cream, picturelink: VeW89omuK.JhPPJtWmxI08azthsnz2}, 59084: {instructions: Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and arrange the sardines or salmon in a single layer on the pan. Season the fillets on both sides with salt and pepper and one quarter of the olive oil. Scatter half the sage, thyme, rosemary, and garlic over the fillets and slide the pan into the oven. Roast the sardines for 7 minutes, or until theyre just cooked through. Remove the sardines from the baking pan, cool, and then chill in the refrigerator. Reline the baking sheet with clean parchment paper and arrange the eggplant on the sheet. Season the eggplant slices with salt and pepper as well as the remaining oil and herbs. Bake the eggplant for 20 to 25 minutes, or until tender. Cool and then transfer to the refrigerator to chill. Line an 8 12 by 4 12 by 2 12inch loaf pan with plastic wrap, allowing it to extend over the sides. The terrine will be built with the eggplant, peppers, sardines, and tomatoes in layers, starting with the eggplant. To begin, cut the eggplant slices to fit the terrine and lay a layer of eggplant over the bottom and up the sides of the terrine, allow the slices to overlap a little and overhang the edges. Top with peppers, then sardines, then tomatoes. Repeat with the remaining ingredients, finishing by folding the overhanging eggplant over the top of the terrine and leveling the top with an additional layer of eggplant slices. Cover the top with the plastic wrap thats hanging over the sides and press another piece of plastic wrap against the top for good measure. Cut a piece of corrugated cardboard to fit inside the top of the terrine and press it down firmly against the plastic wrap. Place a weight, such as a 1pound can, on top of the cardboard, put the terrine on a parchmentlined tray to catch any drips that result from the weighting, and refrigerate for at least 12 hours, or overnight.nTo serve: If you have an electric knife, nows the time to use it, if not, choose a long thin serrated knife and work with a sawing motion. Remove the weight, the cardboard, and the sheet of plastic wrap. Carefully cut the loaf into slices, each no less than 1inch thick thinner slices will fall apart. If youd like, serve the terrine with a small green salad dressed with lemon juice and olive oil., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh sardine fillets, from about 4 pounds whole sardines you can also use, salmon fillets, Salt, Freshly ground white pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 8 leaves sage, 6 sprigs thyme, 4 sprigs rosemary, 4 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed, 3 pounds eggplant, trimmed, peeled, and cut into 12inch thick slices on the, bias, 40 pieces Tomato Confit, recipe follows, 12 ounces piquillo or roasted red bell peppers], title: Daniels Sardine and Red Pepper Terrine, picturelink: OGyyogjU5KVZy2gH8iPYyAa4tBeUlP.}, 59085: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. With a biscuit cutter or heart shaped cutter, cut out heart shapes can be done in advance. Brush melted butter on both sides of the bread and set them on a baking sheet. Bake for 15 minutes or until toasts are golden brown remove and set aside until later. Or, for low cal alternative, cut wide thin slices of jicama, then cut out heart shapes from those  can be done in advance, and kept in dampened cloth in the refrigerator. Combine olive oil and lime juice and season lightly with salt and pepper. Set two heart shaped toast points or jicama slices in middle of a dinner plate. Heart points should meet in center and overlap each other slightly. Roll up or drape a slice of smoked salmon in the middle of each heart and brush with olive oil and rice vinegar dressing. For a professional looking presentation, scatter dill and chives over everything including the plate. At last minute, coarsely grind fresh pepper over the top., ingredients: [12 very thin slices of sandwich bread or jicama, 4 tablespoons melted butter, 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 thin slices smoked salmon, 1 tablespoon finely snipped dill leaves, 1 tablespoon chive batons chives cut into 2inch lengths], title: Smoked Salmon on Toast or Jicama Hearts, picturelink: null}, 59086: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook as the label directs. Reserve 1 cup of the cooking water drain the pasta.nMeanwhile, cook the bacon in a large skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until crisp, about 8 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings from the skillet.nAdd the leeks to the drippings in the skillet. Season with 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the heavy cream and cook until it begins to thicken, about 2 minutes.nAdd the pasta to the skillet along with the parmesan, half of the bacon and 12 teaspoon pepper toss to coat, adding enough of the reserved pasta cooking water to loosen. To serve, top with the remaining bacon, more parmesan and parsley.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces mezzi rigatoni or other short pasta, 4 slices bacon, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 bunch leeks white and light green parts only, halved lengthwise, thinly sliced and rinsed well, Freshly ground pepper, 34 cup heavy cream, 13 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: Pasta with Bacon and Leeks, picturelink: ArsaPi6QKqE0AvmFpMPgIioikBSa}, 59087: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, combine the lime juice, zest, garlic and olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Put the fish in a baking dish and pour the marinade on top. Marinate for no more than 15 to 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the broiler or grill. Lightly coat a baking sheet with olive oil. Remove the fish from the marinade and arrange on the baking sheet, making sure to leave space between the pieces. Broil until just cooked through, about 4 to 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a medium saute pan, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Fry the corn tortillas, 1 at a time, just until crisp, flipping halfway through to brown both sides. Drain on paper towels and salt while still hot.nTo assemble the tostadas: Layer each tostada first with Sauteed White Beans, then the fish. Top with the shredded cabbage and Pineapple and Avocado Salsa. Garnish with a dollop of sour cream and a squeeze of a lime wedge.nIn a small pan, over medium heat, add the oil. When the oil is hot add the onion with a pinch of salt and saute until soft, about 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cumin and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Raise the heat and add the white wine. Cook until the wine has reduced by half. Stir in the beans and oregano and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook gently for 15 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.nIn a medium bowl, make the dressing by mixing 2 tablespoons of pineapple juice with the lime juice, honey, oil and jalapeno. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the pineapple and onion. Gently fold in the avocado and cilantro. Let the flavors blend for at least 15 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 lime, zested and juiced, plus lime wedges for garnish, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for baking sheet, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound white fish fillets, like tilapia, flounder, sole, skin discarded and cut into fingersized pieces, 14 cup vegetable oil, 8 6inch corn tortillas, Sauteed White Beans, recipe follows, 12 cup shredded purple cabbage, Pineapple and Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, Sour cream, for garnish, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 white or yellow onion, finely chopped, Kosher salt, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup white wine, 1 12 cups cooked navy beans, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves or 2 teaspoons dried, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 14ounce can sliced pineapple in juice, drained and juices reserved, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small jalapeno, seeds removed and diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 red onion, finely chopped, 1 medium avocado, halved, pitted and flesh cubed, 2 tablespoons minced cilantro leaves], title: Fish and White Bean Tostadas, picturelink: CaNOkg.1GiVVoX0jPGqCcT9dwne79W2}, 59088: {instructions: For the risotto: Heat the vegetable stock in a pot next to the risotto pot. Keep a ladle in it to use.nSaute the onion in the olive oil until wilted, add in the garlic and cook for another minute or so. Add in the Arborio rice and saute for a few minutes. Add in just enough stock to cover the rice and stir frequently.nAs the rice absorbs the stock add the remainder of the stock and let the risotto cook through. 16 to 20 minutes. If it is not tender add some hot water until the risotto is tender.nWhen cooked through add in the lemon juice, lemon peel, Parmesan, mozzarella and halfandhalf. Mix thoroughly. Let it cool for 1 hour or so.nTo fry the balls: Heat the oil to 375 degrees F in a large pot. Place the panko bread crumbs in a shallow dish. Using a small spoon or small ice cream scooper form the risotto into 1inch balls and roll them in the bread crumbs. Set aside until complete. Place a few balls in the hot oil at a time. Cook the balls for 2 to 3 minutes. Drain them on paper towels. Sprinkle with Parmesan and serve., ingredients: [5 cups vegetable stock, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, plus 12 cup for garnish, 12 cup shredded mozzarella, 1 cup halfandhalf, 5 cups panko bread crumbs, 4 cups vegetable oil], title: Lemon Parmesan Risotto Balls, picturelink: null}, 59089: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large, heavy skillet with 1 inch of frying oil over moderate heat.nFlake the cooked cooled salmon with a fork. Add cracker meal to the bowl and work through the fish with your hands. Add the eggs, seasoning, pepper, chives, dill, pepper sauce, and the zest of one lemon to the bowl. Combine the ingredients well with your hands. If the mixture is a little wet, add a bit more cracker meal. Form 3inch patties of salmon cakes 1inch thick. You should yield 8 to 10 cakes. Fry cakes until golden in a single layer 3 or 4 minutes on each side. Drain on paper towel lined plate.nToss salad greens with coarse salt and the juice of the lemon you zested. Drizzle the greens with a little extravirgin olive oil and retoss the salad to coat.nCombine mayonnaise, chili sauce and relish in a small dish. To serve, place salmon cakes on a bed of baby greens, 2 cakes per person and top with chili mayonnaise sauce., ingredients: [Vegetable or canola oil, for frying, 3 6ounce portions cooked salmon or 3 6ounce cans salmon, drained well, 1 12 cups cracker meal, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 rounded teaspoons Old Bay seasoning blend, 12 red bell pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 20 blades fresh chives, snipped or chopped, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh dill, a handful, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper sauce, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Salad greens, Coarse salt, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise, 12 cup chili sauce, 2 tablespoons dill pickle relish], title: Salmon Cakes, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 59090: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut the pancetta and 1 tablespoon of the oil in a large skillet and cook over medium heat until the pancetta crisps, about 3 minutes. Remove pancetta with a slotted spoon, reserve the oil in the pan. Season the chicken thighs with salt and pepper, and add skinned side down to the pan, and brown, in batches if needed, over high heat, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the chicken to a plate.nAdd a tablespoon of oil and the mushrooms to the skillet and cook, without stirring until beginning to brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Shake pan and continue to cook the mushrooms until evenly golden brown, about 3 minutes more. Add the onion, garlic, marjoram, and pepper flakes cook stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon until fragrant. Crush the tomatoes through your fingers and add to the pot cook until brick red. Stir in the tomato juices. Bring the sauce to a simmer. Return the chicken and pancetta to the pan and cook it in the oven until the meat is cooked through and tender about 30 minutes more.nDivide the chicken evenly among 4 plates, cover loosely with foil. With a large spoon or ladle, skim any fat off the surface of the sauce and discard. Stir the cheese and parsley into the sauce, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Pour the sauce over the chicken and serve., ingredients: [1ounce pancetta, fat trimmed and diced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 skinless chicken thighs about 3 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 10 ounces button mushrooms, quartered, 1 medium onion, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons finely chopped fresh marjoram or oregano leaves, Pinch red pepper flakes, optional, 1 15ounce can plum tomatoes about 1 34 cups, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan about 1ounce, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Chicken with Mushrooms and Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 59091: {instructions: Add Tanqueray London Dry Gin, Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, Captain Morgan Silver Spiced Rum, Jose Cuervo Especial, triple sec, and sweet and sour mix in icefilled Collins glass and stirnTop with colanGarnish with lemon wedge optional, ingredients: [.25 oz. Tanqueray London Dry Gin, .25 oz. Smirnoff No.21 Vodka, .25 oz. Captain Morgan Silver Spiced Rum, .25 oz. Jose Cuervo Especial, .25 oz. triple sec, 1 oz. sweet and sour mix, 6 oz. cola, 1 wedge lemon optional], title: Long Island Iced Tea, picturelink: uVdNPgqIAx8g1.T7Xf6fCtwXxFFnV.}, 59092: {instructions: Combine the rye, lemon juice, honey syrup, grapefruit juice and bitters in a cocktail shaker and shake to combine. Pour into an icefilled collins glass and top with a splash of ginger ale. Add a straw. Serve at once., ingredients: [2 ounce Wild Turkey Rye, 34 ounce freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 ounce honey mixed with a splash of hot water to make a syrup, 12 ounce freshly squeezed grapefruit juice, 3 dashes Peychauds Bitters, 1 splash ginger ale, to top off], title: Reign of Blood, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 59093: {instructions: Place the chicken wings in a large bowl discard the tips. Add the jerk seasoning and rum and work into the wings with your hands. Cover and let marinate overnight in the refrigerator. Preheat the broiler. Arrange the wings in a single layer on a pan, place 6 to 7 inches under the broiler, and cook about 7 minutes per side, or until the wings are done, ingredients: [3 pounds chicken wings 18 wings, disjointed, 2 heaping tablespoons jerk seasoning, Walkers Wood or any other brand, 13 cup dark rum], title: Jerk Chicken Wings, picturelink: null}, 59094: {instructions: Thaw the frozen raspberries, if using.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nSift the flour, almonds, salt and cinnamon into a bowl and rub in the butter, mix in the sugar. Add the beaten egg and milk to make a sconelike dough. Divide the dough in 2 and gently shape each half to fit into greased 8inch sandwich tins. Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove from the oven and cool on a wire rack. When cold spread one of the layers with raspberry jam, then generously with the double cream and raspberries. Sprinkle raspberries with icing sugar, cover with the second layer and top with more cream. Decorate with a few raspberries. Best eaten when fresh., ingredients: [12 ounces fresh raspberries or frozen raspberries, 7 ounces self raising flour, 1 ounce ground almonds, 14 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 4 tablespoons2 ounces butter, 3 ounces caster superfine sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 14 pint 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons raspberry jam, 1ounce icing confectioners sugar, 14 pint 12 cup double cream], title: Raspberry and Strawberry Shortcake, picturelink: null}, 59095: {instructions: Melt the butter in a 10inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the poblano, scallions and jalapeno cook, stirring occasionally, until slightly softened, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the corn and 34 teaspoon salt cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are soft, about 2 more minutes.nWhisk the eggs with 14 cup water and 12 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Add the eggs to the skillet and cook, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula to form large curds, until the eggs are softly scrambled, about 2 minutes. Add the tortilla chips, 34 cup cheese and the cilantro to the skillet cook, stirring, until well combined, 1 to 2 more minutes.nSprinkle the scramble with the remaining 14 cup cheese and top with avocado, sour cream, pico de gallo and more cilantro.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 poblano chile pepper, seeded and diced, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 1 red jalapeno pepper, halved, seeded and thinly sliced, 12 cup fresh corn kernels, Kosher salt, 8 large eggs, 4 cups tortilla chips, slightly crushed, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese about 4 ounces, 14 cup fresh cilantro, torn, plus more for topping, Diced avocado, sour cream and pico de gallo, for topping], title: Mexican Egg and Tortilla Chip Scramble, picturelink: 82KowQEhXamNQSKChUqGxF3tTUCwGFa}, 59096: {instructions: Combine the mango, tomatoes, minced onion, cilantro, chile, lime zest, and lime juice in a small bowl. Allow the flavors to macerate. Serve as a garnish for the cumin seared scallop tacos., ingredients: [12 cup diced mango, 12 cup diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons minced onion, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 2 teaspoons minced Serrano chile, Zest and juice of 1 lime], title: Mango Salsa, picturelink: Quzla0csnShtvbIdVpY88cVg8yqxkoW}, 59097: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGenerously butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nTear the ciabatta into chunks and place them in the bottom of the baking dish. Sprinkle with the Cheddar, then tear the cream cheese into small pieces and place over the top. Cut the 1 12 sticks of butter into pats and place over the top.nMix together the milk, onions, chives, mustard, salt, cayenne and eggs in a large bowl and pour over the top of the dish. Make sure to pour slowly, getting it all around the edges and in the crevices. Cover with foil and refrigerate overnight.nThe next morning, preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nBake the omelet, covered, for 45 minutes. Raise the oven temperature to 350 degrees F, remove the foil and continue baking until firm and set, 10 to 15 minutes.nEat. Faint. Repeat., ingredients: [1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons salted butter, plus more for buttering the baking dish, 1 loaf ciabatta, 1 cup grated Cheddar, 8 ounces cream cheese, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons dehydrated onions, 1 teaspoon chopped chives, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 10 large eggs], title: Sleepin In Omelet, picturelink: ZPfYy6TMJK2yiFc60Rs7en26Lnz0le}, 59098: {instructions: Wash and pat dry chicken breasts, season with salt and pepper and sear in a frying pan with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Remove from pan and set aside. Drain the oil from pan.nUsing the same frying pan add 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute celery, diced onion and carrot. Cook through allowing the flavors to meld. Return the seared chicken breasts to the pan and add the chicken stock and the white wine. Bring the liquid to a simmer and cover. Simmer until the chicken breasts are cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove the lid and reduce the liquid until it is not so brothy. Season with salt and pepper.nWhile the chicken is cooking, toast the English muffins and set aside. Toast the pine nuts in 1 tablespoon of olive oil and season with salt.nSaute the remaining sliced onion, squash and zucchini, allowing for some browning. Stir gently while seasoning with salt, pepper and oregano. Continue cooking until squash is slightly browned and the onion is translucent.nRemove the chicken breasts from the pan and place on the individual dinner plates. Take the toasted English muffins and soak up some of the pan juices. Using the chicken breast as a lean to, place it so it faces the front of the plate. Add the sauteed zucchini mixture to the plate and cover the breast and the muffin with the vegetable mirepoix. Garnish with toasted pine nuts., ingredients: [4 chicken breasts with bone, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 celery stalks, sliced, 2 onions, 1 diced, 1 sliced, 1 large carrot, diced, 2 cups chicken stock or chicken bouillon, 1 cup dry white wine, 4 English muffins, cut in half, 1 cup pine nuts, Salt and pepper, 2 medium summer or crookneck squash, cut in rounds, 2 medium zucchini, cut in rounds, 14 teaspoon dried oregano], title: Braised Chicken Breasts on Toasted English Muffins with Vegetable Mirepoix, Toasted Pine Nuts and a Zucchini, Summer Squash and Onion Medley, picturelink: null}, 59099: {instructions: For the Pasta Frolla, combine dry ingredients in food processor and pulse to mix. Cut butter into 8 pieces and add. Pulse to mix in finely. Add eggs and pulse until dough forms a ball. Remove from work bowl, wrap and chill dough.nSoak the wheat in water to cover overnight if possible. Drain the wheat and place in a pan with salt and water to cover by 3 to 4 inches and simmer until tender, about 2 hours. Add water as necessary to keep from drying out and sticking. Cool and refrigerate until needed.nFor the pastry cream, combine sugar and flour in a small, nonreactive saucepan. Stir well to mix and add the milk, slowly, whisking it in smoothly. Whisk in the egg. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until the pastry cream thickens and comes to a boil. Boil, stirring vigorously, about 12 minute. Remove from heat, stir in vanilla and scrape into a clean bowl. Press plastic wrap against the surface and chill.nFor the filling, place ricotta in a mixing bowl and stir the cooled pastry cream to make a smooth, creamy mixture stir in the sugar, eggs and remaining ingredients. Stir in the cooked wheat kernels.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees and set a rack in the lowest level. Butter a 9inch cake pan, 2inches deep. To assemble, cut off 13 of the Pasta Frolla and reserve it. Roll the 23 of the dough into a 14inch disk and line the prepared pan with it. Allow the dough to hang over the edge of the pan. Pour in the filling and sprinkle it with the cinnamon. Roll the remaining 13 of the dough into a 10inch square. Cut it into 10 1inch wide strips. Paint the strips with the egg wash. Moisten the rim of the dough on the pan with the egg wash, and adhere 5 strips in each direction, forming a diagonal lattice. Trim away any excess dough even with the top of the pan and push the dough all around off the top rim of the pan so that it is completely within the pan.nBake about 45 minutes, until the filling is set and the pastry is light golden. Cool in the pan before unmolding. To unmold, invert onto a flat plate, lift off the pan, replace the pan with another plate or platter, then reinvert, so that the Pastiera is right side up. Serve the Pastiera at room temperature., ingredients: [Pasta Frolla, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 large eggs, Cooked Wheat Kernels, 12 cup hulled wheat kernels, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon butter, Pastry Cream, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons flour, 12 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Ricotta Filling, 1 cup 12 pound whole milk ricotta, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon orange flower water, 12 cup diced candied orange peel, Cinnamon, Egg wash: One egg well beaten with a pinch of salt], title: Pastiera Napoletana, picturelink: null}}