{59100: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients into a small, nonreactive saucepan.nBring to a simmer and reduce by twothirds or until the mixture has thickened to the consistency of a loose jam. Remember to keep the heat low to prevent the jam from burning., ingredients: [2 cups Good Eats Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, 4 ounces ginger ale, 1 cup sugar], title: In a Cranberry Jam, picturelink: null}, 59101: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 9inch springform pan with baking spray. Line the bottom of the pan with a circle of parchment paper and spray again.nIn a medium saucepan over low heat, combine the chocolate and butter, constantly stirring until fully incorporated. Remove from heat and set aside.nIn a large bowl add the sugar and eggs. Using a handheld mixer beat together until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. While mixing, slowly add cocoa powder, salt, vanilla extract, and brandy. Add the chocolate mixture and blend until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan.nBake in the center of the preheated oven for about 50 minutes or until a thin crust forms on the top and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out with few crumbs attached. Remove and cool in the pan on a bakers rack. Remove the sides of the pan and dust with powdered sugar and arrange seasonal berries in a pleasing fashion on and around the cake. Serve with Whipped Cream.nWith a handheld mixer, beat the cream until peaks soft peaks form. Add the sugar and brandy and beat until well combined., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 6 eggs, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 13 cup brandy, Powdered sugar, sifted, for garnish, Seasonal berries, for garnish, Whipped Cream, recipe follows, 1 cup whipping cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon brandy], title: Ginas Flourless Chocolate Cake, picturelink: 3VbW9SmuyLXsiPmYnxS.YDuuo0xXggO}, 59102: {}, 59103: {instructions: Preheat over to 275 degrees F.nMix contents of carne adovada marinade with water into an 8 by 10inch baking dish. Mix in the pork and cover with foil and bake for 3 hours. If the sauce is too thin remove the foil and leave the carne adovada in the oven for another 12 hour. If it is too thick, add a little water. Suggest cooking dish 1 or 2 days before serving. The sauce and meat seem to marry more.nServe with beans and tortillas. Sprinkle with longhorn cheese., ingredients: [1 package dry carne adovada marinade, 3 12 cups water, 1 12 pounds boneless country style pork ribs or pork trimmed of bone and excess fat cut into 1inch pieces, Beans, totillas and longhorn cheese, for serving], title: North of the Border Carne Adovada, picturelink: null}, 59104: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Place the potatoes, garlic and 1 tablespoon salt in a large pot with enough water to cover the potatoes. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce to a simmer and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, until very tender.nDrain the potatoes and garlic and process them together through a food mill fitted with the coarsest blade set on top of a bowl. While the potatoes are still hot, stir in the goat cheese, butter, sour cream, halfandhalf, 4 teaspoons salt and 2 teaspoons pepper until smooth.nPour the mixture into a 9by12by2inch oval baking dish, smoothing the top. Sprinkle the Parmesan on top and bake for 30 to 40 minutes, until lightly browned. Serve hot.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [3 pounds large Yukon gold potatoes, peeled and cut in 34inch chunks, 5 large garlic cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 7 to 8 ounces garlicandherb goat cheese, at room temperature, such as Montrachet, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sour cream, 12 cup halfandhalf or milk, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Goat Cheese Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 59105: {instructions: Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and continue to cream. Add salt and vanilla. Add flour all at once and blend just until flour has dissolved. Refrigerate until ready to use. This dough must be used CHILLED., ingredients: [1 13 cups granulated sugar, 10 ounces 2 12 sticks soft butter or half butterhalf shortening, 3 large eggs, 5 13 cups all purpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Sugar Dough, picturelink: null}, 59106: {instructions: For the balsamic reduction: Combine the balsamic vinegar and sugar in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce the heat and simmer until reduced by threequarters of its original volume. Set aside to cool.nFor the parsnip puree: place the parsnips in a heavybottomed saucepan, add enough heavy cream to cover and bring to a slow boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until the parsnips are cooked. Place in a blender and process until smooth. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nNext, carefully remove the connective tissue found on the side of each scallop, if applicable. Pat dry with a paper towel and season both sides with salt and pepper. In a small saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil over high heat to smoke point, then place half of the dry, seasoned scallops in the pan, being careful to not splash the oil. When the scallops are golden brown and have released from the pan, turn over and sear on the opposite side. Add half of the carrots, half of the butter and half of the thyme to the pan. When the butter begins to foam, lower the heat and carefully angle the pan so the butter is to one side, and baste the scallops while they finish cooking. Repeat the process with the rest of the scallops in a new pan or quickly rinse the previous pan.nIn a bowl, mix the arugula with a touch of lemon juice, truffle oil and salt.nServe the scallops on a warm plate over the parsnip puree. Garnish the plate with baby carrots, truffled arugula and the balsamic reduction., ingredients: [4 cups balsamic vinegar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 pound parsnips, peeled and chopped into even pieces, 2 cups heavy cream, Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds large scallops preferably U8 or U10, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 ounces baby carrots, halved lengthways, 4 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 4 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 cups micro arugula or baby arugula, Lemon juice, for garnish, Truffle oil, for garnish], title: Pan Seared Sea Scallops with Parsnip Puree, Baby Carrots, Arugula and Balsamic Reduction, picturelink: null}, 59107: {instructions: Coat the tuna with the marinade and place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Add 12 cup of the olive oil to a medium saute pan and turn on mediumhigh heat. Julienne all of the vegetables and saute them quickly, 3 to 4 minutes. Set aside and keep warm. When the tuna is ready, take it out of the marinade and coat with the black sesame seeds. Pour another 12 cup of olive oil into a medium saute pan. Place on mediumhigh heat and sear tuna on both sides until golden brown. Let the tuna cool for 5 minutes. In a blender, blend the chives and remaining oil and strain. Place the strained mixture into the refrigerator until needed. To serve, mold the rice in a ramkin and place in center of the plate. Place the vegetables on top. Next, slice the tuna into 1inch thick slices. Place them around the rice, making sure to overlap them just a bit. Spoon the chive oil around the plate and garnish with scallions., ingredients: [1 6 ounce fillet sushigrade yellowfin tuna, 1 cup Asian marinade, storebought, 12 cup olive oil, plus 12 cup, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 cup julienne vegetables carrot, zucchini, squash, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds, 1 bunch chives, 1 cup white rice, cooked, 1 tablespoon scallions, thinly sliced], title: Sesame Encrusted Seared Tuna, picturelink: null}, 59108: {instructions: For the tzatziki: Place the cucumber into a strainer or colander over a bowl and squeeze with your hands the shredded cucumber to release the liquid. When the liquid comes to a slow drip, set the strainer into a bowl and set the bowl in the refrigerator to continue to slowly drip for 30 minutes. Make sure the bottom of the strainer does not touch the bowl. The purpose of straining the cucumber is important to retain the thick consistency of tzatziki sauce. You can either discard the cucumber liquid or reserve it to make a refreshing cucumber water drink.nEmpty the yogurt into a medium bowl. Add the strained cucumber along with the garlic, dill, vinegar and oil into the bowl and gently mix with a whisk. When all the ingredients are equally distributed, your tzatziki sauce is ready. Season with salt and pepper, if using. Sauce can be prepared a day in advance and refrigerated.nFor the bifteki: In a medium bowl, add the ground beef, red onion and mint leaves. With your hands, work in all the ingredients until everything is equally distributed. Then add the crumbled cheese and mix, being careful not to overwork the mixture. You want the cheese to stay relatively chunky. Form into a loaf and cut into 6 equal pieces, about 5 ounces each. Form each piece into an ovalshaped meatball and then pat down to form an oval shaped patty. Patties can be prepared a day in advance and refrigerated.nFor the sandwich: Cook each patty on a hot charcoal grill or broiler for 2 to 3 minutes on each side until desired temperature is reached. I like this patty cooked to medium, unlike my burgers that I prefer on the rare side.nLightly toast the baguettes on the grill, if desired. Remove from the heat and then spread 1 tablespoon of tzatziki sauce on the top half of each baguette piece. When the patties are ready, remove from the heat and cut on a bias into 3 equal parts. Spread the cut pieces over the bottom half of the toasted baguette. Top the patty with sliced tomatoes and sliced red onions. Sprinkle some salt and pepper and Spanish smoked paprika, if using. Press both sides of the baguette together and enjoy., ingredients: [1 cup shredded cucumber, seeds discarded, 2 cups plain Greek yogurt see Cooks Notes, 2 to 3 cloves garlic, minced, 6 sprigs fresh dill, chopped, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, optional, 1 12 pounds ground beef, 15 to 25percent fat the fattier, the tastier, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, 35 fresh mint leaves, chopped, 12 pound manouri cheese, crumbled, or feta cheese, 2 long baguettes, each one cut into 3 equal pieces, sliced open, 1 to 3 tomatoes, depending on type or size, sliced, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, Salt and pepper, Spanish smoked paprika, optional], title: Bifteki Burger Sandwich, picturelink: mVLCpI57DeEkcOcKX0gQJFnofbBoKAK}, 59109: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the bread in half, lengthwise.nAdd the garlic, herbs, butter, and Parmesan to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until well incorporated. Alternatively, you could fold the ingredients together using a rubber spatula.nSpread the butter mixture down the inner length of both slices of the bread. Wrap the pieces in aluminum foil and put them onto a sheet tray. Bake until the bread crisps up and the cheese melts, about 10 minutes. At this point, remove the foil, sprinkle the slices with the mozzarella cheese and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Slide the bread back into oven until the cheese bubbles, about 5 minutes. Remove the bread from the oven to a cutting board and slice before serving., ingredients: [One 12inch loaf Italian bread, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 stick salted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup freshly chopped basil leaves, 14 cup chopped flatleaf parsley, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup grated mozzarella, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Neelys Garlic Cheese Bread, picturelink: null}, 59110: {instructions: Preheat 350 degrees F.nUsing a food processor with the grinder attachment, grind the mushroom and eggplant together. In a large bowl, combine the mushroom mixture with the turkey, sirloin, tomato paste, oregano, basil, salt, pepper, Worcestershire sauce, paprika, red onion, garlic and egg until completely blended. Be careful not to over blend.nSpray a nonstick loaf pan once with canola oil cooking spray. Using clean hands, pat the turkey mixture into the pan.nBake for 45 minutes or until internal temperature reaches 160 degrees F., ingredients: [1 large portobello mushroom, 1 small Italian eggplant, 12 pound lean ground turkey breast, no skin added, 12 pound ground sirloin, 1 4ounce can tomato paste, 2 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon crushed black pepper, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon paprika, 14 red onion, chopped fine, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 medium egg], title: Turkey Meatloaf, picturelink: null}, 59111: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the bacon pieces in a single layer on an 18by13inch sheet pan and drizzle with vegetable oil. Bake until crisp and lightly browned, about 15 minutes, stirring halfway through. Remove the pan from the oven but do not drain the fat or remove the bacon. Reduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees.nMeanwhile, whisk the eggs, halfandhalf, scallions, 2 teaspoons salt and 14 teaspoon pepper together in a large bowl. Redistribute the bacon evenly on the sheet pan, then pour the egg mixture over and top with tomatoes and cheese. Return the pan to the oven, being careful not to spill, and bake until the eggs are just set, about 25 minutes.nLet the eggs cool 5 minutes before cutting. Meanwhile, warm the buns in the oven on a separate baking sheet. Use a knife or pizza cutter to cut the eggs into 16 even portions and place them between the bun halves. Serve the sandwiches with hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [8 slices bacon about 8 ounces, cut into 12 inch pieces, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 18 large eggs, 12 cup halfandhalf, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and diced, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 16 potato sandwich rolls, split, Hot sauce, for serving], title: SheetPan Bacon Egg Sandwiches for a Crowd, picturelink: lQxWvMavhX4F3hZ0NyllOekta.kBk3i}, 59112: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, mix thoroughly by hand the ground beef, the chorizo, the adobo seasoning, the grated onion and the bread crumbs. Form the burgers into 6 patties without pressing them too much or they can become tough. Line a baking pan with waxed paper and put the burgers sidebyside in a single layer. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. This will help the burgers hold together. If you make more than you need just separate with waxed paper and insert into a storage freezer bag for future use.nHeat the olive oil in a heavy skillet over mediumlow heat. Add the onions and season with salt and pepper. Add the jalapeno chiles and the brown sugar. Saute for 15 minutes or until the onion and the chiles are caramelized and soft. Set aside.nDrain the roasted red peppers and put them in a blender or food processor. Add the mayonnaise, and season with salt and pepper. Puree the mayonnaise and roasted red peppers until well combined and the mixture is smooth. NOTE: This may be done up to 2 days ahead of time, and in fact the flavor will be more complete with an overnight chilling.nPreheat an outdoor grill or grill pan on the stove top over mediumhigh heat. Place the burgers on the hot grill or pan until cooked to desired doneness. Due to the raw chorizo in the recipe, at least mediumwell is recommended, approximately 10 minutes on each side. In the last 5 minutes of cooking, top the burgers with the slices of cheese so it can melt. If your grill has a lid, putting it on briefly will help the cheese melt quickly and evenly.nTo serve: Spread about 1 tablespoon of the red pepper mayonnaise on both sides of the rolls. Lay a burger on the bottom halves, and top with a couple of spoonfuls of the caramelized onion and jalapeno relish., ingredients: [34 pound ground sirloin, 34 pound ground chuck, 12 pound raw chorizo, casings removed and crumbled, 1 tablespoon adobo seasoning, 1 large onion, grated, 12 cup dry bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large yellow onions, finely sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup bottled and sliced jalapeno chiles, drained, 12 cup dark brown sugar, 2 medium jarred roasted red bell peppers, drained, 34 cup mayonnaise, 6 slices Oaxaca cheese or mozzarella, 6 hamburger rolls], title: Latin Burgers with Caramelized Onion and Jalapeno Relish and Red Pepper Mayonnaise, picturelink: EJRbiNDtseHxFZwDwzh0QgWZO8QaPO}, 59113: {instructions: Slice the cucumber as thin as possible but retaining a full green ring. Sprinkle with salt and let stand an hour. Drain the cucumbers and season with vinegar and sugar. In a few minutes, once the sugar dissolves, the cucumbers are ready to serve., ingredients: [1 Japanese cucumber long English will do, Pinch sea salt, Splash white wine vinegar, Pinch sugar, Caviar, for garnish, Dill sprigs, for garnish], title: Lightly Picked Cucumber and Caviar, picturelink: null}, 59114: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpray halved nectarines with neutralflavored cooking spray. Place flesh side down on a grill pan. Grill about 5 minutes until softened. Place on a plate and drizzle each half with honey, then sprinkle granola over top., ingredients: [2 peaches or nectarines, halved and pitted, 4 tablespoons honey, 12 cup granola], title: Grilled Peaches with Granola, picturelink: n1xU8QPN7vElWkt4VOk3OnuSugK6xCW}, 59115: {instructions: Trim the artichoke leaves and stems and blanch in salted, boiling water with a little of the lemon juice. Use only enough water to cover. When tender remove from the water, cool, and clean. Save the leaves for another use. Discard the hairy choke and save the hearts and stem for the dish. Slice into 18inch slices.nIn a saute pan over high heat, add 1 tablespoon olive oil and saute the fennel in it until tender. Add salt and pepper, to taste, remove and keep warm.nWipe out the saute pan and add in the peanut oil and bring to medium high heat. Salt and pepper the fillets and brown on 1 side about 5 minutes. Turn and saute 2 more minutes and remove from the pan. Add the sliced garlic and 12 of the remaining olive oil and cook 2 minutes. Add the sliced artichokes and saute until starting to brown. Add the tomatoes, white wine, stock, lemon zest and juice, and remaining olive oil and reduce the liquid by 14.nReturn the fish to the mixture, add the capers and basil, and check salt and pepper. Cook 2 more minutes until fish is just flaky and check salt and pepper. Divide the fennel among 6 warm dinner plates and top with the fillets. Sauce with the vegetable mixture and serve., ingredients: [3 large globe artichokes, 12 lemon, juiced, plus 2 lemons, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus 1 tablespoon, 2 bulbs fennel, finely sliced lengthwise, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 6 6ounce rockfish or halibut fillets, 6 cloves garlic, peeled and blanched in 3 changes water, then sliced, 4 plum tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and large diced, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 cup fish or chicken stock, optional, 2 tablespoons capers, 1 tablespoon chiffonaded basil leaves], title: Rockfish with Tomatoes, Capers, Lemon, Artichokes, and Fennel, picturelink: null}, 59116: {instructions: Prepare the rhubarb by putting it in a saucepan with the sugar and 14cup60 ml water. Bring to a simmer and cook until soft. If it seems too runny, simply leave on the heat, stirring, to let some of the liquid evaporate. Remove the pan from the heat and set aside.nBeat the egg white to stiff peaks with the pinch of salt. Heat the sugar with 3 tablespoons of water to thread stage. Cooks Note: Which is just before it starts to color.nWith the beaters going, pour the sugarwater mixture into the beaten egg whites and continue beating until the stiff meringue is cooled. Meanwhile, beat the cream to peaks with the vanilla extract. Fold the two mixtures together.nSpoon the rhubarb in the bottoms of 4 coupes. Top with parfait. Cover and refrigerate for a couple of hours before serving., ingredients: [2 cups300 g sliced rhubarb, 14 cup55 g sugar, 14 cup plus 3 tablespoons water, 1 egg white, Pinch salt, 13 cup sugar, 23 cup150 ml heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Rhubarb Parfait, picturelink: null}, 59117: {instructions: Cook sugar, syrup and water until mixture thickens and bubbles about 230 degrees. Add butter and pecans. Stir continuously and continue cooking until nuts begin to brown or start popping 290 degrees. Remove from heat. Add vanilla and soda and stir thoroughly. Pour quickly in several pieces on large buttered surface. Do not spread with knife or spoon. Allow to cool slightly. Stretch and pull with hands until very thin. The thinner it is stretched, the more brittle it will be. When cooled and hardened, break into small pieces. Store in airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup hot water, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, 2 cups pecans, 1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring, 2 heaping teaspoon baking soda], title: Pecan Butter Crunch, picturelink: null}, 59118: {instructions: Heat about 2inches of oil in a large, heavy bottomed pot over medium heat until a deepfry thermometer reads 365 degrees F. Line a pan with paper towels.nWhile the oil heats slice the potatoes into shoestring fries with the thin julienne attachment of a handheld mandolin or vegetable slicer. Swish the cut potatoes in a bowl of tepid water, and then spin them as dry as possible in a salad spinner. Spread them on towels, and blot with more towelsu2014you want the potatoes bone dry so that they dont spatter in the hot oil.nIncrease the heat to mediumhigh, and working in batches, carefully add the potatoes to the oil and fry until brown and crispy, about 4 minutes. Scoop the fries from the oil with a slotted spoon, and drain on the prepared pan. Repeat with the rest of the potatoes, making sure the oil returns to 365 degrees F. before adding each batch. Season with salt and serve.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, 2 pounds large boiling or baking potatoes, scrubbed, Fine salt], title: Shoe String Fries, picturelink: null}, 59119: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, add the sweet potatoes, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, to taste. Toss to coat and arrange them on a baking sheet. Roast the sweet potatoes until they are soft but not mushy, about 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and reserve.nCoat a large saute pan with olive oil. Add the bacon and put the pan over medium heat. When the bacon has started to get crispy and brown, add the onions, season with salt and saute until the onions are very soft and aromatic. Add the apples and the scallion whites and saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the sweet potatoes, and saute until the sweet potatoes are cooked through and starting to become crispy, about 7 to 8 minutes.nTransfer to a serving platter and garnish with the scallion greens and pumpkin seeds.nFantastico, ingredients: [2 garnet yams, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, 4 to 6 slices thick cut bacon, cut into lardons, 1 large onion, cut in 12inch dice, 2 Granny Smith apples, cored and cut into 12inch dice, 4 scallions, white and green parts separated and thinly sliced, 12 cup green pumpkin seeds pepitas, toasted], title: Sweet Potato, Bacon and Apple Hash, picturelink: NRsBMAiUsTYCdBkqAm444v7FqyMvUL.}, 59120: {instructions: For the marinade: In a medium bowl, whisk together the oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, garlic, cumin, salt and pepper flakes until smooth. Add the chicken and toss until coated with the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or overnight. Can also be made in a resealable plastic bag.nFor the pesto: In a food processor, blend the mint, spinach, cheese, walnuts, garlic, lemon juice, salt and pepper until chunky. With the machine running, slowly add the olive oil until smooth.nPlace a grill pan over mediumhigh heat or preheat a gas or charcoal grill. Spray the grill lightly with vegetable oil cooking spray. Remove the chicken from the marinade. Discard the marinade. Grill the chicken until cooked through, 4 to 5 minutes on each side. Place on a platter and serve with the pesto., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Zest of 1 large lemon, 14 cup fresh lemon juice from 1 large lemon, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Four 4 to 6ounce boneless skinless chicken breasts, 1 12 packed cups fresh mint leaves about 1 large bunch, 1 packed cup baby spinach leaves, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 13 cup chopped walnuts, toasted see Cooks Note, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice from 12 a large lemon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Vegetable oil cooking spray], title: LemonCumin Chicken, picturelink: Um1fKOYQ59x5OKH16iAOT2a1ledgkW}, 59121: {instructions: Temper the white chocolate and green and red cocoa butter separately. With a small paint brush, paint the green and red tempered cocoa butter into small rounds in chocolate molds to resemble an eyeball. Pour the tempered white chocolate into the chocolate molds. Invert and let the white chocolate pour out to 18 thickness. Let set for 20 minutes.nFor the truffle filling: Place the dark and milk chocolate in a 1quart mixing bowl. In a small saucepot, bring the heavy cream to a simmer, and then pour over the chocolate. Add the espresso syrup, stir until smooth and let cool for 20 minutes. Place the cooled chocolateespresso filling into a small pastry bag and fill each of the lined chocolate molds. Place the filled truffle eyeballs into the freezer for 10 minutes.nRemove the filled truffle eyeballs from the freezer, remove from the chocolate molds and serve., ingredients: [6 ounces white chocolate, 1 teaspoon greentinted cocoa butter, 1 teaspoon redtinted cocoa butter, 6 ounces dark chocolate, 6 ounces milk chocolate, 10 ounces heavy cream, 1 teaspoon dark espresso syrup], title: White Chocolate Zombie Eyeballs, picturelink: null}, 59122: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat grill to high.nWrap tortillas in aluminum foil and on the top rack of the grill while the steak is grilling.nHeat grill pan over high heat. Brush steak with oil and season with salt and pepper on both sides. Grill on one side until golden brown and slightly charred, about 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the steak over and cook to mediumrare doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes longer. Let rest 5 minutes then slice against the grain into 14inch thick slices.nFill each tortilla with some lettuce, 3 to 4 pieces of meat, onion, grilled tomato salsa, sour cream, and avocado.nHeat grill to high.nHeat oil in a small saute pan and saute the chiles, onion, and garlic until soft.nBrush tomatoes with oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill on both sides until slightly charred and soft.nTransfer tomatoes and serrano mixture to a food processor add the lime juice and salt and pepper and process until smooth. Add the cilantro and pulse a few times there should be flecks of cilantro in the salsa. Transfer to a bowl., ingredients: [8 6inch flour tortillas, 1 12 pounds skirt steak, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head romaine lettuce, thinly shredded, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 ripe avocado, peeled, pitted, halved and diced, Grilled Tomato Salsa, recipe follows, 8 ounces sour cream, 2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for brushing tomatoes, 2 serrano chiles, 1 small red onion, coarsely chopped, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 6 plum tomatoes, halved and seeded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Skirt Steak Tacos with Roasted Tomato Salsa, picturelink: P27FnprhrZgAMQvEm3FbIfYPDwP1tQe}, 59123: {instructions: Bring 3 12 cups875 ml water to a boil in a large saucepan and salt it. Pour in the couscous and the olive oil, give a quick stir, cover and turn off the heat. Let sit for about 5 minutes. Fluff with a fork to break up any lumps. Check the seasonings, stir in the chopped mint and serve., ingredients: [12 teaspoon salt, 3 cupsabout 450 g quickcooking couscous, 1 tablespoon olive oil, plus more if desired, Leaves from 2 large bunches fresh mint, chopped], title: Minty Couscous, picturelink: null}, 59124: {instructions: 1. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 15x10inch baking pan with cooking spray. Line with a piece of parchment or wax paper. Spray paper with additional cooking spray.n2. Beat eggs, milk, flour, green onion, salt and pepper into large bowl with a wire whisk until well blended.n3. Carefully pour into pan. Bake for 20 minutes or until eggs are set.n4. Cook sausage and mushrooms in a large skillet over medium heat for 45 minutes or until mushrooms are tender. Stir in spinach: cook and stir until spinach is wilted.n5. Loosen eggs from sides of pan and carefully invert onto another piece of parchment or waxed paper. Top with sausage mixture and 34 cup cheese. Rollup.n6. Place on back on baking pan. Top with remaining 14 cup cheese. Bake for 5 minutes or until cheese is melted. Cut into slices., ingredients: [12 eggs, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 green onions, sliced, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 12 cups Jimmy Deanu00ae Hearty Original Sausage Crumbles, 1 cup chopped mushrooms, 4 cups packed spinach leaves, 1 cup 4 ounces shredded cheddar cheese, divided], title: Sausage Spinach Omelet Roll, picturelink: H.IoolBcSAWLQL3zL2Z5YCXumC.mm}, 59125: {instructions: Bake the potatoes in a preheated 400 degree F oven for 1 hour, or until they are tender.nHalve the potatoes lengthwise, scrape the flesh into a bowl, and press them through a ricer into a large bowl. With an electric mixer beat in the butter, 1 tablespoon at a time, the whole eggs, 1 at a time, and the halfandhalf and beat the mixture until it is combined well and smooth. Add 13 cup of Parmesan. Add the nutmeg, pepper, and salt, to taste, and transfer the mixture to a pastry bag fitted with a large decorative tip.nPipe the mixture into 6 rosettes onto a buttered baking sheet and drizzle them with the melted butter and remaining cheese. The rosettes may be chilled, covered loosely, for several hours or overnight. Bake the potatoes in a preheated 350 degree F oven for 10 to 15 minutes for potatoes at room temperature, or for 25 to 30 minutes for chilled potatoes, or until they are heated through. Then, put the baking sheet under a preheated broiler about 6 inches from the heat, and broil the potatoes until the tops are golden., ingredients: [3 pounds baking potatoes, scrubbed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 large eggs, 12 cup halfandhalf or milk, 13 cup plus 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Freshly grated nutmeg, White pepper, Salt, Melted unsalted butter for drizzling over the potatoes], title: Duchess Potatoes, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 59126: {instructions: Heat the peanut oil in a large skillet over high heat to 375 degrees F. Fry the plantain slices in batches until crisp. Drain on paper towels and reserve. Heat a grill or grill pan. Brush the squid with olive oil and season to taste with salt and pepper and grill for 3 minutes on each side. Cut into 2inch pieces.nCombine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nAssembly: Toss the squid, mangoes and arugula with the vinaigrette in a large bowl. Heap the salad onto a large platter and garnish with the fried plantains, red pepper and mint leaves., ingredients: [2 cups peanut oil, 2 green plantains, peeled and sliced very thin on a mandolin, 8 whole squid, skinned and cleaned, Pure olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 ripe mangoes, peeled and diced, 4 cups arugula leaves, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 8 fresh mint leaves, cut into chiffonade, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon pureed canned chipotle pepper, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, cut into chiffonade, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Squid, Fried Plantain and Mango Salad with Fresh Mint and Smoked Chile Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 59127: {instructions: Place the egg yolks and water in a medium mixing bowl and place the mixture over a double boiler, whisking constantly until frothy. Cook until thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, 3 to 5 minutes, removing from the heat for a moment if the eggs become too warm. Whisk in the clarified butter slowly, season with salt and pepper, remove from heat, and whisk in the tomato paste., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon cold water, 12 cup clarified butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon tomato paste], title: Tomato Hollandaise, picturelink: null}, 59128: {instructions: Puree diced watermelon in a food processor. Strain through a fine mesh sieve. Fill martini shaker with ice. Add all ingredients and shake vigorously. Strain into chilled martini glass and garnish with pickled watermelon rind., ingredients: [1 cup watermelon, seeded and diced, 1 12 ounces currant flavored vodka, 1 tablespoon orange flavored liqueur, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon creme de cassis, Pickled watermelon rind, for garnish], title: Watermelon Martini, picturelink: null}, 59129: {instructions: Special Equipment: 1 2ounce ice cream scoop, 1 or 2 halfsheet pans, parchment papernPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, cream the sugars and butter together until fluffy, using either an electric mixer or by hand. When mixture is light and fluffy, add egg, and beat to incorporate. Add vanilla and beat to incorporate.nIn another bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, and salt. Add dry ingredients slowly to butter mixture and mix to thoroughly combine until a soft dough is formed. Stir in chopped chocolate and pecan pieces until blended.nWith a 2ounce ice cream scoop, scoop cookie dough and place 1 caramel into the bottom of each cookie, using extra dough to cover the caramel so that it is not visible. Lightly press each cookie onto the sheet pan or baking sheet, in rows of 3 by 4. Repeat until no dough remains. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, or until cookies are golden on top. More baking time may be needed, depending on your oven., ingredients: [12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups sifted allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 ounces chopped dark chocolate recommended: 2 1.5 ounce Godiva Dark Chocolate Bars, 12 cup chopped pecans, 18 pieces chocolate or vanilla caramels recommended: Godiva chocolate or vanilla caramels], title: Godiva Chocolate Pecan Caramel Cookies, picturelink: null}, 59130: {instructions: In a small pot, bring half and half to a boil. Remove from heat and add to chocolate in a bowl. Stir until chocolate has fully melted.nReturn chocolate liquid to the pot, or refrigerate until ready for use.nBefore serving, add milk. Warm over medium heat, stirring occasionally until it simmers.nPour into individual mugs. Stir in 1 ounce of creme de menthe to each mug just before serving., ingredients: [1 cup half and half, 8 ounces best available quality bittersweet chocolate, chopped finely, 1 12 cups milk, 4 ounces creme de menthe clear or green], title: Hot Chocolate for Consenting Adults, picturelink: null}, 59131: {instructions: Prepare the salad by combining all the vegetables in a large bowl. Combine the tamarind with the sugar and rice wine and toss with the vegetables to marinate while the beef is cooking.nCook the beef in two batches so that each batch is well seared and served medium rare. Heat half the peanut oil in a wok or large skillet until hot. Add half the beef, season with salt and pepper and cook quickly over high heat. As the beef sears well but before it overcooks, remove from the pan and briefly set aside while you repeat the procedure with the remaining beef. When the second batch is similarly cooked, return the first batch of beef to the pan and quickly heat all together.nAdd the ginger, cumin, basil and fish sauce. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes more before serving by pouring over and wilting the marinated vegetable salad.nServe with glutinous rice that has soaked raw overnight and then steamed for 30 minutes., ingredients: [1 cup mung bean sprouts, 1 small kohlrabi, peeled and julienned, 2 carrots, peeled and julienned, 1 pound fresh, raw spinach leaves, well washed and stems discarded, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 2 tablespoons tamarind paste, 4 tablespoons sugar, 3 tablespoons rice wine, 3 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 pound beef flank steak, cut into 14 thick strips, sliced against the grain, Salt and pepper to taste, 2 tablespoons grated ginger, 2 tablespoons roasted and ground cumin seed, 6 to 8 basil leaves, finely shredded, 3 tablespoons Thai fish sauce nam pla], title: Thai Style Beef Salad, picturelink: null}, 59132: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat bottom only of 8inch springform pan or 8inch round cake pan with nostick cooking spray.nPREPARE brownie mix as directed on package using the oil, water and eggs. Bake 50 to 55 minutes. Cool 10 minutes. Run knife around edges of brownie, remove outer sleeve from springform pan. If using round cake pan, invert brownie onto cooling rack, then turn right side up. Cool completely.nSPREAD preserves over cooled brownie to within 12inch of edge.nPOINT fivestar tip of at a 45degree angle to outer edge of brownie. Press nozzle, creating a ribbon of frosting as you move across the middle of the brownie, dividing it in half. Add 3 more equally spaced ribbons, about 12inch apart, on each side of center ribbon. Turn brownie a quarter turn to the right. Create another ribbon across the middle, overlapping the previous ribbons. Add 3 more ribbons, about 12inch apart, on each side of center ribbon.nMAKE a zigzag border by pointing fivestar tip straight down at edge of brownie. Press nozzle, moving it quickly in a zigzag motion, about 34inch wide, all around the edge, being careful not to run off the outer edge., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 19.5 oz. pkg. Pillsburyu00ae Chocolate Fudge Family Size Brownie Mix, 12 cup Criscou00ae Pure Vegetable Oil, 14 cup water, 2 large eggs, 34 cup Smuckersu00ae Red Raspberry Preserves, 1 13.5 oz. can Pillsbury Easy Frostu00ae Decadent Chocolate Fudge NoFuss Frosting], title: Raspberry Brownie Indulgence, picturelink: null}, 59133: {instructions: Cook the potatoes and parsnips in salted boiling water until cooked through but not falling apart. Drain them, and transfer them to a large bowl. Meanwhile, heat the butter, cream and buttermilk in a nonreactive sauce pot. Add the cream mixture and the salt and pepper to the potatoes. If using a hand mixer, work on low speed and mix the potatoes and parsnips until smooth and well combined. If you like, run the mixture through a food mill in order to remove any lumps. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 golden potatoes, peeled and quartered, 1 pound parsnips, peeled and cut into inch pieces, 13 cup heavy cream, 14 cup buttermilk, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter preferably high fat, 12 tablespoons sea salt, 14 tablespoons white pepper], title: Buttermilk Parsnip Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 59134: {instructions: For the dough: Combine the flour, salt, curry powder, and butter in a food processor and pulse to combine.nIn a separate bowl combine water, vinegar, and egg yolks. Add wet mixture to the food processor, and pulse until a ball forms. Cover dough in plastic wrap and let rest in refrigerator for 12 hour.nHeat oil in saucepan over medium heat, add onions, scallions, thyme, and Scotch bonnet peppers. When onion begins to soften, add ground beef, salt, and enough water to barely cover the meat. Simmer, over low heat, for 20 minutes. Add bread crumbs and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll the dough out to 18inch thick. Cut the dough into 6inch circles. Place 2 tablespoons of the meat filling onto half of each dough round. Brush the edges of the dough with the egg wash. Fold the dough over the filling to make a half moon shape and press to seal. Place the patties on a parchment lined cookie sheet and place in the oven for 25 to 35 minutes. If making the cocktail size, cut the dough into 3inch circles., ingredients: [3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons curry powder, 1 cup cold butter or shortening, 34 cup iced water, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 2 egg yolks, 2 tablespoons peanut oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 4 sprigs scallions, sliced, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme, 12 teaspoon Scotch Bonnet pepper, chopped, 1 pound ground beef, 1 teaspoon salt, Water, 1 cup bread crumbs, Fresh ground pepper, Egg wash 1 egg beaten with 14 cup water], title: Jamaican Beef Patties, picturelink: null}, 59135: {instructions: Saute the garlic in the olive oil in a large saucepan until a golden brown. Boil 4 cups water in a large pot. Once the water is boiling, add the linguine and cook until al dente, about 7 minutes. Add the pasta to the saucepan along with the crushed red pepper and 1 cup of the water used to boil the pasta. Open the sea urchin with scissors and remove the insides eggs. Add the eggs to the saucepan and saute with the pasta for 5 to 10 minutes before serving. Garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [4 cloves garlic, chopped, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound boxed linguine, 1 pinch crushed red pepper, 1 sea urchin 5 ounces of eggs, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley], title: Pasta con Ricci, picturelink: null}, 59136: {instructions: Place 2 baking sheets in oven and preheat to 500 degrees F.nPeel cucumbers. Cut them in 12 to remove seeds and slice them widthwise into slices about 18inch thick.nCore the tomatoes and dice into 12inch pieces.nOn a lightly floured surface, using a rolling pin, roll dough balls into a circle about 8 inches in diameter and about 18inch thick. With a spoon divide the hummus evenly between the 4 dough rounds and spread thin to cover the entire surface.nRemove the baking sheets from oven and sprinkle evenly with cornmeal. Transfer the prepared dough rounds to the baking sheets and bake until slightly underdone lightly browned but still pliable, about 8 to 12 minutes.nWhile the dough rounds are baking, toss together the cucumber slices, diced tomatoes, oregano, garlic, chili flakes, olive oil, and vinegar, season with gray salt and pepper, to taste.nLet the baked dough cool slightly then top with the cucumber salad divided evenly among the 4 doughs. Crumble feta cheese over the top and serve open faced., ingredients: [2 English cucumbers, 4 tomatoes, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, 4 4ounce pizza dough rounds, 16 ounces prepared hummus, Coarse cornmeal, for sprinkling on baking sheets, 34 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon dried chili flakes, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Sea salt, preferable gray salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound feta cheese], title: Hummus Piadine with Cucumber and Feta Salad, picturelink: vYVkmnq3.jYtmGsVDhPOVGCmtMiWfK}, 59137: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the eggs, halfandhalf, mayonnaise, and flour. Add the remaining ingredients. Place the piecrust in a deep, 9inch pie dish. Pour the egg mixture into the crust and bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour or until the top is golden brown., ingredients: [4 eggs, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons flour, 13 cup minced onions, Salt and garlic powder, 8 ounces shredded Swiss or sharp cheddar cheese, 1 package frozen chopped spinach, 1 premade piecrust], title: Quick Quiche, picturelink: null}, 59138: {instructions: In a heavy pot or Dutch oven, add the chopped bacon and cook over medium heat just until the fat begins to render, about 4 minutes. Add baked beans, ketchup, brown sugar, hot pepper sauce, and honey and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce the heat slightly to maintain a simmer for 25 to 30 minutes, or until flavors are combined., ingredients: [12 pound slab bacon, thickly sliced and chopped into 12inch dice, 2 32ounce cans baked beans, 12 cup ketchup, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons hot pepper sauce, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Baked Beans, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 59139: {instructions: Special equipment: an ovenproof skillet and butchers string 8 by 8 by 2inch baking pan and parchment papernPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nTie the beef with butchers string and rub with the olive oil. Combine the rosemary, parsley, thyme, and garlic and pat the mixture on the beef. Season the beef with salt and pepper.nOver high heat sear the beef in an ovenproof skillet, turning to brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Place the skillet directly into the oven and roast the beef for 20 to 25 minutes. Let the beef rest for 10 minutes before removing the string and slicing.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine the bottom and sides of an 8 by 8 by 2inch baking pan with parchment paper. Rub the parchment paper with butter and a little bit of the garlic. Lay the potatoes in overlapping rows to cover the bottom of the parchment paper. Sprinkle with some of the cheese and garlic. Repeat the layering process until all the potatoes, cheese and garlic have been used.nWhisk together the eggs, cream, salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Pour the egg mixture over the potatoes. Press down on the potatoes to distribute the egg mixture. Cover the dish with parchment paper and bake for 1 12 hours. Remove the parchment paper from the top for the last 20 minutes to brown the top.nAllow the flan to rest for at least 15 minutes before turning out of the pan and cutting into serving sizes. This dish is best made a day ahead, then portioned and reheated in 400 degree F oven for 10 to 15 minutes.nIn a medium pot heat the olive oil over mediumhigh heat, add the onions, and cook for 7 minutes until soft, stirring frequently. Stir in the sugar and salt, and cook for a further 7 minutes. Add the port and vinegar, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer for 30 minutes or until thickened. Stir in the thyme. Keeps for 1 week stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container, ingredients: [2 pounds center cut beef tenderloin, trimmed, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh rosemary, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh Italian parsley, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Potato Flan, recipe follows, 1 cup Red Onion Marmalade, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, 9 Yukon Gold potatoes, very thinly sliced about 3 pounds, 12 pound gruyere, grated, 3 eggs, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 cup ruby port, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme], title: Herb Crusted Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 59140: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRice and beans, for serving, if desirednHeat grill to medium.nGrill and char the chiles on both sides. Once blackened put in a plastic bag for 10 minutes to sweat out any moisture. Remove from the bag, slit them down the middle and remove the seeds. Stuff the peppers with the queso fresco and use toothpicks to hold them together.nSeparate the egg yolks from the whites. Add the egg whites to a large bowl. Reserve the egg yolks. Beat the egg whites with an electric beater until the whites fluff up. Add in the flour and the egg yolks and mix until completely incorporated.nAdd the oil to a frying pan over medium heat. Dip the stuffed peppers into the batter and fry until golden brown on both sides. Remove from the oil to a serving platter.nAdd the tomatoes and water to a small pot over medium heat. Simmer the tomatoes until soft and stir in the garlic and chicken broth powder.nAdd the 14 cup of oil to a frying pan, over low heat, and stir in the flour to make a roux mixture. Cook the flour until browned, then add the tomato sauce. Simmer for 5 minutes and then add the oregano.nPour the tomato sauce over the cooked chile rellenos on the serving platter and serve.nIf desired, serve with rice and beans., ingredients: [4 pasilla chiles, 1 pound queso fresco cheese, Toothpicks, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup oil, 4 medium Roma tomatoes, halved, 1 cup water, 2 garlic cloves, peeled and chopped, 1 tablespoon chicken broth powder, 14 cup oil, 1 teaspoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon chopped oregano leaves], title: Chile Relleno, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 59141: {instructions: LINE 8 or 9inch square pan with wax paper.nMELT chocolate chips with 1 cup sweetened condensed milk in heavy saucepan over low heat add vanilla. Spread half the mixture into prepared pan chill 10 minutes or until firm. Hold remaining chocolate mixture at room temperature.nMELT white confectioners coating with remaining sweetened condensed milk in heavy saucepan over low heat mixture will be thick. Add peppermint extract and food coloring, if desired. Spread on chilled chocolate layer chill an additional 10 minutes or until firm.nSPREAD reserved chocolate mixture on mint layer. Chill 2 hours or until firm. Remove from pan by lifting edges of wax paper peel off paper. Cut into squares., ingredients: [2 cups 12 oz. pkg. semisweet chocolate chips, 1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, divided, 2 tsps. vanilla extract, 6 oz. white confectioners coating or 1 cup 6 oz. premium white chocolate chips, 1 tbsp. peppermint extract, Green or red food coloring optional], title: Layered Mint Chocolate Fudge, picturelink: AEBVn3tHIp982R.Ar9chnzoeNMcX8gG}, 59142: {instructions: Put the apple cider, cinnamon sticks, cloves, black peppercorns and star anise in a small saucepan and bring to a simmer. Immediately strain the mixture into 4 mugs, divided evenly. Top with the bourbon.nSprinkle a small amount of cinnamon on top of each and garnish with an apple slice., ingredients: [16 ounces apple cider, 2 cinnamon sticks, 2 cloves, 2 black peppercorns, 1 star anise, 8 ounces bourbon, Ground cinnamon, in a shaker, for sprinkling, 4 apple slices], title: Spiced BourbonApple Cider, picturelink: KwyvSjdYNXTVokxWkb.dKJHszhNkt6}, 59143: {instructions: Grill the hot dogs until well browned and hot. Transfer the hot dogs to buns and top with the toppings of your choice., ingredients: [All beef hot dogs, as needed, Poppy seed buns, as needed, Grilled sliced onions, as needed, Diced tomatoes, as needed, Mild banana peppers, needed, Sweet relish, as needed, Catsup, as needed, Mustard, as needed, Celery salt, as needed], title: Wrigley Field ChicagoStyle Grill Cart Hot Dog, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 59144: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet, liberally, with vegetable cooking spray. Set asidenLay the potatoes and zucchini on 2 kitchen towels. Bring the corners of the towels together and squeeze out the moisture from the vegetables. Place the vegetables in a large bowl. Add the garlic, chopped rosemary, 14 cup Parmesan cheese, bread crumbs, egg whites, salt, and pepper. Mix well until all ingredients are combined.nIn a 12inch nonstick skillet, heat the vegetable oil over medium heat. Add the vegetable mixture to the pan. Using a spatula, press the mixture evenly into the pan. Drizzle the top with olive oil and sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese. Cook for 8 minutes or until the edges of the mixture begin to brown. Slide the pancake, cooked side down, onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until the top of the pancake starts to brown and the edges are crispy.nIn a small bowl, beat the mascarpone until smooth and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nCut the pancake into 1 12inch squares and arrange on a serving platter. Pipe or spoon the seasoned mascarpone on top and garnish with a few fresh rosemary leaves., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and grated, 2 medium zucchini, grated, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, plus leaves, for garnish, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus 1 tablespoon, 14 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 2 egg whites, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra for seasoning, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Olive oil, for drizzling, 1 12 cups mascarpone cheese, at room temperature], title: Crispy Zucchini and Potato Pancakes, picturelink: t06lGiQIcF.1Qn.WRaRQWJ8KB6SRrHy}, 59145: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nRinse berries. Halve berries reserve a few for garnish, one per person. Place halved berries in a small glass bowl and sprinkle with sugar. Toss berries and sugar. Spoon soft French vanilla ice cream over berries and smooth. Cover bowl and place in freezer. When you serve berries and ice cream, garnish each dish with remaining berries., ingredients: [1 pint ripe strawberries, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 pint French vanilla ice cream, softened], title: Red and White Delight: Strawberries and Ice Cream, picturelink: Z0qcTTMA5R1auc6zcWxDPR56qCkl7q}, 59146: {instructions: Heat oil in wok. Stirfry mushrooms for a few seconds. Add soy sauce, rice wine, oyster sauce, sugar, garlic and chicken stock. Turn the heat down and cook about 8 minutes longer. Serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 8ounce can straw mushrooms, 3 cups button mushrooms, washed and sliced, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine, 1 teaspoon oyster sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup chicken stock], title: Braised Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 59147: {instructions: To Make the Sauce: Mix the chipotle chile and orange juice in a minifood processor until pureed. Add the next 9 marinade ingredients, pulsing to combine.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut small slits in the roast, cutting with the grain and insert garlic slivers and an equal number of thyme sprigs. Rub the roast liberally with salt, pepper, and ground cumin.nIn a Dutch oven or heavybottomed roasting pan, combine butter and olive oil. When bubbling, add the roast to the pan and turn to brown on all sides about 8 minutes. Add 12 cup wine and the onion to the pan and place in the oven. After 20 minutes, start basting the roast with the sauce. Continue to baste until the meat reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees F, about 1 hour total.nTransfer the roast to a carving board, tent with foil and allow to rest for at least 10 minutes before carving.nMeanwhile, spoon off any excess fat from the pan then deglaze with 14 cup wine when bubbling add chopped figs, orange segments, and 1 teaspoon fresh minced thyme. Simmer gently for about 10 minutes, until the figs are soft. Remove from the heat and puree using an immersion blender. There should be some chunks remaining in the marmalade.nTo Serve: Remove twine and slice pork 12inch thick. Top slices with a generous spoonful of the marmalade and garnish with thyme sprigs, or for a buffet, present the whole roast on a nest of watercress or arugula and orange peel curls. Add the marmalade to each serving as your carve.nCooks Note: It is very important that there is a thin layer of fat on the roast and that it is all naturalnot water and nitrate plumped., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chipotle in adobo including some liquid, 14 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses, 12 teaspoon toasted cumin seeds, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, Pinch cinnamon, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar, 1 boneless pork loin roast, about 3 pounds wrapped and tied with some fat left on, 2 cloves garlic, slivered, Fresh thyme sprigs, plus extra, for garnish, Kosher salt, Black pepper, Ground cumin, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Up to 1 cup dry white wine, 1 onion, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped, dried mission figs, 1 orange, segmented, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, Watercress sprigs, for garnish, Orange peel curls, for garnish], title: Loin of Pork with Fig, Pomegranate, and Chipotle, picturelink: null}, 59148: {instructions: Make the garam masala: Put the cinnamon sticks, cloves, and green and black cardamom seeds in a spice grinder and pulse until finely ground. Store in an airtight container, away from direct sunlight, up to 6 months.nMake the nuts: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Mix the peanuts, pecans, coconut, vegetable oil, cumin, coriander, 2 teaspoons of the garam masala and 1 teaspoon salt in a bowl and pour onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake 40 minutes, rotating halfway through for even baking. Remove from the oven and allow to cool. If you want, serve the nuts in little parchmentpaper conesnPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [3 large cinnamon sticks, broken into pieces, 3 tablespoons whole cloves, 2 tablespoons green cardamom seeds from 14 cup green pods, 1 tablespoon black cardamom seeds from 4 black pods, 1 cup unsalted roasted peanuts, 1 cup roughly chopped pecans, 14 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, Kosher salt], title: IndianSpiced Nuts With Coconut, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 59149: {instructions: Cut pound cake in half lengthwise and trim halves to cover bottom of glass trifle dish, or a 9 inch straightsided glass bowl. Sprinkle cake with Sherry to soak, and spread cake with jam, heating jam if necessary to facilitate spreading. Place berries, kiwi and peaches on top of cake.nHeat the milk in top of double boiler over mediumlow heat until film forms on it. Beat the eggs with the sugar and vanilla in a double boiler until it forms a ribbon. Then slowly pour the hot milk into the eggs, beating all the time. Place the mixture in a heavy saucepan and stir over low heat until the custard coats the back of a spoon, 10 to 15 minutes. Dont let it boil. Strain it through a fine sieve. Cool the custard in a bowl set in ice water, stirring occasionally. Pour cooled custard over the fruit. Refrigerate, covered, at least 4 hours.nWhip cream to soft peaks. Beat in powdered sugar and continue beating until stiff. Spread whipped cream over the trifle and garnish with strawberries., ingredients: [8 egg yolks, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups whole milk, 12 pint whipping cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, strawberries, for garnish], title: English Trifle, picturelink: null}, 59150: {instructions: In a large saucepan, mix the sugar, cocoa powder, vanilla, cinnamon, and salt. Stir in 2 cups water and the espresso. Cook over low heat until the ingredients are dissolved. Off the heat, stir in the coffee liqueur. Transfer to plastic containers and refrigerate until very cold.nFreeze the mixture in an ice cream freezer according to the manufacturers directions. The sorbet will still be soft place it in a plastic container and freeze for 1 hour or overnight, until firm enough to scoop., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 12 cup very good cocoa powder recommended: Pernigotti, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 cups water, 14 cup brewed espresso 1 shot, 112 tablespoons coffee liqueur recommended: Tia Maria], title: Chocolate Sorbet, picturelink: GwlQ77hB9S8OvpbHDxALwrnYPBQMoS}, 59151: {instructions: Cook sugar, syrup and water until mixture thickens and bubbles about 230 degrees. Add butter and pecans. Stir continuously and continue cooking until nuts begin to brown or start popping 290 degrees. Remove from heat. Add vanilla and soda and stir thoroughly. Pour quickly in several pieces on large buttered surface. Do not spread with knife or spoon. Allow to cool slightly. Stretch and pull with hands until very thin. The thinner it is stretched, the more brittle it will be. When cooled and hardened, break into small pieces. Store in airtight container., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup hot water, 1 tablespoon butter or margarine, 2 cups pecans, 1 teaspoon vanilla flavoring, 2 heaping teaspoon baking soda], title: Pecan Butter Crunch, picturelink: null}, 59152: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, add the butter and allow to warm. Then add the celery and onions. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook, stirring with a spoon, for 15 minutes. Once cooked, remove the pan from the stovetop.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut the Texas toast cubes in a 12by18inch roasting pan. Add the celery mixture, stock, sage, parsley, garlic, salt and pepper. Gently mix and allow to rest for 20 to 30 minutes. During the rest, stir gently again with a spoon, ensuring not to break the bread apart. After resting and marinating the bread, cover with foil and bake until set, 30 to 45 minutes. Once cooked, remove from the oven and serve., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks butter, 1 cup smalldiced celery, 1 cup mediumdiced onions, 1 loaf Texas toast, medium diced, 30 ounces chicken stock, 3 tablespoons fresh sage leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, minced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoons salt, 1 tablespoon ground white pepper], title: Herb Stuffing, picturelink: 8PhdBPTcuiT4xsmgcwWKVfixA6q2U0G}, 59153: {instructions: Put the broth and quinoa in a medium sized saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, until liquid is absorbed and grain is tender.nMeanwhile, toast the nuts in a large dry skillet over mediumhigh heat until golden brown and fragrant, about 2 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove nuts from pan and set aside. Heat the oil in the same skillet over a mediumhigh heat. Add the onions and cook stirring occasionally, until the onions soften and begin to brown, about 6 minutes.nWhen the quinoa is done, fluff with a fork and transfer to a large serving bowl. Stir in the pine nuts, onions, and parsley. Season with salt and pepper and serve., ingredients: [2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup quinoa, rinsed, 14 cup pine nuts, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 large onion, chopped, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Quinoa Pilaf with Pine Nuts, picturelink: ZbBGsjxvfe7ZYmz40GPpjVoDm7Bu}, 59154: {instructions: Pat olive oil and dry rub over the ribs making sure all the ribs are covered completely in the rub and let sit overnight, refrigerated, in a nonreactive container.nCombine the sesame teriyaki marinade and honey, mix well and using hands completely cover the ribs with mixture. Let stand for at least 1 hour.nLight gas grill and set on a low to medium flame, placing soaked hickory wood chips wrapped in foil over the flames. Slow roast the ribs turning occasionally for about 1 hour.nRemove when done and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 14 cup dried garlic and herb rub with Cajun spices, 2 pounds pork spare ribs, 12 cup sesame seed teriyaki marinade, 2 tablespoons honey, Hickory wood chips, soaked], title: Sesame TeriyakiHoney Glazed Pork Ribs, picturelink: b5KRQ9hxkdje67EqbSvBiBZdXSvbUi}, 59155: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the rice in strainer. Rinse under cold water until water runs clear. Drain well.nTransfer rice to heavy medium saucepan. Add 1 14 cups fresh cold water and kelp to pan. Cover and let soak 30 minutes. Uncover, discard kelp and bring mixture to boil. Reduce heat to low. Cover and cook until water is absorbed and rice is just tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat. Let stand covered 15 minutes. Transfer rice to large glass bowl.nCombine vinegar, sugar and salt in small saucepan. Stir over low heat until sugar dissolves. Drizzle mixture over rice. Gently toss rice with vinegar mixture to coat. Cover rice with clean damp towel and cool completely at room temperature do not refrigerate.nWhisk together the mayonnaise, mustard, chipotle, honey and oil season with salt and pepper.nPlace sushi mat on a work surface with slats running crosswise. Arrange 1 sheet nori, shiny side down, on mat, lining up a long edge of sheet with edge of mat nearest you. Using damp fingers, gently press 14 of rice onto nori in 1 layer, leaving a 1 34inch border on side farthest from you. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.nFlip the nori and rice over so that the nori is now the top layer. Make a thin line of cucumber along the nori 1 to 2 inches from the edge closest to you. Drizzle some of the spicy mayonnaise mixture over the cucumbers, then spoon on the tuna and sprinkle with cilantro and scallions. Roll tightly, using the sushi mat to guide you. Slice about 112 inches thick. Repeat with remaining ingredients to make a total of 4 rolls., ingredients: [2 cups mediumgrain white rice such as Calrose, 2 12 cups cold water, 1 4inchsquare piece dried kelp konbu, wiped lightly with dry cloth, 14 cup rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 8 14 by 7 14inch sheets roasted nori, Sushi rice, 1 cup white sesame seeds, 12 Kirby cucumber, peeled, seeded, and cut into 116inchthick matchsticks, 1 14 pounds fresh tuna, finely diced, 12 cup coarsely chopped cilantro leaves, 3 scallions, thinly sliced], title: Spicy Tuna Roll, picturelink: 43ivlaDh5PhDq.OZCedUgq7i0Sok1u}, 59156: {instructions: Heat a grill pan or outdoor grill over high heat.nDrizzle extravirgin olive oil over the fish and season with salt and pepper. Grill 4 minutes on each side until fish is firm but not tough and cooked through. Grill bread alongside or char under broiler then dress with extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper as well.nPreheat a skillet over mediumhigh heat.nWhile fish cooks, peel the orange as you would a melon: cut off ends, stand it upright and cut off skin and pith in thin strips from top to bottom. Cut orange across into thin slices.nTo preheated skillet add extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, the fennel and onions, season with salt and pepper and cook 3 to 5 minutes until seared and beginning to soften. Add vinegar to the pan and give it a shake. Remove from heat and toss in the oranges, the parsley and oregano. Adjust seasoning and serve salad on dinner plates topped with fish, and seasoned bread alongside., ingredients: [4 6ounce halibut filets, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons plus some for drizzling, Salt and pepper, Crusty bread, cut into thick slices, 1 orange, 1 bulb fennel, quartered, core removed, thinly sliced, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, a couple of splashes, Handful flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 sprigs], title: Grilled Halibut with Fennel, Red Onions and Oregano, picturelink: F4pWZzY91TkAvdv.zlBmaQFAOl1CVAO}, 59157: {instructions: Combine basil, olive oil, salt, and pepper in a food processor and process until smooth.nBring 5 quarts of water to a simmer and remove from heat.nIn a large mixing bowl, break apart the curd into small pieces it is best to use your hands. Season the curd with kosher salt.nCarefully pour the hot water over the curd. Using 2 long wooden spoons, carefully but quickly begin working the curd, forming it into a smooth, lumpless ball. Once curd is of smooth texture, remove from water and place onto a plastic film lined sheet pan.nEvenly stretch the mozzarella on the sheet pan to cover the entire surface. Spread a thin layer of the basil puree on the mozzarella. Place a thin layer of the prosciutto di Parma over the basil puree. Using the underlying film, begin rolling the mozzarella tightly, forming a pinwheel.nWrap the entire log of mozzarella in plastic wrap and place into refrigerator. Allow to rest for 8 to 24 hours.nSlice the mozzarella log into 1inch pieces. Dredge in flour, then in egg wash and then lightly coat with bread crumbs. Reserve in refrigerator until time to pan fry.nPan fry in oil until golden brown on both sides., ingredients: [1 pound fresh, cleaned basil tops no stems, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 3 pounds whole milk, fresh curd, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 pound thinly slice prosciutto di Parma, approximately, 1 pound allpurpose flour, for dredging, 10 eggs, beaten, for egg wash, 1 12 pounds fine bread crumbs, 2 cups oil approximately, for frying], title: Mozzarella in Carrozza Mediterraneo, picturelink: P3SXxnHBKxRxf8ZkoRs2yF.eZuc1kW}, 59158: {instructions: Mix the wine, liqueur and sugar in a pitcher, stirring to dissolve the sugar, then add the fruit.nRefrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 1 day.nAdd the seltzer just before serving.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 bottle 750 ml dry red wine, 14 cup brandy, 14 cup orange liqueur, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 sliced oranges, 1 sliced green apple, 1 12 cups seltzer], title: Red Sangria, picturelink: P9xOjnk3WHOtNvQ5OGEwGVh1igG6ceS}, 59159: {instructions: Special equipment: A blender my preference or a food processor A pot for cooking the spaghettinRinse the cherry tomatoes and basil leaves and pat them dry.nDrop the tomatoes into the blender jar or food processor bowl followed by the garlic clove, the almonds, basil leaves, peperoncino and 12 tsp salt. Blend for a minute or more to a fine puree scrape down the bowl and blend again if any large bits or pieces have survived.nWith the machine still running, pour in the olive oil in a steady stream, emulsifying the puree into a thick pesto. Taste and adjust seasoning. If youre going dress the pasta within a couple of hours, leave the pesto at room temperature. Refrigerate if youll use it longer storage, up to 2 days, but let it return to room temperature before cooking the pasta.nTo cook the spaghetti, heat 6 quarts of water with 1 tablespoon salt, to the boil in the large pot. Scrape all the pesto into a big warm bowl.nCook the spaghetti al dente, lift it from the cooking pot, drain briefly, and drop onto the pesto. Toss quickly to coat the spaghetti, sprinkle the cheese all over, and toss again. Serve immediately in warm bowls., ingredients: [34 pound about 212 cups cherry tomatoes, very ripe and sweet, 12 large fresh basil leaves, 13 cup of whole almonds, lightly toasted, 1 plump garlic clove, crushed and peeled, 14 teaspoon peperoncino or to taste, 1 tablespoon and 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon coarse sea salt or kosher salt, or to taste, plus more for the pasta, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound spaghetti, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano or Grana Padano], title: Annas Spaghetti and Pesto Trapanese Pesto alla Anna, picturelink: null}, 59160: {instructions: Bring a few inches of water to a boil in a saucepan that can hold a heatproof stand mixers bowl above the water. Add the egg whites, sugar, cream of tartar and salt to the bowl and whisk together by hand. Set the bowl above the boiling water and whisk until the mixture is warm to the touch and the sugar dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to the stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment and beat at mediumhigh speed until the whites are cooled and form a stiff meringue, about 5 minutes. If not using immediately, cover and store at room temperature., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 34 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch of fine salt], title: SevenMinute Frosting, picturelink: null}, 59161: {instructions: For the marinade: Whisk all ingredients together. Pour marinade over meat. Marinate meats in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or overnight. Drain meat, reserving marinade. Strain marinade and set aside.nTo Assemble Stew: Add bacon fat to large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add meat and saute until browned, about 8 minutes. Add onions and saute briefly. Deglaze with wine. Add stock and strained marinade. Add nutmeg and cayenne pepper. Add chopped vegetables. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and bake: 3 hours at 275 degrees F or 2 hours at 300 degrees F or 1 12 hours at 350 degrees F. or cook in a slow cooker for 6 to 8 hours. Serve hot, garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [1 12ounce can beer, 1 small onion, medium dice, 14 cup yellow mustard, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 4 cloves garlic, minced or crushed, 6 juniper berries, crushed optional, 2 bay leaves, 12 peppercorns or 2 teaspoons ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons bacon fat or oil, 3 to 4 pounds mixture of wild game meat, 1 medium onion, medium dice, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups stock game or chicken, 1 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cayenne, 2 to 3 carrots, sliced, 3 stalks celery, sliced, 12 pound mushrooms, sliced, 2 12 cups peeled and cubed potatoes, 1 turnip, peeled and cubed, Salt, Pepper, Chopped parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Game Bag Stew, picturelink: null}, 59162: {instructions: Vinaigrette: In a very small saucepan boil sherry until reduced by about half and let cool. In a bowl whisk together sherry reduction, balsamic vinegar, garlic, shallot, sugar, salt and pepper to taste. Add oils in a stream, whisking until emulsified. Whisk in herbs. Reserve 14 cup vinaigrette for dressing mesclun. Transfer remaining vinaigrette to a large sealable plastic bag. Discard stems from mushrooms. Add mushrooms to bag and seal, pressing out excess air. Put bag in bowl. Marinate mushrooms, chilled, turning bag once or twice at least 15 minutes and up to 2 hours.nRemove mushrooms from bag, letting excess vinaigrette drip off. Grill on hot grill for about 5 minutes on each side or until done.nIn a bowl toss mesclun with reserved vinaigrette and salt and pepper to taste and divide among 4 plates. Transfer mushrooms to cutting board and slice into 1inch slices. Transfer sliced mushrooms to plates and garnish with with curls of ricotta salata., ingredients: [13 cup mediumdry Sherry, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced shallot, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt, to taste, Pepper, to taste, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons finely chopped mixed fresh herbs such as basil, parsley, thyme, sage and chives, 4 large portobello mushrooms, 6 ounces mesclun, 4 ounces ricotta salata], title: Grilled Marinated Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 59163: {instructions: Bake the Tater Tots as the label directs. Transfer to a bowl add the parmesan, season with salt and pepper and toss. Set aside.nMeanwhile, bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Drain and transfer to a medium bowl toss with 1 tablespoon butter, the lemon zest, and salt and pepper to taste. Cover to keep warm.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the pork chops with salt and pepper add to the skillet and cook until browned, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate and let rest.nAdd the garlic to the skillet and cook until lightly browned, about 30 seconds. Add the lemon juice and chicken broth cook until reduced by half, about 3 minutes. Swirl in the remaining 3 tablespoons butter. Spoon the pan sauce over the pork chops and serve with the Tater Tots and green beans.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 pound frozen Tater Tots, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces green beans, trimmed and halved, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Finely grated zest and juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 4 34inchthick boneless centercut pork chops 1 12 pounds, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth], title: Lemon Garlic Pork Chops with Parmesan Tater Tots, picturelink: OR0cC2SQlgojJzn8XpUVphfPUuIi}, 59164: {instructions: Set up a fryer, or heat 2inches oil in a heavybottomed saucepan, fitted with a highheat thermometer, to 360 degrees F.nTo make the filling: Use cheesecloth to squeeze water out of tofu by tightly wringing and squeezing with your hands, or place tofu in a colander lined with 2 damp paper towels and press down with a heavy bowl or pot on top to squeeze moisture out. Pour tofu into a mixing bowl, add remaining filling ingredients and use hands to mix well. Fill a small bowl with water. Place 1 to 2 teaspoons of filling in the center of a dumpling wrapper. Wet the outer edge and fold to make a halfcircle. Pinch dough together to seal, pushing air out as you work. Repeat process until the remaining dumplings are all assembled. In batches, deepfry dumplings until golden, about 3 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the oil and drain on paper towels. Transfer dumplings to a serving platter or bowl and serve with the dipping sauce.nWhisk all the ingredients in a serving bowl to combine and serve with the dumplings.nYield: about 13 cup sauce, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 pound firm tofu, broken up, 6 ounces ground beef 12 cup 7 ounces bean sprouts, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup diced carrot, about 1 small, 1 scallion, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 2 teaspoons salt, 40 round dumpling potstickergyoza wrappers, Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 14 cup soy sauce 1 tablespoon sesame seeds, toasted, 2 teaspoons unseasoned rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes], title: Korean Yaki Mandu, picturelink: null}, 59165: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and put rolls on a baking sheet. In a small bowl stir salt and caraway seeds. In a small saucepan bring 12 cup water to a boil and in a small bowl dissolve cornstarch in remaining 2 tablespoons water. Add cornstarch mixture to boiling water and boil, stirring, until thickened. Remove mixture from heat and brush it onto tops of rolls. Sprinkle rolls with salt and seeds and bake in middle of oven until crisp, about 5 minutes., ingredients: [12 fresh kaiser rolls, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon caraway seeds, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons water, 1 12 teaspoon cornstarch], title: Quick Kummelwecks, picturelink: null}, 59166: {instructions: Mix all the ingredients except the balsamic glaze together in a bowl or other container, cover, and let sit in the refrigerator overnight.nThe next day, remove the thyme and blend all the ingredients in a blender until the gazpacho is smooth. You will have about 2 quarts. For a smoother texture, strain the soup to yield about 1 quart. Refrigerate the gazpacho until ready to serve.nTo complete: Ladle the cold soup into bowls and squeeze dots of balsamic glaze over the top.nHeat the vinegar in a heavy saucepan over medium heat until steam rises from the liquid. Place the saucepan on a heat diffuser and let the liquid reduce very slowly it shouldnt simmer for 2 to 3 hours, until it has reduced and thickened to a syrupy glaze. There should be approximately 1 cup of glaze. Keep the glaze in a squeeze bottle at room temperature for garnishing: if the glaze is too thick, warm the bottle in hot water to loosen the glaze., ingredients: [1 cup chopped red onions, 1 cup chopped green bell pepper, 1 cup chopped English cucumber, 1 cup chopped and peeled tomatoes, 1 12 teaspoons chopped garlic, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 14 cup tomato paste, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 3 cups tomato juice, Sprig of thyme, Balsamic Glaze see below, 2 cups balsamic vinegar], title: Gazpacho, picturelink: null}, 59167: {instructions: Special equipment: a 10 12inch springform pannPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nLine the bottom of the springform pan with a layer of the kataifi. Bake until golden brown, 10 minutes. Then cool completely.nReduce the oven temperature to 300 degrees F.nPlace the pistachios, cinnamon and cloves in a food processor and process until the nuts are chunky and uniform in size. Do not over process. Reserve half of the nuts for a later use.nSprinkle the first half of the nuts over the baked pastry spread most of the nuts towards the edges of the pan and fade to a light coating in the center of the pan. This will create a nice crust on the back of each piece when the dessert is cut and served.nIn a large mixing bowl mix together the ricotta, cream, sugar and vanilla with a large spoon. In a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or by hand with a whisk, whip the egg whites to stiff peaks. Fold the egg whites into the ricotta mixture with a spatula or rubber scraper. Pour the mixture into the pan over the nuts. Sprinkle the remaining nuts on top of the ricotta mixture similar to the first time, with most of the nuts on the outer edge and fade to lightly coat the center. Spread the remaining sheet of kataifi on top of the cake, covering the entire surface.nBake until golden brown and the cake is set, 1 hour 30 minutes.nCool the cake completely.nPour the hot Citrus Syrup over the cooled cake, then cut and serve.nPlace the sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest and orange zest in a medium saucepan set over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil then lower the heat to mediumlow and simmer until the mixture achieves a syrup consistency, 20 minutes., ingredients: [One 16oz package kataifi shredded phyllo dough, 1 cup raw, unsalted pistachios, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 3 pounds ricotta cheese, 12 cup heavy whipping cream, 15 cup about 3 14 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 12 cup egg whites, 1 cup Citrus Syrup, warmed, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 lemon, zested, 12 orange, zested], title: Torta Kataifi, picturelink: zoUd817ba7.CS35Bl2Hl7NvPMb0P0kq}, 59168: {instructions: Cook 12 cup red quinoa as the label directs. Put 3 shucked ears of corn in a bowl with a few tablespoons of water loosely cover and microwave until tender, about 3 minutes. Cool, then cut off the kernels. Toss the quinoa and corn with 1 chopped large heirloom tomato, 2 sliced scallions, 3 tablespoons each olive oil and lime juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and a pinch of cayenne.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: QuinoaCorn Salad, picturelink: 8DdFoAPtXUoqdXUOHyLlLWs8zv8JddW}, 59169: {instructions: Mix together passion fruit pulp, almond oil, apple cider vinegar, and honey. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Set aside.nMix together red leaf lettuce, arugula, and Boston lettuce. Top greens with peppers, cucumbers, and tomatoes. Add passion fruit dressing and toss., ingredients: [1 cup passion fruit pulp, 12 cup almond oil, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 head red leaf lettuce, 1 bunch arugula, 1 head Boston lettuce, 12 red pepper, julienned, 12 orange pepper, julienned, 12 yellow pepper, julienned, 1 cucumber, peeled and sliced, 1 package pear or cherry tomatoes], title: Mixed Greens with Passion Fruit Dressing, picturelink: null}, 59170: {instructions: Cut the cornbread into 1inch cubes about 12 cups. Place on a baking sheet and leave out several hours or overnight, until completely dried out.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Add the bacon to a skillet and saute until cooked and almost crisp, about 7 minutes. Remove to a plate and wipe out any grease. Melt the butter in the skillet throw in the onion, celery and red pepper and cook, stirring, 4 to 5 minutes, until they are soft. Add the jalapeno and garlic and saute 2 minutes more. Pour in the chicken broth. Add the parsley and rosemary, season with salt and pepper and cook for a couple of minutes, then turn off the heat.nPour the cornbread into a bowl and spoon in some of the broth mixture. Keep adding broth, tossing as you go, until its all mixed in. Season with salt and pepper, add the bacon and toss again. If you like your dressing extra moist, add a little more broth. Pile the dressing into a 3quart casserole pan and bake, uncovered, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve piping hot.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nAdd the cornmeal to a large bowl along with the flour, baking powder, salt, basil, sage and thyme and stir together.nMeasure the buttermilk in a measuring cup, add the whole milk and egg and stir together with a fork. Add the baking soda and stir. Pour the milk mixture into the dry ingredients and stir with a fork until just combined. Do not overmix.nIn a small microwavesafe bowl, melt 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons shortening in the microwave and slowly add to the batter, stirring constantly until combined.nIn a 10inch castiron skillet over high heat, melt the remaining tablespoon of butter and shortening. Pour the batter into the hot skillet, spread to even out the surface and cook over high heat for 1 minute. Then get it into the oven straightaway and bake until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. The edges should be crispy., ingredients: [2 batches Herbed Cornbread, recipe follows, 6 slices bacon, chopped, 1 stick butter, 1 large onion, diced, 5 stalks celery, diced, 1 large red bell pepper, diced, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 cups lowsodium chicken broth, plus more if needed, 12 bunch parsley, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 12 teaspoon dried sage, 12 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup whole milk, 1 large egg, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 3 tablespoons salted butter, 3 tablespoons shortening], title: Southern Stuffing, picturelink: CJ4iC6F08i9zpbLSjoVvT3htLR62Ife}, 59171: {instructions: With a wooden spoon, blend the garlic and salt together. In a saucepan, heat the garlic mixture, pepper, onion, cumin and oil. Saute on low until the onion is translucent. Add the orange juice and lime juice and heat to a simmer. Serve over chunks of boiled yucca., ingredients: [12 garlic cloves, crushed and minced, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground pepper, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup olive oil, 14 cup lime juice, 34 cup orange juice], title: Caribbean Garlic Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59172: {instructions: In a small pot, combine sugar with 34 cup water bring to a boil and cook until sugar is dissolved, stirring occasionally. Cool slightly. Put the sugar mixture, tofu, chocolate, vanilla, cinnamon, and chili powder in a blender and puree until completely smooth, stopping machine to scrape down its sides if necessary. Divide among 4 to 6 ramekins and chill for at least 30 minutes. If you like, garnish with chocolate shavings before serving., ingredients: [34 cup sugar, 1 pound silken tofu, 8 ounces highquality bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, melted, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon chili powder, or more to taste, Chocolate shavings, optional], title: Mexican Chocolate Tofu Pudding, picturelink: null}, 59173: {instructions: Heat milk in a small pan over moderate heat until it comes to a boil.nIn blender or food processor combine egg, sugar, a pinch of salt, semisweet chips, and liqueur. Run processor or turn on blender to low setting. Pour in boiling milk in a slow stream. The hot milk will cook egg and melt chocolate. Process or blend 1 minute, until smooth.nSpoon chocolate into 4 demitasse cups and chill. After dinner, beat cream until soft peaks form. Add a little sugar and beat to combine. Top the chocolate cups with a dollop of cream and garnish each cup with mint sprigs.nPlace cups on saucers and serve with demitasse spoons. If you use teacups, this recipe will yield 2 cups, rather than 4., ingredients: [23 cup whole milk, 1 egg, 2 tablespoons sugar, Pinch salt, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 2 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur or dark rum, 4 demitasse cups, 1 cup whipping cream, Mint sprigs, for garnish, optional], title: Decadent Duo for Decadent Duos: Chocolate Cups with Whipped Cream, picturelink: Z0qcTTMA5R1auc6zcWxDPR56qCkl7q}, 59174: {instructions: In a food processor, blend raspberries with lemonade concentrate until smooth. Pass through a sieve to remove seeds. In a large bowl, combine raspberry mix with water, orange juice and tequila. Float sliced lemons in punch., ingredients: [2 cups frozen raspberries, thawed, pureed and seeded, 1 large container frozen lemonade, 1 quart water, 2 cups orange juice, 1 12 cups tequila, 3 lemons, sliced], title: Raspberry Margarita Punch, picturelink: null}, 59175: {instructions: Whip cream until doubled in volume and soft peaks have formed. Fold in the sugar and vanilla., ingredients: [1 cup creme fraiche, well chilled, 13 cup confectioners sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla], title: Creme Chantilly, picturelink: null}, 59176: {instructions: Pour the juice into a large pitcher. Add the pepper, salt, Worcestershire sauce, lemon juice, celery seed, hot sauce, and jalapenos. Stir well. Serve over ice with celery sticks as stirrers., ingredients: [1 46ounce can vegetable juice, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon celery seed, 4 shakes hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 4ounce can pureed pickled jalapenos, Celery sticks, for garnish], title: Blood Mary with a Kick, picturelink: QwqFOQZDeBLwFp0XijhqzQtyeapfFZ2}, 59177: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill for direct grilling, high heat.nToss the potatoes with the canola oil, 2 tablespoons chopped dill, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Transfer to a grill basket and grill, tossing occasionally, until golden brown and cooked through, about 10 minutes.nCombine the mayonnaise, cider vinegar, horseradish, mustard, honey, and salt and pepper to taste, and whisk to combine. Slowly whisk in the olive oil.nDrizzle some of the dressing over the bottom of a large serving platter or shallow bowl. Pour the warm potatoes on top. Scatter the Smoked Trout over the potatoes, then the watercress and dill fronds. Dust with more smoked paprika and drizzle a generous amount of dressing over all.nCombine the salt, sugar and 4 cups water in a 4quart container and stir until the salt has dissolved, 1 to 2 minutes. Add the trout, making sure they are submerged. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 3 hours.nRemove the trout from the brine, rinse thoroughly with cold water and pat dry. Place the trout skinside down onto a rack set in a half sheet pan. Dry in the refrigerator until the skin becomes shiny and somewhat tacky to the touch, 21 to 24 hours.nPrepare the smoker using the alder or applewood chips so that it maintains a temperature of 150 to 160 degrees F.nPlace the trout onto the smoking racks, skinside down, separating them by at least 14inch and place into the smoker. Adjust the heat as needed and cook until the fish has cooked through, darkened in color around the edges and has the desired level of smoke flavor, about 20 minutes. Remove from the smoker and cool. Remove the flesh from the skin and gently break into big chunks., ingredients: [2 pounds fingerling potatoes, parcooked in salted water, drained and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, plus 14 cup fronds for serving, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, plus more for serving, 2 to 3 tablespoons canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, 14 cup olive oil, Smoked Trout, recipe follows, 1 large bunch watercress, woody stems removed, 12 cup kosher salt, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 8 trout fillets, skin on, Special equipment: Alder wood or applewood chips, soaked in cold water for at least 2 hours], title: Smoked Trout Salad with Grilled Fingerlings Potatoes and MustardDill Vinaigrette, picturelink: 4Nyo7JOPgjUuhkKXAcRlLrC7UImHfYm}, 59178: {instructions: Heat a cast iron skillet or griddle over mediumhigh heat.nGrind the chorizo in a food processor into very small crumbles. Place the ground chorizo and ground pork in a bowl and season with Worcestershire, smoked paprika, salt and pepper. Add a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil to the meat mixture and combine. Form 12 patties that are thinner at the center than the edges. Cook the sliders 3 minutes per side. Pile shredded cheese onto the burgers for the last minute of cook time to melt.nMeanwhile, place the avocados in a food processor. Add the lemon juice, garlic, cilantro, if desired, and cream, and process until very smooth and mayolike in consistency.nServe the sliders on rolls topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, and avocado cream sauce., ingredients: [12 pound Spanish chorizo, casing removed and coarsely chopped, 1 34 pounds ground pork or beef, About 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon smoked sweet paprika, a scant palmful, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, 12 pound Manchego cheese, shredded, 2 avocados, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 large clove garlic, pasted or grated, A small handful fresh cilantro leaves, optional, About 14 to 13 cup light cream, 12 slider rolls or split brioche rolls, Small Bibb lettuce leaves, for topping, Sliced plum tomatoes, for topping, Sliced small red onion, for topping], title: Chorizo Sliders, picturelink: 93VwRwkL8T20jrw2HGlwlQ.85EvIYHC}, 59179: {instructions: To make the marinade, stir together marinade ingredients and reserve 14 of marinade for sauce. Put steak and remaining marinade in a glass dish turning steak to coat, and marinate at room temperature, turning once, 30 minutes. While steak is marinating, cut apples and mango into 1 14inch sticks. Toss together with juice and chili sauce and season with salt. Preheat broiler. Broil steak on rack of broiler pan 2 to 3 inches from heat until slightly charred, 2 to 3 minutes on each side for medium meat. Let steak stand 5 minutes. Cut crosswise. Toss beef in reserved marinade with salt and pepper to taste and divide among lettuce leaves. Top with fruit and sesame seeds., ingredients: [12 cup soy sauce, 14 cup rice vinegar not seasoned, 13 cup chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced peeled fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoons Asian chili sauce, 1 34 pounds skirt steak, 2 small red apples such as Gala, 1 firmripe mango, peeled and pitted, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 teaspoon Asian chili sauce, or to taste, Salt, 60 3 to 4inch long Bibb lettuce leaves, Toasted sesame seeds], title: Korean Barbecued Beef, picturelink: null}, 59180: {instructions: 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveinednPlace 6 cups of water in a medium saucepan. Add lemon halves, white wine, bay leaf, peppercorns and salt, to taste. Bring to a boil and add the shrimp. Cook for 1 minute or until the shrimp turn pink. Immediately plunge shrimp into a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking process. Strain the shrimp and place into a bowl in the refrigerator until ready to use. In a large pitcher, mix 1ounce vodka for every 6 ounces Bloody Mary mix. Season with cracked pepper, hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce, olive juice and shake. Serve in decorative glasses with skewered shrimp as garnish., ingredients: [6 cups water, 1 lemon, halved, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 bay leaf, 12 teaspoon peppercorns, Salt, 1 bottle of your favorite vodka, 1 bottle of a good store bought Bloody Mary mix, 1 teaspoon cracked pepper, Hot sauce, to taste, Worcestershire sauce, Olive juice, to taste, Bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 to 60 minutes], title: Bloody Mary Shrimp Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 59181: {instructions: Butter a 13 by 9 by 2inch cake pan. Line the bottom with wax or parchment paper, butter the paper, and dust the pans with flour, shaking out the excess.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nInto a small bowl, sift together the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. In an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or a hand held mixer beat together the sugar, butter, and the peanut butter until the mixture is light, creamy and combined well, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the sour cream, vanilla, and the water. Add the flour mixture and mix until just combined. Transfer batter into the prepared pan, smoothing the top. Rap the pan three times on a hard surface to expel any air bubbles. Place the cake in the middle rack of oven, bake for 20 minutes, rotate the pan, and continue to bake another 20 minutes or until a tester comes out clean.nLet the cake cool in the pan on a rack for 10 to 15 minutes. Run a thin knife around the edges of the pans, invert the cake onto the rack, discard the paper, and let it cool completely. The cake may be made one day in advance and wrapped well.nMake the frosting: In a heavy bottom pan slowly heat the heavy cream. When the cream just comes to a boil pour it onto the chopped chocolate. Add the corn syrup and mix well with a wooden spoon or rubber spatula. Let mixture cool for about an hour or until it is firm enough to spread.nAssemble the train: Trim the edges off of the cooled cake to make a perfect rectangle about 12 inches long. Slice the cake in half horizontally into 2 layers. Spread the jam on the bottom layer and place the remaining layer back on top of the jam. Cut the cake directly down the middle into halves and cut again into quarters. At this point, there should be 4 equal pieces of cake. Continue to take each quarter of the cake and cut into 3 equal rectangles. You should end up with 12 2 inch wide pieces of cake. Take 1 piece of the cake and set aside. Frost each piece of the remaining pieces with the frosting. Take the reserved piece and cut it in half. Arrange it on top of one of the other pieces to form an engine car. Once the cake is frosted, arrange them like a train on a licorice track and decorate them with the candy and nuts. Serve the cake with ice cream., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon doubleacting baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 2 large eggs, 1 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 23 cup water, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 pound milk chocolate, broken into pieces, 1 tablespoon light corn syrup, 1 cup strawberry jam, Assorted candy and nuts for decoration, such as thick and thin licorice for the track, nonpareils for the wheels. Candy covered chocolate, chocolate cigarettes, candycoated licorice, jujubes, and silvered almonds for the cargo., Vanilla ice cream, as a accompaniment], title: Peanut Butter Train Cake with Milk Chocolate Frosting, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 59182: {instructions: Blanch beans in a large pot of boiling, salted water until barely tender, about 1 minute. Immediately refresh in a bowl of iced water. Tie each bean in a series of knots, 1inch apart. Then cut between knots, so each piece has a knot in its center. Combine beans with tomatoes and zucchini in a large bowl and toss with dressing from Thai Melon Salad., ingredients: [1 pound Chinese long beans, ends trimmed, or regular green beans but not tied into knots, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 small zucchini, grated with skin], title: Tied Bean Salad, picturelink: null}, 59183: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLay bread out on a sheet tray and drizzle with olive oil, season with salt and pepper and toast lightly. Spoon a dollop of bechamel onto each toast. Arrange 2 slices of ham on each slice of toast and nestle it into a nest shape so the egg will rest in the center. Crack egg and drop into nest on each toast. Bake in oven until eggs are just cooked but the yolk is still slightly runny, about 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, if needed.nMake the bechamel sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour and stir constantly to incorporate  you do not want any color. Gradually pour in the milk as you stir, and whisk out any lumps. As the mixture thickens up continue to stir until it reaches a boil  this ensures that the flour is cooked completely. Using a microplane or a fine grater, grate nutmeg into bechamel and season with salt and pepper. Set aside and keep warm., ingredients: [8 thickcut slices country bread, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Bechamel, recipe follows, 16 slices shaved serrano ham, 8 eggs, 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 heaping tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups whole milk, 18 teaspoon grated whole nutmeg, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mother Hen Toast: Gallina De Madre, picturelink: y7DX2N2X6MdkcsIXkM3FNwUnCNC3bj6}, 59184: {instructions: For the syrup: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the water, sugar, ginger, cinnamon, and cloves. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the sugar has dissolved.nRemove the pan from the heat and allow the syrup to cool, about 20 minutes. Remove and discard the ginger, cinnamon, and cloves.nFor the espresso: In an 8ounce glass measuring cup, whisk together the boiling water, espresso powder, and liqueur, if using, until the powder is dissolved. Set aside to cool.nCombine 1 cup syrup with the espressohazelnut liqueur mixture in a large martini shaker. Add the Kaluha and shake to combine. Pour over icefilled glasses and serve., ingredients: [1 cup water, 1 12 cups sugar, 1inch piece fresh ginger, thinly sliced, 2 cinnamon sticks, 3 whole cloves, 1 cup boiling water, 2 tablespoons instant espresso powder, 3 to 4 tablespoons hazelnut liqueur recommended: Frangelico, optional, 4 ounces 12 cup Kahlua], title: Gingerbread Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 59185: {instructions: Early in the day prepare the pork loin and marinade. Rinse pork loin to remove any unwanted smells and pat dry with paper toweling. Remove pork to a nonreactive container. Place the limes and lemons in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave until the essential oils in the skin are released. Since these will be hot coming from the microwave, you will need to set them aside briefly, until they cool just enough to handle. Blend the garlic cloves and the garlic pepper seasoning in a blender, then while the blender is still running, squeeze the juice of the limes and lemons through the feed tube to make a paste. With the blender still running, add the oil in a thin stream. Rub the paste into the pork, cover and leave refrigerated for 2 hours.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. In a large saute pan with an oven safe handle, heat the oil and sear the pork loin on all sides. Roast covered in oven until fork tender, at least 45 minutes. Transfer pork to a utility platter and let rest in a warm place before slicing.nThe pork can also be cooked on the grill. Heat grill to mediumhigh heat. Wrap pork in a foil pouch in which you have shaken 1 tablespoon flour, and cook over indirect heat on the side of the grill opposite the direct heat source for about 1 hour 45 minutes to 2 hours. Let pork rest before slicing.nWhile the pork is cooking, prepare the aioli. Add peaches, mayonnaise, and cilantro to a food processor and blend until smooth. Season with salt and white pepper, to taste.nLay slices of pork loin on rolls and spoon peach aioli over. Garnish with cilantro sprigs., ingredients: [1 4pound pork loin, 2 limes, 2 lemons, 5 to 6 garlic cloves, 12 cup Irvine Spices Roasted Garlic Pepper Seasoning, as needed for rub, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 large ripe fresh peaches, peeled, pit removed and sliced, or 1 cup drained canned peaches, 12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons cilantro, finely chopped, plus 12 small sprigs for garnish, Salt and freshly ground white pepper, 12 Kaiser rolls, or crispy crusted round rolls], title: Lemon Pepper Pork Loin Sandwiches with Peach Aioli, picturelink: PWaneIL1AoosdJlzYXqfgulSWwsM1q}, 59186: {instructions: For the escabeche: Slice the onions in thin halfmoons and set aside. Brown the garlic in the oil in a skillet over high heat. Then add the cumin seeds to scent the oil. Add the onions and rosemary and saute at a high heat. When the onions are sauteed, but before they turn soft, add the red vinegar and remove from the heat. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the brandade: Add the salt cod to a pot, cover generously with cold water and bring to a boil. Drain the water, and then add the potatoes, milk and garlic. Bring to a boil and cook until the potatoes are soft. Drain the liquid and discard.nAdd the salt codpotato mixture to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Slowly add the heavy cream and olive oil. Whisk until the ingredients are evenly disbursed, about 3 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Put the brandade into an ovensafe dish and broil until golden brown peaks appear on the top, about 8 minutes. Remove from the oven and place the escabeche on top. Drizzle with the olive oil and chopped parsley and serve with toast points., ingredients: [2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary, 3 tablespoons red vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 small red onions, 1 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, 1 pound salt cod, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 pound potatoes, cut into 1inch cubes, 4 cups milk, 4 cloves garlic, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, Chopped fresh parsley, Flax seed toast points or other sourdough or sturdy bread], title: Brandade with Escabeche, picturelink: F6djQj3NYLPzushNFuGdliEqlmHLbqy}, 59187: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Clean the beef shoulder and then split it in half. Rub meat with garlic. Heat oil in a large pan over mediumhigh heat, and then add beef and sear until golden brown on all sides. Add cranberry juice and deglaze pan, scraping the bottom with a wooden spoon to remove any browned bits. Transfer beef and pan juices to a roasting pan with the Cranberry Sauce and Veal Stock. Roast for approximately 5 hours, or until meat is completely tender and pulling apart. Serve with Garlic Mashed Potatoes.nPlace all ingredients in a medium saucepan and slowly bring to a simmer over medium heat. Reduce heat to mediumlow or low and let sauce reduce until thickened and the sauce comes together, about 1 hour.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Roast the bones in the oven for 1 hour. Put the roasted bones in a large pot and add water to cover. Add all other ingredients and simmer for 24 hours. Drain stock and discard bones.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Over medium heat, bring to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are tender. Drain potatoes and add to a mixing bowl. Add all remaining ingredients and mash with an electric mixer or hand mixer to desired smoothness. Yield: 8 to 10 servings, ingredients: [10 pounds scalped beef shoulder, Garlic cloves, for rubbing beef, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 quart cranberry juice, Cranberry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 gallons Veal Stock, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, serving suggestion, recipe follows, 3 cups whole cranberries, 6 ounces sugar, 2 cups water, 12 pounds veal bones, 9 quarts water, 1 12 pounds mirepoix mix of chopped celery, onions, and carrots, 1 standard sachet of garlic cloves, peppercorns, parsley stems, and bay leaves, 1 can tomato paste, 2 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled, 4 ounces chopped roasted garlic, 34 cup halfandhalf, 4 ounces 1 stick butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Shaker Cranberry Pot Roast, picturelink: 1k.ywifka5nr8c0C08S0zkdOzBnTTvu}, 59188: {instructions: Preheat corn oil to 350 degrees F.nBegin by combining the warm milk and yeast in a mixing bowl with a dough hook. Add the flour, eggs, butter, sugar, salt, and vanilla. Mix until all ingredients are incorporated. Cover dough with plastic wrap, and let it rise for 30 minutes.nRemove dough from bowl, and place on a lightly floured surface. Shape or roll out dough, and cut into desired shapes. Carefully place a few doughnuts at a time in fryer, and fry for approximately 3 minutes, or until golden brown.nTo serve, glaze or garnish with chocolate, raspberry, or any of your favorite fillings and toppings., ingredients: [34 cup milk, warmed, 12 ounce dry yeast, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoons butter, softened, 14 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon vanilla], title: Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 59189: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nBlind bake the pie shell. Set aside to cool.nIn a small saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Add the chopped chocolate and remove from the heat. Mix until the chocolate is melted.nWhisk in the sugar, eggs, liqueur, flour, salt, and vanilla. Pour the filling into the pie shell. Bake for 28 to 30 minutes, or until the chocolate moves slightly. Let cool completely on a rack at room temperature.nServe the pie by itself, topped with whipped cream., ingredients: [One 9inch pie shell, homemade or storebought, 12 cup unsalted butter, 3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, chopped, 34 cup granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten, 13 cup creme de cacao liqueur, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Serving suggestion: whipped cream, For the milkshake option:, 2 cups whole milk, 1 quart really good vanilla ice cream or mint chip ice cream, 8 fullsize York Peppermint Patties, 1 cup whipped cream, 8 mini York Peppermint Patties, for garnish], title: Grasshopper Chocolate Mint Chess PieMilkshake, picturelink: null}, 59190: {instructions: In a large nonstick saute pan set over medium heat, cook the pancetta in batches until crispy, 3 to 4 minutes each side. Let drain on a paper towel and set aside.nFor the aioli: In a food processor, add in the garlic and pulse. This not only breaks down the garlic, but it seasons the bowl. Then add in the lemon juice, mustard, sugar and egg yolks. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Process until combined, about 10 seconds. Then slowly stream in the oil while the machine runs. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, add in the Romano cheese and process for 10 more seconds. Taste and adjust the seasoning with more lemon juice, salt and pepper if necessary.nFor the sandwich build: Lightly toast the bread. Smear some aioli on each slice of bread. Top with 2 slices tomatoes, some avocado slices, 2 pieces of crisp romaine and 3 to 4 slices of crispy pancetta. Bite like a king., ingredients: [8 ounces pancetta, thinly sliced, 1 small clove garlic, 1 12 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Pinch of sugar, 2 large egg yolks, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup canola oil, 2 tablespoons grated Pecorino Romano, 8 slices sesameencrusted Italian bread, cut on the diagonal, 2 heirloom tomatoes, cut into 14inchthick slices, 1 heart romaine lettuce, cleaned, 1 ripe avocado, sliced into 14inch strips and drizzled with lime juice to prevent browning], title: PLAT  Pancetta, Lettuce, Avocado and Tomato with Romano Aioli, picturelink: rLJA80B2M8pLR.a744mzoy1lY3QEWSW}, 59191: {instructions: Heat your grill. Season pork chops with steak seasoning, salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a saute pan and add hot peppers, yellow bell peppers, basil and garlic, cooking over medium heat until light golden brown. Grill pork chops to desired doneness and arrange on serving platter with peppers and garlic mixture., ingredients: [8 to 10 1inch thick cut or thicker pork chops, 4 tablespoons Irvine Spices Calgary Steak Seasoning, Salt, Pepper, 12 cup olive oil, 10 to 15 long hot peppers, cut into strips, 3 to 4 yellow bell peppers, cut into strips, 12 bunch basil, leaves chopped fine, 6 cloves garlic, left whole], title: Grilled Pork Chops with Long Hots and Yellow Bell Peppers, picturelink: XsKcAgOhjtTGI3fpd0SsWFTdhRjwESG}, 59192: {instructions: 1. Heat the oven to 400 degrees F. Unfold the pastry sheet on a lightly floured surface. Cut the pastry sheet into 25 about 2inch squares.n2. Spoon about 2 teaspoons cheese in the center of each pastry square. Top each with about 12 teaspoon chutney and about 12 teaspoon walnuts. Brush 2 opposite pastry corners with water. Fold the pastry corners up over the filling and overlap slightly at the top, forming an openended envelope, and press to seal. Place the filled pastries onto 2 baking sheets.n3. Bake for 15 minutes or until the pastries are golden brown. Sprinkle the pastries with the thyme before serving, if desired., ingredients: [12 of a 17.3ounce package Pepperidge Farmu00ae Puff Pastry Sheets 1 sheet,thawed, 1 cup crumbled goat cheese, 14 cup cranberry chutney, 14 cup finely chopped toasted walnuts, minced fresh thyme leaves optional], title: Goat Cheese, Cranberry Chutney and Toasted Walnut Envelopes, picturelink: RoOQdTo09uJq6m6jVPcdecxXpsvuKty}, 59193: {instructions: In a 3quart soup pot, heat olive oil over medium high heat. Saute the onion and garlic, stirring often until onions are translucent, about 5 to 7 minutes. Add broth and tomatoes, turn heat up to high, and bring to a boil. Add the tortellini and cook according to package instructions. When tortellini is almost done, add spinach and taste, adjusting seasonings with salt and pepper. Serve immediately. Garnish each serving with a sprinkling of Parmesan., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup minced onion about 12 small onion, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 to 6 cups broth, chicken or vegetable, One 14ounce can whole tomatoes, crushed through your fingers or coarsely chopped, One 9ounce package fresh tortellini or 4 servings dried tortellini, Coarse grained salt and cracked black pepper, 10 ounces fresh or frozen spinach, defrosted and chopped, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, very loosely packed], title: Tortellini Tomato Spinach Soup, picturelink: null}, 59194: {instructions: For the Mousse: In a small saucepan over medium heat stir together the milk with the sugar and the espresso powder until the milk is hot, but not boiling, and the sugar is dissolved. Place the chocolate chips in a blender.nPour the hot milk over the chips. Run the blender on high until combined, a few seconds. Add the egg whites and run the blender on high until light, about 1 minute. Transfer the mousse to 4 small serving cups. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator until firm, about 3 hours.nFor the Cream: In the bowl of an electric mixer, stir together thenmascarpone cheese and the orange juice until smooth. Add the cream,npowdered sugar, and orange zest. Whip until the cream has soft peaks, about 1 minute. Whip the cream just before serving the mousse or cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator until ready to serve.n When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon instant espresso powder, 1 cup bittersweet chocolate chips, 3 large egg whites, 14 cup mascarpone cheese, room temperature, 2 tablespoons fresh squeezed orange juice, 12 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon orange zest], title: Espresso Chocolate Mousse with Orange Mascarpone Whipped Cream, picturelink: u8Q8AwexokIPGzLMBqJbkAQzNbMfi4e}, 59195: {instructions: Place the flour in a resealable plastic bag and season with the garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper. Place the chicken pieces in the bag with the flour and toss to coat work in batches. Transfer the breadcrumbs to a rimmed plate, season with salt and pepper and set aside.nWhisk the egg and 1 tablespoon water in a medium bowl. Remove a piece of chicken from the flour, dip in the egg mixture, then the breadcrumbs, gently pressing the crumbs into the chicken, and set on a clean plate. Repeat with the remaining pieces of chicken.nHeat the vegetable oil in a large frying pan over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken pieces to the pan work in batches if needed and brown on each side, about 8 minutes total. Use a spatula to transfer the chicken nuggets to a papertowellined plate. Salt while hot and serve., ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, Kosher salt and ground black pepper, 2 boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into 1 12inch pieces, 1 cup prepared breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 1 cup vegetable oil], title: Homemade Chicken Nuggets, picturelink: qMF0WFpRRK.dTCvLP11xCiYHo5B6J6}, 59196: {instructions: Steep the 8 tea bags in 4 cups of boiling water for about 10 minutes. Discard the tea bags. Combine the tea with the apple juice and refrigerate until cold. Serve over ice., ingredients: [4 Celestial Seasonings Lemon Zinger tea bags, 4 Celestial Seasonings Red Zinger tea bags, 4 cups pure apple juice], title: Herbal Iced Tea, picturelink: null}, 59197: {instructions: Start with a 20quart pot filled over 13 with fresh cold water. In the pot add crab boil mix to the water. Squeeze juice from 2 of the lemon quarters into the water, and drop in the rinds. Add the garlic cloves, red and green pepper slices, mushrooms, scallions, whole onions, and hot sauce into the water. Bring to a boil, and then add sausage and potatoes. Bring to a second boil, and continue cooking for 5 to 10 minutes, or until potatoes start to get soft. Add the corn, chopped garlic, and start a count of 5 minutes. Do not wait until water boils. At 5 minutes, add mussels. 3 minutes later, add shrimp. Boil for 2 12 to 3 minutes. Drain immediately.nServe with plenty of napkins., ingredients: [4 to 6 ounces crab boil spices, 1 lemon, quartered, 3 to 4 whole garlic cloves, 1 red pepper, sliced, 1 green pepper, sliced, 3 pounds mushrooms, cleaned, 3 to 4 scallions, 2 to 3 peeled whole onions, 9 ounces hot sauce, 10 pounds smoked hot sausage, 5 pounds tiny whole potatoes, 25 to 30 ears corn, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped garlic, 7 to 10 pounds mussels, 15 to 25 pounds medium or large shrimp, For different variations, any seafood could be added to the pot], title: Rodbenders Low Country Island Boil, picturelink: null}, 59198: {instructions: Soak the corn husks in a bowl of hot water until pliable, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the dough: Combine the masa harina and sugar in a large bowl. Stir in the corn and 12 cup hot water until combined. Add the butter and mix with your hands until evenly distributed.nRemove the corn husks from the water and shake dry. Unfold the husks on a clean surface discard any small husks or husks with holes. Put about 14 cup dough down the center of a husk fold in the long sides to enclose the filling, then fold in the top and bottom to make a packet. Secure with kitchen twine. Repeat with the remaining dough and husks.nSet up a steamer basket in a large pot filled with 2 inches of water. Arrange the tamales standing up in the steamer and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium, cover and cook until the tamales are firm, about 1 hour. Remove from the steamer and let rest 10 minutes before unwrapping.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [25 to 30 dried corn husks, 2 12 cups masa harina instant corn flour, 1 cup sugar, 1 14.75ounce can creamstyle corn, 1 stick unsalted butter, softened], title: Creamed Corn Tamales, picturelink: 8Vu2T2Yejn9fvgZI3dA0jUrm7im7Q1e}, 59199: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a bowl, combine the vinegar, brown sugar, oyster sauce, sesame oil, 14 cup of the soy sauce and 1 tablespoon of the ginger. Set aside.nSeason the chicken with salt and pepper. Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken and saute until cooked through, 5 to 7 minutes.nIn the same skillet, stirfry the garlic, bell peppers and remaining 2 tablespoons ginger, keeping them crisptender. Deglaze the skillet with the sherry and scrape up any brown bits. Add the reserved soy mixture and cook until the mixture boils, about 1 minute. Whisk together the cornstarch and remaining 14 cup soy in a small bowl, then stir the slurry into the skillet. Add the cashews and water chestnuts. Add 14 cup water to thin the sauce. Cook for another minute.nServe garnished with the scallions and cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon oyster sauce, 12 teaspoon sesame oil, 12 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger, 6 boneless, skinless chicken thighs, cut into small cubes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 green bell pepper, cut into small cubes, 14 cup dry sherry, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 cup whole roasted, unsalted cashews, 13 cup water chestnuts, chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Cashew Chicken, picturelink: 2uG8QjkoIEqMmKGMF4Njv1fNy2mlw2}, 59200: {instructions: Bring the clam juice and diced potatoes to a boil in a large soup pot. Cook until the potatoes are tender. Set aside.nTo make roux: In a pot, render the bacon, until crispy. Stir in the onion until its translucent. Add bay leaves, thyme and butter and let it melt. Whisk in the flour and let the roux cook until it turns golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes.nBring the clam juice and potato back to a boil. Whisk in a ladleful of clam juice into the roux then gradually whisk the roux into the soup pot until it thickens. Then whisk in the half and half and heat to a simmer while whisking. Add the clams and let simmer for 2 to 3 minutes. Then add the parsley and kosher salt and pepper to taste. Serve hot with oyster crackers., ingredients: [5 cups clam juice, 1 pound potatoes, diced, 5 slices bacon, 12inch dice, 1 small yellow onion, diced, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped thyme leaves, 12 stick butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups half and half, 2 pounds fresh or frozen clams, diced, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Kosher salt and white pepper], title: Mikes Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 59201: {instructions: Clean calamari and slice into rings set aside. Wash luau leaves, remove stems and thick veins. In a pot, boil 3 cups of water with the Hawaiian salt and baking soda. Add the leaves to the boiling water and reduce heat. Simmer, partially covered, for 1 hour. Drain, and squeeze out liquid. Saute onions and calamari in butter until the onions are translucent. Add the coconut milk, cooked luau leaves, salt and sugar. Simmer for 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 pounds calamari, 3 pounds luau leaves, 3 cups water, 1 tablespoon Hawaiian salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 6 tablespoons butter, 2 medium onions, diced, 3 cups coconut milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon sugar], title: Squid and Luau, picturelink: 2UJJXB9hQdetkN1gGAoREy4mybv6Ve}, 59202: {instructions: Bring a large pot of heavily salted water to a boil over medium heat. Stir in the orzo and cook for 8 minutes pasta will be slightly undercooked. Reserve 12 cup of the cooking water, then drain the orzo in a colander in the sink.nHeat 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the squash, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook, stirring occasionally, until beginning to brown and soften, about 4 minutes. Reduce the heat to mediumlow, and add the cooked orzo and cooking water. Bring to a simmer and stir in 34 of the feta season with salt and pepper. Cook until the water is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and mint.nTransfer to a serving platter and sprinkle the remaining feta over the top and garnish with additional chopped mint., ingredients: [1 cup dried orzo pasta, 14 cup garlic flavored olive oil, divided, 1 large yellow squash, about 8 ounces, quartered lengthwise and sliced, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 4 ounces feta cheese, crumbled, 12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, plus more for garnish], title: Minted Squash Orzo, picturelink: tIocmMXAyoTJB0nE0LkIhEenOGeAsxK}, 59203: {instructions: Brown the ground beef in a skillet over medium heat and set aside.nMelt the butter in a saucepan over low heat, being careful not to burn it. Slowly whisk in the flour to make a roux. You are looking for a thick consistency. Add the chicken base, seasoned salt and garlic. Slowly whisk in the milk. Turn the heat to high and bring to a boil. Let it boil for 2 to 3 minutes and then lower the heat to medium, whisking periodically until the mixture gets thick. Whisk in the black pepper and browned beef.nToast the white bread and put the slices on serving plates. Ladle the SOS over the top of the toast. Serve with home fries and a piece of fruit.nPut the potatoes in a large skillet with cooking oil and cook for 10 minutes. Add the bell peppers and onions, and continue cooking until golden brown.nYield: 6 to 8 servings., ingredients: [3 pounds ground beef, 12 pound butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon chicken base paste, 1 tablespoon seasoned salt, such as Lawrys, 1 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 gallon 2percent milk, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 loaf white bread, sliced, Home Fries, recipe follows, Fruit, for serving, 3 pounds potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced, 34 tablespoon cooking oil, 3 green bell peppers, seeded and diced, 2 white onions, diced], title: SOS, picturelink: null}, 59204: {instructions: In 10inch skillet, cook sausage and beef over mediumhigh heat, stirring frequently, until thoroughly cooked and no longer pink. Drain. Stir in remaining meat filling ingredients cook about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until hot. Meanwhile, heat oven to 375 degrees F. In small bowl, mix cheese filling ingredients. If using crescent rolls: Unroll both cans of dough into 4 long rectangles. On ungreased cookie sheet, place dough rectangles side by side firmly press edges and perforations to seal. Press to form 15 x 13inch rectangle. If using dough sheets: Unroll both cans of dough. On ungreased cookie sheet, place dough rectangles side by side firmly press edges to seal. Press to form 15 x 13inch rectangle. Spoon half of meat filling in 6inchwide strip lengthwise down center of dough to within 1 inch of short sides. Spoon cheese filling over meat filling spoon remaining meat filling evenly over cheese filling. Arrange mozzarella cheese slices over filling. Fold short sides of dough 1 inch over filling. Fold long sides of dough tightly over filling, overlapping edges in center 14 inch firmly pinch center seam and ends to seal. Brush with milk sprinkle with sesame seed. Bake 23 to 27 minutes or until deep golden brown. High Altitude 35006500 ft: Bake 26 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 lb bulk pork sausage, 12 lb lean at least 80 ground beef, 34 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon dried parsley flakes, 12 teaspoon dried basil leaves, 12 teaspoon dried oregano leaves, 1 small clove garlic, finely chopped, Dash pepper, 1 can 6 oz. tomato paste, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1 cup smallcurd cottage cheese, 1 egg, 2 cans 8 oz. each Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 2 cans 8 oz. each Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00bf refrigerated flaky dough sheet, 4 slices mozzarella cheese, 1 tablespoon milk, 1 tablespoon sesame seed], title: Crafty Crescent Lasagna, picturelink: B8mPR0onkr3qiEQJ82Ukm1n4UI60Ia}, 59205: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat a 2quart souffle dish or round ceramic casserole in middle of oven.nCook 1 cup sugar in a dry 2quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring slowly with a fork, until melted and pale golden. Cook caramel without stirring, swirling pan, until deep golden, about 5 minutes. Quickly and carefully remove hot dish from oven and immediately pour caramel into dish, tilting it to cover bottom and sides. Leave oven on. Keep tilting as caramel cools and thickens enough to stay in place.nScald whole milk with evaporated milk in a saucepan and remove from heat. Beat eggs and remaining cup sugar with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. Beat in salt, pumpkin, tequila, and spices. Pour milk mixture through a sieve into a bowl and beat into pumpkin mixture in a slow stream until combined well.nPour custard over caramel in dish and set in a water bath of 1inch hot water. Put pan in middle of oven and lower temperature to 350 degrees F. Bake until golden brown on top and a knife inserted in center comes out clean, about 1 14 hours, possibly longer. Remove dish from water bath and transfer to a rack to cool. Chill flan, covered, until cold, at least 6 hours.nTo unmold flan, dip bottom of souffle dish briefly 20 to 30 seconds in a warm water bath. Then, run a thin knife around flan to loosen from sides of dish. Wiggle dish from side to side and, when flan moves freely in dish, invert a large serving platter with a lip over dish. Holding dish and platter securely together, quickly invert and turn out flan onto platter. Caramel will pour out over and around it. Cut flan into wedges and serve with caramel spooned over and with shards of praline.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees F.nLightly oil a large sheet of foil on a baking sheet and keep warm in oven.nCook sugar, water, and a pinch of salt in a deep 2quart heavy saucepan over moderately low heat, stirring slowly with a metal fork, until melted and pale golden. Cook caramel without stirring, swirling pan, until deep golden. Immediately stir in pumpkin seeds and quickly pour onto foil, spreading into a thin sheet before it hardens. If caramel hardens and is difficult to spread, put in a 400 degree F oven until warm enough to spread, 1 to 2 minutes.nCool praline on baking sheet on a rack until completely hardened, then break into large pieces.nYield: 8 to 10 servings, ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 cup whole milk, 2 5oz cans evaporated milk, 5 large eggs, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 15ounce can solidpack pumpkin, 2 tablespoons premium golden agave tequila or bourbon, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pumpkin seed praline, recipe follows, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup water, 1 cup hulled green pumpkin seeds, toasted], title: Pumpkin Flan with Pumpkin Seed Praline, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 59206: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a skillet over high heat. Dredge fish in spices and saute on both sides. Finish the cooking in the oven, for about 4 or 5 minutes.nIt is also wise to have all your windows open, and all your smoke alarms disconnected, considering the amount of smoke that this wonderful dish produces.nToast the slices of challah and spread 4 of the slices with mayonnaise. In a small bowl, mix some ketchup with some grated horseradish. Spread this mixture on the other 4 slices of bread.nCooks Note: if loaf challah cannot be found individual rolls: aqua bread, Kaiser, potato, or eggbread rolls are all fine. Also, cocktail sauce can be used instead of the ketchup and horseradish mixture.nMix well. Store in glass or plastic container with lid.nYield: about 1 12 cups, ingredients: [4 7ounce sea bass, skinless fillet, Cajun spice mix, recipe follows, 14 cup vegetable oil, 8 slices challah loaf style, not braided, Mayonnaise, as a dressing, Ketchup, as a dressing, Grated horseradish in vinegar, as a dressing, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup cayenne powder, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup garlic granules, 14 cup black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion granules, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried thyme], title: Blackened Sea Bass, picturelink: null}, 59207: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nPreheat a skillet over medium high heat. Add extravirgin olive oil, garlic and onions. Sweat them out 2 to 3 minutes then add cherry tomatoes. Turn tomatoes to coat in fat. Add sherry vinegar or sherry, sugar, pepper flakes and salt. Toss to coat tomatoes and roast for 18 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 3 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar or dry sherry wine, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Salt], title: Sherry Cherry Tomatoes, picturelink: null}, 59208: {instructions: Preheat the oven 350 degrees F.nPreheat a large castiron skillet over medium heat until hot, about 5 minutes. Raise the heat to high and add the oil. Season the steak generously with salt and pepper. Place the steak in the skillet and cook, turning once, until wellbrowned, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the steak in the skillet to the oven and cook for 5 minutes more for mediumrare.nTransfer the steak to a cutting board. Cover it loosely with foil and let rest for 10 minutes before carving.nWhile the steak is resting, cook the eggs. Heat 2 skillets over mediumlow. Melt a tablespoon of butter in each pan. Break 4 eggs into each skillet. Season the eggs lightly with salt and pepper, and cook until the whites are just set, about 3 12 minutes. If you want the yolks to be cooked through, cover, and continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes more. Divide the eggs among 4 warmed plates.nCut the steak on the diagonal into thick slices. Fan the steak slices on the plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, One 1pound sirloin steak about 1 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 8 large eggs], title: Steak and Eggs, picturelink: null}, 59209: {instructions: Turn the oven on to broil with the rack about 6 inches15 cm from the heat.nArrange the berries in individual gratin dishes and set on a baking sheet.nPut the wine, sugar and egg yolks in a roomy glass bowl. Whisk to mix. Set the bowl over a saucepan partly filled with hot, but not simmering, water. Dont let the bottom of the bowl touch the water beneath. Whisk until the mixture is frothy, pale and ribbony, 5 to 8 minutes.nRemove the bowl from the saucepan. Whisk in the zest and keep whisking a minute or two to cool slightly. Spoon the sabayon over the berries and place under the broiler until the sabayon is bubbly and golden, a minute or two. Place the gratin dishes on plates and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 handfuls mixed berries, 3 tablespoons sparkling wine, 2 tablespoons caster sugar, 3 egg yolks, Zest of 12 lemon], title: Berry Gratin with Champagne Sabayon, picturelink: null}, 59210: {instructions: Cook farfelle according to directions on the package. In skillet heat olive oil and saute garlic until golden. With kitchen scissors chopped tomatoes and add to skillet. Add capers, oregano, basil and red pepper to taste. Add olives and cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Add parsley. Serve with drained pasta., ingredients: [12 pound farfelle, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 28ounce can plum tomatoes, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil, Red pepper flakes, 12 cup black olives, chopped, 14 cup Italian parsley, chopped], title: Pasta Puttanesca, picturelink: 4yVku3elv5UBDnvale6eM6DTowUlexy}, 59211: {instructions: Cut each piece of string cheese in half so you have 2 shorter sticks. Working one at a time, make 4 cuts vertically in one end of the cheese sticks, stopping about 34 inch from the top. Roll the cheese so the cuts are not parallel to the cutting board, and make 2 or 3 more cuts to form the bristles of the broom. Press a pretzel stick into the uncut end of the cheese stick to make the handle. Tie a chive in the middle of top uncut end of the cheese stick this holds the broom head together. Repeat for the remaining brooms.nSpread the mustard haphazardly on the bottom of a black or white plate. Stand the brooms up on their bristles as if they are sweeping up the mustard., ingredients: [6 sticks string cheese, 12 pretzel sticks, 6 long or 12 short thin chives, 1 to 2 tablespoons whole grain mustard], title: Witches Brooms, picturelink: BgKGCU3gfUM9uXsCPeUJw1suX2D1m}, 59212: {instructions: Place the eggs in a medium pot and cover with cold water by 1 inch. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat boil for 30 seconds then remove from the heat, cover, and let stand for 15 minutes. Drain the eggs and run under cold water until cool. Carefully peel the eggs and halve each lengthwise. Carefully remove and reserve the yolks.nPlace the yolks in a food processor with the mayonnaise, creme fraiche, Dijon, paprika and 14 teaspoon salt. Process until smooth, and then season with salt and pepper. Transfer the mixture to a resealable plastic bag with a corner snipped off.nPipe the yolk mixture into the eggs. Top each egg with a scant teaspoon of the tobiko, a small dollop of creme fraiche and a piece of chive., ingredients: [8 large eggs, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon creme fraiche or sour cream, plus more for topping, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons orange tobiko flying fish roe or other caviar about 14 ounce, Sixteen 12inchlong pieces fresh chive], title: Deviled Eggs with Caviar, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 59213: {instructions: Heat cream to a boil, pour over chopped chocolate and stir until combined and chocolate is melted. Pour onto plastic lined sheet pan, place in fridge until set, approximately 1 hour.nCombine peanut butter, fluff and rice crispy cereal. Press into plastic lined sheet pan. Cut into 2inch squares.nPreheat grill over mediumhigh heat.nBreak graham crackers in half, place 1 square of peanut butter crispy on 1 side. Cut the chocolate into 2inch squares and place 1 square on another graham cracker. Place marshmallows onto skewers and roast on grill. Place on top of peanut butter crispy. Place chocolate graham on top and enjoy., ingredients: [6 ounces heavy cream, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup peanut butter, 12 cup marshmallow fluff, 2 cups rice crispy cereal, 8 graham crackers, 8 marshmallows], title: The Big Game Smores, picturelink: null}, 59214: {instructions: Line a baking sheet with a silicone mat coat generously with cooking spray. Slice a firm Japanese eggplant 116 to 18 inch thick using a mandoline. Arrange on the baking sheet in a single layer coat the eggplant with cooking spray and sprinkle with salt. Bake at 250 degrees F, 50 minutes, rotating the baking sheet halfway through. Flip the slices continue baking until browned, about 20 more minutes. Transfer the chips to a rack to cool.nPhotograph by Jason Varney, ingredients: [], title: Eggplant Chips, picturelink: KbKhZaeeEotoRwU4tfAZkrBJya17Lu}, 59215: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chiles: In a medium saute pan over medium heat, heat the vegetable oil. Add the chicken and cook until it starts to turn white, about 5 minutes. Add the onions and cook until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the apples, apricots, cranberries, pears, raisins and garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook for 2 more minutes. Add the wine and simmer until the chicken is tender, about 5 minutes. Season with sugar, salt and pepper, and then remove from the heat.nStuff each roasted poblano pepper with onequarter of the chicken mixture and set aside.nFor the sauce: In a medium saute pan over mediumlow heat, cook the shallots in the vegetable oil until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until it turns a light caramel color, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and simmer until it is almost completely evaporated, about 15 minutes. Add the heavy cream and simmer until reduced by half, about 15 more minutes. Stir in the almonds and season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, place each stuffed poblano pepper on a plate and top with 2 tablespoons sauce. Garnish with the cilantro and pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, diced, 2 teaspoons diced onion, 1 teaspoon diced apple, 1 teaspoon diced dried apricots, 1 teaspoon dried cranberries, 1 teaspoon diced pear, 1 teaspoon raisins, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons tomato paste, 1 cup dry white wine, Sugar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 poblano peppers, roasted and peeled, 1 shallot, minced, 12 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups heavy cream, 13 cup almonds, ground, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, 1 teaspoon pomegranate seeds, for garnish], title: Chiles en Nogada, picturelink: YdEgHVNq.MDeuzXQAWRCFIfr3i.qXNi}, 59216: {instructions: Juice the radishes until you have 2 tablespoons of radish juice.nIn a bowl, combine the radish juice with the Champagne vinegar, olive oil, Dijon mustard, minced fresh thyme, and honey. Whisk the ingredients together and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound bag cherry bell radishes, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme leaves, 14 teaspoon honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Radish Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 59217: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a sheet pan with aluminum foil.nPlace the whole eggplant on the pan, prick with a fork in several places, and rub with olive oil. Roast for 45 to 50 minutes, until the eggplant is very soft when pierced with a knife. Set aside to cool. Halve the eggplant, peel, and discard the skin. Place the eggplant, peppers, and olives in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the steel blade and pulse until coarsely chopped. Pour into a mixing bowl.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a medium saute pan. Add the onion and red pepper flakes and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, until the onion is lightly browned. Add the garlic, cook for 1 minute, and add to the eggplant mixture. Add the parsley, pine nuts, lemon juice, capers, tomato paste, vinegar, salt, and pepper and mix. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for a few hours to allow the flavors to develop. Taste for seasonings and serve at room temperature with toasted pita triangles., ingredients: [1 large eggplant 1 12 pounds, Good olive oil, 4 ounces jarred roasted red peppers, chopped, 12 cup large green olives, pitted and chopped, 1 cup chopped yellow onion, 18 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon minced garlic 3 cloves, 3 tablespoons minced parsley, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 2 tablespoons drained capers, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, Toasted pita triangles, for serving], title: Roasted Eggplant Caponata, picturelink: Iwni4XOlywol4PGlNFxGmy.J1txUP6}, 59218: {instructions: Place the milk and sugar in a medium saucepan and bring to a simmer. Off the heat, stir in the chocolate, vanilla, cinnamon, and cayenne pepper with a wooden spoon and allow to steep for 3 minutes. Reheat the hot chocolate over low heat until it simmers.nStrain the chocolate into a measuring cup and pour into mugs. Stir with cinnamon sticks, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 4 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, such a Lindt, chopped, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Smallest pinch cayenne pepper, Long cinnamon sticks for stirrers, optional], title: Mexican Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 59219: {instructions: Mash the avocados in a medium bowl until chunkysmooth. Stir in the scallions, lemon juice, red pepper flakes, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper set aside.nCook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp, about 4 minutes per side transfer to a paper towellined plate. Remove and reserve all but 1 tablespoon of the drippings. Add the butter to the skillet, and swirl to melt and combine with the drippings. Dip both sides of each bread slice in the fat to coat, then cook until browned and crisp, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer the toasts to a cutting board. Raise the heat to mediumhigh. Add 1 tablespoon of the reserved drippings to the skillet, crack the eggs in a single layer, cover and fry until the whites are crisp at the edges but the yellows are runny, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, spread each toast with 14 of the mashed avocado, and transfer to a serving plate with a spatula. Top each toast with 12 cup of the greens, 1 tomato slice sprinkled with salt and pepper, 2 slices bacon and a fried egg, and serve with a fork and knife., ingredients: [2 ripe avocados, halved, pitted and peeled, 3 scallions, whites and light greens chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, Fine salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 slices smoked bacon, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 4 slices sourdough or crusty white bread, cut 34 inch thick, 4 large eggs, 2 cups loosely packed mixed greens, Four 12inchthick slices tomato], title: Avocado BLT Toasts, picturelink: cts7Z0oxTHEXjBFsodvgbpkUIJT316}, 59220: {instructions: For the almond cake: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease two 8inch round cake pans with butter and line with parchment.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the egg yolks, one at a time, fully combining before each addition. Keep mixing until light and pale. Add the almond meal and mix to combine.nIn another bowl, sift together the flour and baking powder to combine. Set aside.nCombine the evaporated milk and almond liqueur. Set aside.nWith the mixer on low speed, alternate adding onethird of the flour mixture and onehalf of the evaporated milk mixture to the creamed butter. Start and end with the flour, and do not overmix.nWith a hand mixer or stand mixer, whisk the egg whites in a clean bowl until stiff. Gently fold into the batter.nDivide the batter between the prepared cake pans. Bake until the tops are golden and spring back when touched, 30 to 35 minutes.nLet cool for about 5 minutes, then run a paring knife or mini offset spatula around the pans and unmold the cakes onto a rack. Let cool completely, 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the almond liqueur simple syrup: Whisk the water and sugar together in a small saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Boil for 2 to 3 minutes, then turn off the burner and let cool for about 20 minutesnOnce cooled, stir in almond liqueur. Reserve.nFor the key lime buttercream: In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and cream cheese together until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Mix in the powdered sugar, one cup at a time, and then add the lime juice and zest. Scrape down the bowl and mix for another 5 minutes, until satiny and fluffy. Reserve.nFor the raspberry compote: In a medium saucepan over medium heat, combine the raspberries, blackberries, sugar, water and lime juice. Cook until you can start to crush the berries with the back of a spoon, 5 to 10 minutes. Cook for another 5 minutes to thicken a bit. Remove from the heat and set aside.nTo assemble: Slice each cake horizontally into two equal layers. Place the first layer, cutside up, on a cake board. Using a pastry brush, brush the surface with about 3 tablespoons of the almond syrup.nTransfer the buttercream to a pastry bag fitted with a 14inch round tip and pipe a border around the edge of the cake.nWith a mini offset spatula, spread a thin layer of buttercream in the center of the cake layer. Then, staying inside the piped border, spread a thin layer of the raspberry compote on top of the buttercream.nPlace another cake layer, cutside up, on top. Repeat with the rest of the layers.nTo decorate the top of the cake: Pipe a border of buttercream beads around the edge and then spread with a thin layer of buttercream. Top with blackberries, raspberries, and white chocolate decorations if using. Sprinkle with powdered sugar, and enjoy., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, plus for greasing pans, 1 14 cups sugar, 8 eggs, separated, 1 cup almond meal, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 4 14 teaspoons baking powder, 14 cup evaporated milk, 14 cup almond liqueur, 1 cup water, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup almond liqueur, 2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup cream cheese, room temperature, 4 cups powdered sugar, sifted, 14 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, Zest of 2 limes, 1 pint raspberries, 12 pint blackberries, 14 cup sugar, 14 cup water, Juice of 1 lime, Blackberries, Raspberries, White chocolate curls, fans, etc., optional, Powdered sugar], title: Almond Cake with Key Lime Buttercream and Raspberry Compote, picturelink: FF6Nyn0uoOPB.v.OcRZ92SywvZS8ku}, 59221: {instructions: Special equipment: peanutshaped moldnIn a microwavesafe container, heat the chocolate chips on high for 30 seconds. Stir and heat again for another 30 seconds. Stir in the cayenne pepper. Pour the chocolate into the peanutshaped mold to coat lightly. Quickly tip the mold over and pour out the excess chocolate. Set aside to harden.nIn a food processor, process the peanuts with the honey and peanut oil. Blend well for 1 minute. Fill the chocolate peanut mold with the blended peanut mixture just shy of the top of the mold. Reheat the left over chocolate in the microwave until melted and place in a piping bag. Pipe the chocolate over the top of the mold and shake or tap to level. Refrigerate for 5 minutes, and then remove the candies from the mold. Store at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup chocolate chips, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup peanuts, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 teaspoon peanut oil], title: Chocolate Peanut Butter Peanuts, picturelink: ze6q5ot4iPFeoiFa2XPbnfD4LCNiH6}, 59222: {instructions: Using a long handled fork char tomatoes over an open flame, turning them, until skins are blackened, 2 to 8 minutes. Alternatively, broil tomatoes on a rack of a broiler pan about 4 inches from heat, turning, until skins are blistered and charred, 15 to 25 minutes. Transfer tomatoes to a plate and let stand until cool enough to handle. Peel and core tomatoes and chop coarse. In a bowl toss tomatoes with remaining ingredients and season with salt and pepper. Let relish stand, covered, at room temperature 3 hours to develop flavors. Relish may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered. Serve relish at room temperature., ingredients: [2 pounds green tomatoes, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, or to taste, 12 cup packed fresh flatleafed parsley leaves, washed well, spun dry, and chopped, Pinch dried hot red pepper flakes, if desired], title: Green Tomato and Walnut Relish, picturelink: null}, 59223: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nPut ground beef into a big bowl. Put onion and celery into a food processor. Cut the bell pepper in half, rip out the seeds and throw them into your garbage bowl. Cut the pepper into a few pieces and add to the food processor. Pulse the processor blades to finely chop the vegetables into very small pieces then add them to the meat bowl. Add egg, beaten with milk, bread crumbs and grill seasoning to the bowl. Next, mix together the smoky barbecue sauce, the salsa and the Worcestershire sauce. Pour half the sauce mixture into the bowl with the meatloaf mix. Mix the meatloaf together with your hands. Wash up. Brush a 12muffin tin 12cup each with vegetable oil or extravirgin olive oil. Use an ice cream scoop to help you fill meat into a each tin. Top each meat loaf with a spoonful of extra sauce. Bake about 20 minutes. Cut open 1 muffin to test that the middle is cooked through. While meatloaf muffins bake, make green beans in the microwave. Serve meatloaf with Smashed Potatoes and Cream Cheese on the side, too.nPlace bacon between paper towels and microwave 60 seconds on high. Cool bacon and chop or crumble up.nPlace green beans in a bowl and drizzle with extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Cover the bowl loosely with plastic wrap and microwave green beans on high for 5 minutes, stir and cook 5 minutes more. Remove wrap and top green beans with crumbled bacon.nBoil potatoes until tender, 15 minutes. While the water boils and when the potatoes are cooking, you can be working on the meatloaf recipe.nWhen the potatoes are tender, drain them and return them to the hot pot to let them dry out a bit. Mash potatoes with halfandhalf or milk using a potato masher. Add in the cream cheese and smash until the cheese melts into the potatoes. Then add chives and scallions and season with salt and pepper, to your taste., ingredients: [1 23 to 1 34 pounds ground sirloin, 1 medium onion, cut into chunks, 2 ribs celery from the heart of the stalk, cut into 2inch pieces, 1 green bell pepper, 1 large egg plus a splash of milk, beaten, 1 cup plain bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons grill seasoning recommended: Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick, 1 cup smoky barbecue sauce, 12 cup tomato salsa, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Vegetable oil or extravirgin olive oil, Microwaycool Bacon and Green Beans, recipe follows, Smashed potatoes and cream cheese, recipe follows, 6 slices microwave readycrisp bacon, One 16ounce bag frozen green beans, A drizzle extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 2 12 pounds small red potatoes or baby Yukon gold potatoes, 12 cup halfandhalf or whole milk, 8 ounces plain cream cheese or veggie cream cheese, cut into pieces, 10 chives or 2 scallions, chopped or snipped with kitchen scissors, Salt and pepper], title: Meatloaf Muffins with Barbecue Sauce, picturelink: O3seURR.kbS8tHw92sdX6rp6B9fdyq}, 59224: {instructions: Place the onions in a medium saucepan and pour in enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and remove from the heat. Strain and set the onions aside. Combine all the remaining ingredients in the saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes. Add the blanched onions and simmer an additional 10 minutes. Transfer the mixture to a container, cover and refrigerate at least a day before serving. Pickled onions will keep in the refrigerator up to month., ingredients: [1 pound red onions, thinly sliced, 1 cup white vinegar, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 1 teaspoon roughly chopped cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 4 garlic cloves, sliced, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 beet, trimmed, peeled and cut into 8 wedges], title: Pickled Red Onions, picturelink: null}, 59225: {instructions: Lay out the slices of bread and spread approximately 1 tablespoon peanut butter on each of 4 slices and approximately 1 teaspoon jelly on each of the other 4 slices. Pair them together to make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.nHeat canola oil in a deepfryer to 375 degrees F. Mix flour, cornstarch, and baking powder and add energy drink in a stream while whisking constantly. Dip sandwiches into the batter or ladle batter over them.nDeepfry until golden brown. Drain on paper toweling. Mix cinnamon and sugar in a bowl and sift onto fried sandwiches while they are still hot. Slice the donut sandwiches into diagonal quarters while still warm, and serve., ingredients: [8 slices white bread or your choice of cinnamon swirl, raisin, apple, etc., 14 to 12 cup peanut butter, 4 to 6 teaspoons grape jelly or your choice of jelly, jam, or preserves, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 34 cup cornstarch, 412 teaspoons baking powder, 12 ounces carbonated energy drink recommended: Red Bull or seltzer water, for carbonation, 1 quart canola oil approximately, as needed for deepfrying, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Peanut Butter and Jelly Donut Sandwiches, picturelink: baylg2D8RIWCYa7BKfMmM4vzaNyuMa}, 59226: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a large castiron griddle over mediumhigh heat.nAdd the ground turkey to a large mixing bowl and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Stir in the cheese, mustard and Worcestershire sauce and mix until combined. Form the meat mixture into 12 equal patties. Sprinkle both sides of the patties with the Blackening Spice.nBrush the griddle with some olive oil using a clean tea towel. Cook the burgers for 3 to 4 minutes per side. Serve on split rolls topped with the tomatoes and Special Sauce.nWhisk together the salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, garlic powder and onion powder, and transfer to a small plate.nCombine the mayonnaise, ketchup, mustard, Sriracha, relish and lemon juice in a bowl., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground turkey, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 12 cup shredded Monterey Jack cheese, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 dash Worcestershire sauce, Blackening Spice, recipe follows, Olive oil, for cooking, 12 soft dinner rolls, split, 2 Roma tomatoes, sliced, Special Sauce, recipe follows, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 14 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon Sriracha, 1 teaspoon pickled relish, Juice of 12 lemon], title: Mini Black Jack Burgers, picturelink: q7AJrxEKq0tskuBov7736HzQdJAnygC}, 59227: {instructions: Combine the honey with the chipotle chile powder and the lemon juice. Allow to sit at room temperature for 30 minutes. Spoon the honey into small ramekins and place each ramekin in the center of a large shallow widerimmed soup bowl. Arrange crushed ice around the ramekins. Place the strawberries on the ice and serve., ingredients: [1 cup wildflower honey whatever is native to your region, 1 teaspoon chipotle chile powder cayenne can be substituted, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Crushed ice, 6 cups washed, ripe whole strawberries], title: Strawberries and Spiced Honey, picturelink: null}, 59228: {instructions: Blanch the kale in lightly salted water until tender, rinse in ice water, drain and cut into 12inch ribbons. In a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter and add the kale, cream and nutmeg. Reduce the heat to low and cook for 5 minutes, or until the cream has reduced and thickened. Season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [2 pounds kale, center stalks removed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Creamed Kale, picturelink: AOMuIuZfGrXRfuvjBu88FifAssIIW}, 59229: {instructions: Place onion, garlic, ginger, saffron, lime juice, yogurt and the remaining spices in a bowl. Stir to combine.nPlace the hens in a baking dish and rub the entire hen, including the cavity with the marinade. Cover the hens and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat the grill to high. Skewer the hens on the rotisserie and grill for approximately 1 14 hours or until cooked through.nPlace the sliced onions in a bowl of ice water, cover and refrigerate while the hens are grilling. Right before serving, remove the onions from the water and pat dry. Half the hens and serve with onion slices, cilantro sprigs and lime wedges., ingredients: [1 medium yellow onion, coarsely chopped, 6 cloves garlic, coarsely chopped, 1inch fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon saffron threads, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 16 ounces plain yogurt, drained through a strainer lined with cheesecloth for 2 hours, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 2 teaspoons cayenne, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 4 cornish hens, Thinly sliced white onion, Fresh cilantro sprigs, Lime wedges], title: Tandoori Marinated Cornish Hens on the Rotisserie, picturelink: null}, 59230: {instructions: Smash the garlic, sprinkle it with salt, and mash and smear it to a paste using the flat side of a knife. Add the garlic paste to a medium bowl along with the anchovy, vinegar, pepper flakes and some salt. Whisk to combine, then slowly whisk in the olive oil until emulsified. Add the tomatoes, olives, capers and chopped basil and gently stir to combine. Let the relish sit at room temperature for at least 15 minutes to allow flavors to meld.nHeat a grill to high. Rub both sides of each swordfish steak with two of the basil leaves, leaving some of the nowbruised basil on top of each steak. Brush the steaks with the canola oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill, basilside down, until charred, about 4 minutes. Turn and cook until opaque throughout, another 4 minutes. Remove to a platter and immediately spoon the relish over the fish., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, Kosher salt, 2 anchovy fillets, patted dry, chopped, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Pinch red pepper flakes, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 plum tomatoes, halved, seeded and finely diced, 14 cup chopped green olives, 1 tablespoon capers, rinsed and drained, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chopped, plus 8 basil leaves for rubbing, 4 swordfish steaks, each about 1 12inches thick, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Simply Grilled BasilRubbed Swordfish with TomatoGreen Olive Relish, picturelink: null}, 59231: {instructions: In a pitcher, combine the lemonade and vodka. Slowly stir in the champagne. Pour into icefilled glasses and garnish with mint sprigs.nCooks Note: To make vanillaflavored vodka, place 3 whole vanilla beans in a 750 ml bottle of plain vodka. Place the bottle in a cool dark place for at least 10 days to allow the vanilla to infuse the vodka. Open the bottle occasionally during the infusion time., ingredients: [One 12ounce container frozen lemonade concentrate, thawed 1 12 cups, 1 12 cups vanillaflavored or plain vodka, One 750 ml bottle rose champagne, chilled, Fresh mint sprigs], title: Lemon Champagne Cocktail, picturelink: 9DHUDqSgXBiPnSEyVe5CTG8dmXchAK}, 59232: {instructions: In small bowl, stir together yeast, oil, sugar, and about 3 tablespoons water until smooth. Stir in remaining water. In large bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with dough hook whisk together 2 12 cups of allpurpose flour, wholewheat flour, and salt. With mixer on low speed stir in yeast mixture and blend until mixture forms dough. With mixer on medium speed knead dough, adding enough of remaining 1 cup flour as necessary to prevent dough from sticking, until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Put dough in an oiled deep bowl and turn to coat with oil. Let dough rise, loosely covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place 1 hour, or until doubled in bulk, and punch down. Divide dough into 6 balls. On a lightly floured surface roll out each ball of dough into a 9 12inch round and stack, lightly floured, between sheets of parchment paper. Dough may be made 8 hours ahead and chilled, tightly wrapped in plastic wrap. Preheat oven to 550 degrees F. Spread 1 cup robiola on each round of dough, leaving a 12 inch border around the edge. Place another piece of thin, rolled out dough on top. Dock pizza all over so cheese can ooze through. Sprinkle 1tablespoon semolina on each of 2 baking sheets and transfer 1 pizza to each. Bake in batches in lower third of oven 10 minutes, or until crust is crisp and golden. Transfer pizzas to plates and drizzle each with 1tablespoon truffle oil and shaved truffles. Top and bake remaining pizzas in the same manner., ingredients: [5 packed teaspoons fresh compressed yeast from a 2ounce cake, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Pinch sugar, 1 cup cold water, 2 12 to 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons wholewheat flour, 2 12 teaspoons salt, 5 cups young fresh robiola cheese, 5 tablespoons semolina, 5 tablespoons white truffle oil, 1ounce shaved white truffles], title: Robiola White Truffle Pizza, picturelink: null}, 59233: {instructions: In a large pot add milk and cream along with thyme and garlic. Bring to a simmer then shut off the heat to let the milk and cream steep. Let it steep for at least 30 minutes. Once steeped, strain the milk mixture and discard the thyme and garlic. Bring the milk and cream mixture back up to a simmer and gradually pour in the cornmeal in a slow, steady stream, whisking constantly. Once the milk is completely absorbed, lower the heat and set a timer for 20 minutes. Continue cooking, whisking often, until the timer goes off, add chicken stock if the mixture is too thick it should be like creamy mashed potatoes. Once the timer goes off the polenta should be thick and smooth. Finish with butter, grated Parmigiano and salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 12 cups polenta or yellow cornmeal, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 cups milk, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 cloves fresh garlic, peeled and smashed, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Corn Polenta, picturelink: 0TqzLBkwBFcAGBj9G1lXJj9qzQLUK6}, 59234: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPierce the potatoes all over with a fork. Place on the oven rack and bake until forktender, about 45 minutes. Let cool slightly and cut each potato in half lengthwise. Scoop out the pulp, leaving a 14inch layer in each shell. Transfer the pulp to a medium bowl and mash with a potato masher. Add the goat cheese, milk, olives, olive oil and salt until well mixed.nMound the filling into each potato half and transfer to a baking sheet. Bake until the filling is hot in the center and the edges are lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Top each half with the dill and sprinkle with the pine nuts., ingredients: [4 medium baking potatoes about 10 ounces each, 3 ounces soft goat cheese, at room temperature, 13 cup fatfree milk, 14 cup pitted chopped kalamata olives, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped dill, 2 tablespoons toasted pine nuts], title: GreekStyle TwiceBaked Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 59235: {instructions: For the falafels: Fill a large skillet halfway up the side with oil. Heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 375 degrees F.nPlace the chickpeas, flour, cumin, salt, turmeric, chile flakes, coriander, garlic, onions, cilantro and parsley in a food processor, and pulse until ground down to a coarse cornmeal consistency. Chill for 10 minutes in the fridge.nOnce chilled, scoop about 2 ounce balls of the falafel mix, and roll in the sesame seeds. Fry the balls, no more than 5 at a time, until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side. Set the falafels on a papertowellined sheet pan or plate as they come out of the oil to drain.nFor the mousse: Dissolve the gelatin in 1 tablespoon water. Combine the heavy cream, feta and garlic in a sauce pot and heat until the feta slightly melts, 2 minutes. Pull off the heat and stir in the gelatin and olive oil. Then place in a blender and blend until very smooth. Scoop the mixture into a shallow bowl or container and season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate or blast chill, and set aside.nFor the pita: Preheat the oven to 550 degrees F. In a medium bowl, combine 2 cups warm water, the flour, sugar and yeast. Cover and let it rise in a warm place for 10 minutes.nPlace the honey, olive oil, salt and dough mixture into a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook attachment. Beat until the dough is soft, 10 minutes. Turn the dough onto a floured cutting board and cut into 4 to 8 pieces. Roll the pieces into round dough balls, and then flatten using your hands or a rolling pin to 12inch thick and 4 to 6inch round. Place the dough rounds onto an oilgreased sheet tray and bake until the dough is cooked, 2 to 4 minutes.nTo serve, layer the mousse and falafel on top of the pita bread tacostyle, and serve., ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 1 pound dried chickpeas, soaked overnight, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons cumin, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 1 teaspoon chile flakes, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 5 large cloves garlic, 1 yellow onion, chopped, 12 bunch fresh cilantro, chopped, 12 bunch fresh curly parsley, chopped, 14 cup white sesame seeds, 34 teaspoon unflavored powdered gelatin, 12 cup heavy cream, 6 ounces feta, 6 cloves garlic, roasted, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups white flour, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons yeast, 1 cup wheatberry flour or 23 cup wheatberries, milled in blender then sifted, 14 cup honey, 14 cup good quality olive oil, plus more for greasing, 2 teaspoons kosher salt], title: Rina Younans Falafel Sandwich, picturelink: rJSFnL4xK36gUQMH6h64tw0Me4vVlC}, 59236: {instructions: Clean, peel, and boil taro until fork tender. Then cut into 12inch cubes. Wash luau leaves thoroughly, and remove stems and fibrous parts of veins. Place washed luau leaves in large saucepan and add water. Bring to a boil, lower heat, and simmer for 1 hour, stirring frequently. Drain luau leaves thoroughly, stir in coconut milk, and sugar and bring to a simmer. Add diced taro and cook until heated through., ingredients: [1 corm taro, 2 pounds luau leaf taro leaf, 3 cups coconut milk, 14 cup white sugar], title: Taro Salad, picturelink: null}, 59237: {instructions: Spaetzle:nBring a large pot of water to a boil over medium heat.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the flour, mustard, dry mustard, Parmesan and salt. Then add eggs and milk and stir together using a metal or wooden spoon. The consistency should be a thick batter, a little thicker than pancake batter. When the water comes to a boil put a colander over the pot and pour in the batter. Using a rubber spatula, force the batter through the holes of the colander so it falls in little drops into the water. Cook for just a minute. When the spaetzle float to the surface, they are cooked. Strain and immediately rinse with cold water to cool and stop the cooking process. Lay the spaetzle out on a cookie sheet to dry a little bit.nPork:nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nHeat a large, ovenproof saute pan over high heat. Add canola oil and when it starts to smoke add the pork. Liberally season the pork with salt and pepper, to taste. Sear the pork on all sides to get a real good deep brown color all over the pork. Transfer the pan to the oven to finish cooking. Roast until an instantread thermometer inserted into the middle of the pork registers 138 degrees F, about 10 to 15 minutes for mediumwell. Remove the pork from the oven to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing.nSalsa: While the pork is cooking, make the salsa. In a large bowl, add the apples, the vinegar and lemon juice and toss to coat and to prevent them from turning brown. Add the jalapeno, oil, spices and salt and mix thoroughly. Stir in the cilantro, cover and refrigerate. It will keep up to 1 day.nIn a large saute pan heat 3 tablespoons of olive oil over high heat. When the oil begins to smoke add the spaetzle and turn the heat to mediumhigh. Let the spaetzle sit for a minute to get brown, then stir and brown for another minute. You are looking for nice crisp, golden brown pieces of pasta. They shouldnt stick if you made them right. If they do stick, it means the batter was too loose from the start. If the batter was too loose just add a little more flour the next time.nWith a slotted spoon, remove the spaetzle from the oil and to a platter. Top with slices of pork loin and a generous helping of the salsa right over the top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup wholegrain or Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons dry mustard, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 eggs, 1 12 cups whole milk, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 boneless pork tenderloins about 3 to 4 pounds total, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 Gala apples, small diced, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped], title: Pan Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Mustard Spaetzle and Apple Cilantro Salsa, picturelink: iACnc0L4pJkrhMpQ02TF183DAPcMRrS}, 59238: {instructions: Add a few tablespoons chocolate liqueur to a small rimmed plate. Add a few tablespoons cocoa powder to another small plate and whisk briefly to break up the lumps. Dip the rim of a martini glass into the liqueur then into the cocoa. Set aside.nAdd the chocolate liqueur, vodka, and halfandhalf to a cocktail shaker filled with ice and shake for a good 20 seconds. Pour into rimmed martini glass., ingredients: [Cocoa powder, for rimming, 2 parts chocolate liqueur, plus more for rimming, 1 part vodka, 1 part halfandhalf], title: Death by Chocolate Martini, picturelink: GEuBING4uJR6lqiYK0KtiAdI8ER8d06}, 59239: {instructions: Wash the spinach well and remove the stems. Tear the leaves into pieces the size of a silver dollar. Dry and reserve in the refrigerator.nHeat 14 cup of the olive oil in a skillet. Add the onion rings and cook over medium heat until they appear translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the mushrooms saute for 5 minutes. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Stir in the remaining oil, vinegar, juice and seasonings remove from heat. Toss with spinach and honey tangerines., ingredients: [1 10ounce bag of spinach, or 2 loose bunches, 12 cup pure olive oil, 1 small yellow onion, thinly sliced into rings, 12 pound fresh brown mushrooms, sliced, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 13 cup orange juice, 3 honey tangeringes, peeled and sectioned, or 2 11ounce cans, drained, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Spinach Salad with Honey Tangerines, picturelink: null}, 59240: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan over medium heat.nSlice both eggplants lengthwise into 3 thick steaks. Drizzle with some olive oil and sprinkle with the chili powder, salt and pepper.nGrill the eggplant steaks until tender and nicely marked by the grill pan, about 4 minutes per side.nTransfer the eggplant steaks to individual serving plates and sprinkle with the feta cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers and chopped parsley and top with a squeeze of lemon. Serve., ingredients: [2 eggplants, Olive oil, for drizzling, Sprinkle of chili powder, Sprinkle of kosher salt, Sprinkle of freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces feta, diced, 4 Roma tomatoes, diced, 1 hothouse cucumber, seeded and diced, 1 cup fresh flatleaf parsley, chopped, 1 lemon, sliced in half], title: Greek Grilled Eggplant Steaks, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 59241: {instructions: Instructions:nBring the milk to a boil. In a different pan over a medium heat melt the butter, add the flour and cook without browning until the mixture begins to bubble. Gradually add hot milk whishing constantly. Cook until texture becomes smooth and thick and begins to boil. Let boil for 3 to5 minutes whisking constantly. Remove from heat, place in a bowl. Mix yolks, salt, pepper and cayenne to the mixture.nPreheat oven to 350F.nPrepare souffle ramekin by buttering the edges with softened butter. Sprinkle the finely grated parmesan evenly around the ramekin. Prepare bain marie water bath for souffle and heat in oven.nIn a bowl melt the cream cheese, butter and edam cheese. Add Bechamel to cheese mixture. With a spatula fold the soft peaked whipped egg whites to mixture.nDice the Nueske Bacon into small pieces, saute in pan until crisp. Drain excess fast and place on a paper towel.nFill the prepared ramekin with mixture to the top. Clean the edges of the ramekin of any extra mixture. To bake souffle place the ramekins in the bain marie for 15 minutes until it puffs 1 inch above the ramekin. Take souffle out of the oven to cool. Place a tsp of crispy bacon in the center of the souffle.nPlace Ramekin on plate with a quenelle of onion sorbet.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 14 cup milk, 14 cup butter, 5 teaspoons flour, 6 egg yolks, pinch of salt, pinch of pepper, pinch of cayenne pepper, 3 ounces Edam cheese, 2 ounces butter, 3 ounces cream cheese, 8 egg whites, whipped, pinch of salt, 14 pounds small brunoise of Nueske Bacon], title: Warm Edam Cheese Souffle with Crispy Bacon, picturelink: sgWablfVcf5m0B.2ilSLZrqgQDaYKJy}, 59242: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. In a 9x13inch baking pan, combine peaches, sugar, almond extract and six tablespoons butter. Bake for 1520 minutes, or until peaches are lightly browned. Put the remaining two tablespoons of butter in a 4x6inch nonstick loaf pan and place in oven for 10 minutes.nIn a shallow bowl, whisk eggs, milk and cinnamon. Dip brioche halves in egg mixture and place, cut side down, in the heated baking pan. Bake for 710 minutes, or until toasted on the bottom. Place brioches on a platter, toasted side up, and top with caramelized peaches. Sprinkle with toasted almonds, if desired., ingredients: [16 oz. sliced fresh peaches or one 16oz. package frozen sliced peaches, 12cup sugar, 1 Tbs. almond extract, 6 Tbs. unsalted butter, cut up, plus 2 Tbs., 3 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 tsp. ground cinnamon, 6 muffinsized brioches, halved lengthwise, 12cup sliced almonds, toasted optional], title: Brioche French Toast with Caramelized Peaches, picturelink: null}, 59243: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing an electric mixer, cream butter and both sugars together in a large bowl, until light and fluffy about 3 minutes. Crack eggs into a measuring cup and beat in 1 at a time.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together flour, salt, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, and allspice. Gradually add large spoonfuls of the dry mixture into the creamed mixture. Once incorporated, fold in raisins, pecans, and oats with a rubber spatula.nAdd a small ice cream scoop of dough about 2 inches in diameter, onto parchment paper lined cookie sheets, spacing about 1inch apart. Pat top down slightly and bake in the preheated oven for 12 minutes. Remove to wire rack to cool completely for 45 minutes before making sandwiches.nRemove ice cream from the freezer and allow to soften.nTurn 6 cookies face side up on counter. Scoop 12cup of ice cream on the cookies and using an offset spatula, spread evenly to the edges. Top ice cream with a second cookie and press down to adhere. Roll ice cream edges in the chopped pecans. Freeze for 2 hours or until solid., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 cup golden raisins, 12 cup chopped pecans, 3 cups old fashioned rolled oats, 1 to 2 pints ice cream, flavor of your choice, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, for garnish], title: Ginas Oatmeal Cookie Ice Cream Sandwiches, picturelink: Nt.6YDBhfS8tQGL3AwJFsimlwlp0pwG}, 59244: {instructions: Cut away excess skin and fat from chicken pieces. Rinse with cold water and set aside do not pat dry.nIn a shallow bowl, stir together fry coating and 1 tablespoon chicken seasoning. Dredge chicken pieces in coating mixture set aside.nIn a large straightsided pan, heat 12inch oil over mediumhigh heat. Oil is ready for frying when a drop of water splatters when dropped in.nFry coated chicken until golden brown, about 8 minutes per side. Remove chicken from pan and drain oil.nIn a medium bowl, stir together gravy, remaining chicken seasoning, and crushed garlic set aside.nReturn chicken to pan over medium heat. Cover with gravy. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 10 to 20 minutes or until completely done no pink near the bone.nServe hot., ingredients: [3 12 pounds whole cutup chicken, 2 5ounce packets chicken fry coating recommended: Dixie Fry, 2 tablespoons saltfree chicken seasoning, divided recommended: McCormick Grill Mates, Canola oil, for frying, 2 12ounce jars roasted chicken gravy recommended: Franco American, 1 teaspoon crushed garlic], title: Smothered Chicken, picturelink: tuKAXPVJSGCLCkTrnXPxMz2rd6c2nz6}, 59245: {instructions: Chop the potato bread into 12inch cubes to make 16 cups. Stale bread works best for stuffingif yours is fresh, spread out the cubes on baking sheet and dry in a 300 degrees F oven, 15 to 20 minutes.nHeat 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, celery, sage, thyme, and salt and pepper to taste. Cook, stirring, until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth bring to a simmer and remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, stem and chop the kale and blanch for 2 minutes. Beat the eggs and parsley in a large bowl stir in the bread cubes, the vegetablebroth mixture and the prepared kale. Stir in the sausage.nTransfer the mixture to a buttered 3to4quart baking dish and dot with the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Cover with foil and bake at 375 degrees F, 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until golden, about 20 more minutes.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups chopped onions, leeks or scallions, 2 cups diced celery, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage, 1 tablespoon minced fresh thyme, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups lowsodium chicken or turkey broth, 1 bunch kale, 2 large eggs, 14 cup chopped parsley, 1 pound andouille sausage, cooked and crumbled], title: Potato BreadKale Stuffing With Andouille Sausage, picturelink: jj.ibsiKFmZBTch4xEAmo01BapOXZyu}, 59246: {instructions: Gently mix the mango, pineapple, bell pepper, cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno, cayenne, cumin and salt in a medium to large mixing bowl., ingredients: [2 cups diced fresh pineapple, 2 cups diced fresh mango, 1 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh lime juice, Pinch cayenne pepper, Pinch ground cumin, Pinch sea salt, 1 jalapeno, seeded and diced, One 5ounce bag blue corn tortilla chips, for dipping], title: Pineapple Mango Salsa, picturelink: null}, 59247: {instructions: Bring water, 1 tablespoon salt, and butter to a boil. Add couscous, remove from heat and stir quickly and thoroughly. Cover for 5 minutes. Moisture will be absorbed. Fluff with a fork. Add scallions, Spanish onion and rice wine vinegar., ingredients: [2 cups couscous, 2 cups water, 1 tablespoon butter, Salt and pepper, 12 bunch scallion, finely sliced, 14 cup fine diced Spanish onion, 1 to 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar], title: Herbed Couscous, picturelink: null}, 59248: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a blender, combine the frozen strawberries, rum, lime juice and sugar. Blend until smooth and divide among 6 highball or hurricanestyle glasses. Garnish each glass with a strawberry slice and serve immediately., ingredients: [One 12ounce bag frozen strawberries, 6 ounces light rum, 4 ounces lime juice, 5 tablespoons sugar, 6 fresh strawberry slices, for garnish], title: Frozen Strawberry Daiquiri, picturelink: Sb8u3UrMpM06TUgjACEO4uDxO2eTENO}, 59249: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: null, picturelink: null}, 59250: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut the large tomatoes into 6 or 8 wedges and the cherry tomatoes in half and put them into a bowl. Add the basil leaves, olive oil, and salt and pepper, to taste. With your hand, gently mix everything together and squeeze the tomatoes a bit to release some of their juices. Cut the mozzarella into bite sized chunks and add them to the tomatoes. Gently toss to blend everything together and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 vineripened tomatoes, 12 pint cherry tomatoes, 12 bunch fresh basil, leaves hand torn, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 balls buffalo mozzarella], title: Caprese Salad, picturelink: NCYDhr.rqu0PvAmPuqofgrceQLR9hlK}, 59251: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.nWhip the egg yolks with 2 tablespoons sugar until creamy and yellow.nWhip the egg whites to soft peaks and add the remaining sugar to the whites. Continue to whip the whites to stiff peaks.nCarefully fold the beaten egg whites into the yolksugar combination.nUsing the same care, fold in the sifted flour.nLine a cookie sheet with the bakers parchment paper, pour the cake batter, and spread the batter out to evenly coat the pan. Bake in the center of the oven for 12 to 15 minutes or until the top is golden brown.nCool the cake quickly near an open window and on a rack.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees.nAssemble the baked Alaska by cutting the sponge cake to the basic shape of the bombe mold. The largest piece will be used for lining the mold and a smaller piece will be used for the top which later will be inverted to become the bottom.nLine the bombe mold with plastic wrap and then line the plastic with the larger piece of baked and cooled cake.nRemove the ice cream and sorbet from the freezer and allow to soften for 10 minutes. Spoon or scoop the sorbet first into the cake lined mold and create an even layer on the bottom later the top of the mold.nCover the sorbet with the ice cream in the same fashion, smoothing out the ice cream as you go, into one even layer.nPlace the remaining layer of cake on top of the ice cream layer to act as a seal and place the whole bombe into the freezer for 4 to 5 hours. This can be done well in advance of finishing the baked Alaska.nTo finish the Alaska whip the egg whites to soft peaks, add the sugar and continue to whip to stiff but not dry peaks. Pour the meringue into a pastry bag fitted with a star tube and unmold the bombe. Use hot towels to help loosen the bombe if necessary and invert the bombe onto a heat proof serving platter.nRemove the plastic wrap and pipe a decorative design of meringue all around the base of the, now revealed, cake covered bombe. Cover the entire bombe with this meringue in as decorative a design as you can manage, being as creative as you like, but working quickly to avoid melting too much of the ice cream and sorbet. The baked Alaska is now ready for a quick visit to the very hot oven to brown the meringue but not melt the ice cream. Place the Alaska into the oven for just 5 minutes to brown the meringue to a light golden color.nServe immediately., ingredients: [3 egg yolks, 6 tablespoons sugar, divided, 4 egg whites, 12 cup all purpose flour, sifted, Parchment paper, 1 recipe chocolate ice cream, 1 recipe coconut sorbet, 2 quart ice cream bombe mold, 14 cup sugar], title: Baked Alaska, picturelink: null}, 59252: {instructions: Put the chicken stock, potatoes, leeks, celery, bay leaf and thyme in a large pot and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Boil until the potatoes are soft, 15 to 20 minutes.nRemove the bay leaf. Using an immersion blender or in batches in a blender or food processor, blend the soup until smooth. Pour the soup into a medium pot add the cream and simmer until the soup has thickened, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [8 cups chicken stock, 6 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into large pieces, 4 leeks whites only, thoroughly washed and sliced, 3 stalks celery, roughly chopped, 1 bay leaf, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Potato Leek Soup, picturelink: JUi2Bm91fH.lGZ9yh9E0IXp5TcT0FFq}, 59253: {instructions: Cut 4 red onions into wedges and quarter 8 bacon strips. Toss with 6 oregano sprigs, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 8 garlic cloves, and salt and pepper. Divide between 2 large pieces of foil seal into flat packets. Grill over high heat, 15 minutes. Let rest before opening.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Red Onions, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 59254: {instructions: Brush each ear of corn with a little oil, sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill over medium to high heat until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes on each side for a total of 8 to 12 minutes. Serve., ingredients: [4 ears corn, shucked, 1 to 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, Salt, Pepper], title: Grilled Corn, picturelink: null}, 59255: {instructions: In a large pitcher or punch bowl, whisk the orange juice, orange liqueur and honey. Add the cinnamon stick, clementines, apple and pear and stir to combine. Set aside at room temperature for at least 1 hour.nRight before serving, add the wine and soda to the fruit mixture and stir gently to combine. Serve immediately in icefilled glasses.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [2 cups nopulp orange juice, 3 to 6 ounces orange liqueur, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 clementines or blood oranges, cut into sections, 1 Granny Smith or other tart apple, cut into 14inch cubes, 1 red Anjou pear, peeled and cut into 14inch cubes, 2 liters sweet sparkling red wine, chilled Sunny likes Rosa Regale, 1 liter lemonlime soda, chilled], title: Winter Sangria, picturelink: 0pswric6BOPSqNXORJX0UrqgayN7KK}, 59256: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker with ice and add the vodka, orange liqueur, ginger ale, pomegranate juice, and squeeze of lime. Shake well until ice crystals form and pour into a chilled martini glass. Garnish with candied ginger., ingredients: [2 ounces vodka, 1 12 ounces orange liqueur recommended: Cointreau, 1ounce ginger ale, 12ounce pomegranate juice, 1 lime, Candied ginger, for garnish], title: Gingered Pomegranate Cosmo, picturelink: q4Q7VZGJZpTv9YPYjuNgOv3ISR22YkO}, 59257: {instructions: Place the almond paste, corn syrup and apricot puree in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle. Turn on the mixer to medium speed and add about 1 egg white, continue adding egg white gradually until the mixture can be piped through a piping bag. You will need to adjust the amount of egg whites added to the mixture depending on the consistency of the almond paste. Place the mixture into a piping bag fitted with a star tip. Pipe the mixture onto a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Use any design you like when you are piping the mixture. You can place whole almonds on top of some to achieve a different design.nPreheat the oven to 380 degrees F and bake for 8 to10 minutes, until lightly golden brown.nPlace the sugar, honey and water in a saucepan and bring to a strong boil. Place the almonds in the food processor and grind until coarse. Remove the boiling sugar from the heat and pour over the coarse almonds. Blend until smooth. This may take 10 minutes or more, depending on the strength of the food processor. Remember, food processors are not usually strong enough to yield the same consistency as the almond paste that you can buy. If your mixture is too thick and the food processor is straining, you can add a little Kirsch or simple syrup to the processor. Add the liquid slowly and stop when the processor is moving more freely. The quality of almond paste is determined by how smooth the consistency is.nWrap the almond paste in plastic wrap and allow it to cool. When you are ready to use it, knead in the butter. The butter makes it smooth and not so sticky.nYield: About 2 cups, ingredients: [1 cup 500 grams almond paste, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons 50 grams corn syrup, 3 tablespoons 50 grams apricot puree, 1 to 3 egg whites, Whole blanched almonds, optional, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons 250 grams sugar, 14 cup 75 grams honey, 13 cup plus 1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons 100 grams water, 3 cups plus 3 tablespoons 500 grams blanched, whole, almonds, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon 50 grams Kirsch or simple syrup, optional, 14 cup 50 grams butter], title: Almond Drops, picturelink: null}, 59258: {instructions: Heat the oil on a large, flat cast iron griddle or skillet over mediumhigh heat. Immediately scatter the potatoes over the oil. Season with salt, to taste. Scatter over the onions and cook, without stirring, until the outermost edges have started to brown, about 2 12 minutes. Flip the hash browns with a spatula, and place the cheese on top. Let the cheese melt, about 30 seconds.nTransfer the hash browns to a plate and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 cup peeled, julienned russet potatoes, Salt, 2 tablespoons diced onions, 1 slice American cheese], title: Hash Browns Scattered, Smothered, and Covered, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}, 59259: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nCombine the coconut with the sweetened condensed milk, salt and vanilla in a medium mixing bowl.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer with a whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on medium speed until foamy. Gradually add the sugar and continue to whip the whites until medium peaks form, 6 to 7 minutes.nGently fold the egg whites into the coconut mixture. Scoop tablespoonsized mounds onto a parchmentlined half sheet pan and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Immediately transfer the parchment with the macaroons to a cooling rack. Cool completely before topping.nFill a 4quart pot with enough water to come 2 inches up the side, set over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Combine the chocolate chips and shortening in a small metal or glass mixing bowl and set over the simmering pot. Stir occasionally until melted, then remove from the heat.nDip the cooled cookies in the chocolate mixture, sprinkle with the chopped macadamia nuts and place on parchment paper to set, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [2 7 to 8ounce packages sweetened shredded coconut, 2 ounces sweetened condensed milk, Pinch kosher salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 4 large egg whites at room temperature, 5 ounces granulated sugar, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 1 ounce vegetable shortening, 2 ounces finely chopped dryroasted macadamia nuts], title: Paradise Macaroons, picturelink: XJvT20dmX7hH8Ir1g82jwTmGKr95c6}, 59260: {instructions: In a large stock pot, bring salted water to a boil.nIn a large saute pan, over high heat, heat the olive oil. Add the onion and garlic and saute for 1 minute, just until beginning to turn translucent. Add the marjoram and saute 1 more minute. Add the mushrooms and saute until they begin to brown and release their liquid, about 5 minutes. Add the Mushroom Stock and reduce 5 minutes. Add the cream and reduce about 5 minutes, or until the sauce begins to thicken. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nCook pasta until al dente. Drain and quickly toss with mushroom sauce. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Divide onto serving plates and serve immediately garnished with marjoram sprigs.nCombine the chicken stock and mushrooms in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Strain., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 medium red onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 sprig marjoram, plus more for garnish, 12 pound assorted wild mushrooms golden chanterelle, shiitake, cremini, oyster, porcini, etc., trimmed and sliced, 1 cup Mushroom Stock, recipe follows, 1 cup heavy cream, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound bucatini, Grated Parmesan, 2 cups chicken stock, 12 cup mushroom trimmings, stems, or pieces], title: Pasta with Wild Mushroom Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59261: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly brown the rice in oil in a 1quart, ovenproof saucepan. Bring the stock to a boil and pour over the rice, take caution because this can create a lot of hot steam. Bake covered for 30 to 40 minutes, until rice is tender and fluffy., ingredients: [2 to 3 tablespoons oil, 1 cup long grain white rice, 2 cups stock], title: Moms Baked Rice, picturelink: null}, 59262: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Rub the fish with olive oil and place it in an oiled oval pan, gratin dish, or sheet pan. Bake for about 15 minutes per inch of thickness at the thickest part of the fish. Check for doneness by carefully sliding a paring knife into the back at the thickest part, gently lifting the top fillet, and peeking inside to make sure the fish pulls away from the bone and the flesh is opaque but still moist rather than translucent and raw. Season with salt, pepper, olive oil and lemon., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound red snapper or 2 1 12 to 2 pound, gutted, gills removed and scales left on, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, Extra virgin olive oil and lemon wedges, for garnish], title: Whole Baked Red Snapper, picturelink: null}, 59263: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a saute pan, add the olive oil, carrot, onion, and celery with minced garlic and bay leaves. Heat mixture until the vegetables start to sweat. Sprinkle oxtails with salt and pepper and add to the vegetable mixture. Add the wine and cook for 10 to 15 minutes or until the wine evaporates. Add the cocoa and vegetable stock. Transfer mixture to a heatproof casserole.nCover the casserole and bake in the oven slowly for 2 hours.nCheck whether there is too much stock remaining and if so, turn up heat until excess stock evaporates. Add the tomatoes and cook for 40 minutes with cover on. Check and stir occasionally.nTo make the garnish: Place the water in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Clean and cut the carrots and celery into 14inch julienne sticks. Salt the water and cook the celery and carrot sticks together al dente, about 2 minutes. Drain. Saute the vegetables with extra virgin olive oil, salt, and pepper.nRemove pieces of oxtail from the casserole, and put them in a warming dish. Take the sauce that is left in the casserole dish and pass it through a blender.nTo serve: place the oxtail pieces on plates and cover generously with the sauce. On the top, place the carrots and celery garnish, and decorate with the chopped basil leaves., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 2 bay leaves, 4 pounds beef oxtail, cut into 12 pieces, Salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 glass dry white wine, 1 tablespoon bitter cocoa powder, 8 cups unsalted vegetable stock, 1 pound peeled tomatoes, chopped, 3 cups water, 4 carrots, 6 stalks celery, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 16 small basil leaves, finely chopped], title: Coda Alla Vaccinara, picturelink: null}, 59264: {instructions: Toast pecans over moderate heat then reserve. Place pie shells on a small tray. Soften ice cream in microwave on high for 20 seconds. Fill pie shells with ice cream, mounding each shell up. Smooth edges of the ice cream pies and freeze 20 minutes to set. Remove lid of the caramel sauce and warm it, 1 minute on high. Top pies with caramel sauce and lots of toasted pecans and whipped cream., ingredients: [1 cup pecan halves, 4 mini, individual graham cracker pie shells, 1 pint butter pecan ice cream, Caramel sauce, for sundaes, Whipped cream, canister], title: Mini Pecan Ice Cream Pies, picturelink: hwAYFwCPLvPpk8I9rY2Ai4CQDsR1gAq}, 59265: {instructions: In an 8inch skillet set over moderate heat, heat the butter and oil until hot. Add the scallion and cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Add the noodles, salt and pepper to taste and pat into an even layer. Let cook over moderate heat for a few minutes or until lightly golden on the bottom. Turn and cook until golden on the bottom. Transfer to a serving plate and garnish with the parsley., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 cup minced whole scallion, 2 cups cooked leftover egg noodles, Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, Minced fresh parsley for garnish], title: Noodle Cake, picturelink: null}, 59266: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Grease a 13 by 9inch pan.nFor the filling: In a medium bowl, stir together the pecans, brown sugar and cinnamon until nicely combined and the pecans are fully coated.nFor the glaze: In a second medium bowl, whisk together the confectioners sugar, lemon juice and milk until all the sugar is fully incorporated and there are no lumps. Set the glaze to the side.nFor the cake: Into a large bowl, add the cake mix, sour cream, vegetable oil, sugar, 14 cup water, flour and eggs. Using an electric mixer, beat the ingredients until fully combined, about 4 minutes. Pour about half of the batter into the prepared pan. Spread the pecan filling on top and swirl into the batter. Pour the next half of the batter over and spread to make an even layer.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes. Remove from the oven, place on a cooling rack and let cool in the pan for 30 minutes. Then invert the cake onto a plate or platter, and let cool completely.nWhisk the glaze a bit to make sure its still smooth and then drizzle all over the cake. Let the glaze set a bit and serve, ingredients: [Butter, for greasing pan, 1 14 cups chopped pecans, 3 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 package golden cake mix, 1 cup sour cream, 13 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs], title: Mama Neelys Spiced Pecan Cake, picturelink: HtZQNT8MFgVuVHgEZhzjcApbko3tkdy}, 59267: {instructions: To make the cauliflower: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDistribute the cauliflower evenly on a nonstick baking sheet, brush with the truffle oil, and season with salt, pepper, and a touch of nutmeg. Roast until tender and a little brown, and then sprinkle the Parmesan on top and return the pan to the oven to brown the cheese, about 3 minutes.nTo make the buffalo: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSeason the medallions with salt and pepper. Heat the butter and garlic in a large saute pan set over high heat. When the butter solids turn brown, add the buffalo medallions and sear, in batches if needed, until colored on both sides. Transfer the buffalo to a baking pan. Roast until medium rare or to your liking, 5 to 10 minutes, keeping in mind that buffalo meat is very lean and gets dry when cooked beyond medium donenessnMeanwhile, return the saute pan to medium high heat, add the wine, and let it evaporate, stirring with a wooden spoon to deglaze the pan drippings stuck to the bottom of the pan. Add the demiglace, bring to a boil, and strain the sauce. Lastly, add some truffle oil and keep the sauce ready to serve.nTo serve: Place a buffalo medallion offcenter on the plate, fan some cauliflower against it, spoon sauce over the top. Slice fresh truffle over everything and drizzle some olive oil over the top., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, cut into 14inch thick slices, Truffle oil, for brushing, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated nutmeg, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 8 4ounce medallions buffalo fillet, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons butter, 3 cloves garlic, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup beef or veal demiglace, Truffle oil, Fresh white truffle as much as your wallet allows, Extravirgin olive oil], title: Buffalo Medallion with Caramelized Cauliflower, White Wine Demi, and White Truffle, picturelink: null}, 59268: {instructions: Put mussels in a large pot with a lid. Cover, turn heat to mediumhigh and when you hear the mussel liquid boiling, reduce heat to maintain a steady bubble you will hear it and see steam escaping. Shake pot now and then when mussels open, remove them. Let cool slightly and shuck, reserving cooking liquid. When liquid has cooled, strain it.nMeanwhile, bring a pot of salted water to a boil, cook pasta until not quite done figure about 2 minutes short of where you would usually cook it, drain and set aside.nPut oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat add garlic and chile flakes and cook for about 1 minute. Add beans, wine, pasta, and mussels reduce heat to mediumlow and stir to combine. Add as much reserved mussel liquid as mixture can accommodate without becoming too soupy.nCook, stirring gently, until pasta is fully cooked and everything is warmed through add more liquid if you like. Adjust seasoning as needed, drizzle with a bit more olive oil if you like, sprinkle with parsley and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds mussels, well washed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces rigatoni or other cut pasta, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 14 teaspoon red chile flakes, or to taste, 1 cup cooked cannellini or borlotti beans, drained, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Pasta with Beans and Mussels, picturelink: null}, 59269: {instructions: In a large punch bowl, steep 1 cup pineapple chunks in 750 ml cognac for an hour or two in the refrigerator. Add 2 12 cups seltzer or club soda and 14 cup superfine sugar, stirring until the sugar is dissolved, then add between 375 ml and 750 ml cold demisec champagne., ingredients: [], title: Yale College Punch, picturelink: EzdYe5Whds4iscT4kAjyoVeR3dbF6dW}, 59270: {instructions: Melt butter in large saute pan. Add garlic, black pepper and Worcestershire sauce. Stir until garlic starts to sizzle. Add shrimp and saute until pink and almost cooked through, about 2 minutes. Add Fat Fish Blue Hennessey Cream Sauce and continue simmering until reduced to a thick creamy consistency and the shrimp are cooked through, about 3 minutes. Serve over rice with crusty bread on the side, if desired, and garnish with diced bell peppers.nSalt and freshly ground black peppernIn a small bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in the water and set aside. Melt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat and add shallots. Saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Carefully add cognac and simmer until alcohol vaporizes, about 1 minute. Add shrimp base, heavy cream and salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer while stirring for 3 minutes. Add cornstarch mixture and simmer, while stirring, until thickened. Set aside and keep warm., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 pounds medium shrimp, peeled, deveined, with tailson, Fat Fish Blue Hennessey Cream Sauce, recipe follows, Wild rice and crusty bread, for serving, optional, 12 cup finely diced green, red or yellow bell peppers, for garnish, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons water, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 tablespoon cognac recommended: Hennessey, 1 tablespoon shrimp base bouillon, 2 cups heavy cream], title: Robert Jr.s Hennessey Cream Shrimp, picturelink: 6K2BDppeFWnM2PFG1z1LqtGXTYCDJq.}, 59271: {instructions: Place milk and halfandhalf in a saucepan and heat to a simmer over medium heat.nMeanwhile, stir together the cocoa powder, sugar, and cinnamon. A few teaspoons at a time, stir the hot milk into the cocoa mixture to make a smooth paste. Scrape the cocoa mixture into the saucepan with the milk and simmer 2 minutes do not let it boil. Stir in the vanilla and keep warm in a thermos.nPour into small serving cups and place 4 minimarshmallows on each serving or spritz them with whipped cream. Serve immediately.nMake the marshmallows: Combine the water, the corn syrup, and the sugar in a saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer. Bring to a boil and boil to softball stage, or about 235 degrees F.nMeanwhile, whip the egg whites until soft peaks form. Sprinkle the gelatin over the 2 tablespoons water and let sponge.nWhen the syrup reaches 235 degrees F, remove it from the heat, add the gelatin, and mix. Pour the syrup into the whipped egg whites. Add the vanilla and continue whipping until stiff.nCover a sheet pan with parchment paper then sprinkle it with powdered sugar. Pour the marshmallow onto the pan and spread it out. Let cool about 2 hours then with a pair of scissors dipped in cornstarch, cut out football shapes., ingredients: [3 cups whole milk, 1 cup halfandhalf, 14 cup good quality Dutch process cocoa powder, 12 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Serving suggestions: Marshmallow Footballs, recipe follows, 14 cup water, 14 cup light corn syrup, 34 cup sugar, 2 egg whites, 1 tablespoon gelatin, 2 tablespoons cold water, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: The Best Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 59272: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nCoat a large wide ovenproof pan or Dutch oven with olive oil and bring the pan to high heat. Sprinkle the pork with salt and brown it on all sides. Remove from the pan and reserve.nDitch the fat from the pan and add a few drops of fresh oil. Toss in the garlic and ginger and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. Add the soy sauce and rice vinegar and reduce by half. Add the 3 cups chicken stock, oyster sauce, brown sugar, sambal, star anise, orange zest and juice. Stir to combine, bring to a boil and reduce to a simmer. Taste to make sure it is delicious and adjust the seasoning if needed.nReturn the pork to the pan, cover and put in the oven. Braise the pork for 2 hours, turning it over once. If the liquid reduces too much during the cooking process, add the remaining 1 cup chicken stock. Remove the lid for the last 30 minutes of cooking.nWhen the pork is VERY tender, remove the pan from the oven. Remove the pork, place the pan over medium heat, bring the liquid to a simmer and cook until the liquid reduces to a sticky sauce consistency.nServe the pork draped with the sauce., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, One 3pound pork shoulder, cut into 4 to 5 pieces, Kosher salt, 5 cloves garlic, smashed and finely chopped, One 2inch piece ginger, peeled and grated, 12 cup soy sauce, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 3 to 4 cups chicken stock, 1 cup oyster sauce, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup sambal oelek, 3 star anise, Zest and juice of 1 orange, zest removed in wide strips with a peeler], title: Asian Braised Pork Shoulder, picturelink: CFQV6ExeYUP7lAheEkfTFDoxRDQk8lq}, 59273: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nLine 3 rimmed sheet trays with parchment paper.nAdd the peanut butter, butter and shortening to the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, and beat together. Add the brown sugar, and cream until light and fluffy, about 6 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well in between each addition. Beat in the vanilla and combine until mixed.nWhisk the flour, baking soda and 34 teaspoon salt together in a medium bowl. Add the flour in 3 additions to the peanut butter mixture, beating until just combined. Stir in the peanut butter chips.nUse a 12cup ice cream scoop and scoop the cookie batter onto one of the prepared sheet trays. Gently press down the tops of the cookies with a fork making a crisscross. Sprinkle each cookie with a small pinch of salt and sugar. Place in the refrigerator to firm up, at least 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace 6 firmed cookies on each prepared sheet tray, leaving at least 4 inches of space between the cookies. Bake in batches until golden, 18 minutes, rotating the pans halfway through baking., ingredients: [1 cup creamy peanut butter, 34 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 14 cup vegetable shortening, 1 34 cups packed light brown sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 34 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoons baking soda, Kosher salt, 1 cup peanut butter chips, Granulated sugar, for sprinkling], title: Peanut Butter Cookies, picturelink: HSwyeHz2a2R6tI4PdYc8OEr3wqOzG}, 59274: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the water, rice, and cinnamon stick in a mediumsize heavy saucepan set over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, uncovered, and cook until the rice is tender, about 18 minutes. Strain out the liquid, discard the cinnamon and reserve the rice. Return the rice to the saucepan. Stir in the evaporated milk, condensed milk, and whole milk. Continue cooking over mediumhigh heat until the mixture comes to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and cook, uncovered, stirring constantly, until the mixture is thick, about 20 minutes. Add the raisins, and stir well. Transfer the pudding to a serving bowl. Dust the top of the pudding with ground cinnamon and serve., ingredients: [7 cups water, 1 cup longgrain white rice, One 4inch cinnamon stick, One 12ounce can evaporated milk, One 14ounce can condensed milk, 1 cup whole milk, 34 cup golden raisins, Ground cinnamon, for dusting], title: Mexican Rice Pudding Arroz Con Leche, picturelink: MjOp7f2WRsSfv1Fr6DxuLM2tAd7ltAO}, 59275: {instructions: In a bowl combine juice of the lime, ginger, garlic and onion. Add olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place swordfish steak in baking pan and pour marinade over fish. Coat and let sit for 15 to 30 minutes. Remove fish from pan and grill in cast iron pan or on grill for about 3 minutes per side., ingredients: [1 lime, juiced, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 12 onion, sliced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound swordfish], title: Marinated Swordfish, picturelink: null}, 59276: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients. Bring mixture to a boil, reduce heat to simmer. Cook uncovered, stirring frequently, for 1 hour 15 minutes., ingredients: [2 cups ketchup, 1 cup water, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 12 tablespoon fresh ground black pepper, 12 tablespoon onion powder, 12 tablespoon ground mustard, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Neelys BBQ Sauce, picturelink: Aq8bd63lpjbdO7PTyVT7RsTn8nDUotG}, 59277: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a rapid boil. Add the escarole and cook until tender but firm, about 5 minutes after the water returns to the boil. Remove the escarole with a slotted spoon, place in a bowl, and set aside. Reserve  cup of the cooking water. Set aside. The escarole may be parboiled and set aside several hours before proceeding with the recipe. Warm the olive oil in a large saute pan set over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook to flavor the oil but do not let it brown, about 2 minutes. Add the escarole and the reserved cooking water. Cook, stirring occasionally, to warm through and bring the flavor of the garlic and escarole together, about 4 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound escarole about 1 large head, washed, stems removed, and leaves roughly chopped, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, cut in half], title: Scarola, picturelink: null}, 59278: {instructions: Bring milk to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Meanwhile, combine egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Beat at mediumhigh speed until very thick and pale yellow, 3 to 5 minutes.nAdd half the milk to eggyolk mixture and whisk until blended. Stir into remaining milk and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat a spoon.nRemove from heat, and immediately stir in cream. Pass mixture through a strainer into a medium bowl set in an ice bath. Whisk in melted chocolate and let chill, then freeze in an icecream maker according to manufacturers instructions. Store in a plastic container in the freezer., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk, 5 large egg yolks, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup heavy cream, 10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted], title: Chocolate Ice Cream 101, picturelink: null}, 59279: {instructions: 1. Use apple corer to remove core from pear. Crosswise cut pear into 14inchthick rings. In small bowl toss together pear rings and olive oil. Arrange in single layer on baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Bake at 400degrees F for 27 to 30 minutes or until soft and beginning to brown, turning once after 15 minutes. Set aside.n2. When pears are cool enough to handle, cut each ring into quarters.n3. Spread scant teaspoon of blue cheese on each KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Original cracker. Top each with pear piece and pecan half.nNOTE: If you cant find glazed or candied pecan halves at your grocery store, make your own. In small saucepan combine 14 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 tablespoon butter and 18 teaspoon salt. Bring to boiling over high heat. Stir in 1 12 cups pecan halves. Cook, stirring constantly, for 3 minutes. Spread in single layer on baking sheet lined with foil and sprayed with cooking spray. Bake at 350degrees F for 12 to 15 minutes or until bubbling and browned, stirring once after 7 minutes. Cool completely. Break up. Store in airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [1 medium Bosc pear, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 13 cup mild creamy blue cheese, at room temperature, 24 Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Original crackers, 24 glazed or candied pecan halves], title: OvenRoasted Pears with Creamy Blue Cheese, picturelink: N0azJSPjlzHc401fOYJBh7tqbb6JyIu}, 59280: {instructions: Special equipment: Two 12cup cupcake pans Cupcake linersnFor the cups: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Prepare two cupcake pans with cupcake liners.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the sugar, flour and baking powder at medium speed. Then add the milk, eggs, butter and coconut milk, and mix until smooth.nFill the cupcake liners to the top. Bake until golden brown, 45 minutes to 1 hour. Set aside to cool.nFor the pudding: Mix the sugar, cornstarch and salt in mixer at medium speed. Then slowly add coconut milk and mix until smooth. Transfer the mixture to a small pot, and cook on the stovetop over medium heat until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Cool and set aside.nTo assemble, add a dollop of the cooled haupia pudding on top of the cooled butter mochi cups. Then its ready to be served. Enjoy, ingredients: [3 cups sugar, 2 13 cups sweet rice flour, such as Mochiko brand, 3 teaspoons baking powder, 2 cups milk, at room temperature, 5 eggs, 1 stick 14 pound butter, at room temperature, One 12ounce can coconut milk, 13 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 18 teaspoon salt, One 12ounce can coconut milk], title: Baked Butter Mochi Cups Topped with Haupia Pudding, picturelink: null}, 59281: {instructions: In a kettle of boiling salted water boil the fiddleheads for 4 minutes, or until they are crisptender, transfer them with a slotted spoon to a bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking, and transfer them to paper towels to drain. In the kettle boil the squash and the carrots for 3 minutes, or until they are crisptender, transfer the vegetables with the slotted spoon to the bowl of ice and cold water to stop the cooking, and transfer them to paper towels to drain. In the kettle boil the peas for 2 to 3 minutes, or until they are just tender, and drain them.nIn a large heavy skillet combine 2 tablespoons of the butter, the onions, the thyme, the bay leaf, 14 cup of the broth, and salt and pepper, to taste, and simmer the mixture, covered, for 5 minutes. Add the morels, halved lengthwise or sliced crosswise, and 12 cup of the remaining broth and simmer the mixture, covered, for 10 minutes, or until the morels are tender. Add the fiddleheads, the squash, the carrots, and the remaining 14 cup broth and simmer the mixture, covered, for 1 minute. Add the peas, the parsley, the mint, and the garlic, simmer the ragout, covered, for 1 minute, and stir in the remaining 2 tablespoons butter, cut into bits, stirring until the butter is just melted. Discard the bay leaf and season the ragout with salt and pepper.nTO CLEAN FRESHPICKED FIDDLEHEADS: Snap off the crisp, bright green fiddlehead tops from ostrich ferns, leaving about 2 inches of stem attached. Rub off the dry brown casings by hand or put the fiddleheads in a wire salad basket and whirl the basket outdoors to remove the casings. Let the fiddleheads soak in a sink half full of cold water, changing the water several times to remove any grit or casing particles, and drain them. The fiddleheads keep, covered and chilled, for 1 week, ingredients: [12 pound fiddleheads cleaned, procedure follows, 12 pound baby pattypan squash, trimmed, 12 pound baby carrots, trimmed, 34 cup shelled fresh peas, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 12 pound pearl onions, blanched in boiling water for 1 minute, peeled, and trimmed, 2 thyme sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup chicken broth, 14 pound fresh morels washed well, patted dry, and trimmed, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 12 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, 1 large garlic clove, minced], title: Spring Vegetable Ragout, picturelink: null}, 59282: {instructions: Boil the cream and set aside to cool to lukewarm. Add the mint or orange flavoring, if using, and stir well. Melt the cut chocolate over a double boiler. Add the cayenne and mix well.nWhisk the chocolate and cream together and cover. Refrigerate until mixture can be formed into small balls, about 45 minutes. Form small balls and place on a pan. Freeze the truffle balls until frozen, about 1 hour.nAfter the truffle balls are frozen, melt the chopped chocolate over a double boiler, and put into a shallow baking pan.nIn small batches, so that they stay firm, roll the truffle balls in melted chocolate for about 5 seconds each. Shake off excess chocolate and place on a lined baking sheet, sprinkle with garnish if using. Put the finished truffles in the refrigerator.nCooks Note: Because the dipping chocolate has not been tempered, the truffles, if not kept refrigerated, will get a white cast or white streaks, known as blooming. This is only visual and will not affect the taste., ingredients: [12 cup heavy cream, Mint or orange flavoring, optional, 8 ounces chocolate, cut into small pieces, 12 to 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper powder to desired hotness, 2 pounds chopped chocolate, for coating, Cocoa, ground nuts, powdered sugar, espresso beans, for garnishing, optional], title: Homemade Truffles with a Kick, picturelink: null}, 59283: {instructions: Sift together the flour, nutmeg, cinnamon, allspice, baking powder, and salt and set aside. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix together the olive oil, vermouth, and eggs until well blended. Add the dry ingredients all at once and mix on low speed until the mixture forms a cohesive mass. Scrape the dough onto a very lightly floured board. Knead lightly until smooth. Shape the dough into a ball, flatten, and place in a bowl. Dust the top lightly with flour, cover with a towel or plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or up to overnight to allow the dough to relax.nIf necessary, lightly dust the work surface with flour. Cut the dough into 6 or 8 pieces. Roll each piece into a rope 12inch in diameter. Cut the ropes into 12inch pieces. Shape into gnocchi with a gnocchi board, butter paddle, or on the back side of the tines of a fork. The deeper the grooves on the cookies the better as they puff up as they fry and the ridges, unless deep, tend to disappear.nHeat the oil in a deepfryer or deep pan to 350 degrees F.nFry the cookies in about 4 batches until puffed and medium to dark brown, about 1 12 minutes. It is easiest to pile the cookies in a sieve or fry basket and then dip them into the hot oil. Each batch should include enough cookies to cover the surface of the oil. Any fewer and the oil gets too hot and browns the cookies before they are cooked through. Stir the cookies while they fry so they do not stick together. The number of cookies you add to the oil and the amount of oil will change the timing. The cookies first turn light gold, then a light brown, and finally almost a light milk chocolate color. Remove just as they get to this color or a little before. Drain on paper towels.nWhile still hot, put the cookies in a large shallow dish and pour the honey over them. Toss the cookies several times as they cool. If the cookies absorb all the honey, add more  they should be fully saturated. Serve in a pretty bowl or store in a covered container. They will keep for about 1 week.nChefs Notes: Starting with a 12inch piece of dough yields a cookie about 1 inch long, perfect for popping in your mouth all at once. They can be made smaller or larger, depending on your preference. Two hundred sounds like a lot of cookies. But once you taste one you will understand why you should be thinking about making several batches in quick succession., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting work surface, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup pure olive oil, 34 cup red vermouth, Marsala, sweet sherry, or other sweet wine such as Vin Santo, 2 large eggs, 4 to 6 cups peanut or vegetable oil, for deepfrying, About 2 cups honey, warm], title: Turdilli, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 59284: {instructions: Combine 1 tablespoon olive oil, the oregano, mustard and garlic. Coat the lamb and let stand for 12 hour at room temperature.nHeat the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in heavy large skillet over high heat. Add the lamb and sear on all sides, turning often to achieve good even color, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Remove from the skillet and chill in the freezer 20 minutes until cold.nSlice the lamb as thinly as possible. Pound the slices between layers of waxed paper until paperthin. To serve, arrange the lamb slices on a salad plate. Top with Greek Salad and Lamb Turnovers.nIn a large mixing bowl, combine the lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, feta, olives, olive oil, parsley, scallions and lemon juice, and toss well. Season with salt and pepper.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over mediumhigh heat, add 1 tablespoon butter, garlic and shallots. Cook until soft. Add the ground lamb and cook until done. Remove the mixture to a bowl and cool for 5 minutes. Add the feta, herbs and nutmeg, and season with salt and pepper.nMelt the remaining 1 stick butter in a small saucepan, and then cool. Cover the phyllo stack with 2 overlapping sheets of plastic wrap and then a dampened kitchen towel.nArrange 1 phyllo sheet on a work surface, with a long side nearest you. Keep the remaining sheets covered. Brush with some melted butter. Top with another phyllo sheet and brush with more butter. Cut the buttered phyllo stack lengthwise into 6 strips.nPut a heaping teaspoon of lamb filling near one corner of a strip on the end nearest you, and then fold the corner of the phyllo over to enclose the filling and form a triangle. Continue folding the strip, like a flag, maintaining a triangle shape. Put the triangle, seamside down, on a large baking sheet and brush the top with butter. Make more triangles in the same manner, using all of the phyllo sheet and filling, making 12 turnover.nBake the triangles in the middle of the oven until golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to a rack to cool slightly., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 trimmed lamb loins about 8 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Greek Salad, recipe follows, Lamb Turnovers, recipe follows, 1 cup finely chopped romaine lettuce, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, cut in half, 14 cup sliced cucumber, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup pitted kalamata olives, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill, 3 scallions, finely chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 stick 8 tablespoons plus 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 2 shallots, finely diced, 8 ounces ground lamb, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 12 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, Four 17 by 12inch phyllo sheets, thawed if frozen], title: Lamb Carpaccio with Lamb Turnovers and Greek Salad, picturelink: null}, 59285: {instructions: Add the sweet potatoes to a wide mug or small bowl with 1 tablespoon water and microwave until tender, 2 to 5 minutes. Stir in the chicken, paprika and salt and pepper to taste. Microwave until warmed, about 1 minute. Carefully crack the egg on top. Sprinkle a little water on top of the egg and microwave until the egg white is solid but the yolk is still runny, 30 seconds to 1 minute. Serve immediately with toppings of your choice., ingredients: [14 cup diced sweet potatoes, 12 cup cooked chicken, roughly chopped, 14 teaspoon paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, Suggested toppings: salsa, shredded cheese, diced avocado], title: Sweet Potato Chicken Breakfast Hash, picturelink: iv3BYJ29hvu6xfesgNIpQHpLJf9XhS}, 59286: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a blender. Blend until thick and creamy., ingredients: [12 shot anise liqueur, 12 shot orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier, 1 shot white creme de cacao, Splash orange juice, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Golden Cadillac, picturelink: I02VKq1nXHYeu2VtGQwEpk6BAvUg7cG}, 59287: {instructions: Put the almond butter and butter in a medium bowl and beat with a hand mixer on medium speed until light and fluffy, about 1 minute. Top each toast with some of the butter mixture, peach or nectarine slices, 12 teaspoon honey and some basil. Garnish the tartines with a sprinkle of Maldon salt, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [13 cup raw unsalted almond butter, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 4 slices thin wholegrain bread, lightly toasted, such as Mestemacher, 1 medium ripe peach or nectarine, pitted and sliced into 14inch wedges, 1 tablespoon Greek honey see Cooks Note, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, torn, 14 teaspoon flake salt, such as Maldon, optional], title: Almond and Peach Toasts, picturelink: CtRxlS6p1qy2NO3t3WgSR4YMQbHex.}, 59288: {instructions: Special equipment: a deep fryernIn a large bowl, combine the beef, cabbage, glass noodles, scallion, garlic, ginger, egg, pho spices, fish sauce, sugar, salt and pepper until well mixed.nLay out the dumpling wrappers on a work surface and place one tablespoon of the dumpling mixture in the center of each wrapper. Dip your finger or a pastry brush in a bowl of cool water and use it to moisten the bottom edge of a wrapper. Fold the top of the wrapper over the filling to form a semicircle and press the edges firmly together to seal. Pinch the edges to make decorative pleats. Repeat with all the wrappers.nHeat the oil in a deep fryer until it reaches 350 degrees F. Working in batches so the pot doesnt get overcrowded, fry the dumplings until goldenbrown, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer the dumplings to a paper towellined plate to drain. Serve hot with soy sauce for dipping, if using., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 1 cup finely chopped Napa cabbage, 12 cup finely chopped cooked glass noodles see Cooks Notes, 14 cup finely chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons minced fresh ginger, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons packaged pho spices see Cooks Notes, 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, 1 tablespoon sugar, Salt and ground black pepper, 30 to 35 round dumpling wrappers about 10 ounces wrappers, Canola or vegetable oil for frying, Soy sauce, for dipping, optional], title: FeasTO Pho Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 59289: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSet the chickens on a rimmed baking sheet, sprinkle them all over with salt and pepper, and drizzle with olive oil. Roast to an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, taken between the breast and thigh, about 1 hour.nAllow to cool. With two forks, shred all the meat off the bone.nIn a large bowl, combine the shredded chicken, mayonnaise, grapes, walnuts, celery, apples, chives, lemon juice and big pinches of salt and pepper. Toss well.nTo assemble the sandwiches: Fill a leaf of butter lettuce with some chicken salad. Sandwich the stuffed lettuce with two slices of bread spread with mayo. Repeat for the remaining sandwiches. Slice in half and enjoy., ingredients: [2 whole chickens 3 to 4 pounds each, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for drizzling, 13 cup mayonnaise, plus more for serving, 1 cup green grapes, sliced, 1 cup walnuts, chopped, 4 ribs celery, chopped, 1 green apple, peeled and chopped, 1 bunch chives, chopped, 1 lemon, juiced, Butter lettuce, for serving, Country loaf or nice wholewheat bread, sliced and toasted, for serving], title: Waldorf Chicken Salad Sandwiches, picturelink: F57xnvwjeB8LkubjxK7san7xdTd2cG}, 59290: {instructions: Drain the oil from the mango pickle into two castiron skillets. Turn the heat on high under the skillets. When hot, sear the cauliflower in one skillet and cook the cabbage in the other. Cook both until fork tender.nWhen the cabbage is almost finished, add threequarters of the mango pickle and continue cooking a few more minutes. Add half the raisins. When the cauliflower is finished, toss in the remaining mango pickle, corn and remaining raisins.nPut the cabbage in a bowl and top with the cauliflower., ingredients: [14 cup mango pickle in oil, 12 head yellow cauliflower, cut into steaks, 12 head red cabbage, shredded, 14 cup golden raisins, plumped in hot water, 1 ear grilled corn, kernels cut off], title: Cast Iron Veggies with Mango Pickle, picturelink: pmz6NxciFIoICedL3oiJ1PzYWvbWPKi}, 59291: {instructions: Bring prime ribs to cool room temperature about 1 12 hours out of the refrigerator. Make sure you know the weight of the roast.nPreheat oven to 275 degrees.nSeason roast extremely well with salt and pepper. Place in roasting pan, fatty side up, and place in oven. Cook until desired degree of doneness is reached resist the temptation to open the oven door a lot. For rare meat, the roast should take about 20 minutes per pound. When youre within half an hour of your estimated finish time, remove the roast from the oven, and plunge a quickread thermometer into a fleshy part of the meat near the center dont do anywhere near a bone. We like to stop cooking the roast in the oven at 115 degrees this is extremely rare, but the roast will continue to cook as it stands outside the oven the temperature should go up 5 to 10 degrees. If you remove it at 120 degrees it will be rare, and at 125 degrees it will be mediumrare we wouldnt recommend going much higher than that.nPlace the roast on a cutting board, uncovered, and let it rest for 15 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, simply cut the meat away from the bone in one enormous chunk. Then, cut the filet of meat into slices and serve immediately. Cut through the bones youll have 5, and serve them separately., ingredients: [5rib prime rib roast, Salt and pepper], title: Ideal Prime Ribs, picturelink: null}, 59292: {instructions: Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper and dredge in the flour. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Brown the chicken, working in batches, and then transfer to a plate. Add a drizzle of EVOO to the pot along with the remaining butter, onions, garlic, celery, fennel and leeks. Sprinkle the vegetables with some salt and pepper and cook until lightly browned, 7 to 8 minutes. Stir in the bay leaf and wine, return the chicken to the pot and cook, partially covered, over a low, rolling simmer, 30 minutes. Stir in the creme fraiche, reduce to a simmer and continue to cook, 30 minutes longer. If the liquid gets too low, add the chicken stock. Transfer the chicken to a warm platter, and add the mustard and chopped tarragon at the last minute. Serve with warm baguette., ingredients: [One 4 to 5pound chicken, cut into 8 pieces, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 1 stick butter, EVOO, for drizzling, 1 cup freshly peeled or defrosted drained pearl onions, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon leaves, Baguette, warmed, 2 ribs celery heart with leafy tops, finely chopped, 1 baby fennel or 14 small bulb, thinly sliced, 1 leek, thinly sliced, 1 large fresh bay leaf, One 750 milliliterbottle dry white wine, such as white Burgundy, 1 cup creme fraiche, 2 to 3 cups chicken stock, if needed, 14 cup Dijon mustard], title: Winter White Coq Au Vin, picturelink: null}, 59293: {instructions: Heat the extravirgin olive oil and butter in a large, deep skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat. Add the ground chicken. Brown the meat 3 to 4 minutes, push it off to the sides of the pan then add mushrooms, garlic, onions and peppers to the center of the pan. Cook the vegetables 5 minutes then mix them together with chicken and season with smoked paprika, salt and pepper. Stir in stock and tomato sauce and bring to a bubble. Reduce heat to a simmer and cook 5 minutes then stir in sour cream and turn off heat. Add parsley. Adjust seasonings, to your taste.nWhile chicken goulash cooks, bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Salt boiling water and cook gnocchi until they puff up like pillows and float, 5 minutes or to package suggestions. Drain gnocchi and add to chicken just after you stir in the sour cream.nLadle goulash with gnocchi into shallow bowls and garnish with chives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 12 pounds ground chicken, 12 pound white mushrooms, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 medium onion, chopped, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, 23 palm full, Salt and pepper, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup tomato sauce, 12 cup sour cream or reduced fat sour cream, Handful chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 package fresh gnocchi, in refrigerated section of market, 12 to 14 ounces, 2 tablespoons chives], title: Chicken and Mushroom Goulash with Gnocchi, picturelink: LEmfnYLP21P6XdBkmuWw2lKUDnZqiZO}, 59294: {instructions: Cooks Note: Make sure all of your ingredients are at room temperature.nPreheat your oven to 400 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nSift the flour, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder and salt together onto parchment paper. With an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed, cream the butter and sugars until light and fluffy, 4 or 5 minutes. Add your eggs, 1 at a time, mixing until completely incorporated before adding the other egg. Mix in the chocolate and vanilla, making sure to combine really well. Turn the mixer to low and slowly add the dry ingredients, alternating with the buttermilk, in 3 batches, starting and ending with the flour mixture. Make sure to let it mix thoroughly.nHeap the batter onto the baking sheets with a 1ounce ice cream scoop. Bake until the tops crack, 12 to 15 minutes or so. Cool on a rack. Repeat with the remaining batter.nSpread 2 heaping tablespoons of Cream Cheese Filling onto half of the cakes. Sandwich together with the other cake halves. Refrigerate for 1 hour. Store in an airtight container in refrigerator for up to a week, and allow to come to room temperature 1 hour before serving.nCream the cream cheese, butter, salt and almond extract in a mixer on low speed with the whisk attachment. Slowly add the confectioners sugar and mix until smooth. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl when necessary., ingredients: [3 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 34 cup unsweetened cocoa powder not Dutch processed, 1 tablespoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons fine sea salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 34 cup granulated sugar, 2 eggs, 1 cup semisweet chocolate, melted and cooled, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 cups buttermilk, Cream Cheese Filling, recipe follows, 2 8ounce blocks cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 teaspoons almond extract, 5 cups confectioners sugar], title: Whoopie Pies, picturelink: aDpJDhLVSLMVov9xoTZik3uJUQKEVxe}, 59295: {instructions: Make the filling: Bake the potatoes in a preheated 350 degree F. oven until fork tender, about 30 to 40 minutes. Peel, and while still warm, pass through a food mill. In a small saute pan, heat the 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the shallots and garlic, and cook until soft. In a medium bowl, combine the farmers cheese, goat cheese, mascarpone, 3 tablespoons Parmesan, the herbs, and the beaten egg. Add the cooked shallots and garlic and the warm potato. Stir until blended being careful not to overmix, or the mixture will get pasty. Season with salt and pepper. Cover and refrigerate until needed. Then, with lightly moistened hands, roll into 12ounce balls, about the size of golf balls.nCut the pasta dough into 4 portions and work with 1 portion at a time, keeping the remaining dough covered with plastic wrap. Lightly dust the work surface with flour. With a pasta machine or a rolling pin, roll out the dough about 20 inches long and 4 inches wide. Brush the dough with egg wash and arrange 9 to 10 balls of filling on the lower third of the length of the dough, about 1 to 1 12 inches apart.nFold the top half over to cover the balls. Press the dough around each ball to seal, making sure that you do not have any air pockets. With a 2inch round cookie cutter, cut the ravioli. Dust a tray with flour and arrange the ravioli on the tray, dusting with more flour. Repeat with the remaining dough, egg wash, and filling. Refrigerate, covered, until needed.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the ravioli until al dente, about 3 to 4 minutes.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan, over high heat, add the oil and the remaining butter. Cook the butter until it begins to brown. Drain the ravioli and toss into the browned butter, turning to coat both sides. Add the remaining Parmesan and season with salt and pepper. Garnish with parsley and hazelnuts and serve immediately.nIn a food processor fitted with the steel blade, combine the flour, egg yolks, salt, olive oil, and 2 tablespoons of the water. Process until the dough begins to hold together, then stop the machine and pinch the dough to test it. If its too dry, add up to 1 more tablespoon of water and process until it forms a moist ball. Turn out on a lightly floured smooth work surface and knead by hand, until a smooth ball is formed. Loosely wrap in plastic wrap and let rest at room temperature for 30 minutes to 1 hour.nCut the dough into 4 equal pieces. Keep the other pieces covered in plastic while you roll out 1 piece at a time, by hand with a rolling pin or through the rollers of a pasta machine, stretching the dough to the desired thickness.nIf using a pasta machine, set the rollers at the widest opening. Flatten the first piece of dough into a thick strip no wider than the machine, to enable it to pass through the rollers. If necessary, dust the pasta very lightly with flour. Run the pasta through the machine. Fold in thirds, crosswise, and run through the machine again. Repeat this procedure 2 or more times, until the dough is smooth and somewhat elastic. Set the machine to the next smaller opening and run the dough through the rollers.nContinue rolling and stretching the dough, using the smaller opening each time, until the next to the last or the last opening is reached, dusting lightly with flour only as necessary. The strip of dough will be long. If you dont have enough space on your worktable, halfway through the rolling process cut the strip of dough in half and continue to work with each piece separately, keeping the unused dough covered.nAdjust the cutting mechanism to the desired width, cut the noodles, and allow them to dry before cooking. A convenient way to dry pasta is to arrange the cut pasta on a pastry tray sprinkled with flour, preferably semolina flour. As 1 layer is completed, sprinkle flour over the noodles, place a piece of parchment paper over them, and continue layering with noodles and flour. Dry for at least 15 to 20 minutes.nRepeat with the remaining pieces of dough., ingredients: [1 pound baking potatoes about 2 large, scrubbed thoroughly, 2 tablespoons 14 stick unsalted butter, plus 8 tablespoons 1 stick, 2 tablespoons minced shallots, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 8 ounces farmers cheese, 5 ounces goat cheese, 2 ounces mascarpone, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, plus 14 cup freshly grated, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chervil leaves, 1 egg, lightly beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground white pepper, Basic Pasta Dough, recipe follows, Semolina or allpurpose flour, for dusting, 1 egg lightly beaten with 1 teaspoon water, for egg wash, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Minced fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 14 cup toasted and chopped hazelnuts, 3 cups flour, 8 large egg yolks, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 to 5 tablespoons water, Semolina or allpurpose flour, for dusting], title: My Grandmas Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 59296: {instructions: Soften gelatin in cold water until it is the consistency of plastic wrap approximately 5 minutes. Combine cream and sugar, and bring to scald. Remove from the heat add softened gelatin, which has been squeezed dry of all excess water. Add buttermilk. Pass through a fine mesh strainer. Divide among ramekins. Refrigerate until set approximately 4 hours.nCombine strawberries and sugar and macerate for approximately 12 hour. Afterwards strain the strawberries, reserving the juice and macerated berries separately. Serve panna cotta topped with strawberry liquid spooned on top and with macerated strawberries., ingredients: [2 12 sheets gelatin, 1 cup cream, 13 cup sugar, 1 12 cup buttermilk, 1 cup halved small strawberries, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Buttermilk Panna Cotta with Macerated Strawberries, picturelink: null}, 59297: {instructions: Set leaves on a plate. Add oranges, almonds, cheese, chives and salt. Cover with Vinagreta de Ajo Tostado. Serve.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRoast garlic in 14 cup olive oil in a small baking dish until garlic is very tender, about 20 minutes. Allow to cool slightly. Transfer to blender. Add sherry vinegar, shallots, salt and freshly ground pepper. Blend. Gradually add remaining 12 cup olive oil., ingredients: [1 bunch endive leaves, cored and cleaned, 8 tablespoons orange segments, 4 tablespoons sliced toasted almonds, 8 ounces Spanish goat cheese, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt, 4 tablespoons Vinagreta de Ajo Tostado, recipe follows, 14 cup garlic cloves, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 12 cup, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped shallots, Salt and pepper], title: Edivias Con Brana, Naranjas y Almendras Endives with Oranges, Almonds and Goat Cheese, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 59298: {instructions: Pineapple and Zucchini Salsa:nMix all ingredients together in a bowl. Season with salt, to taste. Refrigerate, covered, until ready to use. Bring to room temperature just before serving.nBlack Beans:nPlace beans in a saucepot. Cover with water and cook at a low simmer until tender but not mushy. Add garlic and salt, to taste.nWhite Rice:nHeat oil in a 4quart pot. Add rice and cook approximately 3 minutes or until rice starts turning light brown. Then add water, garlic, and salt. Simmer until the water is absorbed, then cover and let stand for 20 minutes. Fluff just before serving.nAl Pastor Adobo Marinade:nPlace chiles in a pan and cover with water. Bring to a boil and cook until softened. Transfer softened chiles to a food processor. Add all remaining ingredients, except pork or chicken, and puree until smooth. Cover pork tenderloin in marinade.nPreheat a grill. Grill pork tenderloin, turning as needed, until it reaches 150 degrees F when measured with an instantread meat thermometer. Let rest for 10 minutes before dicing into cubes.nTo serve:nIn 4 or 6 serving bowls, layer rice, beans, and pork. Top with pineapple and zucchini salsa., ingredients: [2 12 pounds zucchini, shredded, 1 large carrot, shredded, 12 pineapple, chopped, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 ounces jalapeno peppers, chopped, 3 ounces rice wine vinegar, 3 ounces olive oil, 1 teaspoon sugar, Salt, 1 cup black beans, triplewashed, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon chopped garlic, Salt, 1ounce vegetable oil, 1 cup mediumgrain rice, 2 cups hot water, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon salt, 4 arbol chiles, 3 Guajillo chiles, 3 ancho chiles, 2 chipotle chiles, 6 ounces white vinegar, 6 ounces pineapple juice, 5 ounces water, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 12 teaspoon sugar, 14 yellow onion, chopped, 2 cloves, 14 piece cinnamon stick, 2 teaspoons salt, 4 garlic cloves, 2 teaspoons chopped oregano leaves, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 pounds pork tenderloin chicken may be substituded], title: Cha Cha Bowl, picturelink: EB95ZPcJX5nHYX7coKymhB.rMQPhB6}, 59299: {instructions: Place chicken pieces in a gallon size zipper lock plastic bag. Mix buttermilk with 1 tablespoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper. Pour buttermilk mixture over chicken, seal, then refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 24 hours.nMeasure 2 cups flour, 2 teaspoons salt and 12 teaspoon pepper into a large doubled brown paper bag shake to combine. Drop half of chicken pieces into flour mixture and shake thoroughly to coat completely with flour. Remove chicken from bag, shaking excess flour from each piece. Place pieces onto a large wire rack set over a jelly roll pan until you are ready to fry. Coat remaining chicken pieces in the same manner.nMeanwhile, spoon enough shortening to measure 12inch deep in a 12inch skillet heat to 350 degrees. Drop chicken pieces, skin side down, into hot oil, cover you can use a cookie sheet and cook for 5 minutes. Lift chicken pieces with tongs to make sure chicken is frying evenly rearrange if some are browning faster than others. Cover again and continue cooking until pieces are evenly browned, about 5 minutes longer. Turn chicken over with tongs and cook, uncovered, until chicken is browned all over, 10 to 12 minutes longer. Remove chicken from skillet with tongs and place on wire rack set over jelly roll pan. Strain hot fat into a heatsafe container., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, about 3 pounds, cut into 9 or 10 pieces, back, neck, wing tips and giblets reserved, 1 12 cups buttermilk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups all purpose flour, 3 to 4 cups vegetable shortening for frying], title: Buttermilk Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 59300: {instructions: Make stuffing: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spread bread crumbs in a shallow baking pan and bake in middle of oven until pale golden, about 10 minutes. Cool crumbs completely, then toss with Parmesan, garlic, parsley, soppressata, zest if using, salt, and pepper. Drizzle oil over crumbs and toss to coat evenly.nTrim and stuff artichokes: Cut off artichoke stems and discard. Cut off top 12inch of 1 artichoke with a serrated knife, then cut about 12inch off all remaining leaf tips with kitchen shears. Rub cut leaves with a lemon half. Separate leaves slightly with your thumbs and pull out purple leaves from center and enough yellow leaves to expose fuzzy choke. Scoop out choke with melonball cutter, then squeeze some lemon juice into cavity.nTrim remaining artichokes in same manner.nSpoon about 2 tablespoons stuffing into cavity of each artichoke and, starting with bottom leaves and spreading leaves open as much as possible without breaking, spoon a rounded 12 teaspoon stuffing inside each leaf. Top each artichoke with a slice of provolone.nCook artichokes: Put water, wine, oil, onion, garlic, salt, and pepper in pressure cooker without insert or pot and arrange stuffed artichokes in liquid in 1 layer.nSeal pressure cooker with lid and cook at high pressure, according to manufacturers instructions, 10 minutes. Put pressure cooker in sink do not remove lid and run cold water over lid until pressure goes down completely.nIf using a regular pot, simmer artichokes, covered, until leaves are tender, about 50 minutes. Transfer artichokes with tongs to 4 soup plates and spoon cooking liquid around them.ncooks note: Stuffing may be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [2 cups 4 ounces fine fresh bread crumbs from an Italian loaf, 12 cup 1 12 ounces finely grated Parmesan, 1 12 tablespoons finely chopped garlic, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup 1 14 ounces minced sweet soppressata dried Italian sausage, 1 teaspoon finely grated fresh lemon zest, optional, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 4 small 6 to 7 ounce artichokes use larger artichokes 8 to 9 ounce if using a regular pot, 1 lemon, halved, 4 thin slices provolone, 1 12 cups water, 12 cup dry white wine, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, Special equipment: a melonball cutter a 6 to 8quart pressure cooker or a wide 4 to 6quart heavy pot with a tightfitting lid], title: Whole Stuffed Artichokes Braised in White Wine, picturelink: fgcoVKx9yibHuq79eRoVazbkpBVdAy}, 59301: {instructions: Special equipment: a large bamboo steamernIn a medium saucepan over low heat, combine the coconut milk, lime juice, garlic, lemongrass, serrano, turbinado sugar and fish sauce. Whisk it all together, then bring to a simmer and cook for 5 minutes. Cover and keep warm until ready to serve. Remove the lemongrass before serving.nFill a large pot with 2 inches of water and bring to a light boil over medium heat. Line a bamboo steamer with parchment paper. Sprinkle the halibut with salt and place in the steamer. Cover the steamer and set it over the pot of boiling water. Steam until the fish is cooked through and tender, 6 to 7 minutes.nTransfer the fillets to shallow bowls and top each serving with about 12 cup of the coconut sauce. Garnish with a cilantro sprig and serve.nCooks Note: Cod or sea bass can be substituted for halibut., ingredients: [Two 13.5ounce cans coconut milk, Juice of 3 limes, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, One 3inch piece lemongrass, split in half and smashed, 12 serrano chile, thinly sliced seeds included, 2 12 tablespoons turbinado sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons fish sauce, Four 6ounce halibut fillets, skin removed see Cooks Note, Kosher salt, Cilantro sprigs, for garnish], title: Steamed Halibut with Coconut Sauce, picturelink: .zI9U1NR4pxXanorY2qkCj.3s8k.Bhy}, 59302: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl stir together chili powder, garlic, cinnamon, salt and cayenne pepper. Rub spice mixture on both sides of steaks.nGrill or broil steaks for 5 to 6 minutes on each side for medium rare, turning once. Remove from grill and let meat sit for 10 to 15 minutes. Carve into thin slices.nWarm tortillas by placing them on the grill, for about 30 seconds, turning once. Or place 6 tortillas at a time between 2 moist paper towels and microwave for 45 seconds. Wrap in cloth napkin or place in a tortilla warmer to keep warm. Place the carved steak, warm tortillas, cabbage, cilantro, lime and Avocado Lime Salsa in serving dishes and let diners make their own tacos at the table.nPlace cucumber, avocado and onion in a large bowl and add lime juice and salt. Add cilantro and chiles and toss gently., ingredients: [1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, A pinch cayenne pepper, 1 14 pound top sirloin steaks cut 1inch thick, 12 small corn tortillas 5 to 6 inches in diameter, 3 cups shredded red cabbage, 12 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 1 lime, cut into wedges, 2 cups Avocado Lime Salsa, recipe follows, 1 large cucumber peeled, seeded and cut into chunks about 2 cups, 2 avocados, cut into chunks, 12 red onion, diced, 2 limes, juiced about 14 cup, Salt, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, 2 jalapeno chiles, chopped, plus more to taste], title: ChiliRubbed Steak Tacos, picturelink: cOGcqo5CvySoVf.eH.Y8gmJWfZnoyQO}, 59303: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350.nGrease an 8 12 x 4 12 x 3 inch loaf pan.nPut the dates, walnuts, baking soda, salt and shortening in a bowl. Pour the boiling water over and stir. Let the mixture stand for 15 minutes.nUsing a fork, beat the eggs and sugar together in a bowl. Add the flours and stir the batter will be too stiff to mix well. Add the date mixture and mix briskly until the batter is well blended. Spoon into the loaf pan and bake 40 to 50 minutes. Check the loaf often it is done when a few moist crumbs cling to a straw inserted in the middle of the loaf. The bread will continue to bake after it is removed from the oven. Do not overbake, or the loaf will be dry.nWhen the loaf is done, slide a knife around the edges of the pan and turn the loaf onto a rack to cool completely. This bread freezes well., ingredients: [1 cup pitted chopped dates, 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons vegetable shortening, 34 cup boiling water, 2 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup whole wheat flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour], title: Date Nut Bread, picturelink: null}, 59304: {instructions: In a martini shaker, combine all ingredients with 12 cup of ice. Shake and strain into 2 chilled martini glasses. Garnish each glass with a slice of lime., ingredients: [4 ounces orange juice, 4 ounces pineapple juice, 2 ounces ouzo, 2 ounces vodka, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, 2 lime slices, for garnish, Ice], title: Ouzo Martini  2, picturelink: null}, 59305: {instructions: In a bowl, combine marinade ingredients and marinate scallops while you prep the rest of the ingredients.nCook soba according to package directions drain. In a large mixing bowl, combine soba with remaining pasta mixture ingredients. Toss like a Caesar salad.nIn a skillet, heat oil over medium heat and saute scallops 1 12 minutes on each side do not overcook. Pour scallops and juices right over soba., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 12 tablespoons orange juice, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced red bell pepper, 1 tablespoon minced yellow bell pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon minced cilantro leaves, 12 teaspoon sugar, Salt and white pepper, 12 pound soba Japanese thin brown wheat noodles, 12 fresh spinach leaves, 12 cup julienned carrots, 12 cup julienned red bell pepper, 12 cup julienned zucchini, 12 fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon minced cilantro, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 teaspoon sesame seed oil, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons canola oil, 1 12 pounds scallops], title: Gingered Scallops with Colorful Soba Noodles, picturelink: null}, 59306: {instructions: Special equipment: cheesecloth Line a strainer with cheesecloth.nMake yogurt cheese the night before. Place yogurt cheese in a large bowl. Fold the nonfat whipped topping into the yogurt cheese. Fold the strawberries, malted milk powder, and chocolate chunks into the yogurt mixture. Transfer to the bowl of an ice cream maker and process according to the manufacturers instructions. Transfer ice cream to a freezersafe container with a lid and freeze for at least 2 hours to let ice cream set up. Serve Raspberry Sauce over ice cream.nPlace the strainer over a bowl. Pour the yogurt into the cheesecloth. Cover and refrigerate for at least 8 hours, or overnight. Discard the liquid in the bowl. Yield: about 1 12 to 1 34 cupsnPuree raspberries and sugar substitute in a blender until smooth. Transfer sauce to a small saucepan and bring to a simmer over medium heat. Remove from the heat and let cool for 20 minutes before serving over ice cream. Yield: about 1 cup, ingredients: [1 12 cups yogurt cheese, recipe follows, 1 cup nonfat whipped topping, thawed, 1 cup strawberries, washed and quartered, 14 cup malted milk powder, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chunks or chips, Raspberry Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pint plain nonfat yogurt, 2 cups fresh or frozen raspberries if frozen, then thaw before using, 1 teaspoon sugar substitute recommended: Splenda], title: Ice Cream with Raspberry Sauce, picturelink: FgXXG75b7fI5KtCR0YvkjyfQoGgyGCq}, 59307: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 12cup muffin tin with nonstick spray and place in the oven while you make the batter.nIn a large bowl, combine the cornmeal, baking powder, sugar, red pepper flakes and salt. Stir to combine. Add the milk, oil and corn and stir until just combined. Stir in the Cheddar, onions and green peppers and stir just until incorporated.nCarefully remove the hot muffin tin from the oven and ladle the batter into it. Return to the oven and bake until a toothpick comes out clean, about 15 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes. Remove from the muffin tin and serve., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying muffin tin, 3 cups cornmeal, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 2 cups milk, 12 cup canola oil, One 14.75ounce can creamstyle corn, 1 cup grated sharp Cheddar, 1 cup finely diced yellow onion about 1 small, 12 cup diced green bell pepper], title: Southwestern Cornbread, picturelink: s3eytp31YB9ADppcHPO.aZveK7w8DP6}, 59308: {instructions: To make artichoke crust, place the artichoke bottoms, thyme, garlic, buttermilk or yogurt, mustard, bread crumbs, salt and pepper in a food processor fitted with a steel blade and process until smooth. Sprinkle the salmon with the salt and pepper. Divide the artichoke crust into 4 portions and place dollops on the top side only of the salmon fillets. Pat down to form a crust. Cover the artichoke crust with the artichoke slices or sprinkle with bread crumbs. To make the mint vinaigrette, combine the tomato, shallots, mint, lemon juice, salt, pepper and vinegar in a small bowl. Set aside. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Place a large non stick skillet over a medium high heat and when it is hot, add the salmon fillets skin side down. Cook until the skin is crispy, about 2 minutes. Transfer to the oven and bake until the salmon is rare, about 10 minutes. Serve immediately with the mint vinaigrette., ingredients: [6 fresh, frozen or canned artichoke bottoms, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 3 garlic cloves, 14 cup nonfat buttermilk or yogurt, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons unflavored bread crumbs, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, 12 baby artichokes, thinly sliced through the heart optional or 2 tablespoons bread crumbs, 1 beefsteak tomato, minced, 2 shallots, peeled and minced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint leaves, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon sherry vinegar], title: Artichoke Crusted Salmon with Mint Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 59309: {instructions: Place 10inch layer cake in the center of sheet cake. Place the 8inch layer cake on the top of the 10inch layer cake. Decorate the top and sides of the cake with the cookies by gently pressing them into frosting.nFinish decorating with dragees., ingredients: [1 bakerybought halfsheet cake, frosted white, 1 bakerybought 10inch layer cake, frosted white, 1 bakerybought 8inch layer cake, frosted white, 12 to 15 wedding theme decorated cookies, Silver dragees], title: NoBake Love Cake, picturelink: B7m5QnT8E7bG5blB6KMMKmF8jb5Xwa}, 59310: {instructions: In a food processor or blender combine the pepper flakes, paprika, garlic, coriander, caraway, 2 teaspoons water and 3 to 6 tablespoons olive oil. Puree until mixture forms a paste, adding additional water andor oil if necessary. Transfer to a jar and cover with olive oil. Harissa will keep in the refrigerator for up to 6 months., ingredients: [1 cup red pepper flakes, 3 tablespoons paprika, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 3 teaspoons ground caraway, 2 to 3 tablespoons water, Olive oil], title: Harissa, picturelink: null}, 59311: {instructions: Heat the wine and garlic in a 2quart cast iron pot over medium heat. Add the American cheese and Parmesan cheese. Stir to combine until the cheeses melt completely, about 5 minutes. Stir in the truffle oil and season with pepper.nServe with salad greens and bread., ingredients: [2 cups white wine, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 8 ounces white American cheese, grated, 7 ounces Parmesan cheese, grated, 1 tablespoon truffle oil, Pinch coarsely ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: Salad greens and soft, toasted bread or old chewy bread.], title: Perigord Fondue, picturelink: EffNdXlgOqA8UioNy3ywzgM494BXuEG}, 59312: {instructions: In a 2 gallon stockpot, heat 5 quarts water and onions, celery, and carrots to a boil. Add chicken pieces and poach, covered, over low heat for about 35 to 45 minutes, until cooked through and juices run clear when pierced with a fork. Remove the meat from the stock. Strain and reserve the stock.nHeat 2 quarts of water in a kettle. On a 10inch dry comal, griddle, or in a castiron frying pan, toast the chiles over medium heat until blackened, but not burnt, about 10 minutes. Place the chiles in a large bowl, cover with hot water, and soak for 12 hour. Remove the chiles from the soaking water with tongs, placing small batches in a blender with 14 cup of the chile soaking water to blend smooth. Put the chile puree through a strainer to remove the skins.nIn the same dry comal, griddle, or frying pan, grill the onion and garlic over medium heat for 10 minutes. Set aside. Toast the almonds, peanuts, cinnamon stick, peppercorns, and cloves in a dry comal, griddle or castiron frying pan for about 5 minutes. Remove them from the pan.nOver the same heat, toast the chile seeds, taking care to blacken but not burn them, about 20 minutes. Try to do this outside or in a wellventilated place because the seeds will give off very strong fumes. When the seeds are completely black, light them with a match and let them burn themselves out. Remove from the heat and place in a bowl. Soak the blackened seeds in 1 cup of cold water for 10 minutes. Drain the seeds and grind them in a blender for about 2 minutes. Add the blended chile seeds to the blended chile mixture.nHeat 3 tablespoons of oil in an 8inch castiron frying pan over medium heat until smoking. Add the raisins and fry them until they are plump, approximately 1 minute. Remove from the pan. Fry the bread slice in the same oil until browned, about 5 minutes, over medium heat. Remove from pan. Fry the plantain in the same oil until it is well browned, approximately 10 minutes, over medium heat. Set aside. Fry the sesame seeds, stirring constantly over low heat, adding more oil if needed. When the sesame seeds start to brown, about 5 minutes, add the pecans and brown for 2 minutes more. Remove all from the pan, let cool, and grind finely in a spice grinder. It takes a bit of time, but this is the only way to grind the seeds and nuts finely enough.nWipe out the frying pan and fry the tomatoes, tomatillos, thyme, and oregano over medium to high heat, allowing the juices to almost evaporate, about 15 minutes. Blend well, using 12 cup of reserved stock if needed to blend and set aside. Place the nuts, bread, plantains, raisins, onion, garlic and spices in the blender in small batches, and blend well, adding about 1 cup of stock to make it smooth.nIn a heavy 4quart stockpot, heat 2 tablespoons of lard or oil until smoking and fry the chile paste over medium to low heat, stirring constantly so it will not burn, approximately 20 minutes. When it is dry, add the tomato puree and fry until the liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes. Add the ground ingredients, including the sesame seed paste, to the pot. Stir constantly with a wooden soon until wellincorporated, about 10 minutes. Add 1 cup chicken stock to the mole, stir well, and allow to cook 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.nBreak up the chocolate and add to the pot, stirring until it is melted and incorporated into the mixture.nToast the avocado leaf briefly over the flame if you have a gas range or in a dry frying pan and then add it to the pot. Slowly add more stock to the mole, as it will keep thickening as it cooks. Add enough salt to bring out the flavor. Let simmer another 30 minutes, stirring occasionally so it does not stick, adding stock as needed. The mole should not be thick just thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.nPlace the cooked chicken pieces in the leftover stock in a saucepan and heat through.nTo serve, place a piece of chicken in a shallow bowl and ladle 34 of a cup of mole sauce over to cover it completely. Serve immediately with lots of hot corn tortillas.nYou can use oil instead of lard to fry the mole, but the flavor will change dramatically. In our pueblo, people traditionally use turkey instead of chicken, and sometimes add pieces of pork and beef to enhance the flavor. You can use leftover mole and chicken meat to make Enmoladas or Tamales Oazaquenos made with banana leaves.nInspired by Maria Taboada and Paula Martinez, ingredients: [2 3 pound chickens, cut into 12 pieces, skinned, 5 chilhuacles negros, seeded and deveined seeds reserved, 5 guajillos, seeded and deveined seeds reserved, 4 pasillas Mexicanos, seeded and deveined seeds reserved, 4 anchos negros, seeded and deveined seeds reserved, 2 chipotles mecos, seeded and deveined seeds reserved, 12 head garlic, cloves separated, 2 tablespoons whole almonds, 2 tablespoons shelled and skinned raw peanuts, 1 1inch piece Mexican cinnamon, 3 black peppercorns, 3 whole cloves, 3 tablespoons sunflower oil, 1 12 tablespoons raisins, 1 slice eggdough bread, 1 small ripe plantain, cut into 12inch slices, 12cup sesame seeds, 2 pecan halves, 12 pound chopped tomatoes, 14 pound chopped tomatillos, 1 sprig thyme, or 12 tsp. dried, 1 sprig Oaxacan oregano, or 12 tsp. dried, 2 tablespoons lard, 4 12 ounces Mexican chocolate, 1 avocado leaf, Salt, to taste, 4 large onions, chopped, plus 1 medium onion, quartered, 8 ribs celery, chopped, 8 carrots, chopped], title: Mole Negro Oaxaqueno: Oaxacan Black Mole, picturelink: null}, 59313: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the vermicelli and cook until al dente. Drain and toss with the 1 teaspoon of olive oil while still hot. Let cool for 20 minutes.nHeat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the hen pieces and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until browned. Add the tomato, water, peas, ginger, turmeric, pepper, parsley, bay leaves, saffron, and chickpeas and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is reduced by 13, about 45 minutes.nSpread the vermicelli on a large platter. Pour over the some of the sauce and gently mix. Top with the hens and chickpeas. Add remainder of sauce, as desired, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound vermicelli called chaaria or shaarya, broken into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon plus 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 1 12pound Cornish game hens, cut into 8 pieces, 2 medium onions, diced, 1 medium tomato, chopped, 3 cups water, 1 cup fresh green peas, 1 tablespoon ground ginger, 1 tablespoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 6 flatleaf parsley sprigs, chopped, 2 to 3 bay leaves, Pinch saffron, 1 cup canned, drained chickpeas, rinsed], title: Cornish Hen Vermicelli: Shaaria Bd Djaaj, picturelink: NbIPSdUMs7gQA9Xlsdjpu8IbNFjuTnO}, 59314: {instructions: Pancakes:nPlace dry ingredients in a stainless steel bowl and whisk to combine. Fold in eggs and buttermilk with a spoon or rubber spatula. Stir in melted butter and set aside batter to rest for at least 1 hour.nHeat a nonstick griddle over medium heat. Ladle pancake batter onto hot griddle, in batches as necessary, and cook until bubbles form around the edges. Flip pancakes and continue cooking on second side until set and golden brown. Keep warm in a 200 degree F oven until ready to serve.nSauce:nIn a saucepan, combine berries, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon, and nutmeg and bring to a boil. In a small bowl, combine cornstarch and water, stirring until it dissolves. Add the cornstarch slurry to the sauce to thicken. Stir until smooth and simmer slowly for 2 to 3 minutes.nTo serve, stack 2 pancakes on a plate and top with 4 tablespoons of sauce., ingredients: [1 12 cups coarseground cornmeal, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 eggs, beaten, 4 cups buttermilk, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, 1 cup raspberries, 1 cup blueberries, 1 cup blackberries, 12 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 14 cup cold water], title: Polenta Pancakes with Warm Berry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59315: {instructions: Fry bacon until crisp, drain on paper towels, and reserve.nPlace the parsnips in a saucepan of salted boiling water, and cook until soft. Drain parsnips, mash with 2 tablespoons of butter and season with salt and pepper. Add diced bacon. Wet your hands and shape the mixture into 6 cakes. Dip each cake into the flour, then the egg, then the bread crumbs to coat.nHeat the oil and remaining 2 tablespoons butter or reserved bacon fat in a large skillet. Fry the cakes until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side.nServe cakes immediately, sprinkled with crispy bacon., ingredients: [12 pound slab bacon, cut into 14 inch cubes, 1 pound parsnips, peeled and chopped, 2 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Flour, for coating, 1 egg, beaten, Fresh bread crumbs, for coating, 1 tablespoon olive oil], title: Parsnip Cakes with Crispy Bacon, picturelink: null}, 59316: {instructions: Cook 3 sliced garlic cloves in olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat until golden. Add 1 large head chopped escarole in batches, season with salt and red pepper flakes and cook until just wilted, 3 minutes. Add one 14ounce can diced tomatoes cook until the liquid is reduced, 7 minutes. Stir in 2 teaspoons chopped oregano season with salt. Drizzle with olive oil and top with grated parmesan., ingredients: [], title: Braised Escarole with Tomatoes, picturelink: 3fCzbhYKorJwe1bind6QErO5jcdAXq6}, 59317: {instructions: Wash the chiles in warm water, carefully slit them open on one side, and remove the seeds and veins.nBring the white vinegar, red vinegar, and water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add the piloncillo, oil, and salt. Heat until the piloncillo melts. Add the garlic, onions, bay leaves, thyme, peppercorns and allspice. Cook about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat. Add the chiles. Place all of the Chiles Anchos en Escabeche in a covered container and marinate one day at room temperature. They will hold, refrigerated, at least 1 week.nPrepare the Avocado Filling just before serving.nDrain the chiles and stuff with the Avocado Filling. Arrange on a serving platter and drench with the marinade. Decorate with the onion and garlic drained from the marinade. The chiles may be sliced in half lengthwise and stuffed, for smaller portions.nMash the avocados with a fork and stir in the onions, cilantro, chiles, and lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper., ingredients: [4 medium size, dried ancho chiles, 1 12 cups white vinegar, 1 12 cups red wine vinegar, 1 cup water, 1 cone 6 12 ounces piloncillo or 1 cup brown sugar, 13 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 6 garlic cloves, cut into strips, 2 medium white onions, peeled and thinly sliced, 5 bay leaves, 10 sprigs thyme, 1 tablespoon black peppercorns, 1 tablespoon whole allspice, Avocado Filling, recipe follows, 45 avocados, peeled and finely chopped, 1 small white onion, peeled and finely chopped, 14 cup cilantro, finely chopped, 3 small serrano chiles or 1 small jalapeno chile, finely chopped, Juice of 2 limes, Sea salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Chiles Anchos en Escabeche con Guacamole, picturelink: null}, 59318: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, mix the egg, egg yolks, and 12 cup of the sugar together on low speed until just combined. Meanwhile, scald the cream in a small saucepan until its very hot to the touch but not boiled. With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the cream to the eggs. Add the vanilla and orange liqueur and pour into 6 to 8ounce ramekins until almost full.nPlace the ramekins in a baking pan and carefully pour boiling water into the pan to come halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, until the custards are set when gently shaken. Remove the custards from the water bath, cool to room temperature, and refrigerate until firm.nTo serve, spread 1 tablespoon of sugar evenly on the top of each ramekin and heat with a kitchen blowtorch until the sugar carmelizes evenly. Allow to sit at room temperature for a minute until the caramelized sugar hardens., ingredients: [1 extralarge egg, 4 extralarge egg yolks, 12 cup sugar, plus 1 tablespoon for each serving, 3 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Creme Brulee, picturelink: .NZc4JG0iPZKGvxr1oT3t6htV52lV.}, 59319: {instructions: In a saucepan over medium heat, heat the halfandhalf, cream, vanilla, cinnamon stick and ground cinnamon, whisking occasionally to make sure the mixture doesnt burn or stick to the bottom of the pan. When the cream mixture reaches a fast simmer do not let it boil, turn off the heat and let the flavors infuse for 10 minutes.nWhisk together the egg yolks and the sugar. In a thin stream, whisk half of the cream mixture into the egg yolk mixture. Then pour the eggcream mixture back into the saucepan containing the rest of the cream mixture. Heat over medium heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. At 160 degrees, the mixture will give off a puff of steam. When the mixture reaches 180 degrees it will be thickened and creamy, like eggnog. If you dont have a thermometer, test it by dipping a wooden spoon into the mixture. Run your finger down the back of the spoon. If the stripe remains clear, the mixture is ready if the edges blur, the mixture is not quite thick enough yet. When it is ready, quickly remove it from the heat.nMeanwhile, in a bowl, put two handfuls of ice cubes in the bottom, and add cold water to cover. Rest a smaller bowl in the ice water. Pour the cream mixture through a fine sieve or chinois to remove the vanilla bean pieces and cinnamon sticks and into the smaller bowl. Chill 3 hours, then continue according to the directions of your ice cream maker., ingredients: [2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups heavy cream, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 1 cinnamon stick, 34 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 9 egg yolks, 34 cup sugar], title: Cinnamon Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 59320: {instructions: Coat each snapper with 14 cup jerk marinadenPlace on a hot, clean grill. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes on each side. Serve with the Avocado Salsa.nPuree all ingredients in a blender until smooth. Reserve.nCombine all ingredients together and spoon over snapper when they are cooked., ingredients: [4 1 14 pound yellowtail snappers, scaled, trimmed, and eviscerated, Jerk Marinade, recipe follows, Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 1 bunch thyme, picked and chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves only, chopped, 1 bunch Italian parsley, leaves only, chopped, 2 allspice berries, 2 cloves, Pinch cinnamon, 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, 4 cloves garlic, 2 inches fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 1 bunch scallions, chopped, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 2 to 3 Haas avocados, peeled, seeded, and chopped, 4 limes, juiced, 1 round, ripe tomato, chopped, 1 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 jalapeno, seeded and minced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and pepper], title: Grilled Jerkrubbed Snapper with Avocado Salsa, picturelink: null}, 59321: {instructions: Combine egg yolks and muffin mix and knead well. The mixture should be a smooth dough consistency.nIn a medium saucepan, cook the onions in vegetable oil until soft, about 8 minutes. Remove from heat. Strain the onions, reserving the oil and the onions separately.nIn a mixing bowl, mix mashed potatoes, 4 tablespoons of the onion flavored oil, salt, and pepper, to taste.nWith rolling pin, roll dough to 18inch thick, and cut into 2inch square shaped pieces. Add dollop of potato filling to center, close the 4 corners of the dough, and pinch shut.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the Kartoffel and Verenika and boil gently for 10 minutes. Drain.nTo serve, sprinkle with sauteed onions and croutons. Top with sour cream., ingredients: [5 egg yolks, 12 cup muffin mix, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 onion, sliced, 2 potatoes, boiled and mashed, Fine salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup salad croutons, 1 cup sour cream], title: Kartoffel and Verenika, picturelink: null}, 59322: {instructions: Build a multilevel fire in the grill: Leave 14 of the bottom free of coals, bank the coals in the remaining 34 of the grill so that they are 3 times as high on one side as on the other. When the coals are all ignited and the temperature has lowered to medium hold hand about 5inches above grill grid, over the area where coals are deepest, for 4 to 5 seconds, the grill is ready to cook.nIn a large skillet, cook the bacon over mediumhigh heat until it has rendered a good amount of fat, but has not begun color or crinkle up, about 4 minutes The bacon should be cooked halfway, it should remain pliable. Remove from the heat.nThread the scallops onto skewers, putting 3 on each skewer, zigzagging with a piece of bacon around each trio of scallops, securing it at the top and bottom with toothpicks, or secure with a second skewer. Sprinkle the skewers generously with salt and pepper, then place on grill over the side with fewer coals and cook until scallops are opaque all the way through, about 5 to 7 minutes per side.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the corn, lima beans, tomato, sage, and salt and pepper, to taste. Cook, stirring occasionally, until all the ingredients are nice and hot, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, place about 14 of the succotash on each plate, top with 2 skewers.nCooks note: Try to use the largest scallops available, if dry scallops are available, its even better. When grilling scallops watch carefully for any flareups., ingredients: [8 slices thickcut bacon, 2 pounds about 24 extra large sea scallops, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups corn kernels from 2 ears, 2 cups fresh lima beans, peeled, blanched in boiling salted water for 30 seconds or thawed frozen lima beans, 1 large tomato, cored, cut into small cubes, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leaves, 8 8inch skewers], title: BaconWrapped Scallop Tournedos with Summer Succotash, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 59323: {instructions: Mix the fish sauce, water, chile garlic sauce, the lime juice, and sugar together in a small pan and bring to a boil.nFill a large heavy saute pan with 1inch of oil and heat for 5 minutes until hot, but not smoking.nMake 2 diagonal cuts on each side of the fish for ease of cooking. Salt, pepper, and flour both sides of the fish. Fish should be dry, as to not splatter oil when frying. Lower fish into oil, the oil should bubble vigorously. Cook 4 minutes on each side until golden brown. Check cuts on fish for doneness.nWhen fish is almost cooked, heat up sauce and stir in cornstarch mixture while sauce is boiling. Sauce should be slightly thick, but not lumpy. Remove fish from oil and slightly dry with paper towels. Add scallions to the sauce and pour over fish to cover. Serve with steamed rice., ingredients: [3 ounces fish sauce, 6 ounces water, 1 tablespoons chile garlic sauce, 2 limes, juiced, 2 ounces sugar, 1 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons of water, 2 tablespoons chopped scallion, 2 cups vegetable oil, 1 whole red snapper about 1 12 pounds, scaled, eviscerated, and fins removed, Salt and pepper, Flour, Serving suggestion: Steamed rice], title: Fried Whole Red Snapper with Spicy Chile Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59324: {instructions: Season chicken with garlic powder, onion powder, 18 teaspoon salt, and black pepper. Set aside.nBring 2 skillets sprayed with nonstick spray to medium heat on the stove. In one skillet, cook bell pepper, mushrooms, and onion until softened, 4 to 6 minutes.nIn the other skillet, cook chicken until cooked through, about 3 minutes per side.nCooks Note: Alternatively, use one skillet and cook the veggies and chicken consecutively.nPlace crushed tomatoes in a small bowl and season to taste with garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper. Evenly spoon seasoned tomatoes onto chicken in skillet. Tear string cheese into pieces and place over the tomatoes.nTop chicken with vegetables and turkey pepperoni. Cover with a lid and continue to cook until the cheese softens, 1 to 2 minutes.nPlate your pizzafied chicken and sprinkle with grated topping. Garnish with crushed red pepper and oregano, if using. Enjoy, ingredients: [1 5ounce raw boneless, skinless lean chicken breast cutlet, pounded to 12inch thickness, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, plus more for seasoning tomatoes, 14 teaspoon onion powder, plus more for seasoning tomatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup diced green bell pepper, 14 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 tablespoons diced onion, 1 stick light string cheese, 14 cup canned crushed tomatoes, 4 slices turkey pepperoni, chopped, 1 teaspoon reducedfat Parmesanstyle grated topping, Crushed red pepper, for serving, optional, Fresh oregano leaves, for serving, optional], title: Pizzafied Chicken, picturelink: gyzhitWoxpmX6jBS6gg.tgx2n67xPo2}, 59325: {instructions: Preheat a grill to high. Once hot, grill tomatoes, jalapeno and onion, turning until charred all over. Stem and seed the jalapeno if desired. Coarsely chop or pulse the vegetables in a food processor to make a textured salsa. Stir in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper to taste.nMeanwhile, lightly brush pork with oil, season with chipotle powder and salt and pepper to taste. Lightly brush grate with oil. Grill the pork, turning as needed until a thermometer inserted in thickest part reaches 145 degrees, 20 to 25 minutes. Transfer to cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Slice pork, serve with salsa and Bushsu00ae Texas Ranchero Grillin Beansu00ae., ingredients: [2 medium tomatoes, cored, 1 jalapeno, 14 small white onion, wedge with root attached, 1 garlic clove, minced, 2 Tbsp chopped cilantro, plus sprigs for garnish, 2 pork tenderloins, trimmed, about, 2 pounds, Vegetable oil, 1 tsp chipotle chili powder, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Bushsu00ae Texas Ranchero Grillin Beansu00ae], title: Pork Tenderloin with Charred Tomato and Jalapeno Salsa with Bushs Texas Ranchero Grillin Beans, picturelink: 7KmZkBe.a9cN.JElsWflQU4lCf1Oq}, 59326: {instructions: Heat some vegetable oil in a large stockpot over mediumhigh heat and cook the chicken in batches until it is golden brown. Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside. Add the flour to the chicken juices and stir continuously. Add the butter and cook the roux until it is brown.nAdd the peppers, onion, garlic, parsley, salt, pepper, cayenne, bay leaves, thyme, and 1 quart of water. Stir well and bring to a boil. When the vegetables are soft, put the chicken back into the pot and add the remaining water. In a skillet over medium heat, cook the sausage and ham until they are browned. Add them to the pot along with the shrimp and stir well. Let the gumbo simmer for 1 hour, then add the okra. After 20 minutes, turn off the heat. Ladle a couple of cups of the liquid into a mixing bowl. Add the file powder and whisk until well blended. Pour back into the stock pot and mix well. Its ready to serve, ingredients: [4 3pound chickens, cut into small chunks, Vegetable oil, 1 cup all purposes flour, 1 cup butter, 2 red, green, and yellow bell peppers, chopped, 1 large yellow onion, chopped, 1 12 tablespoons minced garlic, 3 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 5 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons black pepper, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 5 bay leaves, 2 12 teaspoons dried thyme, 3 12 quarts water, 2 links andouille sausage, cut into 14inch half circles, 34 pound ham, cut into 14inch chunks, 1 pound small shrimp, cleaned and deveined, 12 pound okra, 5 tablespoons file powder], title: File Gumbo, picturelink: null}, 59327: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium pan, combine sugar, water and butter. Bring to a boil. Remove from heat and add chocolate, stir until melted and smooth. In a mixing bowl, combine eggs and egg yolks and beat to mix well. Slowly add chocolate mixture and framboise and mix well. Pour into greased molds and bake for 6 to8 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand a few minutes. Invert onto serving plates and garnish with fresh raspberries and whipped cream, ingredients: [6 ounces sugar, 34 cup water, 12 ounces butter, unsalted, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 5 eggs, large, 5 egg yolks, large, 4 tablespoons Framboise liqueur], title: Individual Chocolate Raspberry Flourless Cakes, picturelink: null}, 59328: {instructions: Heat the butter in a skillet just wide enough to hold the fish. When hot add the vegetables and saute for a minute or so just to get them sizzling. Add the wine, cover and cook over very low heat until wilted, about 10 minutes.nSet halibut over the vegetables, season with salt and pepper and add stock or broth just to cover. Simmer, covered, over low heat, until fish is just done, about 10 minutes.nWith a slotted spatula, remove haibut from the liquid and divide into two portions. Set each portion in the bottom of a deep soup plate and garnish with carrot threads or snow peas season the broth and spoon it over the top garnish with black sesame seeds if you wish., ingredients: [1 tablespoon of butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 stalk celery, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons dry white wine, 1 pound halibut steaks, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup or more fish stock or chicken broth, Steamed carrot threads or pea pods for garnish, Black sesame seeds for garnish, optional], title: Braised Halibut, picturelink: null}, 59329: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees. Put the drippings in a 9inch cast iron skillet. Place the skillet in the oven and let the drippings heat while you prepare the batter. In a big bowl, mix the cornmeal, salt, and baking soda. Add the egg and buttermilk, and stir until just blended. The drippings should be good and hot, but not smoking, by now. Carefully remove the skillet from the oven and swirl gently to coat it with drippings. Pour the rest of the drippings into the batter. It should crackle and pop. Mix quickly and lightly, just to blend, then pour the batter into the skillet and put it back in the oven. Bake 20 to 25 minutes, until the bread is set in the middle, the edges are browned, and the top crust is golden. Serve hot, cut into wedges and lifted straight out of the skillet. If you prefer, turn the skillet upside down and let the cornbread slip out on a big plate. If your castiron is seasoned well, it will do so easily., ingredients: [4 tablespoons drippings such as bacon, 2 cups finely ground white cornmeal, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 large egg, 1 12 cups buttermilk], title: Real Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 59330: {instructions: Preheat broiler. Place the warm flesh of the potatoes in a medium bowl. Add the creme fraiche, butter and horseradish and mash until smooth. Fold in the scallions and season with salt and pepper to taste. Fill 4 of the nicest remaining potato shells with the mashed potato mixture and place under the broiler. Broil until lightly golden brown., ingredients: [3 extra large russet potatoes, baked, flesh removed and skins reserved, 14 cup creme fraiche, 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 14 cup finely sliced scallion, Salt and pepper], title: Double Baked Horseradish Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 59331: {instructions: In a medium bowl, mix together 14 cup olive oil, the lime juice, soy sauce, cilantro, chile flakes and garlic. Sprinkle the scallops with salt and pepper. Add the scallops to the marinade, cover with plastic and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in medium, heavy skillet over mediumhigh heat. Remove the scallops from the marinade, discard the marinade, and place the scallops in the skillet. Sear until lightly browned and cooked to desired doneness, 2 to 3 minutes per side for mediumrare. Arrange the scallops decoratively on a platter and serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon olive oil, 14 cup fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon crushed dried red chile flakes, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 pound jumbo sea scallops 12 to 15, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Lime wedges, for serving], title: Cilantro Scallops, picturelink: S2jiNYtOPTtK5fnnrfcBukECu7geCUu}, 59332: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a candy thermometernSpray the bottom of an 8by8inch baking pan with cooking spray. Line the baking pan with overlapping pieces of parchment, leaving enough to hang over the sides of the pan this will help you remove the fudge from the pan. Spray the pieces of parchment with cooking spray.nCombine the corn syrup, sugar, whole milk, cocoa powder and butter in a heavybottom saucepan fitted with a candy thermometer over medium heat. Stir until the sugar and butter melt. Stop stirring and let the mixture continue to cook until the thermometer reaches 238 degrees F, 7 to 10 minutes. Once the mixture reaches 238 degrees F, stir in the vanilla extract and turn off the heat immediately. Pour the spoon fudge into the prepared 8by8inch baking pan, tapping gently so the fudge is evenly distributed. Cool to room temperature, and then place in the refrigerator to set until firm enough to cut, about 1 hour.nOnce the fudge is set, use the parchment to lift the candy out of the baking pan onto a cutting board. Peel off the parchment. Cut the fudge into 1by2inch pieces and wrap each with waxed paper. Store in the refrigerator until ready to serve or up to 1 week.nSplit the vanilla beans lengthwise, leaving them attached at one end. Place them in a 10 to 12ounce bottle and cover with the liquor. Put on the top and shake vigorously. Store at room temperature for 4 weeks to let the flavor develop and mature, shaking the bottle once a week. The extract will keep at room temperature in a dark place like your cabinet for up to 6 months., ingredients: [Cooking spray, for the baking pan, 1 12 cups corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, 34 cup whole milk, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 teaspoons Homemade Vanilla Extract, recipe follows, or storebought vanilla extract, 3 vanilla beans, 8 to 12 ounces bourbon or vodka], title: Spoon Fudge, picturelink: xFZK95KntynCTuXEntsZSre0WqrCsH6}, 59333: {instructions: Place corn syrup and sugar into 3quart saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until sugar dissolves and mixture begins to boil. Remove from heat. Stir in peanut butter. Mix well. Add KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal. Stir until well coated. Press mixture into 13 x 9 x 2inch pan coated with cooking spray. Set aside.nMelt chocolate and butterscotch chips together in 1quart saucepan over low heat, stirring constantly. Spread evenly over cereal mixture. Let stand until firm. Cut into 2 x 1inch bars when cool.n OR  ., ingredients: [1 cup light corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup peanut butter, 6 cups RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 6 cups COCOA KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 1 package 6 oz., 1 cup semisweet chocolate morsels, 1 cup butterscotch chips], title: Chocolate Scotcheroos, picturelink: hDipGj4E6yxuyV9AUpQQ36e.AR24PfO}, 59334: {instructions: Combine 14 cup flour, the chopped thyme, paprika, garlic, 1 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper in a large bowl. Rub all over the turkey, then transfer to a 6quart slow cooker.nCombine the remaining 14 cup flour, the wine, tomato paste, Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon parsley and the bay leaves in a medium bowl. Scatter the carrots, celery, onion, potatoes and thyme sprigs over and around the turkey in the slow cooker. Pour in the wine mixture, then cover and cook on low, 7 hours.nTransfer the turkey to a cutting board. Skim off the fat from the gravy in the slow cooker and discard the bay leaves. Stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley and season with salt and pepper. Slice the turkey and serve with the vegetables and gravy.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, plus a few sprigs, 2 teaspoons paprika, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 4pound bonein turkey breast, 34 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 bay leaves, 4 carrots, cut into 1inch pieces, 4 stalks celery, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 small onion, halved and sliced, 2 small russet potatoes about 1 pound, thinly sliced], title: Turkey Pot Roast, picturelink: zH5iB80P6u.1OXc0bO.1sWtHSgeVwhS}, 59335: {instructions: Rinse the meat to remove any unwanted smells and pat dry with paper toweling. Season the meat with Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning and rub in well. Cover with plastic and let sit for 25 minutes. Cut the meat into 1inch cubes, then place the meat in a bowl and pour in 12 cup of the red wine reserving the other 12 cup, and let marinate for a minimum of 2 hours or overnight, if possible refrigerated.nWhisk together the remaining red wine, the Worcestershire sauce, and the olive oil to make a sauce.nPlace red bell peppers, yellow bell peppers and onions on skewer in this order: red pepper, beef, onion, beef, green pepper, beef, etc. With 3 pounds meat you will probably have around 48 cubes of beef, so you can put 3 or 4 beef cubes per skewer. Grill on all sides, brushing with sauce as it cooks. Let vegetables caramelize and lightly blacken beef, being careful not to burn., ingredients: [3 pounds London broil, 2 teaspoons Irvine Spices Smokey Rotisserie Seasoning, 1 cup red wine 12 cup for marinating and 12 cup for sauce, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 red bell peppers, stem and seeds removed and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 yellow bell peppers, stem and seeds removed and cut into 1inch pieces, 3 white onions, peeled and cut into 1inch wedges, 12 to 16 long wooden skewers, soaked in water for at least 25 minutes], title: Beef and Bell Peppers En Brochette, picturelink: null}, 59336: {instructions: Preheat the fryer to 350 degrees F.nWhisk together the brown sugar, ancho chili powder, cinnamon, cumin, salt and black pepper in a small bowl.nPreheat the grill, a grill pan or a nonstick saute pan over high heat. Brush both sides of the char with the oil and sprinkle with salt and black pepper. Rub one side of each fillet with some of the spice rub. Cook the char rubside down until golden brown and a crust has formed, about 3 minutes, and then flip and continue cooking to medium doneness, 3 to 4 minutes longer.nSlice the skin into 14inch strips, and then dredge in the rice flour. Fry until crispy, about 1 minute. Transfer to a papertowellined sheet tray and immediately sprinkle with salt.nPlate the fish rubside up, topped with the crispy skin. Serve some of the Salsa Vera Cruz alongside, and garnish with cilantro leaves and pumpkin seeds.nHeat a large saute pan over medium heat. Combine the tomatoes, olives, capers, oregano, thyme, garlic, jalapenos and red onions in a medium bowl. Add the canola oil to the pan, and cook the mixture 1 minute. Remove the pan from the heat and let sit 2 minutes. Transfer to a bowl and let cool to room temperature. Finish with the olive oil and season with salt and black pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for deepfrying, 14 cup light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Four 8ounce fillets arctic char, skin removed and reserved, Rice flour, for dredging, Cilantro leaves, for garnish, Toasted pumpkin seeds, for garnish, Salsa Vera Cruz, for serving, recipe follows, 12 pint grape tomatoes, 14 cup green olives, pitted and halved, 2 tablespoons capers, drained, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh thyme, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, 14 medium red onion, diced, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Chile Rubbed Grilled Arctic Char, picturelink: VRPYSZQGuV92gmy8DVSajSNlBH2KzJ.}, 59337: {instructions: Food Processor Method  Place the focaccia dough ingredients into a food processor with a dough blade attached. Turn on low setting until the dough ingredients combine and form a ball.nStand Mixer Method  Combine Focaccia Dough ingredients, except 2 12 cups flour, in mixing bowl with paddle or beaters for 4 minutes on medium speed. Using a dough hook, gradually add remaining flour and knead for 5 to 7 minutes until smooth and elastic.nPlace dough ball in a lightly oiled bowl and turn to oil top. Cover with plastic wrap for 30 minutes or until dough doubles in size. Dough is ready when you stick 2 fingers in it and the indentations remain. This is referred to as ripe.nPlace dough on a lightly oiled sheet pan and press down to fit the shape of the pan. With a fork, poke holes all over the dough.nIn a bowl, combine the 3 Oil Baste ingredients. NOTE: This can be made in advance. Brush this baste over top of dough and spread out the basil and garlic mixture. Sprinkle with sea salt.nPlace in a preheated 400 degrees F oven for 20 minutes andor the dough is brown on bottom. Remove  cool.nCut focaccia into 24 pieces. Spread each piece with the sun dried tomato spread. Place on each piece 1 teaspoon sliced pecans, 2 pieces of artichoke hearts, 2 black olive halves, 1 shrimp and place a cheese strip down the middle of the focaccia.nPlace the Seriously Sharp Shrimp Focaccia pieces under the broiler until cheese starts to melt.nRemove and serve., ingredients: [Focaccia Dough:, 4 cups King Arthur Unbleached AllPurpose Flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 14ounce package Red Star QuickRise Yeast, 1 12 cups warm water 120130 degrees, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Oil Baste:, 18 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil, 2 cloves minced garlic, 12 teaspoon sea salt, Toppings:, 1 cup sundried tomatoes, pureed, 1 cup sliced Georgia Pecans, 1 14ounce can small artichoke hearts, cut into quarters, 1 6ounce can pitted small black olives, drained and cut in half, 1 pound cooked shrimp 2125 size, shell and tail removed, 6 ounces Cabot Seriously Sharp Cheddar, cut into twentyfour 2inch strips], title: Cabot Seriously Sharp Shrimp Focaccia, picturelink: null}, 59338: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and 1 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the soy milk, coconut oil and vanilla in a second medium bowl dont worry if the coconut oil clumps. Add the soy milk mixture to the flour mixture and gently fold until just combined its OK if there are lumps.nHeat a nonstick griddle or large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Add 1 teaspoon of the vegetable oil. Once the pan is hot, add three 14cup mounds of batter, evenly spaced, and cook until the pancakes begin to bubble and are golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes. Carefully flip the pancakes and cook until the underside is golden brown and the pancakes are cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes adjust the heat as necessary for consistent browning. Repeat with the remaining vegetable oil and batter. Transfer the cooked pancakes to the oven to keep warm. Serve 2 per person with maple syrup, nut butter, jam or your favorite topping., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, Fine salt, 1 12 cups unsweetened plain soy milk, 13 cup virgin coconut oil, melted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 4 teaspoons vegetable oil, Maple syrup, nut butter or jam, for serving], title: Vegan Pancakes, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 59339: {instructions: In a large saucepan cook the onion in the peanut oil until well browned, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the garlic and gingerroot and cook for another minute. Add the tomato and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, for 8 to 10 minutes. Add the sugar and vinegar and cook for another 2 minutes. Transfer the tomato mixture to blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Return pureed mixture to the saucepan and stir in the lemongrass, basil, mint, lime and lemon juices and simmer until thickened. Serve warm, at room temperature or chilled., ingredients: [1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon peanut oil, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon grated fresh gingerroot, 4 ripe plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons finely chopped lemongrass, 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil, 1 tablespoon finely chopped mint, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice], title: Tomato Ginger Jam, picturelink: null}, 59340: {instructions: Combine the sugar, lime zest and 14 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring a few times until the sugar is dissolved. Chill completely before making the mojitos.nAdd the mint and 14 cup of the chilled lime syrup to a pitcher muddle with a wooden spoon to bruise the mint. Add the coconut water, lime juice, white rum and coconut rum and stir to combine. Refrigerate, covered, for at least 30 minutes to let the flavors meld.nFill four glasses with ice, then fill by threequarters with the rum mixture. Top off with lime club soda. Garnish with torn mint and serve., ingredients: [14 cup sugar, Zest of 2 limes, 14 cup packed fresh mint leaves, plus torn leaves for garnish, 1 12 cups coconut water, cold, 1 cup lime juice about 8 juicy limes, 12 cup white rum, 14 cup coconut rum, Bestquality lime club soda, cold], title: Lime and Coconut Mojitos, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 59341: {instructions: Cut 1 12 inches from the root end of the 2 endives and the radicchio head, and cut these root end pieces into 12inch chunks. You should have 3 about cups. Reserve the pointed endive leaf tips and the radicchio leaves for use later in the recipe. Combine the root end chunks with the shredded carrot and nuts in a bowl.nCombine the dressing ingredients in a small bowl, then add the dressing to the endive and radicchio pieces, carrots, and nuts. Toss well.nArrange the radicchio leaves attractively on four plates, and spoon the dressed mixture into the center of the leaves. Arrange the endive leaf tips so they stand, pointed tips up, next to one another all around the dressed salad. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 Belgian endives 10 ounces, washed, 1 small head radicchio 5 ounces, washed, 2 carrots 6 ounces, peeled and shredded 1 12 cups, 12 cup walnut pieces, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 3 tablespoons virgin olive oil], title: Endive, Radicchio and Walnut Salad, picturelink: null}, 59342: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nHeat the oil in a saute pan and fry the shallots until soft and translucent. Add the garlic and saute for 1 minute. Remove to a plate. In the same pan, fry the bacon until the fat has rendered and the lardons are crispy. Remove to the plate with the shallots. Divide the chard leaves from the ribs: chop the ribs quite small and shred the leaves. First, fry the ribs in the bacon fat until tender.nBeat the eggs together with the creme fraiche, and season with salt, and pepper.nIn a large bowl, toss the shallots, bacon, chard stems and leaves, cheese, raisins, and pine nuts, to combine evenly. Taste, and season. Fill the tart shell with the vegetable mixture, and pour over the cream mixture. Bake until the tart has set, about 30 minutes. Remove the tart from the oven, and cool. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [1 tablespoon oil, 2 shallots, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 4 ounces bacon, cut into lardons, 1 12 pounds Swiss chard, ribs removed, 3 eggs, 1 cup creme fraiche or heavy cream and sour cream combined, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces Gruyere cheese, grated, Handful raisins, Handful roasted pine nuts, 1 deep tart shell, prebaked in a 9inch springform pan or a frozen deep dish pie dough, thawed], title: Savoury Swiss Chard Tart, picturelink: null}, 59343: {instructions: Boil the goat in 3 cups of water. Add 1 teaspoon of the ginger and garlic paste, a pinch of salt and pepper and the bay leaves. Boil on high heat until the meat is tender, about 30 minutes. Do not over boil. Remove the goat and set aside for later. Strain the broth, removing the bay leaves.nIn a small pan, fry the onions in 2 tablespoons of the oil until soft. Remove from the heat and puree.nIn a medium pan, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Add the remaining ginger and garlic paste and saute on low heat. Add the goat along with 2 tablespoons of the onion puree, the tomatoes, 14 cup of the goat broth, the yogurt, red chili powder, coriander and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper. Mix the ingredients well on medium heat. Cook for 10 to 15 minutes. Cover and let simmer when the sauce has thickened. Add the butter and take off the heat. Sprinkle with green cardamom. Garnish with sliced ginger, cilantro leaves and green chiles., ingredients: [8 ounces goat bone in, cut into chunks, 2 tablespoons ginger and garlic paste, Salt and ground black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 1 large onion, diced, 4 tablespoons soybean oil, 3 tomatoes, diced, 2 tablespoons plain yogurt, 12 teaspoon red chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon butter, Crushed green cardamom, for sprinkling, Ginger, thinly sliced for garnish, Fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Green chiles, thinly sliced for garnish], title: Goat Karahi, picturelink: Eean6r5jHRs7TXva4L05RKPYPXtq3nS}, 59344: {instructions: Preheat a grill.nIn a frying pan, heat 2 inches of oil to 360 degrees F. Fry tortillas, 1 at a time, until crispy, about 2 minutes do not fold tortilla. Drain on paper towels and set aside.nBrush tuna lightly with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until seared on the outside, rare in the center 2 to 4 minutes depending on thickness and how hot grill is. Remove and let cool slightly. Slice tuna on an angle.nPlace a crisp tortilla on each plate. Top with a ladleful of black beans then with a layer of tuna. In a small bowl, combine watermelon, watercress, jalapeno, and radishes. Squeeze over juice of 1 lime and season with salt and pepper toss. Divide equally among tostadas, sprinkle with crumbled feta and place a lime wedge alongside. Serve.nIn a large pot, bring black beans to boil in water to cover by 2 inches. Add half the onion, the celery and the bay leaf. Reduce heat and simmer until beans are tender, 1 12 to 2 hours. Strain and reserve liquid.nIn same pot, heat olive oil and add bell pepper, remaining onion, garlic, green onions, basil, cilantro, soy sauce, lemon juice, cumin, cardamom, salt, and pepper. When vegetables are tender, add the beans and the reserved cooking liquid and simmer until reduced by half. Beans can be prepared up to 2 days ahead and refrigerated. To use, ladle out amount desired and heat until warmed through., ingredients: [Vegetable oil or peanut oil, 6 corn tortillas, 6 4ounce pieces topquality ahi tuna, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 cups Vegetarian Black Beans, recipe follows, or regular black beans, heated, 1 cup seeded, diced watermelon, 1 cup watercress, 1 jalapeno, julienned, 4 radishes, julienned, 1 lime, juiced, plus 6 lime wedges, 6 ounces feta, crumbled, 1 pound black beans, soaked in cold water over night and drained, 1 small red onion, diced, 1 stick celery, diced, 1 bay leaf, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 8 to 10 fresh basil leaves, 13 bunch cilantro, chopped, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Tuna Tostada with Watermelon Slaw, picturelink: null}, 59345: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9inch square baking pan and line it with parchment paper, leaving a 2inch overhang on two sides. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt. In a medium bowl, beat the butter and the brown sugar with an electric mixture on medium speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Beat in the egg. Spread about twothirds of the batter evenly over the bottom of the prepared pan with an offset spatula. Bake the bottom crust until it is golden brown, 24 to 26 minutes. Mix the remaining batter with the oats and set aside.nMeanwhile, in a medium saucepan, combine the apples, raspberries and sugar and cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture is bubbling and the fruit has broken down, 5 to 6 minutes. In a small bowl, mix about 3 tablespoons of the fruit mixture with the cornstarch until smooth. Add the cornstarch mixture to the fruit and simmer for another 2 to 3 minutes. Remove the jam from the heat and let cool slightly.nTop the bottom crust with the fruit and spread it out evenly. Top the fruit with the oat crumb mixture, squeezing it to make some larger clumps. Bake until the top is golden brown, 28 to 32 minutes. Transfer the pan to a rack to cool completely. Using the parchment, lift out the entire bar mixture and place it on a cutting board. Cut into squares., ingredients: [4 small apples, peeled, cored and chopped about 2 12 cups, 2 cups frozen raspberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup packed lightbrown or darkbrown sugar, 1 large egg, 12 cup oldfashioned rolled oats], title: AppleRaspberry Crumb Bars, picturelink: 259jI4V2fEHQbV4EhZxTIqn7bds5NS}, 59346: {instructions: Combine all ingredients except the tenderloin and grind in a spice grinder. Cover the tenderloin with the rub and marinate for 30 minutes.nPreheat grill or broiler to high. Grill the pork until an inserted thermometer reads 140 degrees F, about 15 to 18 minutes. Let roast rest for 5 minutes before slicing., ingredients: [1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon coriander seed, 1 tablespoon cumin seed, 1 tablespoon fennel seed, 1 tablespoon mustard seed, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons Spanish paprika, 12 tablespoon black pepper, 2 bay leaves, 1 1 12 pound pork tenderloin], title: Grilled Pork Tenderloin with a Basic Dry Rub, picturelink: null}, 59347: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan and pour in enough cold water to cover them by a couple of inches. Toss in a handful of salt. Bring the water to a boil and cook until the potatoes are tender when poked with a knife, about 25 minutes.nDrain the potatoes and return to the pan. Add the cream and butter and let the whole pot sit over very low heat until warmed through.nAdd chives and basil to the pot with the potatoes and mash the potatoes coarsely. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 pounds redskinned new potatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, A small handful chopped fresh chives about 3 tablespoons, A small handful roughly chopped basil leaves about 2 12 tablespoons], title: Basil Chive Red Potato Mash, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 59348: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the olive oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute the mushrooms, stirring, until golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Reduce heat to moderate and add garlic, stirring, until lightly browned. Stir in the parsley and season to taste with salt and pepper. Remove skillet from heat.nIn a heavy saucepan heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and saute the couscous, stirring to coat, about 1 minute. Stir in 1 cup simmering stock and tumeric. Bring to a boil, remove pan from heat and cover. Let stand for 5 minutes. Uncover and gently fluff the couscous with a fork. Cover and keep warm. In a large bowl combine quinoa with enough cold water to cover by several inches. Stir quinoa to rinse and drain in a fine sieve. Rinse quinoa again under running cold water and drain well.nIn a large heavy pot heat 1 tablespoon olive oil over moderately high heat and saute scallions until wilted but not browned. Stir in the rinsed quinoa and cook, stirring, until hot about 1 to 2 minutes. Add 1 cup of simmering stock, stirring, until absorbed, about 5 minutes. Add another cup of simmering stock, stirring, until liquid is almost completely absorbed, about 10 minutes.nAdd the mushrooms, couscous, remaining 1 cup of simmering stock, and peas and cook, stirring until almost all liquid is absorbed. Risotto should be moist and creamy, if it is too dry add boiling water in 14 cup increments until desired texture is achieved. Season with salt and pepper.nServe immediately and garnish with parsley leaves and grated Parmesan., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound white mushrooms, or a combination of white mushrooms and Shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Salt  freshly ground pepper, to taste, 1 cup couscous, 4 cups lowsodium chicken stock or vegetable stock,simmering and covered, 12 teaspoon ground tumeric, 1 cup quinoa available at natural food stores or in the speciality food section in a supermarket, 1 cup finely chopped scallions, 2 cups frozen petite peas, Fresh parsley leaves for garnish, Freshly grated Parmesan, to taste], title: Mushroom and Pea Quinoa Risotto, picturelink: null}, 59349: {instructions: Put the potatoes in a large saucepan and cover them generously with cold water. Bring to a boil over medium heat and cook until the potatoes are tender but still a bit firm when pierced with a thin knife, 30 to 35 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let cool slightly.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Generously butter a large baking dish.nAs soon as the potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel them, let cool to room temperature, and then cut them into 14inch rounds.nLayer the potato slices in the baking dish, slightly overlapping them. The potatoes can be prepared ahead to this point, tightly covered, and refrigerated. Mix the nutmeg with the milk and pour over the potatoes. Season lightly with salt. Sprinkle generously with Parmigiano and dot with the butter.nPlace the baking dish on the middle rack of the oven and bake until the cheese is melted and the potatoes are light golden on top, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for a few minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [6 large boiling potatoes 5 to 5 12 pounds, Small pinch of freshly grated nutmeg, 34 cup milk, Salt to taste, 12 cup freshly grated ParmigianoReggiano, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Potatoes Baked with Parmigiano, picturelink: null}, 59350: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy 9 12inchdiameter skillet over medium heat. Add the potato, onion, and garlic. Season the potato mixture with salt and pepper, to taste. Saute over mediumlow heat until the potato is golden and crisp on the outside, tender inside, about 7 to 10 minutes.nPreheat the broiler. Whisk the eggs, cream, Parmesan, prosciutto, and basil in a medium bowl to blend. Stir the egg mixture into the potato mixture in the skillet. Cook over mediumlow heat until the egg mixture is almost set but the top is still loose, about 3 minutes. Place the skillet under the broiler. Broil until the top is set and golden brown, about 4 minutes. Using a rubber spatula, loosen the frittata from skillet and slide the frittata onto a cutting board. Cut the frittata into 12 wedges.nSplit open each bread piece. Toast the bread on a grill pan until golden. You can also broil the bread cut side up until golden, about 1 to 2 minutes, keeping a careful watch on the bread since they can easily burn. Butter the cut sides of the toasted bread. Arrange a frittata wedge on each bottom piece of bread. Cover with the bread tops and serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 7ounce potato, peeled, cut into 14inch cubes, 12 onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large eggs, 14 cup heavy cream, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 ounces sliced prosciutto, coarsely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 baguette, cut into 8 pieces, 14 cup unsalted butter], title: Frittata with Potato and Prosciutto, picturelink: T7O49WJTAHSARuxEh.JveqH2pGClMva}, 59351: {instructions: In a heavy saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. As soon as the butter is melted, add the brown sugar and cook until bubbly, stirring occasionally. Reduce the heat and whisk in the heavy cream. Once the cream is incorporated, bring back to medium heat and cook for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla, apple cider vinegar, cayenne pepper and salt. Mix well, making sure there are no lumps., ingredients: [8 ounces butter, 4 cups light brown sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, 3 tablespoons vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Hot Mama Butterscotch, picturelink: iKIDLGJzHzQjw4NIbbEBzQrQqzmgUdu}, 59352: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12cup muffin tin with paper liners and spray the liners with nonstick cooking spray.nFor the cake: Whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. Whisk together the almond milk, brown sugar, oil and vanilla in another medium bowl. Add the almond milk mixture to the flour mixture and gently fold until just combined its OK if there are lumps. Divide the batter evenly among the prepared liners.nBake the cupcakes until they are golden brown and bounce back when pressed and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 20 to 22 minutes. Let cool in the pan for a few minutes, then transfer to a rack to cool completely.nFor the frosting: Beat the margarine on mediumhigh in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer until smooth, about 1 minute. Add the confectioners sugar, almond milk and vanilla and beat on low until the frosting comes together and is smooth, about 1 minute.nFrost and decorate the cupcakes as desired., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 cups unsweetened vanilla almond milk refrigerated, not shelf stable, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 12 cup vegan margarine, 3 cups confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons unsweetened vanilla almond milk, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Vegan Vanilla Cupcakes, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 59353: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.nIn a heavy 1 12gallon stock pot, heat the chicken stock. Add thyme, salt, and pepper.nIn a food processor, puree raw potatoes and onions. Add to stock. Simmer slowly for 1 12 to 2 hours. Add whipping cream and diced baked potatoes. If soup becomes too thick, thin with water.nTo serve, ladle 8 ounces of hot soup into an oven proof serving bowl or slow cooker. Top with 2 to 3 ounces of shredded cheddar cheese. Place under the broiler for 4 to 6 minutes or until cheese is melted.nPlace on plate. Top with 1 tablespoon sour cream, 1 tablespoon diced scallions, and 1tablespoon bacon, and serve., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock, 5 sprigs thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pounds baking potatoes, like russets, 12 pound yellow onions, 1 cup whipping cream, 1 baked potato, 12 ounces Cheddar, shredded, 4 tablespoons sour cream, for garnish, 4 tablespoons scallions, for garnish, 4 tablespoons bacon, cooked and crumbled, for garnish], title: Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 59354: {instructions: For the meatloaf:nPreheat the oven to 370 degrees F.nCombine the ground chuck, Italian sausage, mozzarella cheese, bread crumbs, sundried tomatoes, yellow onion, minced garlic, oregano, basil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, eggs, tomato sauce, and red wine in a large bowl and mix well.nGrease individual cupcake foil containers or cupcake pan or can be made in one large loaf pan. Divide the raw mixture evenly among the containers.nBake for 30 minutes, cool and remove from mold.nWhen ready to eat or serve, reheat until the internal temperature of the meatloaf reaches 165 degrees F.nTo make topping:nMix the cooked, drained, and cooled pasta with the marinara sauce of your choice. Portion the pasta into 12 cup servings for the meatloaf cupcakes. Place on tops of cooled meatloaf and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and dried Italian spices, to taste., ingredients: [1 pound ground chuck beef, 8 ounces Italian sausage hot or sweet, casing removed, 8 ounces grated mozzarella cheese, 1 14 cups Italian bread crumbs, 12 cup finely chopped sundried tomatoes, 14 cup finely diced yellow onion, 4 to 5 cloves garlic, minced 1 12 tablespoons, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 2 teaspoons dried basil, Coarse sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 4 ounces 12 cup tomato sauce, 2 ounces 14 cup dry red wine, 10 ounces capellini pasta, cooked and drained, 2 cups of your favorite marinara sauce, Parmesan cheese, as needed, Dried Italian spices, as needed], title: LoafARoma, picturelink: null}, 59355: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 frill picksnIn mixing bowl add the ground lamb, minced garlic, Culhanes Spice Blend, oregano, red onion and mustard. Mix the ingredients together gently. Do not overwork the meat or it will become tough. Form the mixture into mini burgers, approximately 2 12 ounces each, and put on a pan lined with waxed paper or parchment paper. Refrigerate for 5 minutes.nToast the buns in a large nonstick saute pan, griddle or cast iron pan over low heat. Remove the rolls to a platter. Add the oil to the pan, and when the oil is hot add the lamb burgers. The burgers must caramelize the fats, so do not flip or move them around in the pan. Let fry for about 3 to 5 minutes each side, depending on your desired doneness.nTo assemble: Put the roll bottoms down first, then add a dollop of Curry Aioli. Top each roll with lettuce, tomato, lamb burger, shaved red onion. Add a dollop of Curry Aioli to the roll top and cover the burger. Secure the roll with a frill pick skewered with an olive on topnCombine the onion powder, garlic powder, granulated garlic, black pepper, white pepper, kosher salt, allspice, mustard, basil, red pepper flakes and marjoram in a small bowl.nAdd the lemon juice to a blender or mixing bowl, then add all the remaining ingredients. Blend together until the mixture becomes light yellow and fully mixed. Pour into a bowl, then cover and refrigerate to firm up and allow the flavors develop, about 15 minutes. Serve with lamb burger sliders or any other sandwich, ingredients: [2 pounds good quality ground lamb, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons Culhanes Spice Blend, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano leaves, 3 tablespoons minced red onion, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard recommended: Pommeray, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil or other oil, 8 silver dollar onion rolls, halved, 1 Roma tomatoes, each cut into 4 pieces, 8 washed baby red oak leaves, from1 head, 1 red onion, shaved in slices, Curry Aioli, recipe follows, 8 frill picks, 8 large pimento olives, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon roasted granulated garlic, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, such as Colemans, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon dried marjoram, 2 ounces lemon juice, 2 cups mayonnaise, good quality, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic pepper, 1 tablespoon curry powder, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard recommended: Pommerey, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 teaspoons turmeric], title: Lamb Burger Sliders, picturelink: null}, 59356: {instructions: Toppings: Guacamole, sprouts and shredded Monterey jacknHow to Make Classic Potato Skins:nPierce 4 large russet potatoes with a fork. Bake directly on the oven rack at 350 degrees until tender, about 1 hour. Let cool, then quarter lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inch shell. Brush both sides with melted butter and season with salt and pepper. Bake, skinside up, at 450 degrees until crisp, about 15 minutes. Add your favorite team toppings. For cheesy skins, flip the baked shells over before topping, sprinkle with 1 cup grated cheddar cheese and bake an extra 5 minutes.nPhotograph by Karl JuengelStudio D, ingredients: [], title: California Fresh Potato Skins, picturelink: IkxiBxpFrNZJNcUf1MBQGH5F8OqMsy}, 59357: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the eggs, sugar, cinnamon, vanilla and nutmeg, and whisk to blend. Whisk in the heavy cream and milk.nIn another medium mixing bowl, combine the cubed bread, cranberries and walnuts. Pour the egg mixture onto the bread mixture, and mix all together. Sprinkle with brown sugar over the top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a muffin tin with the butter.nSpoon the soaked bread evenly into the muffin tins, then place the tin on a baking sheet. Bake until the center springs back to the touch, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for about 5 minutes, then serve., ingredients: [5 eggs, 1 cup brown sugar, plus more for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 1 tablespoon grated nutmeg, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 cup milk, 8 cups 1inch cubes bread, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup walnuts or pecans, Butter, for greasing], title: Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 59358: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the cabbage, grapes and green onions. In another bowl whisk together the oil, vinegar, one tablespoon of hoisin sauce, ginger, sesame oil and salt and pepper.nIn a skillet over medium high heat, saute the duck meat just until it is hot, about 2 minutes. Add the hoisin dressing and stir together. Heat until bubbling, about 1 minute. Pour the duck and dressing into the cabbage, grapes and greens, then toss gently to mix. Arrange on a warm serving plate and serve immediately with hoisin sauce and warmed pancakes.nTo serve, spread a spoonful of hoisin sauce on a pancake and fill with duck mixture. Wrap it up and eat out of hand.nNote: Substitute thin flour tortillas or Napa cabbage leaves if desired.nNutritional analysis per serving: Calories 299 Protein 13.5 g Carbohydrate 26 g Fat 16 g Saturated Fat 3.3 g 47 Calories from Fat Cholesterol 42 mg Sodium 521mgnFiber 1.6g., ingredients: [13 cup additional hoisin sauce for serving, 12 a roasted duck, skin and bones removed, meat sliced or shredded. about 2 cups, 3 cups sliced napa cabbage, 1 cup red and green California seedless grapes, halved, 12 cup thinly sliced green onions, Hoisin Dressing:, 14 cup vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons unseasoned rice vinegar or substitute white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, To taste salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 mu shu pancakeswrappers, warmed], title: ChineseStyle Duck with Grapes and Cabbage, picturelink: 26eF91k0CbNL3oBrLg0DW0YQC7DNKsW}, 59359: {instructions: Combine the lima beans and garlic, with broth or water to cover and simmer, covered, over low heat, for 15 minutes or until really tender add more liquid if it is evaporating too quickly.nPuree lima beans in a food processor with grated orange rind and butter. For a finer puree, pass the lima beans through a sieve or food mill to remove skins season to taste with salt and pepper.nCan be made in advance and reheated in microwave oven or double boiler., ingredients: [10ounce package frozen lima beans, 12 teaspoon minced garlic, 12 teaspoon grated orange rind, 2 to 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, Water or broth to cover, Salt and pepper], title: Lima Bean Puree, picturelink: null}, 59360: {instructions: In a white wine glass or coupe, combine the prosecco, club soda and rose water. Garnish with a rose petal., ingredients: [12 cup prosecco, chilled, 14 cup club soda, chilled, 1 teaspoon rose water, 1 rose petal, for garnish], title: Rosy Prosecco Spritzer, picturelink: null}, 59361: {instructions: Place the Romaine leaves in a large bowl. Add the croutons and Queso Anejo, then drizzle with dressing. Toss lightly to combine. Serve on salad plates topped with anchovies.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Place the bread cubes in a bowl and toss with the olive oil until well coated. Sprinkle in chile powder, salt and pepper and toss again. Place on a baking sheet and bake until lightly browned, about 7 minutes.nPlace all the ingredients, except the olive oil and vinegar, in a blender or food processor. Process until coarsely blended. Transfer to a medium bowl. Slowly whisk in the oil, then the vinegar. Add a little water if the dressing is too thick., ingredients: [4 cups sweet curly Romaine leaves, washed, dried and torn into large pieces, 12 cup Smoky Caesar Dressing recipe below, Spicy croutons recipe below, 14 cup Queso Anejo cheese, 8 anchovy fillets, 8 slices French or Italian bread, cut into 34 inch cubes, 14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons Too Hot Tamales chile powder refer to recipe, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 canned Chipotles, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Few drops hot sauce, Juice of one lemon, 1 teaspoon capers, 10 anchovy fillets, 8 garlic cloves, cooked slowly in olive oil until soft, 112 cups olive oil, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar], title: Smoky Caesar Salad with Chile Croutons, picturelink: null}, 59362: {instructions: Arrange the wedges on a serving platter. Combine the mayonnaise with ketchup and relish, grate in about 3 tablespoons onion and juice, season with salt and pepper. Pour the thick dressing over the wedges and garnish with chopped dill, serve., ingredients: [1 large head iceberg lettuce cut into 6 wedges, 23 cup mayonnaise, 13 cup ketchup, 14 cup dill pickle relish, 12 small onion, peeled, Salt and pepper, A handful fresh dill, chopped, for garnish], title: Iceberg Lettuce with Russian Dressing, picturelink: MVwHmOiLfTJnztIavHxb80adpPXdia}, 59363: {instructions: Put the dried mushrooms in a pot and cover with a couple of cups of water, bring to a boil over medium heat, then reduce heat and simmer until the mushrooms soften.nMeanwhile, in a Dutch oven heat the extravirgin olive oil, 4 turns of the pan, over medium high heat. Add the sliced mushrooms and cook, stirring occasionally, until dark and tender, 12 to 15 minutes. Add the thyme, chile, garlic, peppers and onions and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cook for 8 to 10 minutes, then add the wine and stir. Remove the reconstituted mushrooms from the liquid, chop and then add them to the sauce pot. Pour in all but last few spoonfuls of the mushroom liquid stock into sauce pot, the grit will settle at the bottom of the pan. Stir in the tomatoes, breaking them up with spoon then add the basil leaves and simmer the sauce 20 minutes. Cool and store for a makeahead meal and reheat over medium flame, stirring occasionally.nBoil large pot of water to a boil over medium heat. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain the pasta and return it to the hot pot. Add the bitter and stir to melt. Pour in half of the sauce and toss. Serve in shallow bowls with more mushroom cacciatore on top. Garnish with lots of grated Romano., ingredients: [A handful dried porcinis or a small pouch dried mushroom mix, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 portobello mushroom caps, gills scraped, sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 red chile pepper, thinly sliced, 4 large peeled and very thinly sliced garlic cloves, 2 Cubanelle peppers, seeded and very thinly sliced, 1 medium red or yellow onion, quartered and thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup dry white wine, 1 28ounce can San Marzano tomatoes, A few leaves basil, torn, 1 pound penne or rigatoni or wholewheat penne or rigatoni with lines, 2 tablespoons butter, Grated Pecorino Romano, for topping and passing at table], title: PortobelloPorcini Cacciatore, picturelink: null}, 59364: {instructions: Reserve 4 of the best strawberries for garnish and roughly chop remaining berries. Set them in annonreactive saucepan, and add sugar and water. Cover and bring to a simmer. When the strawberries begin to release their juices, add the red wine dissolved with cornstarch and simmer for 10 minutes in all.nPuree the berries through a food mill or processor and chill for dessert. Before serving, taste add more wine and sugar if necessary. Slice the reserved berries into fan like shapes. Spoon the soup into chilled shallow bowls and top with whipped cream center strawberry garnish over cream and enjoy., ingredients: [2 pints strawberries, washed and hulled, 14 cup sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup red wine mixed with teaspoon cornstarch, Whipped cream, optional], title: Strawberry Soup, picturelink: null}, 59365: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPut pecans in prebaked pie shell. In a large bowl whisk the remaining ingredients together until smooth. Pour the custard mixture over the nuts and bake the pie until the filling puffs and rises above the edges of the pie shell, about 30 minutes. Carefully remove the pie from oven and let it cool completely before serving. Drizzle the pie with Cinnamon Pecan Caramel and serve.nMix all the ingredients together in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook until the sugar dissolves and the mixture is smooth., ingredients: [1 14 cups pecan pieces, 1 10inch pie crust, prebaked, 1 cup light corn syrup, 12 cup brown sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 6 teaspoons unsalted butter, melted, Cinnamon Pecan Caramel, for serving, recipe follows, 2 cups brown sugar, 4 tablespoons butter, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup chopped pecans], title: Loveless Pecan Pie, picturelink: EbZH0OBDuB5BWuOtjCGI5rFZSZnutG}, 59366: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFirst, pour the yogurt into a bowl. Then add the cream and vanilla. With a whisk, carefully stir until combined. It should be nice and thick.nSprinkle the brown sugar evenly over the top of the yogurt mixture. Do not stir the mixture. Cover the bowl with foil or plastic wrap and tightly seal the edges. Place in the refrigerator for at least 20 to 30 minutes.nWhen you are ready to serve, place a small handful of berries or other fruit into a bowl or cup. Without stirring the mixture, spoon the yogurt over the berries. There will be creamy areas and brown sugar areas. Repeat the layers once, ending with berries on top., ingredients: [One 17 12ounce container plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup brown sugar, Assorted berries or other fruit of your choice], title: Best Yogurt Parfait Ever, picturelink: D9vWzCvTY0ihUnoD8Ld1UuD7GvljRBO}, 59367: {instructions: In a large sauce pot with boiling salt water, blanch romaine leaves for 5 seconds and place in ice water bath. Remove and dry off surface. Layer 1 slice of mozzarella, 1 basil leaf, and toss in some pine nuts. Roll up and wrap in prosciutto. Repeat process with rest of leaves.nMarinate in olive oil and cracked black pepper. Reserve for grill. Grill lightly until cheese is soft and serve., ingredients: [8 large outside Romaine leaves, 8 slices fresh mozzarella, cut 14inch thick, 8 large basil leaves, 14 cup toasted pine nuts, 8 thin slices prosciutto, Olive oil, Cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Bacara Ranch Romaine Leaves with Prosciutto, Pine Nuts and Basil, picturelink: VuD6c68KNdgahb8OchdHGV9fzZycG}, 59368: {instructions: Whisk the eggs together until smooth and season with salt and pepper. Melt 14 cup butter in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat until it begins to shimmer. Add the eggs and slowly cook over low heat until soft mounds have just formed. Stir in about threequarters of the salmon and all of the green onions. Give the mixture one last fold and then remove from the heat. Spoon the mixture onto a serving platter and garnish with the remaining salmon.nStir together the goat cheese, remaining butter and the honey, and season with salt and pepper. Spread over the warm toast and serve with the eggs, or spoon the eggs on top of the toast., ingredients: [8 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup unsalted butter, room temperature 12 tablespoons, 8 ounces smoked wild salmon, flaked, 2 large green onions, halved lengthwise and finely sliced, 5 ounces creamy Pacific Northwest soft goat cheese, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 loaf 12grain bread, sliced 12inch thick slices, toasted], title: Smoked Salmon and Scallion Scramble with Whole Grain Toast with Goat Cheese Butter, picturelink: 0nRezYRcstX5oRayhPR4xmCupD94wZe}, 59369: {instructions: First, peel and thinly slice the carrots. Peel the potatoes and cut them into a 12inch dice. In a large saucepan place the broth, carrots, and potatoes. Bring to a boil over medium heat, and then reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Then add the beans, spinach, and pasta to the soup. Bring the soup back to a boil, cover and simmer over medium heat until the pasta is cooked, about 10 minutes. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and remove from heat. Add the cheese, stirring until it is softened. Ladle into bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 carrots, 2 mediumsize boiling potatoes, 8 cups chicken, beef, or vegetable broth or water, 1 cup canned cannellini beans, drained and rinsed, 1 package 10 ounces frozen chopped spinach, thawed, 1 cup elbow macaroni, small shells, or orzo, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 to 13 cup grated Parmesan or Romano cheese], title: Micheles Minestrone, picturelink: null}, 59370: {instructions: For the frosting: With an electric mixer, beat the heavy cream, sugar and vanilla on mediumhigh speed until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the cake: Cut off the ends of the watermelon, leaving the middle section remove the rind. Pat the outside of the watermelon dry with paper towels. Set the cake on a serving plate.nCover the watermelon cake with the frosting. Press the almonds into the sides of the cake. Top with the strawberry slices. Cut into 6 to 8 wedges and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup heavy whipping cream, cold, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large seedless watermelon, 12 cup toasted almonds, sliced, 8 ounces fresh strawberries, sliced], title: Watermelon Cake, picturelink: iADJqvyaTpgd.uExJf4hNq0MgZbZYm}, 59371: {instructions: In a non reactive bowl, combine marinade ingredients. Add shrimp, toss to coat, cover and refrigerate for 1 hour. Heat the 14 cup olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the shrimp and saute, stirring and shaking the pan to prevent sticking, until cooked, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and transfer shrimp to a large bowl to cool. When cool, chop shrimp coarsely.nAdd tomato, green onions, lime juice, cilantro and salt to shrimp and toss to mix.nPreheat the broiler. Spread tortilla chips out in an oven proof platter. Spoon the black beans over the chips and sprinkle with cheese. Place under the broiler until cheese melts, about 5 minutes.nTo serve, top with shrimp salsa., ingredients: [12 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon minced, fresh ginger, 2 garlic cloves, thinly slices, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro, Pinch red pepper flakes, 1 pound large shrimp, shelled and deveined, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tomato, seeded and diced, 3 green onions, finely chopped, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon finely chopped cilantro, Coarse salt, 8 ounces tortilla chips, 3 cups refried black beans, 1 cup grated anejo cheese], title: Nachos with Shrimp Salsa, picturelink: null}, 59372: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat a skillet over high heat. Dredge scallops in spices and saute on both sides. Finish the cooking in the oven, for about 4 or 5 minutes.nIt is also wise to have all your windows open, and all your smoke alarms disconnected, considering the amount of smoke that this wonderful dish produces.nMix well. Store in glass or plastic container with lid., ingredients: [20 ounces sea scallops, Cajun spice mix, recipe follows, 14 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup cayenne powder, 14 cup paprika, 14 cup garlic granules, 14 cup black pepper, 2 tablespoons onion granules, 2 tablespoons dried oregano, 2 tablespoons dried thyme], title: Blackened Sea Scallops, picturelink: null}, 59373: {instructions: Position a rack in the top third of the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with parchment paper.nToss the panko, Parmesan, parsley, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon black pepper together in a small bowl. Arrange the tomatoes in the center of the prepared baking sheet, cutside up trim a small slice from the bottom of each tomato if they will not stand upright and spoon the panko mixture evenly over each. Spray the breadcrumbs lightly with cooking spray. Lay the zucchini halves cutside up on one side of the tomatoes. Drizzle zucchini with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until the vegetables begin to soften and the panko topping begins to brown, about 18 minutes.nRemove the baking sheet from the oven and place the salmon fillet on the other side of the tomatoes. Drizzle the salmon with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Roast until the zucchini and tomatoes are completely tender and browned in spots, and the salmon is cooked through but moist, about 12 minutes more. Divide salmon and vegetables between two plates and serve., ingredients: [14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 14 cup parsley leaves, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 large plum tomatoes, halved crosswise, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 medium zucchini, halved lengthwise, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, One 12ounce centercut salmon fillet, skin removed about 1 12 inches thick], title: Salmon and Zucchini SheetPan Dinner, picturelink: 9yFf54bpRptoy8vS9S3oiTD8vDN6Huq}, 59374: {instructions: Whisk the mayonnaise, sesame oil, and seasoned rice vinegar together in bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to serve. Mix the panko, egg, soy sauce, mustard, and garlic powder together in a medium bowl. Add the pork, sugar, salt, and the ground black pepper. Mix until evenly combined. Gently form the mixture into 16 golf ballsized balls, then press each ball into a 12inch thick patty. Heat a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and add about half of the oil. Cook the patties, in batches, until cooked through and golden brown, about 3 minutes a side. Tuck the patties into the rolls and top with the reserved sesame mayonnaise and lettuce. Serve., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil, 2 teaspoons seasoned rice vinegar or mirin, 14 cup panko bread crumbs, 1 large egg, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 teaspoons mustard powder, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 pound ground pork, Pinch sugar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup vegetable oil, 16 small potato rolls, split, 1 head Bibb lettuce, torn into pieces], title: Asian Pork Sliders with Toasted Sesame Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 59375: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nOn a baking sheet lined with aluminum foil for easy cleanup, toss eggplant, zucchini, garlic, and onion with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast vegetables for about 30 to 40 minutes until tender, being sure to monitor so they dont burn. Remove from oven and let cool to room temperature.nWhile the vegetables are in the oven, make the chutney. Heat the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat in a small saucepan until it begins to shimmer. Add the shallot and saute until it begins to turn translucent, being careful not to burn it. Add the orange juice, balsamic vinegar, mango, and parsley, and allow the liquid to reduce by 23. Season with salt and pepper, stir in slurry to thicken and let cook for about 2 minutes, then remove from heat.nAdd the garbanzo beans, garlic, crushed red pepper, lemon juice, tahini, and olive oil to a food processor. Pulse to combine and coarsely chop.nHeat grapeseed oil over medium heat in a skillet and sear the tofu cubes. Set aside until needed.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIf phyllo was defrosted, make sure it is completely defrosted before handling it. Once removed from package, you will need to cover phyllo with waxed paper and a damp towel to prevent it from drying out. Working with 1 sheet at a time, lay out a dough sheet on a baking sheet and brush on butter, and lay another sheet on top and brush with butter. Fold in half, brush on butter again and fold in half again so you have a thickness of 8 layers. Spread 1 tablespoon hummus on phyllo and top with 14 cup of the roasted vegetable mixture and 1 tablespoon diced tofu. Fold in corners of phyllo dough to the center and brush with egg wash. Repeat to make 4 phyllo purses. Place on a baking sheet and bake in oven until golden brown, about 30 minutes.nRemove from oven and serve hot with mango chutney on the side., ingredients: [2 baby eggplants, cut into 12inch dice and tossed with lemon juice to prevent oxidation, 2 small zucchini, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, 3 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and minced, 1 large red onion, minced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 1 shallot, minced, 1 cup orange juice, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 mango, peeled, sliced away from the pit and cut into 14inch dice, 1 teaspoon minced fresh parsley leaves, Dash salt, 1 pinch ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon cornstarch made into a slurry with 1 teaspoon water, 1 16ounce can garbanzo beans, drained, 2 garlic cloves, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade and quartered, 12 teaspoon crushed red pepper, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon tahini, 2 tablespoons olive oil, preferably extravirgin, Grapeseed oil, 4 tablespoons 14inch cubes hard and firm tofu, 16 sheets phyllo dough based on 18 by 14inch sheets which are often sold in packs of 18 to 20 for thickness number 4, 1 cup melted butter, 1 or 2 eggs, lightly beaten, for egg wash, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Vegetarian Phyllo Purses, picturelink: null}, 59376: {instructions: For the coconut rice pudding: Preheat oven in to 350 degrees F Place the coconut in a thin layer on a baking sheet. Bake for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently, until lightly browned. Spray 4quart slow cooker with butter flavored cooking spray set aside. In a bowl whisk together coconut milk, condensed milk, milk, eggs, and ginger. Stir in rice and toasted coconut. Pour into prepared slow cooker. Cover and cook on LOW for 3 to 4 hours. Serve in martini glasses or bowls, top with cherry sauce.nFor the cherry sauce: In a small saucepot over medium heat combine all ingredients, mix until combined and heat to a simmer. Remove from heat and serve over rice pudding., ingredients: [1 cup shredded coconut, toasted recommended: Bakers, 1 14ounce can coconut milk, 1 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 4 cups milk, 4 eggs, 2 teaspoons chopped ginger, 1 12 cups jasmine rice, 12 teaspoon salt, Fresh mint, for garnish, 1 cup frozen cherries, 1 12ounce jar cherry preserves, 1 lemon, zested], title: Toasted Coconut Rice Pudding with Cherry Sauce, picturelink: hK45Vj4LrUjQnyMEOkgHhpoYZ79Li}, 59377: {instructions: Place beef strips into bowl and combine with garlic, ginger, red pepper flakes and white cracked pepper no salt. Marinate for 30 minutes.nCook pappadelle until al dente. Remove and toss with oil to avoid sticking.nIn a hot wok add 1 tablespoon sesame oil and beef, reserving marinade. Quickly saute for 45 seconds. Remove with slotted spoon and reserve.nAdd bok choy to wok and toss for 30 seconds, adding a touch of salt. Remove with slotted spoon and add marinade to wok with pappadelle. Toss this mixture together, then add beef, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, bok choy and chopped peanuts. Finish with 1 to 2 tablespoons butter for richness. Arrange fresh peashoots on plate and top with pappadelle mixture, twisting for height., ingredients: [8 ounces lean beef, cut into thin strips approximately 3 to 4 inches long, 1 pound pappadelle, 1 bunch peashoots or snowpeas, 2 tablespoons fresh grated ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 12 tablespoon red pepper flakes, White pepper and salt to taste, 1 to 2 heads bok choy, rinsed and chiffonade 12inch, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 14 cup chopped peanuts, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Pappadelle with Ginger Beef and Bok Choy, picturelink: null}, 59378: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large 10 to 12inch saute pan, cook the butter and onions over mediumlow heat for 12 to 15 minutes, until the onions are lightly browned. Dont rush this step it makes all the difference when the onions are wellcooked.nSprinkle the flour into the pan, whisk in, then add the salt and pepper. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the hot chicken stock mixture and Cognac, and cook uncovered for 4 to 5 minutes until thickened. Add the wine and cream, if desired. Season, to taste, and serve., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 cups chopped yellow onion 2 onions, 14 cup flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Defatted turkey drippings plus chicken stock to make 2 cups, heated, 1 tablespoon Cognac or brandy, 1 tablespoon white wine, optional, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, optional], title: Homemade Gravy, picturelink: KsYJOe3voy4EloURAsT0IL5npyCzB2a}, 59379: {instructions: Fill a large stockpot with water and bring to a boil. Add the ribs, garlic cloves and bay leaf. Parboil the ribs, covered, for 45 minutes to 1 hour, until fork tender.nIn a medium saucepan, combine all ingredients. Pour 1 cup of the rib water into the mixture. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, for approximately 15 minutes until the sauce has thickened and is heated through. Add the ribs to the pot, turning with tongs to coat well. Season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the ribs to a hot outdoor grill, meat side down first, and cook 8 to 10 minutes on each side, taking care not to burn them. Serve with remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [8 pounds beef short ribs, cut across the bone, 2 garlic cloves, 1 bay leaf, 1 cup brown mustard, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 13 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 tablespoon molasses, 3 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon granulated onion, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Downhome Barbecue Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: yTKEwDhasmyioKJchAfJwLKUHQNlLdW}, 59380: {instructions: Add the tomatoes, cucumber, celery, 3 cups of grapes and jalapeno to a blender and puree. Set up a sieve lined with cheesecloth over a large bowl and pour in the pureed mixture. Set the bowl in the refrigerator while it strains.nOnce you have the extracted the liquid, remove it from the refrigerator. Add the horseradish, superfine sugar and 2 lime wedges to a pitcher and muddle with a wooden spoon. Stir in the extracted tomato juice, some crushed ice and a few splashes of vodka. Stir to combine.nRub a lime wedge on part of the rim of each glass. Dip the rim into the salt and pepper mixture so it sticks to the wet part of the rim. Pour the drink into the glasses and garnish with cucumber spears, celery sticks and a few grapes., ingredients: [4 green tomatoes, roughly chopped, 1 hot house cucumber, roughly chopped, 2 ribs celery, peeled to remove tough outer fibers and roughly chopped, 3 cups seedless green grapes, plus more for garnish, 1 jalapeno, seeded, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 1 tablespoon superfine sugar, 2 lime wedges, plus more for garnish, Crushed ice, 2 to 3 ounces vodka, chilled, 1 tablespoon salt and freshly ground black pepper, on a small plate, Cucumber spears, celery sticks, for garnish], title: Fresh White Bloody Mary, picturelink: null}, 59381: {instructions: Dredge oysters in flour, then in beaten eggs and then in the bread crumbs. Fry oysters in pan of canola oil thats heated to 375 degrees. Remove oysters when golden brown. Place oysters on paper towel to drain. Slice hero roll and spread mustard on one side and sandwich sauce on the other. Lay cole slaw on roll. Add oysters to sandwich and serve., ingredients: [6 Cinco Teaque oysters, Flour for dredging, 1 beaten egg, Canola oil, Panko bread crumbs, 1 hero roll, 1 tablespoon Zatarains creole mustard, 1 tablespoon Durkees sandwich sauce, 3 ounces cole slaw], title: Oyster Po Boy, picturelink: null}, 59382: {instructions: Make the mayonnaise by whisking together all the ingredients until fully incorporated. Transfer to a small serving bowl and serve as a side with the fried potatoes.nHeat the oil over high heat in a large, heavy pot, such as a Dutch oven, until it reaches 375 degrees F. Carefully drop half of the potatoes into the hot oil and cook until nicely golden brown, about 8 minutes. Remove potatoes with a slotted metal spoon onto a plate lined with a double layer of paper towels. Season generously with salt and sprinkle with parsley. Serve the first batch and repeat the frying process for the second batch., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Couple pinches salt, About 20 grinds black pepper, 2 cups vegetable oil, preferably canola or safflower, 4 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 12inch thick wedges, Salt, Chopped fresh parsley leaves, for garnish], title: Fried Potatoes with Coriander Cayenne Mayonnaise, picturelink: gRo.yBUmUhUcSE544hp.pWWKUqy45m}, 59383: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the caper lemon tartar sauce: Mix the mayo, capers, relish, lemon juice, vinegar and Worcestershire sauce in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper, cover and refrigerate for 15 minutes marry the flavors.nFor the fennel slaw: Mix the red cabbage, parsley and fennel in a large bowl. Whisk the lemon juice and mustard in a small bowl whisk in the oil until the dressing is smooth. Toss with the fennel mixture and season with salt and pepper. Slaw can be stored in an airtight container and refrigerated up to 2 days.nFor the fish: Heat the oil to 375 degrees F in a heavybottomed Dutch oven or deep fryer.nWhisk 2 cups flour, baking powder and salt into a bowl. Add the beer and egg and mix until combined.nSprinkle the fish with salt and pepper. Dredge the fish in the remaining 12 cup flour, shake off any excess, then dunk into the batter mixture, letting the excess drip off. Fry the fish in the hot oil until golden brown and crispy, 4 to 5 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: Place the hot, fried fish on the rolls. Then top with the slaw and slather the top bun in the tartar sauce. Garnish with a fennel frond. Grab with both hands and bite hard., ingredients: [1 cup mayo, 2 tablespoons capers, drained and chopped, 2 tablespoons pickle relish, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 12 teaspoons white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups red cabbage, sliced thin, 14 cup fresh parsley leaves, chopped, 1 medium bulb fennel, trimmed and thinly sliced, save fronds for garnish, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from about 1 lemon, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups peanut oil, for frying, 2 cups plus 12 cup flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon table salt, One 12ounce bottle good beer Irish stout preferred, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 1 pound cod fillet, cut into pieces the length of the buns, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 parker house rolls, buttered and griddled until toasted], title: Beer Battered Codwich Sliders, picturelink: RRzs7w6nC4mGhQGdx78SEy5uu0AbVou}, 59384: {instructions: Rinse the quinoa in a large fine mesh strainer with cold water, then transfer to a small saucepan. Cover with 2 cups cold water, bring to a boil, and then reduce to a low simmer and cook for 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat, fluff with a fork and let cool before mixing into the lamb.nMix together the quinoa, lamb, cumin, cayenne, garlic, egg, onions and some salt in a large bowl until the mixture comes together and is smooth. Form the mixture into 4 balls, flatten down into patties and place on baking sheets.nHeat a large nonstick saute pan over high heat for 1 minute, and then add the oil. Cook the patties until browned, 3 minutes per side, and then cover and cook over low heat for 10 to 12 minutes.nMix together the yogurt and mint in a separate bowl and season with salt.nTo plate the dish, place the lamb burger over your favorite salad or I recommend a fresh tomato puree. Top each with a dollop of the mint yogurt and serve., ingredients: [1 cup dry quinoa, 1 pound ground organic lamb meat, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Pinch cayenne pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 egg, 1 small Spanish onion or 12 large, diced small, Salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup 0percentfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons fresh mint, chopped], title: Organic Lamb Burger with Fresh Mint Yogurt and Quinoa, picturelink: pWYttaDyI4yRyxNA4bFss1puuy2CBQK}, 59385: {instructions: Special equipment: 8 metal skewersnPreheat a charcoal grill to mediumhigh heat. Move the coals to the side so that one part of the grill has indirect heat.nIn a small bowl stir together the olive oil, parsley, lemon zest and salt. Set aside.nIn a separate small bowl, mix together the salt, oregano and red pepper flakes.nLay the chicken cutlets flat on a cutting board, lengthwise, and season all sides with the salt mixture. Place a piece of prosciutto on each cutlet. Fold each piece of provolone in half and place on top of the prosciutto. Follow with 1 sundried tomato.nWorking one at a time, roll the chicken up, in a continuous spiral roll, and seal by sticking 2 parallel skewers through the roll. Proceed with the remaining chicken, sticking 2 rolls on each pair of skewers for easy flipping. Drizzle the chicken with the olive oil and grill starting directly over the coals. Sear the chicken on all sides flipping as needed, until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Move the skewers to indirect heat and continue to cook until cooked through, about an additional 10 minutes or. Remove from the grill and allow to rest for 5 minutes. Remove the skewers from the involtini, slice and serve, drizzled with the parsley oil., ingredients: [13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup chopped parsley, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, from 1 lemon, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 8 chicken breast cutlets, 8 slices Prosciutto di Parma, 8 slices provolone picante cheese, 8 oilcured sundried tomatoes, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Chicken Involtini, picturelink: awPWyi6n2yGOI157vIv6G0yZNpcyAKS}, 59386: {instructions: Combine lime zest, juice, pineapple, olive oil, spices, and honey. Set mixture aside. Clean and wash the scallops, then cut each 1 in 12 lengthwise. Add scallops to lime juice mixture, stir well and set aside in cooler. Add the vegetables and cilantro to the scallop mixture. Stir well. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cover and chill at least 3 hours. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [6 Key limes, zested and juiced, 14 cup crushed pineapple, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 teaspoon ground cayenne, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 pound fresh diverharvested sea scallops or any other fresh scallop of high quality, 14 cup diced red onion, 14 cup diced red bell pepper, 14 cup diced green bell pepper, 12 minced, seeded jalapeno, 2 tablespoons fresh minced cilantro leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups corn tortilla chips], title: Diver Scallop Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 59387: {instructions: In processor, pulse berries to finely chop. Mix with remaining ingredients. Refrigerate 12 hour or up to 4 hours., ingredients: [1 cup cranberries, fresh or frozen, 2 cups diced fresh pineapple, 1 to 2 jalapenos, seeded, diced, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons light brown sugar, 18 teaspoon salt], title: CranberryPineapple Relish, picturelink: 7.7mcYY9IragvObjBkVFRCe6pt0SfsO}, 59388: {instructions: For the jicama slaw: Blend the jicama, onions, lemon juice, vinegar, salt and pepper, mixing well. After mixing, adjust the seasoning to taste and allow to marinate for a minimum of 1 hour and up to 12 hours in the refrigerator.nFor the lobster sauce: In a bowl, stir together the buttermilk, cilantro, sour cream, lemon juice, cumin, salt and sriracha. Then add the lobster and mix again. Refrigerate up to 1 hour.nTo build the dish, fill a taco shell with 2 to 3 tablespoons jicama slaw, and then top with 2 tablespoons lobster sauce, some lettuce and tomatoes. Finish with a dollop of salsa verde. Repeat the process and serve.nFor the jicama slaw: Blend the jicama, onions, lemon juice, vinegar, salt and pepper, mixing well. After mixing, adjust the seasoning to taste and allow to marinate for a minimum of 1 hour and up to 12 hours in the refrigerator.nFor the lobster sauce: In a bowl, stir together the buttermilk, cilantro, sour cream, lemon juice, cumin, salt and sriracha. Then add the lobster and mix again. Refrigerate up to 1 hour.nTo build the dish, fill a taco shell with 2 to 3 tablespoons jicama slaw, and then top with 2 tablespoons lobster sauce, some lettuce and tomatoes. Finish with a dollop of salsa verde. Repeat the process and serve., ingredients: [14 cup shredded jicama, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, julienne, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 cup shredded jicama, 14 cup thinly sliced red onion, julienne, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons white balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 14 cup whole buttermilk, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sriracha, 2 pounds poached lobster tails, medium dice, 8 fried flour tortillas, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, iceberg or Bibb, 1 cup mediumdice tomatoes, 12 cup tomatillo salsa verde, 14 cup whole buttermilk, 2 tablespoons minced fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon sriracha, 2 pounds poached lobster tails, medium dice, 8 fried flour tortillas, 1 12 cups shredded lettuce, iceberg or Bibb, 1 cup mediumdice tomatoes, 12 cup tomatillo salsa verde], title: Lobster Taco, picturelink: vDn.agXKA8qqdQYUEtdkDcZr9iY4v3G}, 59389: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine water, butter, and chocolate cook and stir over low heat until smooth. Cool. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, brown sugar, baking soda, and salt. Add eggs and sour cream beat on low just until combined. Stir in chocolate mixture until smooth.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn another bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, egg, and vanilla set aside. Spread chocolate batter into a greased 15 by 10 by 1inch baking pan. Drop cream cheese mixture by tablespoonfuls over batter cut through the batter with a knife to swirl. Sprinkle with chocolate chips. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack., ingredients: [34 cup water, 12 cup butter, 1 12 squares 1 12 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 1 package 8 ounces cream cheese, softened, 13 cup sugar, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 1 cup 6 ounces semisweet chocolate chips], title: Marbled Chocolate Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: null}, 59390: {instructions: Gently pound cutlets between 2 sheets of plastic wrap with a flat meat pounder or a rolling pin until 14inch thick.nWhisk together eggs, water, salt, pepper, cheese, and parsley in a shallow bowl batter will be thick. Put the flour on a plate.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon oil in a 12inch nonstick skillet over moderately high heat until foam subsides. Working quickly, dredge 1 cutlet in flour, then in the batter, letting excess drip off, and add to skillet. Repeat with about 3 more cutlets do not crowd in skillet and cook, turning over once, until golden and just cooked through, about 4 minutes total. Repeat with remaining butter, oil, and cutlets. Serve with lemon wedges., ingredients: [1 14 pounds turkey breast cutlets, halved crosswise if large, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 14 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 34 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano 1 12 ounces, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh flatleaf parsley or basil, Allpurpose flour, for dredging, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Accompaniment: lemon wedges], title: ParmesanCoated Turkey Cutlets, picturelink: null}, 59391: {instructions: To make the herbsimple syrup for the martini, combine the water, sugar and lemon zest in a pot over medium heat. Gently simmer for 3 minutes until the sugar is dissolved, swirling the pot over the heat now and then. Do not allow to boil or get dark. Put the thyme in a mason jar or glass container and pour the sugar syrup on top allow to steep while it cools for 12 hours to infuse the herb flavor into the syrup. Strain to remove the solids.nIn a martini shaker filled with ice, combine the vodka, Lemoncello, and 4 tablespoons of the herbsyrup. Shake well until frothy and strain into 4 chilled martini glasses. Float candied lemon rind in each glass for great presentation., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 cups granulated sugar, zest of 1 lemon, 1 handful fresh thyme sprigs, 12cup lemonflavored vodka, such as Citron, 14cup Lemoncello, candied lemon rind, for garnish], title: LemonThyme Martini, picturelink: null}, 59392: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pitcher combine the wine, gin, sugar, the juice from 3 oranges, 3 lemons, and 1 lime. Slice the remaining orange, lemon, and lime and add them to the pitcher as well. Stir the mixture and let it sit overnight in the refrigerator.nPour the sangria into glasses filled with ice and top with guarana soda., ingredients: [2 bottles dry red wine, 4 ounces gin, 3 tablespoons sugar, 4 oranges, 3 juiced, 1 whole, 4 lemons, 3 juiced, 1 whole, 2 limes, 1 juiced, 1 whole, Ice, 24 ounces guarana soda], title: Spanish Sangria, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 59393: {instructions: For the steaks: Place the skirt steaks in a nonreactive container. Combine 14 cup oil, the Worcestershire, garlic, juice, mustard and shallots in a food processor and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture over the steaks, coating with the marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours or up to overnight.nFor the peppers and onions: Heat the oil over high heat in a saute pan and sear the peppers and onions for 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the tarragon and rosemary. Sprinkle in the vinegar and toss to coat. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the salad and vinaigrette: Mix together the vinegar and red onions in a small stainlesssteel bowl Pour the orange juice into a saucepan and cook until reduced to a syrup, and then let cool. Whisk the orange juice reduction and olive oil into the vinegar to create an emulsified vinaigrette. Add salt and pepper to taste.nFor cooking the steaks: Heat 18 cup olive oil in a castiron skillet until it just begins to smoke. Lightly sprinkle the steaks with salt and pepper and sear over high heat on each side until medium rare, 34 minutes per side.nCombine the arugula, cherry tomatoes and vinaigrette in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper if necessary. Divide the salad among 46 dinner plates. Slice steak against the grain and place on the plates. Garnish with the peppers, onions and Cheddar., ingredients: [Four 10ounce skirt steaks, 14 cup plus 18 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon orange juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 shallot, minced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 12 shishito peppers, 1 red onion, sliced and separated into rings, 1 teaspoon fresh tarragon, finely chopped, 12 teaspoon fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons champagne vinegar, Salt and ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon chopped red onions, 34 cup orange juice, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and ground black pepper, 8 ounces arugula, 14 cup cherry tomatoes, halved, 4 ounces Cheddar, sliced thin], title: Skillet Seared Skirt Steak, Red Onions and Shishito Peppers with Arugula Salad in Honeybell Orange Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 59394: {instructions: Place meat in bowl and cover with onion, peppercorns, bay leaf and cloves. Add vinegar and wine and let marinate for four days in the refrigerator. Turn meat once each day to coat well. After four days, remove meat from marinade and dry well. Discard marinade.nHeat clarified butter in large casserole dish and brown meat quickly on all sides. Season with salt. Add water to side of pan and add some rye bread crust. Simmer gently, covered, for one hour, turning meat from time to time and adding more water when necessary.nWhen cooked, place meat on serving dish. Mix together cornstarch with water and add to gravy to thicken. Serve sauce on side., ingredients: [2 12 pounds round steak, washed, drained well, 1 onion, cut thinly, 4 peppercorns, 1 small bay leaf, 2 cloves, 12 cup white wine vinegar, 1 58 cups dry red wine, 14 cup clarified butter, salt, to taste, 1 14 cups water, rye bread crust, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon cold water], title: Sauerbraten, picturelink: null}, 59395: {instructions: Dry rub veal shoulder with spices and let sit in the refrigerator for 24 hours.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nHeat butter in roasting pan over medium heat. Add veal shoulder and brown on all sides. Remove from pan. Add vegetables and cook until tender. Add flour to make roux. Whisk in your liquid and add veal shoulder. Bring to simmer on top of stove and cover with foil. Cook in the oven for 3 hours.nRemove veal and puree sauce until smooth. Slice veal and coat with sauce to serve., ingredients: [1 veal shoulder, 2 tablespoon paprika, 2 tablespoon ground chipotle powder, 1 tablespoon cinnamon, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 4 ounces butter, 2 Vidalia onions, cut into large dice, 2 organic carrots, cut into large dice, 1 bulb celery root, cut into large dice, 4 ounces flour, 3 quarts chicken stock, 3 quarts whole milk], title: Braised Veal Shoulder, picturelink: null}, 59396: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl place the tuna. Incorporate the remaining ingredients and mix thoroughly. Refrigerate tuna until needed.nIn a bowl combine all ingredients. Incorporate evenly and reserve until needed.nPlace all ingredients in a bainmarie. Wrap tightly with plastic and place in a double boiler and allow to steep for 3 hours. Allow sauce to cool then strain through a china cap. Reserve until needed.nTo plate place a mound of tuna tartare in the middle of the plate and surround with cucumber relish. Drizzle ponzu sauce around. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds sushi grade tuna, small dice, 1 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, Fresh white pepper, to taste, 1 English cucumber, brunoise, with no seeds, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon pickled ginger, minced, 1 jalapeno, brunoise, no seeds, Juice of 1 lemon, 1 cup lemon juice, 1 cup soy sauce, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 18 cup chili oil, 13 cup sesame oil, 1 teaspoon butcher ground pepper, Pinch ground cumin, 1 teaspoon grated ginger], title: Spiced Tuna Tartare with Cucumber Relish Ponzu and Black Sesame Seeds, picturelink: null}, 59397: {instructions: Make caramel sauce: Place sugar and water in heavybottomed saucepan. Heat over high heat without stirring until mixture begins to caramelize and becomes a light amber color. Remove from heat and CAREFULLY add cream, stirring briskly, a little at a time. The mixture will bubble and erupt until sugar cools a bit. When all cream is added, return to heat and simmer 12 minutes. Add salt and set aside.nHeat sautu00e9 pan over high heat. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in pan add sliced apples and cook for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add brandy, if using. Return to heat and cook until alcohol has burned off. Be careful the brandy does not come in contact with flame of gas stove and catch fire. Keep apples warm.nHeat griddle or nonstick pan over medium heat. Add 12 tablespoons butter melt. Add brioche slices and top with a slice of Cheddar. Grill until cheese melts. Meanwhile, place 1 tablespoon of caramel sauce on each serving plate. Place the Cheddarbrioche slices over sauce. Top with applebrandy mixture and drizzle with more caramel sauce., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 18 cup water, 14 cup heavy cream, Pinch of coarse sea salt, 23 tablespoons butter, divided, 2 apples of your choice, cored and sliced, 12 tablespoon 1 ounce brandy, optional, 4 slices brioche or other buttery bread, 4 slices Wisconsin Cheddar cheese, Walnut halves or pieces, optional, Pomegranate seeds, optional], title: The Appleton Grilled Cheese, picturelink: OQDkkPGmjb.8VA.LywQ5I0G63dCeG}, 59398: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the candied pecans on a small baking sheet and toast in the oven for 5 minutes. Set aside.nCombine the yogurt, cilantro, mayonnaise, lemon juice and agave sweetener in a medium mixing bowl. Whisk until evenly incorporated. Season with salt and pepper.nCombine the yogurt dressing with the jicama, apples and cucumbers. Toss and make sure everything is evenly dressed. Add the pecans and toss to combine. Taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper if needed. Serve immediately or at room temperature., ingredients: [13 cup candied pecan halves, chopped, 14 cup plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 12 teaspoon agave sweetener, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound jicama, peeled and cut into 12inch matchsticks, 2 small Granny Smith apples, sliced into 12inch matchsticks about 1 cup, 1 cucumber, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch matchsticks], title: Jicama Cole Slaw, picturelink: s3eytp31YB9ADppcHPO.aZveK7w8DP6}, 59399: {instructions: 1. In large nonstick skillet coated with cooking spray, cook onions, covered, over mediumlow heat for 16 to 20 minutes or until onions are very tender, stirring occasionally. Stir in mushrooms and garlic. Cook over medium heat, covered, for 4 to 6 minutes or until onions begin to brown and mushrooms are tender, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat.n2. Meanwhile, cook veggie burger according to package directions.n3. Spread mustard on one side of bread slice. Top with arugula if desired. Place burger on arugula. Spoon onion mixture over burger. Sprinkle with cheese. Let stand for 1 to 2 minutes or until cheese melts. Serve immediately.nu00ae, u2122, u00a9, 2010 Kellogg NA Co. Morningstar Farms Recipes are the property of the Kellogg Company.nThis recipe has been tested and endorsed by Kellogg and Morningstar Farmsu00ae., ingredients: [34 cup sweet onions, 12 cup fresh mushrooms, 14 teaspoon bottled minced garlic, 1 Grillersu00ae Original, 1 teaspoon spicy brown mustard or Dijon mustard, 1 slice multigrain or wholewheat bread, 13 cup baby arugula, 1 tablespoon Gruyere cheese or Swiss cheese], title: Alpine Burgers, picturelink: 07hCnsKgi0RcEM3KnP8G5y6cQZ83diC}}