{59400: {instructions: In a castiron skillet set over mediumhigh heat, melt the butter and then add the bologna. Fry until the bologna turns dark golden brown and then flip and fry the other side, about 2 minutes per side. Top each slice of bologna with 2 slices of cheese and let melt.nAssemble the sandwiches by spreading mayonnaise on 4 slices of the bread and mustard on the remaining 4 slices. Place a slice of cheesecovered fried bologna on a slice of bread topped with mayonnaise, then layer on a piece lettuce and tomato. Top with a slice of bread topped with mustard. Repeat with the remaining slices of fried bologna. Slice each sandwich in half and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 4 thick slices bologna, 8 slices Cheddar, 8 slices sourdough bread, toasted, Mayonnaise, Mustard, 4 lettuce leaves, 1 tomato, sliced], title: Carl Johns Fried Bologna Sandwich, picturelink: GZCNIQHU77LYss.jPnMZiN7rR65PlWy}, 59401: {instructions: Add Buchanans and grapefruit sodanServe over ice, ingredients: [1.5 oz. Buchanans, 1 oz. grapefruit soda], title: Buchanans Aguila, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 59402: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nRemove the skin and bones from the chicken breasts, leaving the wing bone attached. In a large bowl whisk together the eggs, sour cream, mustard, parsley, thyme, garlic, salt, and pepper. Coat the chicken in the seasoned flour and then in the egg mixture. Press the dredged chicken into the bread crumbs.nFry the breaded chicken in a deepfryer until golden brown, about 10 minutes. Remove the chicken from the fryer and roast in the oven for 15 minutes.nPlace the cooked chicken on top of the Sage and Baby Spinach Mashed Potatoes. Serve with Natural Jus poured around the potatoes.nIn a large pot, boil the potatoes until soft, then drain. In a separate small pot heat the cream, butter, salt, and pepper on medium heat until warm. In a large bowl combine the drained potatoes and the heated cream mixture, whip until smooth. Add the buttermilk, sage and baby spinach. Stir potatoes until the spinach is lightly wilted.nIn a medium saucepan, bring the reduced chicken stock to a boil. Whisk in the butter, thyme, salt, and pepper until combined. Remove from heat., ingredients: [4 14ounce chicken breasts, 6 large eggs, 14 cup sour cream, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups Japanese panko bread crumbs, Seasoned flour, for dredging, Vegetable oil, for frying, Sage and Baby Spinach Mashed Potatoes, recipe follows, Natural Jus, recipe follows, 8 peeled Idaho potatoes, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup melted butter, 14 cup buttermilk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 6 ounces baby spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups reduced chicken stock, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 tablespoon fine salt, 12 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Maxs Specialty Chicken Chop with Sage and Baby Spinach Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: A2NOstrNLch.oU1QiM3SiCXjQFJBntW}, 59403: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the butter over mediumhigh heat in a large skillet. Once foaming, add the shallots and cook until softened, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 1 minute. Add the halfandhalf and bring to a simmer. Whisk in the cream cheese in increments. Once incorporated and smooth, add all but 14 cup of the goat cheese in handfuls and whisk until melted. Remove from the heat and stir in the crabmeat and 2 tablespoons of the chopped parsley. Pour into a 1 12quart casserole dish.nMix together the panko, remaining 14 cup grated cheese, remaining 2 tablespoons parsley and the paprika in a small bowl. Sprinkle the top of the dip with the mixture. Bake until bubbly and hot, 20 minutes. Serve with whole wheat pita chips., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 shallot, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup halfandhalf, 8 ounces reducedfat cream cheese, cubed, at room temperature, 8 ounces grated drunken goat cheese, 1 pound claw crabmeat, picked through for shells and cartilage, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup panko breadcrumbs, 12 teaspoon paprika, Wholewheat pita chips, for serving], title: Drunken Goat Cheese Crab Dip, picturelink: q7AJrxEKq0tskuBov7736HzQdJAnygC}, 59404: {instructions: For the cookies: Put the sugar in a food processor and pulse a few times to finely grind. Add the flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking powder and 12 teaspoon of salt and pulse just to combine.nAdd the butter and pulse until all of the butter is incorporated into the flour and the mixture is sandy. Add the egg and vanilla and pulse until the mixture comes together in big clumps.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead a few times to form a ball. Divide the dough in half, pat into 2 discs about 14inch thick, wrap in HYPERLINK http:www.foodterms.comencyclopediaplasticwrapindex.html plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.nPosition an oven rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment paper.nLet the dough sit at room temperature for a few minutes to make rolling easier. Put 1 disc of dough between 2 pieces of parchment paper and roll out the dough to 18inch thick. Cut out with desired cookie cutters and arrange on one of the prepared baking sheets about 2 inches apart. Bake until the bottom of the cookies are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on the baking sheet until firm enough to transfer to a rack to cool completely. Repeat with the remaining dough. Gently gather any scraps into a ball and press into another disc. Chill the disc until firm enough to roll and cut out as many cookies as possible.nFor the icing: Sift the meringue powder and confectioners sugar together in a large bowl and add 6 tablespoons water. Beat with an electric mixer on mediumhigh until the mixture is glossy and soft peaks form, 3 to 4 minutes. Add food coloring if using or divide into several batches and color with different shades of food coloring. Decorate cookies as desired. The cookies can be store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 3 days., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon baking powder, Fine salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons meringue powder, One 1pound box confectioners sugar 3 34 to 4 cups, Food coloring, as desired, Candy corns, pecans and sanding sugar], title: Spiced Thanksgiving Sugar Cookies, picturelink: q1COgAodW9JsmmHP7ZmYc98S7YE0PZ6}, 59405: {instructions: Mix together the yogurt and 2 tablespoons honey in a bowl until blended.nStir together 14 cup water, the sugar, remaining honey, zest, cinnamon, star anise and vanilla bean in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the plums and peaches and cook until saucy and tender, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and chill until cold.nLayer the stewed fruits and yoghurt in a tall glass. Finish with a dollop of yoghurt, garnish with walnuts and drizzle with honey., ingredients: [2 cups thick Greek yoghurt, 14 cup honey, plus more for garnish, 14 cup raw sugar, 12 teaspoon lime zest, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 star anise, 1 vanilla bean, 4 plums, pitted and quartered, 2 peaches, pitted and quartered, 14 cup walnuts, toasted and roughly chopped], title: HoneyInfused Mediterranean Yoghurt Parfait with Stewed Plums and Peaches, picturelink: null}, 59406: {instructions: Bring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. Add couscous and cook 8 to 10 minutes, until couscous has puffed up and is cooked through to the center. Drain and allow to cool. Transfer to a large bowl.nPrepare dressing by whisking together the lemon juice and mustard while drizzling in the olive oil. Once slightly emulsified, stir in pepper flakes and season with salt and cracked black pepper.nToss the tomato, currants, cucumber, red bell pepper, onion and arugula with the couscous. Pour the dressing over top. Season with salt and pepper to taste and toss to the combine., ingredients: [1 12 cups Israeli pearl couscous, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup olive oil, 14 teaspoon dried red pepper flakes, Kosher salt, Freshly cracked black pepper, 1 vineripened tomato, diced, 12 cup dried currants, 1 hothouse cucumber, seeded and diced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 12 red onion, diced, 2 cups Israeli curly baby arugula], title: Israeli Couscous and Arugula Salad, picturelink: BPj.8VernqpmNCu.2ZLEXFlvivVbbW}, 59407: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Position top rack in the center of the oven. Place a baking pan on the rack below this. Boil water.nMake crust: Mix the crumbs and salt together in a small bowl, then add butter and stir to mix. Set aside 14cup for topping. Press the rest into the bottom and sides of a 9inch springform pan.nTurn on kitchen or stove exhaust fan. Skewer and roast the habaneros over an open flame gas burner is fine and set them to steam under a towel. When they are cool enough to handle, put on plastic gloves if desired. Peel and deseed habaneros, then pound in a mortar with the 2 tablespoons of sugar until a coarse paste results.nCream the cream cheese, then add remaining sugar and salt. Beat in the eggs 1 at a time until incorporated. Add the cream and blend. Beat the zest and lime juice into this mixture. Add the habanero paste last and beat until well mixed. Pour into the crust, then gently tap the pan to level the filling. Sprinkle the reserved crumbs on top.nPour boiling water into the pan on the ovens lower rack. Place the cheesecake on the rack above it. Bake for approximately 1 hour or until the cheesecake pulls away from the edge of the pan. Remove from the oven and allow to set for 20 minutes. Wrap and keep in the refrigerator overnight, or if rushed, place in the freezer for 2 to 3 hours.nGarnish, if desired, with slices of lime and place a whole habanero in the center., ingredients: [1 12 cups wheatmeal biscuits or about 26 graham cracker squares ground to crumbs, Pinch salt, 13 cup melted butter, 3 habanero peppers, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus 1 cup, 24 ounces cream cheese, Pinch of salt, 4 eggs, 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 lime, zested, 1 very juicy or 2 less juicy limes, juiced, 1 lime sliced thinly, for garnish, 1whole habenero, for garnish], title: Habanero Lime Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 59408: {instructions: Coat a large saucepot with olive oil and add the pancetta. Bring the pot to a mediumhigh heat and cook the pancetta for 4 to 5 minutes. Add the onions, season generously with salt and stir to coat with olive oil. Cook the onions for 6 to 7 minutes stirring frequently. The onions should become very soft and aromatic but have no color. Add the garlic and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes stirring frequently.nPass the tomatoes through the food mill. Be sure to pass all of the pulp through the holes leaving only the stems and the seeds, and be sure to scrape the pulp off of the bottom of the food mill. Thats all of the big money stuff Add the tomatoes to the pot and rinse out 1 of the empty tomato cans with water and add that water to the pot about 2 to 3 cups. Season generously with salt and TASTE IT Tomatoes take a lot of salt. Season in baby steps and taste every step of the way. Cook the sauce for 2 to 3 hours, stirring occasionally and tasting frequently.nUse the sauce right away on pasta or for any other tomato sauce need. This sauce can also be cooled and stored in the refrigerator for a few days and freezes really well., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 pound diced pancetta, 2 large Spanish onions, cut into 14inch dice, Kosher salt, 4 large garlic cloves, smashed and chopped, 4 28ounce cans Italian plum San Marzano tomatoes], title: Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59409: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, salt 1 14 cups water and bring to a boil. Whisk in the couscous. Turn off the heat, cover and let stand for 5 minutes. Transfer the cooked couscous to a bowl and mix in the nuts, parsley and egg. Season with salt and pepper. With damp hands, form the couscous into 4 patties, about 1inch thick about the same thickness of your first thumb joint.nHeat the oil in a 12inch nonstick pan over moderate heat until hot but not smoking. Carefully place the couscous cakes in the pan and cook until golden, turning once, about 5 minutes per side. Remove from the heat and serve.nBYOC: The thing I love about making cakes is I can really throw anything in there. Sticking with the Middle Eastern theme, dates would add a nice texture to these. Plus, you can break up leftovers in a pan for an alternative to fried rice. You can throw any herb in here  basil, thyme or oregano., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 cup couscous, 14 cup finely chopped pistachios nuts, 14 cup finely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, Freshly cracked black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Couscous Cakes, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 59410: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Paperline 24 muffin cups. Cut each square in half. Place one piece of dough in each muffin cup.nBake for 10 to 12 minutes or until cookie has spread to edge of cup.nBeat cream cheese, sweetened condensed milk, eggs and vanilla extract in medium bowl until smooth. Spoon about 3 tablespoons cream cheese mixture over each cookie in cup.nBake for additional 15 to 18 minutes or until set. Remove from oven to wire rack. While still warm, top cheesecakes with morsels. Morsels will soften but will retain shape. Cool completely. Refrigerate for 1 hour., ingredients: [1 package 16 ounces NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Ultimates Refrigerated Chocolate Peanut Butter Deluxe Cookie Dough, 2 packages 8 ounces each cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 can 14 ounces NESTLu00c9u00ae CARNATIONu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup NESTLu00c9u00ae TOLL HOUSEu00ae Peanut Butter  Milk Chocolate Morsels], title: Peanut Butter and Chocolate Chip Cheesecake Cookie Cups, picturelink: null}, 59411: {instructions: Finely shred carrots and in a bowl toss together the remaining ingredients and salt and pepper to taste.nServe garnished with more cilantro., ingredients: [4 medium carrots, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 18 teaspoon finely grated fresh lime zest, 2 tablespoons finely chopped cilantro, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil], title: Carrot Salad with Lime and Cilantro, picturelink: null}, 59412: {instructions: In a large heavy pot over mediumlow heat, add the beef and cook until browned. Make sure to stir it if it starts to stick and break up any clumps that form. Add the diced onion, habanero, jalapeno and garlic. When the fat has rendered from the meat, add the chili powder and stir well. Cook for about 5 minutes on low heat, stirring occasionally.nStir in the tomatoes, tomato paste and the chicken stock. Stir vigorously to combine and simmer for 1 to 2 minutes. Gently stir in the beans so as not to break the beans. Simmer over very low heat for 1 12 hours.nTurn off the heat and add the cocoa powder and brown sugar. Stir vigorously, and then add the salt and pepper. Transfer the chili to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [3 pounds ground beef 8020, 1 mediumsized onion, diced about 1 cup, 1 habanero pepper with seeds, minced, 1 jalapeno pepper, minced with seeds, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 13 cup chili powder, 1 16ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 10ounce can tomato paste, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 40ounce can kidney beans, 14 cup bittersweet cocoa powder, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: The General Store Chili, picturelink: null}, 59413: {instructions: Spray a 13 by 9inch baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.nMelt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Quickly stir in the marshmallows and cook until completely melted. Remove from heat.nStir in cereal, and dried fruit and seeds if using, until well coated and combined. Spray a rubber spatula or wooden spoon with nonstick cooking spray and press mixture evenly into pan. Cool and cut into 2 by 2inch squares or use cookie cutters to cut into playful shapes. Pack in an airtight container., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 10ounce bag marshmallows, 6 cups brown rice cereal, such as Koala Crisp, 12 cup dried cranberries or raisins, optional, 2 tablespoons sesame or sunflower seeds, optional], title: Brown Rice Crispy Treats, picturelink: HymUhvAk6nduvzoWYue8FTX6JHXMHC}, 59414: {instructions: In a small skillet heat the olive oil. Add the garlic and shrimp and saute for a minute or just until the shrimp turns opaque. Add the white wine and boil down until evaporated. Sprinkle on fresh bread crumbs enough to hold the mixture together. Transfer to a bowl and stir in cheese, capers and basil season with salt and pepper.nPreheat a grill or the oven to 375 degrees. Place the swordfish slices down on a work surface and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle the shrimp stuffing over the slices, to within 12 inch of edge and pat into the fish. Roll up and tie into rolls or secure with tooth picks. If this is too hard to handle, then put stuffing over one slice, and top it with other half like a sandwich secure with toothpicks. Thread 3 rolls on a long bamboo skewer or put sandwiches on a baking sheet bake on a cookie sheet or grill for 10 to 15 minutes or until flesh is firm to the touch. Serve immediately garnished with lemon and olives., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 14 pound peeled and deveined finely chopped shrimp, 1 to 2 tablespoons white wine, 12 cup or so soft fresh bread crumbs, 12 ounce grated or finely sliced mozzarella cheese, 2 teaspoons rinsed capers, chopped, 2 to 4 basil leaves, scissored into threads, Salt and pepper, 12 ounces swordfish cut into 6 thin slices, Lemon wedges for garnish, 4 pitted black olives, sliced], title: Stuffed Swordfish, picturelink: null}, 59415: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the french fries on a baking sheet and bake until golden and warmed through, about 10 minutes.nPut the garlic, almonds and olive oil in a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Add the french fries, lemon juice, 1 14 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt and pulse until almost smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a bowl and drizzle with olive oil. Serve with pita chips andor vegetables.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [4 cups frozen curly french fries about 12 ounces, 6 to 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup blanched almonds, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Pita chips andor vegetable sticks, for dipping], title: French Fry Skordalia, picturelink: ZI3lLzvKk.7a7EBMFQbKQTnKbzXGxK}, 59416: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.nIn a bowl, toss together the cashews, maple syrup, cinnamon, cayenne, and salt until well mixed. Spread the mixture onto the baking sheet. Bake until golden brown, stirring half way through, about 10 minutes. Remove from the oven and scrape the nuts onto a plate to cool.nWhen the nuts are cool, put them into a bowl and toss them together with the apricots and raisins.nServing suggestions: Divide the mix into small individual containers for snacking. Spoon a few tablespoons over a serving of yogurt or frozen yogurt. Add a few tablespoons to a bowl of fruit salad., ingredients: [1 cup raw cashews, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 2 pinches ground cinnamon, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, 1 pinch sea salt, 13 cup halved dried apricots, 13 cup raisins], title: Inspired Trail Mix, picturelink: CD18R4b0XI4KvyDfW8BfGDN4fDq7dsW}, 59417: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to medium make sure the grill is ready for cooking over indirect heat. Melt butter in medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook for 1 minute. Whisk in the 2 tablespoons ancho powder and heat for 10 seconds. Stir in hot sauce and honey and season with salt and pepper. Remove about 14 cup for garnish, and keep both portions warm.nSeason each side of the chicken breasts with 1 teaspoon each ancho powder, and cumin, and the salt and pepper. Drizzle canola oil over the both sides. Grill skin side down over medium heat, uncovered, until the skin is nicely charred.nFlip the chicken, moving it to indirect heat, and brush with a good amount of the hot sauce glaze. Cover and cook, brushing occasionally with sauce, until cooked through, about 5 minutes.nWhisk together the heavy cream and creme fraiche in a medium bowl. Stir in the parsley and blue cheese and season with salt and pepper. When chicken is done, remove from the grill and spoon blue cheese sauce over each piece. Drizzle the 14 cup reserved glaze over and garnish with whole parsley leaves.nServe with Jicama and Watermelon Salad.nWhisk together juices, honey, pepper and salt in a large bowl. Add the jicama, watermelon and mint and toss to coat., ingredients: [1 stick unsalted butter, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 8 teaspoons plus 2 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 12 cup hot sauce recommended: Franks, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 Frenchcut chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons ground cumin 8 teaspoons, Canola oil, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup creme fraiche, 14 cup chopped parsley, plus some whole leaves for garnish, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese recommended: Cabrales, Serving suggestion: Jicama and Watermelon Salad, recipe follows, 12 cup fresh orange juice, plus 1 teaspoon zest, 14 cup fresh lime juice, plus 1 teaspoon zest, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 1 jicama, cut into matchstick pieces, 4 cups watermelon in 2inch chunks, 13 cup roughly torn fresh mint leaves], title: Buffalo Style Grilled French Cut Chicken Breasts with Blue Cheese Sauce and Jicama and Watermelon Salad, picturelink: 6bb7XNrsXIV5JscZB8TDZzY7v3n8nAO}, 59418: {instructions: Preheat oven 350 degrees F.nLine 3 9by 5inch loaf pans with wax paper and set aside.nMake bread crumbs by placing the bread in the work bowl of a food processor and processing until finely ground. Transfer crumbs to a large bowl. Add all ingredients, except ketchup, to the bowl mix until just combined. Divide and shape the meat mixture into loaves in the prepared pans. Spread a layer of ketchup over the top to cover the meat loaf. Bake for 1 hour and 30 minutes, or until completely cooked through. Remove from heat and let meatloaf cool for 15 minutes before slicing. Serve warm., ingredients: [2 loaves dayold white bread, crusts removed, 10 pounds ground beef, 2 medium onions, finely chopped, 8 whole eggs, 2 tablespoons minced fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup whole milk, Salt and pepper, About 3 cups ketchup, or more if desired], title: MileHigh Meat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 59419: {instructions: 1. Peel the shallots, and chop them into pieces roughly 12 inch square. Place the pieces into a large nonreactive bowl.n2. Wash the pototoes thoroughly, but do not peel. If you are using small potatoes, cut them into quarters, each in a halfmoon shape. If you are using larger potatoes, cut them into quarters, then cut those halfmoons in halfthe aim is to end up with uniform sized potato pieces that are onehalf to no more than 34 of an inch on any side. Place the potato pieces into the bowl with the shallots.n3. Pour the balsamic vinegar and the olive oil over the potatoes and shallots. Stir to mix.n4. Remove the rosemary leaves from the stems. Add the leaves to the bowl with the previous ingredients.n5. Add the salt and the pepper to the bowl and stir again to mix.n6. Pour the contents of the bowl into a heavy 9 inch by 13 inch roasting pan I like to line mine with aluminum foil, or into any baking dish that will allow the potatoes to be in a single layer.n7.Bake at 450 degrees F for 35 to 45 minutes. I like my potatoes pretty dark, so that the balsamic vinegar gets really crunchy on the outsides of the potatoes if you dont want them quite so dark, either take them out earlier at the 30 minute mark, or set the oven to 375 degrees F and roast for the full time.nServe hot or at room temperature. The potatoes can be reheated in the oven 400 degrees F for 10 minutes or in a wrapping of heavy duty aluminum foil., ingredients: [7 to 8 ounces of shallots about 7 or 8 large ones if you cant find shallots, use an equal amount of sweet onions, 1 12 pounds of redskinned potatoes about 25 to 28 very small, 34 of an inch to 1 12 inches in diameter are best, though you can use an equal weight of larger potatoes, 14 cup of balsamic vinegar, 14 cup of olive oil, 4 stems of fresh rosemary, each about 4 to 6 inches long, 1 tablespoon of kosher salt kosher salt will retain its crunchiness in the oven, 1 tablespoon of freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet and Salty Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 59420: {instructions: Blend 8 ounces goat cheese, 14 cup each fresh parsley and chopped chives, 2 teaspoons each fresh thyme and chopped rosemary and 1 small garlic clove in a food processor. Season with salt and pepper. Form into a 3 to 4inch ball and roll in pomegranate seeds add more seeds to fully coat. Refrigerate until firm, about 30 minutes. Serve with crackers.nPhotograph by Andrew Purcell, ingredients: [], title: Pomegranate Cheese Ball, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 59421: {instructions: For the granola: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F. Mix oats, almonds, flax seeds, brown sugar, salt and cinnamon in a bowl. In a saucepan warm the oil and honey. Whisk in the vanilla extract. Pour the honey, oil, vanilla mixture over the oat mixture and mix gently, but well. Mix with spatula and eventually your hands. Spread out onto a sheet pan and bake for 40 minutes stir after the first 20. Cool and break up any clumps. Mix in dried fruit.nYield: about 9 cupsnFor the berry swirl: Add berries, lemon juice and confectioners sugar in a pan over medium heat. Cook until the berries break down and mixture becomes syrupy, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside to cool.nFor the lemon yogurt: Combine the yogurt, zest and juice in a mixing bowl and stir. To serve, set up glasses and layer with granola, yogurt and berries., ingredients: [4 cups oats NOT quickcook or instant, 112 cups whole almonds, shelled, but skin still on, 12 cup flax seeds, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 cup neutral cooking oil canola, 14 cup honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 12 cups raisins or dried cranberries, 1 cup diced dried apricots, 12 cup dried banana slices, 3 cups mixed berries any combination strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries frozen, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 12 cups lowfat vanilla yogurt, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 tablespoon lemon juice], title: Lemon Yogurt Berry Swirl with Homemade Granola, picturelink: 1dkLE2e6gLa2tfItPiIG8qcuyL3jFNi}, 59422: {instructions: Make the lemon mayonnaise by mixing all ingredients, and let sit in refrigerator for at least one hour. Steam lobsters for 15 minutes, then place in an ice water bath until cool. Heat a large saute pan over moderate heat. Add butter and when it begins to sizzle, place hot dog buns opened flat inside side down in the pan. When golden brown, turn and cook 1 additional minute. Remove lobster meat from shells, dice and mix with celery, mayonnaise, tarragon, salt and pepper. Mound into buns and serve, ingredients: [34 cup mayonnaise, Grated zest of 1 lemon, Juice of 2 lemons, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 2 pound lobsters, 1 tablespoon sweet butter, 4 hot dog buns, 1 stalk celery, minced, 34 cup lemon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon fresh tarragon, minced, Salt and pepper to taste], title: Lobster Rolls, picturelink: null}, 59423: {instructions: Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a small saucepan. In a heavy bottomed pot, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the leeks and saute, stirring for 2 minutes. Turn heat down to medium and sprinkle the flour over the leeks. Saute, stirring for 2 minutes. Remove from heat and add the boiling chicken stock all at once. Beat vigorously with a whisk to incorporate the flour into the stock. Return to boil and add the celery. Reduce to a bare simmer, and cook for 30 minutes.nWhen ready to serve, divide the raw oysters and the cooked asparagus tips among 6 wide, shallow soup bowls. If you find the soup too thick, add some oyster liquor to thin it. Strain the soup, bring it to a boil, add the Pernod, and turn off heat. Swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter with a whisk. Season to taste and pour immediately over the oysters and asparagus in the soup bowls, keeping the oysters just above the surface of the veloute. Garnish with fresh tarragon leaves, if available.nAs an appetizer: The best way to use this recipe, we feel. A great start to a latewinterearlyspring dinner that leads, perhaps, into a roast leg of lamb. A wonderful way to serve it is to place the bowls before your guests, with the oysters and asparagus already set in them. Then, bring a tureen to the table and ladle the veloute over all.nAs a main course: If you simply increase the amount of oysters and asparagussay 8 per person rather than 4youll have a light but filling maincourse soup. Serve warmed French bread with it, and a light frilly salad tossed with fresh goat cheese., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter at room temperature, 2 medium leeks, washed and chopped, 4 tablespoons flour, 4 cups chicken stock, 3 stalks celery with leaves, chopped, 24 freshly shucked oysters, at room temperature with up to 12 cup oyster liquor, 24 warm asparagus tips, cooked until just tender, 2 tablespoons Pernod, Fresh tarragon for garnish, if available], title: Nage Oysters and Asparagus in Pernod Veloute, picturelink: null}, 59424: {instructions: Line tartlet tins with the pastry use boatshaped tins if you have them. Bake blind in a preheated oven at 375 degrees for 10 minutes. When cold, brush the inside of the tartlet cases with the melted chocolate and leave to harden.nMix together the cream cheese and double cream until very smooth, then add the sugar and vanilla essence. Fill the tartlet cases with the cream mixture and arrange the fruit on top. Brush with the apricot or red currant glaze, depending on the fruit used, and leave to set.nSift the flour and salt together and rub in the butter and lard until the mixture resembles bread crumbs. Add the cheese, if using, and bind with a little cold water. Chill for 30 minutes and then roll out and use as above., ingredients: [4 ounces Shortcrust Pastry, recipe follows, 2 ounces dark chocolate, melted, 4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon double cream, 12 ounce caster superfine sugar, Vanilla essence, Fresh fruit strawberries, raspberries, sliced peaches, etc., Apricot jam or red currant jelly, melted and sieved, to glaze, 115g4 ounces plain allpurpose flour, Salt, 25g1 ounce butter, 25g1 ounce lard, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Parmesan cheese optional, Cold water], title: Fresh Fruit Tartlets, picturelink: null}, 59425: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nTo a blender, add the ice, coffee, halfandhalf, hazelnut syrup, and vanilla extract and blend until smooth. Pour the mixture into serving glasses and top with whipped cream and shaved chocolate., ingredients: [3 cups ice, 2 cups espresso, chilled, 1 cup halfandhalf, 12 cup hazelnut syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Whipped cream, for topping, Shaved chocolate, for topping], title: Coffee Frappe, picturelink: b7joWHKXSI.mnqcepJgAuTxVwu.7LOm}, 59426: {instructions: Boil the can of sweetened condensed milk for 2 hours, add more water if needed Remove the can and place into a bowl of iced water to allow it to cool. BE SURE TO COOL THE CAN BEFORE OPENING THE CAN WILL EXPLODE WHEN OPENING, IF YOU DO NOT LET IT COOL PROPERLY. Once the can has cooled, place the peaches into a bowl and pour the caramelized milk over them. Pour the Snapple over the dessert., ingredients: [1 can sweetened condensed milk, 1 can peaches, halved, 1 bottle peach tea], title: A Peachy Dessert, picturelink: null}, 59427: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a food processor spin sugar about 2 minutes until it is superfine. Sift half of the sugar with the salt the cake flour, setting the remaining sugar aside.nIn a large bowl, use a balloon whisk to thoroughly combine egg whites, water, orange extract, and cream of tartar. After 2 minutes, switch to a hand mixer. Slowly sift the reserved sugar, beating continuously at medium speed. Once you have achieved medium peaks, sift enough of the flour mixture in to dust the top of the foam. Using a spatula fold in gently. Continue until all of the flour mixture is incorporated.nCarefully spoon mixture into an ungreased tube pan. Bake for 35 minutes before checking for doneness with a wooden skewer. When inserted halfway between the inner and outer wall, the skewer should come out dry.nCool upside down on cooling rack for at least an hour before removing from pan., ingredients: [1 34 cups sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup cake flour, sifted, 12 egg whites the closer to room temperature the better, 13 cup warm water, 1 teaspoon orange extract, or extract of your choice, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar], title: Angel Food Cake, picturelink: Fx.Nd9qjkj.uVPCbjXNm3Z2ErjIH2UO}, 59428: {instructions: Rinse steaks with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Season both sides of steaks with 1 packet of fajita seasoning. Slice into strips set aside. Add vegetables to a 5quart slow cooker. Toss with remaining packet of fajita seasoning. Add steak strips on top of vegetables. Pour in beer. Cover and cook on low setting for 8 to 10 hours.nServe hot with peppers, warm tortillas, refried beans, and shredded cheese, if desired., ingredients: [2 pounds beef round steak, 2 packets 1.27ounces each fajita seasoning mix recommended: Lawrys, 1 onion, thickly sliced, 2 green bell peppers, sliced into 12inch strips, 1 red bell pepper, sliced into 12inch strips, 12 cup beer or water], title: Beer Beef Fajitas, picturelink: wCgYBf1kVN0ubVva..IGucW6muWOEye}, 59429: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix 4 cups of flour, 14 cup sugar, the baking powder, salt and orange zest. Add the cold butter and mix at the lowest speed until the butter is the size of peas. Combine the eggs and heavy cream and, with the mixer on low speed, slowly pour into the flour and butter mixture. Mix until just blended. The dough will look lumpy Combine the dried cranberries and 14 cup of flour, add to the dough, and mix on low speed until blended.nDump the dough onto a wellfloured surface and knead it into a ball. Flour your hands and a rolling pin and roll the dough 34inch thick. You should see small bits of butter in the dough. Keep moving the dough on the floured board so it doesnt stick. Flour a 3inch round plain or fluted cutter and cut circles of dough. Place the scones on a baking pan lined with parchment paper. Collect the scraps neatly, roll them out, and cut more circles.nBrush the tops of the scones with egg wash, sprinkle with sugar, and bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until the tops are browned and the insides are fully baked. The scones will be firm to the touch. Allow the scones to cool for 15 minutes and then whisk together the confectioners sugar and orange juice, and drizzle over the scones., ingredients: [4 cups plus 14 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, plus additional for sprinkling, 2 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon grated orange zest, 34 pound cold unsalted butter, diced, 4 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water or milk, for egg wash, 12 cup confectioners sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 4 teaspoons freshly squeezed orange juice], title: Cranberry Orange Scones, picturelink: rsljmp4xxiI7uNIUlgwSEvbr.FlTm.6}, 59430: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSlice the Brussels sprouts using the thinnest slicing disk of a food processor. If you do not have a food processor, you may slice thinly with a knife or a mandoline.nSet a 10inch straightsided saute pan over mediumhigh heat and add the pecans. Cook, stirring continually, until the pecans darken in color and begin to give off a toasted aroma, approximately 2 minutes. Add the butter to the pan and stir to combine. Once the butter has melted, add the Brussels sprouts, salt and pepper and cook, stirring continually, until the color brightens and the sprouts are just tender, approximately 6 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, add the cranberries, toss and serve., ingredients: [1 pound fresh Brussels sprouts, rinsed and trimmed, 3 ounces coarsely chopped pecans, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces coarsely chopped dried cranberries], title: Brussels Sprouts with Pecans and Cranberries, picturelink: xDw1zuJrJCOTmfGtfLKrvfA1XoxQM6.}, 59431: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPrepare 4 8ounce ramekins by greasing them with softened butter and then coating them with sugar, tapping out any excess.nMake a thick bechamel sauce base by melting the 3 tablespoons of butter over lowmedium heat in a thickbottomed pot. Just as the foam subsides, add the flour, stirring constantly with a whisk to prevent lumps. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to coat the flour with fat and remove the starchy taste do not allow the roux to brown. Add the warm milk to the mixture and continue to whisk until smooth and thick. Remove from the heat. Beat in the egg yolks 1 at a time. Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Stir in the cheese until incorporated evenly. Chill the mixture while whipping the egg whites.nIn a separate clean bowl beat the egg whites and cream of tartar just until soft peaks form. Fold 13 of the beaten whites into the bechamel mixture to lighten it. Then gently fold in the rest. Pour the batter into the prepared ramekins and place on a cookie sheet. Bake on the middle rack for about 25 minutes.nThe souffle is done when it has puffed over the rim, the outside is golden, and the center jiggles slightly.nServe with fresh figs and a drizzle of honey. Dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, plus more for greasing the ramekins, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for the ramekins, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup milk, warmed, 5 eggs, separated, Pinch salt, Ground white pepper, Pinch ground nutmeg, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, Pinch cream of tartar, 8 fresh black mission figs, split in 12 lengthwise, 12 cup honey, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: Blue Cheese Souffle with Fresh Figs and Honey, picturelink: 0bssw4q1tU0SUvESKln9OdvcJVaaae}, 59432: {instructions: For the burger: Preheat the grill to mediumhigh heat. Combine the pork and beef, sprinkling with salt and pepper. Form 4 patties and indent well in the middle. Put the burgers on the very hot grill, flipping when they release. Do not flatten with a spatula. Cook the pork fully, to an internal temperature of 130 degree F.nFor the coleslaw: Combine the cabbage, onions, mustard, pickle juice, mayonnaise, vinegar, salt, cayenne and onion powder in a large bowl and mix well. Let sit for the flavors to meld together.nFor the BBQ sauce: Combine the ketchup, vinegar, 12 cup water, the bourbon, molasses, brown sugar, Worcestershire sauce, honey, mustard, cayenne, paprika and some salt and pepper in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer on low for 30 minutes. Thin with additional water if needed.nFor the tomatoes: Bring a few inches of oil to 340 degrees F in a castiron skillet. Whisk the flour with the baking powder in a shallow bowl to combine. Slice the tomato thin and season with salt and pepper. Dredge in the flour mixture, then the buttermilk, then the flour again. Fry the breaded tomatoes until crisp and brown, about 2 minutes on each side. Season.nTo assemble: Layer a burger, some coleslaw and some BBQ sauce on a bun. Top with a fried green tomato. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 pounds ground pork, 8 ounces ground beef, 8 ounces green cabbage, shredded, 12 red onion, shredded, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 2 tablespoons pickle juice, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 cup ketchup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons bourbon, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Canola oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 green tomato, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup buttermilk, 4 burger buns], title: Memphis Style BBQ Burger, picturelink: jR8DoDre5hcnebNIVdBk3eel4sUh3hK}, 59433: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nSprinkle the butterflied lobster tails on both sides with some Cajun seasoning, then spread on both sides with some garlic butter. Spread the lobster flesh with the minced garlic sprinkle more Cajun seasoning over the garlic layer. Top with more garlic butter.nBake until cooked through, about 15 minutes do not overcook., ingredients: [2 lobster tails, butterflied, 4 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1 cup garlic butter, 12 cup freshly minced garlic], title: Florida Fried Lobster, picturelink: null}, 59434: {instructions: Saute the onion, garlic and the red bell pepper in the oil in a large pot for 5 to 7 minutes. Add the mushrooms, canned tomatoes with the juice, and the fresh tomatoes, stirring well to combine all ingredients. Add the olives, the stir in the tomato paste. Sprinkle the sugar, salt, pepper, oregano and basil over the mixture, and place the bay leaves in the pot. Mix well. Bring the mixture to a boil, lower to simmer, cover and cook about 2 hours. Remove the bay leaves before serving., ingredients: [1 medium to large onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 4ounce can mushroom pieces, drained, 1 24ounce can whole tomatoes, chopped, juice reserved, 1 pound fresh tomatoes, diced, 1 4ounce can ripe olives, diced, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried basil, 2 bay leaves], title: My Marinara Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59435: {instructions: Combine veal with salt and sugar. Grind meat and jowl fat through the fine plate of heavy duty grinder.nKeep meat and jowl fat separate. Chill well. Place ground meat in food processor, add ice. Sprinkle spice mixture over ice. Process mixture till very cold, 30 degrees on thermometer. Stop machine, scrape down sides. Continue processing till temperature rises to 40 degrees the longer it takes, the finer the sausage. Mixture should resemble cake batter. Add jowl fat and process till mixture reaches 45 degrees. emulsion occurs now Add nonfat milk powder and process till mixture reaches 58 degrees.nTo stuff casings: Fill a commercial sausage stuffer evenly with mixture, making sure there are no airpockets. Stuff hog casings, not too tight, tie off with fine kitchen string.nPoach sausages in a shallow pan of simmering water water should be 165 degrees, un till internal temperature of meat is 155 degrees. Dont boil, casings can split Remove sausages to ice bath when cooked. When internal temp. reaches 60 degrees remove from water: Cook, fry or grill and serve.nRecommended Wine: 1992 Niersteiner Rosenberg Silvaner Trocken, Weingut athildenhof Freiherr Heyl zu Herrnsheim, ingredients: [34 pound veal, trimmed, cubed, 34 pound jowl fat, cubed, 11 ounces ice, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 teaspoon white pepper, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 14 teaspoon mace, 12 teaspoon ginger, 1 12 teaspoons lemon zest blanched, chopped superfine, 2 tablespoons Nonfat dry milk powder, Hog casings for stuffing], title: Fine Swiss Weisswurst, picturelink: null}, 59436: {instructions: Set the chicken in a deep soup kettle or large casserole breast side down and add the stock or broth and water and 4 teaspoons of salt. Bring to a boil over high heat, skimming the surface thoroughly. Lower the heat and add the carrots, celery, leeks, bouquet garni, thyme, garlic, and dried tarragon. Adjust the heat to a low simmer and poach the chicken for 15 minutes. Turn the chicken onto its back and continue poaching for 25 minutes more, or until it is cooked through.nTransfer the chicken to a large plate. Strain the stock into a large saucepan. Reserve the vegetables and discard the bouquet garni. Set the stock over moderately high heat and reduce it by half.nMeanwhile, when the chicken is cool enough to handle, discard the skin and bones and shred the meat into large pieces. Set the chicken aside, covered, in a warm place.nIn a saucepan of boiling water, add the pasta and cook for 5 minutes, or until al dente. Drain and set aside.nWhisk the butter into the broth and add the lemon juice and fresh tarragon. Taste and adjust the seasoning, adding more lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Add the vegetables to the saucepan along with the chopped parsley and pasta. Warm over low heat.nMake the garnish: Brush the bread with the oil and toast until golden. Sprinkle each slice with 2 tablespoons Parmesan and set a slice on each of four deep dinner plates.nDivide the chicken among the plates, spoon the broth, vegetables, and pasta over it and garnish each plate with the parsley sprigs., ingredients: [3 pound chicken, 8 cups chicken stock or 4 cans low sodium chicken broth combined with 1 cup water, 5 carrots, thickly sliced on an extreme diagonal, 5 stalks celery, peeled and sliced 34inch thick on an extreme diagonal, 4 leeks, white part only, thickly sliced on an extreme diagonal and rinsed carefully to remove all dirt, A bouquet garni consisting of 1 bay leaf tied with a few stalks of parsley, Pinch of dried thyme, 1 teaspoon dried tarragon leaves, crumbled, or to taste, if desired, 4 cloves garlic, smashed, 12 cup tiny star pasta, stellini, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, or to taste, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup coarsely chopped Italian parsley, 4 thick slices crusty Italian bread, Extra virgin olive oil, 12 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, 4 sprigs Italian parsley], title: Olivers Chicken Stew, picturelink: null}, 59437: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large Dutch oven over medium heat, saute the pancetta until just starting to brown. Remove from the pot, and drain on a paper towel lined plate. Increase the heat to mediumhigh and add the leeks, sunchokes, pasilla pepper, onion and carrots. Let cook for 5 to 6 minutes, then add in the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 minutes more. Make a well in the middle of the veggies, add the olive oil, and cook for 1 minute, then add the ham hocks. Cook the ham hocks, turning every 2 minutes, until all sides are warm and starting to lightly brown. Add the chicken stock and the peas. Bring to a simmer and cook for 30 to 45 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in freshly cracked pepper, to taste, and remove the ham hocks from the pot to a cutting board. Let them cool for a few minutes and with a fork, shred the meat and add to the soup. Stir in the heavy cream and the vinegar. Ladle the soup into serving bowls and serve with the goat cheese croutons. Sprinkle with rendered pancetta and a crack of black pepper and serve.nCombine all the ingredients, except the panko, in a small bowl.nForm into a log shape and wrap in plastic wrap. Freeze for 30 minutes or until firm. While in freezer, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the cheese from the freezer and slice into 14inch rounds. Flatten each slice with your palm or hand, and press into the panko crumbs. Arrange on a silicone baking mat or parchment lined baking sheet. Bake for 8 minutes, then turn over and continue to bake for 6 to 8 minutes more. Cool and store in airtight container in the refrigerator., ingredients: [3 ounces pancetta, thinly sliced and diced about 12 to 34 cup, 13 cup small diced leeks, white and light green parts only, about 2, 1 pound sunchokes, peeled and diced, 14 cup seeded and diced roasted pasilla pepper, 12 cup peeled and small diced yellow onion about 12 onion, 1 cup peeled and diced carrots, about 2 large, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound smoked ham hocks, 8 cups lowsodium chicken stock, 1 pound dried split peas, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup heavy cream, optional, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, Goat Cheese Croutons, recipe follows, 6 ounces goat cheese, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, room temperature, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 18 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup panko bread crumbs], title: Sunchoke and Split Pea Soup, picturelink: YJXAQqdeyryXPWrLjPVa.4xclev6hy}, 59438: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine raisins in rum and soak for at least 2 hours. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly coat a 10 by 3inch round baking dish or 2quart souffle dish with vegetable cooking spray. Add the bread cubes to the dish and sprinkle the raisinrum mixture on top.nIn a large bowl, combine the milk, eggs, sugar, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Stir the egg mixture into the breadraisin mixture. Cover with foil. Place the baking dish in a larger, highsided roasting pan. Add boiling water into the roasting pan around the baking dish to a depth of 2 inches. Bake for 45 minutes. Remove the foil. Continue baking, uncovered, for 5 minutes, until top is golden and the mixture is slightly puffed or until a knife inserted near the center comes out clean.nCool slightly before serving. If desired, serve with Creme Anglaise, flavored with rum to taste, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup raisins, 12 cup Jamaican rum, 1 pound, 4 ounces white bread, crust trimmed, cut into 1inch cubes about 10 cups, 4 cups whole milk, 15 large eggs, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon grated fresh nutmeg], title: Custard Bread Pudding, picturelink: null}, 59439: {instructions: To roast pepper using a charcoal grill: When fire is hot you can hold your hands 5inches about rack for 1 to 2 seconds, grill peppers on rack, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 10 to 12 minutes.nTo roast pepper using a gas grill: Preheat all burners on high, then adjust heat to moderately high. Grill peppers on rack, turning with tongs, until skins are blackened, 10 to 12 minutes.nPeel and sauce peppers: Transfer peppers to a large bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap, then let stand until cool enough to handle. Peel peppers, then halve lengthwise, and cut them in strips, discarding stems and seeds.nStir together remaining ingredients, then add peppers and toss gently.nCooks note: If the you arent able to grill, peppers can be roasted on racks of gas burners over high heat, turning with tongs. Or broil on broiler pan about 5inches from heat, turning occasionally about 15 minutes.nPeppers in criolla sauce can be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring to room temperature before serving., ingredients: [4 orange bell peppers, 2 medium tomatoes, finely chopped, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 fresh serrano chile, minced including seeds, 1 large garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon minced fresh flatleaf parsley, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 tablespoons redwine vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Grilled Bell Peppers with Criolla Sauce, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 59440: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine cranberry sauce and vinegar, whisk in olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Add the fennel, onion and romaine, and toss to coat., ingredients: [14 cup whole berry cranberry sauce, 2 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bulb fennel, thinly sliced by hand or with mandoline, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced by hand or with mandoline, 1 large or 2 small hearts of romaine, chopped], title: Fennel and Red Onion Salad with CranBalsamic Dressing, picturelink: null}, 59441: {instructions: Puree pineapple, jalapenos and garlic in blender until almost smooth. Add pineapple juice, lime juice, cilantro and lime peel and process until blended. Pour marinade into large glass baking dish. Add chicken, turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate 4 to 6 hours.nPrepare barbecue or preheat broiler. Remove chicken from marinade.nSeason with salt and pepper. Pour 12 cup marinade into small bowl. Whisk in honey. Brush mixture over chicken. Season chicken with salt and pepper. Grill or broil until cooked through, turning frequently and basting with honey marinade, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 medium ripe pineapple, peeled, cored, coarsely chopped, 2 jalapeno chilies, seeded, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 cup unsweetened pineapple juice, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon grated lime peel, 8 chicken breast halves with skin and bones, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons honey], title: Spicy Pineapple Marinade for Chicken, picturelink: null}, 59442: {instructions: Soak the porcinis in 5 cups hot water, 30 minutes. Strain into a saucepan, squeezing the liquid from the porcinis chop the porcinis and set aside.nMake the mushroom broth: Remove the shiitake stems and transfer to a separate saucepan. Add 5 cups water, the bay leaf, 12 cinnamon stick, the peppercorns and 12 teaspoon salt. Bring to a boil and cook 3 minutes, then remove from the heat and set aside to infuse, 30 minutes. Strain into the saucepan with the porcini soaking liquid, squeezing the liquid from the shiitake stems discard the solids.nMeanwhile, chop the shiitake mushroom caps and mixed mushrooms. Heat 3 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil in an extralarge skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, red pepper flakes and the remaining 12 cinnamon stick and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the shiitake caps and mixed mushrooms in an even layer and cook, undisturbed, until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir and continue cooking until the mushrooms are soft, about 3 more minutes. Season with salt and discard the cinnamon stick.nBring the mushroom broth to a simmer. Heat 2 tablespoons butter and the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the squash, onion, porcinis and 12 teaspoon salt cook, stirring, 5 minutes. Add the rice and toast, stirring constantly, 2 minutes. Add the wine and simmer, stirring, until absorbed, 1 minute. Add 3 cups hot broth, return to a simmer and cook, stirring, until most of the liquid is absorbed, 8 to 10 more minutes. Add 3 more cups broth and the mushroom mixture bring to a simmer and cook, stirring, until the rice is al dente, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, the grated cheese and parsley. Add more broth, if needed. Season with salt and serve with more cheese.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [12 ounce dried porcini mushrooms, 12 pound shiitake mushrooms, 1 bay leaf, 1 cinnamon stick, broken in half, 3 black peppercorns, Kosher salt, 1 pound mixed mushrooms such as oyster and cremini, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 8 ounces butternut squash, peeled, seeded and diced, 12 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 cup grated aged gouda or parmesan cheese, plus shaved cheese for serving, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Mushroom and Squash Risotto, picturelink: 5G5Yl8y0kL.xddLYmRghBtzvCkLzrz2}, 59443: {instructions: In a shallow dish combine the flour, seafood seasoning, sea salt and cracked black pepper, to taste.nCoat a large saute pan with 2 tablespoons olive oil and put over high heat.nDredge half of the scallops in the flour mixture, making sure to coat completely. Add to the hot oil, and quickly sear, about 1 12 minutes. Flip and continue to sear for another 1 12 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to rest for 2 minutes. Repeat procedure with the remaining scallops.nMeanwhile, arrange a small amount of field greens in the middle of each serving plate.nArrange 4 prepared scallops on the greens and sprinkle with the warm bacon vinaigrette before serving.nIn a large saucepan over medium heat, add the bacon and render until brown and crisp. Remove the bacon to paper towels to drain and cool. Pour out all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat.nAdd the shallots and garlic to the bacon fat and saute for a minute. Add the brown sugar and stir until melted and incorporated. Remove from the heat, and stir in the vinegar and oil. Blend with immersion blender until smooth and season with salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, Sea salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, divided, 24 sea scallops, Field greens, Warm Bacon Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 2 cups diced bacon, about 12 slices or a standard package, 2 12 ounces shallot, minced, 12ounce garlic, minced, 1 cup brown sugar, 34 cup cider vinegar, 1 12 cups olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Four Straight, picturelink: null}, 59444: {instructions: Special equipment: large bread bowl, 12 by 18inch baking sheet or two smaller sheetsnPlace water in a large bowl. Water should be warm but not hot to the touch. Stir in the yeast and allow to dissolve. Stir in 1 cup flour, stirring constantly in the same direction. Stir in another cup flour, then stir 100 times in the same direction one minute. This helps develop the gluten. You now have a sponge. Cover, and let stand for half an hour or up to three hours. When you are ready to continue, sprinkle on salt and oil, then add more flour, stirring it in a half cup at a time. The dough will be getting heavier and harder to stir. When you can stir no longer, flour a kneading surface well and have more flour handy beside your work surface. Turn dough out and knead, adding extra flour to your work surface as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking. The dough will gradually become smooth and easy to work. Knead for 10 minutes, clean bread bowl, oil it lightly, and place the ball of dough into the bowl to rise, covered with plastic wrap. Let rise until more than doubled, almost three hours. When the volume of the dough has approximately doubled, you can proceed to the next step.nDough can be made ahead to this point and then stored. If you wish postpone baking, gently push dough down, and leave covered in the bowl to rise again. If delay will be more than several hours, instead store dough in a plastic bag in the refrigerator for not more than five days. Bring out of the cold and take out of the plastic bag at least an hour before you want to work with it.Lightly flour your work surface and lightly oil a 12 by 18inch baking sheet. Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Turn dough out onto work surface and flatten with the lightly floured palm of your hand. Pull and stretch the dough gently out into the rectangular shape you need to fit your baking sheet. Take your time and give the dough time to rest if it is resisting stretching. It will need to get quite thin. When you have stretched the dough to approximately the shape and size you need, transfer it to baking sheet and continue to gently press and stretch it to fit. Dont worry if it tears, just patch the hole with another piece of dough and press firmly to join the edges. If you have extra dough hanging over the edge, trim it off and use it to make another small pizza. Dough should be of an even thinness across the flat part of the baking sheet and should form a slight rounded rim as it meets the edge which is for many people the best part of the pizza.nBrush top of pizza with oil, then dimple the surface all over with your fingers. Sprinkle garlic, sea salt and then optional rosemary leaves. Place baking sheet on the bottom rack of the preheated oven and bake until the crust around the edge is slightly golden, 5 to 8 minutes, depending on how thin the pizza is. Remove from oven, brush crusts lightly with olive oil and also the center if you wish. Cut into large squares and serve warm or hot. We have often made pizza bianca several hours ahead, then wrapped it in a clean kitchen towel to keep it moist until we are ready to reheat it for serving. To reheat, place in a dampened paper bag in a 300 degree F oven for about 10 minutes., ingredients: [1 12 cups warm water, 12 teaspoon dry yeast, 4 cups flour approximately: unbleached allpurpose or hard white flour, or a 5050 blend of white and whole wheat, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons olive oil approximately, 1 teaspoon fine sea salt, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, Leaves from 3 sprigs rosemary approximately 2 tablespoons], title: Pizza with Rosemary and Garlic Pizza Bianca, picturelink: null}, 59445: {instructions: Make the filling: Whisk the egg yolks, granulated sugar, cornstarch, orange zest, orange juice, lemon juice and salt in a medium saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula until the mixture comes to a simmer and is thick like pudding, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter until melted. Strain the filling through a finemesh sieve into a large bowl, pushing it through with a rubber spatula. Press plastic wrap onto the surface of the filling and refrigerate until cold and firm, at least 2 hours.nMeanwhile, make the crepe batter: Combine the flour, eggs, milk, melted butter, granulated sugar, vanilla and salt in a blender blend until smooth, scraping down the sides of the blender as needed. Set aside, covered, 1 hour. This prevents the crepes from turning out rubbery.nFinish the filling: Beat the heavy cream in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until it starts thickening, about 1 minute. Add the confectioners sugar and beat until stiff peaks form, about 1 more minute. Beat in the vanilla. Stir onequarter of the whipped cream into the orange filling, then gently fold in the rest. Cover and refrigerate until set, about 1 hour.nMake the crepes: Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Heat a 10inch nonstick skillet over medium heat. Lightly brush with butter, then pour 14 cup batter into the center of the pan. Quickly tilt and swirl the pan to coat and cook until the bottom is golden brown and the top is firm, about 1 minute. Loosen the edges of the crepe with a spatula, then flip with your fingers cook until lightly browned on the other side, 30 more seconds. Invert onto the prepared baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining batter, stacking the crepes as you go lightly brush the pan with more butter as needed. You will have about 16 crepes. Dont worry if a few tearlayer them in the middle of your cake.nPut 1 crepe on a platter and top with a scant 14 cup filling, spreading it to the edge. Repeat, stacking the remaining crepes and filling, and ending with a crepe. Refrigerate overnight this will make slicing easier. Top with whipped cream and orange zest before serving.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [Whipped cream and grated orange zest, for topping, For the filling:, 8 large egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, Finely grated zest of 2 oranges, plus juice of 4 oranges, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, Pinch of salt, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 cup cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, For the crepes:, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, 2 cups milk, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, 14 cup granulated sugar, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Creamsicle Crepe Cake, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 59446: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRoast the poblano and jalepeno chiles directly in the flame of a gas burner, turning until charred on all sides. Alternatively, if cooking with an electric stove, broil until charred. Put chiles in a bowl, cover and steam until soft and cool, about 20 minutes. Peel, seed, and chop.nSpread the tomatillos on a foillined pan, season with salt, pepper and drizzle with olive oil. Bake in the oven until soft and slightly charred, 30 minutes. Meanwhile, cut tortillas into wedges and lay out on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Spray both sides with olive oil spray and bake until crisp and golden, turning half way in between, 8 minutes per side.nSaute onions and garlic in 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil until soft and starting to brown, 8 minutes. Add peppers, tomatoes, cumin, paprika, sugar and water and cook until tomatoes begin to burst and flavors come together, 5 minutes.nDivide sauce between 4 small dishes. Poach eggs and lay 1 egg on each plate over sauce. Garnish with a couple of baked tortillas, crumbled queso fresco, a pinch of paprika and chopped cilantro.nCopyright 2005 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [4 poblano chiles, 2 jalapenos chiles, 16 tomatillos, about 1 pound husked, rinsed, and quartered, 3 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for drizzling tomatillos, 1 10inch whole wheat tortilla, Olive oil cooking spray, 1 large onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Pinch paprika, plus extra for garnish, 2 teaspoons sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 4 large eggs, 4 ounces queso fresco or feta cheese, crumbled, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves], title: Mexican Poached Eggs, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 59447: {instructions: Slice meat against the grain approximately 316 to 14inch thick. It works best if you slice the meat when it is partially frozen.nIn a bowl mix together soy sauce, lime juice, vinegar, red chili flakes, and garlic powder. Add the meat to the cure and marinate for at least 24 hours, refrigerated.nRack the meat in a hot smoker and smoke at a low temperature, approximately 100 degrees F, for 1 to 2 days until almost crispy. Dont over dry or the jerky will be too crunchy. Store, well wrapped, in nonfrost free freezer for up to 1 year., ingredients: [5 pounds elk or venison, use fairly good quality meat, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup lime juice, 12 cup vinegar, 14 cup crushed red chili flakes, 2 tablespoons garlic powder], title: Elk or Venison Jerky, picturelink: null}, 59448: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the oil ripples and is hot, add the meat and brown. Add the onions, chile, bell pepper, garlic and salt and pepper, to taste. Stir in the paprika, ginger, allspice, cinnamon, nutmeg, thyme and cilantro. Stir occasionally for 8 to 10 minutes.nIn a small bowl combine the vinegar, sugar, Worcestershire sauce, lime juice, and tomato sauce. Stir the sauce into the turkey mixture. Simmer for a few minutes, then serve on rolls with a garnish of scallions, chopped pickles, and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds lean ground turkey or turkey breast, 1 onion, chopped, 2 Fresno chile peppers or 1 Anaheim pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 1 sweet bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon paprika or smoked sweet paprika, 1inch piece fresh ginger, grated or minced, 1 teaspoon allspice, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, Freshly grated nutmeg, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Small handful cilantro leaves, finely chopped or 12 a palmful ground coriander, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 lime, juiced, 1 cup tomato sauce, 8 rolls, soft or crusty, split, Chopped scallions, for garnish, Chopped pickles, for garnish, Chopped cilantro leaves, for garnish], title: Sloppy Jerky Turkey Joes, picturelink: 4AK.e29FfQbKX4jvnZQYebDNX3g.rO6}, 59449: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and grease an 8 12inch square ovenproof dish with butter.nDrain the pears and arrange them on the base of the prepared dish. Put all the remaining ingredients in a processor and blitz until you have a batter with a soft dropping consistency.nSpread the brown batter over the pears, and bake in the oven for 30 minutes. Let stand for 5 or 10 minutes and then cut into slabs  I cut 2 down and 2 across to make nine slices  and serve with chocolate sauce., ingredients: [1 14 sticks unsalted butter, softened, plus more, for greasing, 2 14ounce cans pear halves, in juice, 34 cup plus 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 cup cocoa, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Chocolate Pear Pudding, picturelink: rzS8p1JRpGTnNdnouJMDg4.2GOM3bu}, 59450: {instructions: For the applevanilla muffins: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and center an oven rack. Line a minimuffin tray with your favorite liners.nCombine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and nutmeg together in a large bowl.nCombine the sugar, butter and vanilla in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle or in a large bowl if using a hand mixer. Beat on mediumhigh speed until light and creamy, about 4 minutes, scraping as needed. Add the egg and beat until incorporated dont worry if the batter curdles. Adjust to mediumlow speed and alternate adding the flour mixture and the sour cream in batches, beginning and ending with the flour. Fold in the apples using a spatula.nGrease a small icecream scoop about 1 14 inches with nonstick spray and fill the liners about 34 of the way to the top.nBake, rotating halfway through, until a toothpick inserted in the muffins comes out clean and the tops spring back when touched, 10 to 12 minutes. Let rest in the hot muffin pan for 3 minutes, then transfer to a cooling rack.nFor the cider glaze: Boil the cider with the cinnamon stick over mediumhigh heat until the cider is reduced to about 12 cup, about 20 minutes. Whisk in the honey and continue to boil until the liquid is syrupy and just coats the back of a spoon, 4 to 5 minutes. Discard the cinnamon stick and remove from the heat. Whisk in the confectioners sugar and transfer to a small bowl. Let sit until slightly set but still warm, about 3 minutes.nDip the tops of the muffins in the glaze and serve., ingredients: [AppleVanilla Muffins:, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 14 teaspoon fine salt, Large pinch freshly grated nutmeg, 13 cup light brown sugar, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 large egg, 14 cup sour cream, 12 small apple, peeled, cored and cut into 14inch pieces about 12 cup, Cider Glaze:, 2 cups apple cider, 1 small cinnamon stick, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon confectioners sugar], title: AppleVanilla Mini Muffins with Cider Glaze, picturelink: 11H51jxExsZfLQSJHC1DPoiCxHHX.a}, 59451: {instructions: Add the olive oil, smashed garlic and red chile flakes to a large saute pan. Turn the heat to mediumhigh and allow the garlic to become fragrant and the oil heated. Once heated, add the tomatoes and oregano, and season with salt. Stir to combine. Cook until the tomatoes release their water, 2 to 3 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the white wine. Cook until the wine is bubbling and has begun to reduce, about 1 minute. Add the squid, stir to combine, and cook until the squid becomes opaque in colorbe careful not to overcook it Taste and adjust the seasoning as needed.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the tagliatelle and cook for about 2 minutes. Remove the pasta from the water and add it directly to the sauce along with about 2 tablespoons of the pasta water, some more oregano, some grated parm and a drizzle of big fat finishing oil. Gently toss to combine.nPlate and garnish with more grated parm., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, Pinch red chile flakes, 3 Roma tomatoes, diced, 4 sprigs fresh oregano, leaves chopped, some reserved for garnish, Kosher salt, 14 cup white wine, 1 12 pounds squid, cleaned, skin removed, bodies cut into 14inch rings, tentacles reserved for another use, 1 recipe Chef Annes AllPurpose Pasta Dough with Squid Ink, see recipe, rolled into pasta sheets and hand cut into tagliatelle, Grated parm, for sprinkling, Big fat finishing oil, for drizzling], title: Squid Ink Tagliatelle with Squid and White WineTomato Sauce, picturelink: 2dUTmC69ZMsjPdE6dyvTzON0nnCL5K}, 59452: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease, then line a 13 by 18inch jellyroll pan with parchment or waxed paper. Let the paper come up the long sides by about 2 inches  this will make it easier to form the roll. Brush paper with oil or butter, dust with flour, tap out excess.nCake: Whisk together 1 12 cups flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, cloves, salt, ginger and cardamom together in a medium bowl. In another bowl, combine sweet potato, buttermilk, and vanilla until smooth.nBeat butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer on high speed until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Reduce to low add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Add flour mixture in 3 parts, alternating with the wet mixture in 2 parts, beginning and ending with flour. Beat until just blended. If needed, fold batter together with a rubber spatula.nSpread batter evenly in prepared pan. Bake until cake springs back when pressed lightly, about 15 minutes.nRun knife around cake edge, and invert cake onto a cotton tea towel 100 percent cotton works best and keeps the cake from sticking generously dusted with confectioners sugar. Carefully pull back parchment paper to release, and then place it back on top of the cake. Gently roll up the cake and towel together, starting from the narrow end to make a fat roll.nMeanwhile for the filling, whip cream and confectioners sugar to soft peaks. Fold in crystallized ginger.nCarefully unroll the cake and remove the towel. Drizzle caramel over the cake. Spread gingered cream evenly over the cake. Using the short edge of parchment as guide, roll the cake up into a fat, loose cylinder. Transfer to a long platter. Dust with more confectioners sugar and cinnamon in a Halloween pattern if desired. Serve, now or refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting pan, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground cardamom, 2 2 12ounce jars sweet potato baby food about 12 cup, 13 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 1 12 cups heavy whipping cream, 1 tablespoon confectioners sugar, 13 cup thinly sliced or chopped crystallized ginger, 14 cup caramel sauce, Ground cinnamon, for dusting, optional], title: Spiced Caramel Roulade with Ginger Cream, picturelink: fxUSlxRAyIIptcggcpOLtFMMIVdDgCK}, 59453: {instructions: Mix the vodka and Galliano, add a splash of lime juice, orange juice and shake. Garnish with orange slice., ingredients: [Peconika Vodka, Galliano 13 Galliano to 23 vodka, Splash lime juice, Orange juice], title: The BTini Bs Vodka Martini, picturelink: null}, 59454: {instructions: Combine white sugar, brown sugar, butter, water, molasses and cinnamon in 3 quart saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring gently until sugar dissolves. Cover and cook over medium heat 2 to 3 minutes. Wash down sugar crystals from side of pan. Uncover and cook to hard crack stage at 300 degrees. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla and maple extract. Pour into 15 by 10 by 1inch greased jelly roll pan, quickly spreading mixture to edges of pan. Sprinkle 1 14 cups chocolate morsels over hot toffee. Let stand 1 minute or until chocolate begins to melt. Spread chocolate evenly over candy. Sprinkle with 1 cup chopped pecans and 12 cup toffee bits and let stand until set. Place remaining 1 14 cups chocolate morsels in top of double boiler. Bring water to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook until chocolate melts. Remove from heat. Run a knife around the edge of toffee in jelly roll pan. Carefully invert coffee onto waxed paper lined baking sheet. Spread melted chocolate over uncoated side of toffee. Sprinkle with remaining 1 cup chopped pecans and 12 cup toffee bits. Let stand until set. Break into pieces., ingredients: [1 cup white sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 1 cup butter, 14 cup water, 1 12 tablespoons molasses, 14 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon maple extract, 2 12 cups milk chocolate morsels, divided, 2 cups toasted pecans, chopped, divided, 1 cup milk chocolate toffee bits, divided], title: Chocolate Molasses Maple Toffee, picturelink: null}, 59455: {instructions: Drain and rinse chickpeas and put them into a saucepan. Cover with cold water by 2 inches. Add salt and pepper, to taste, smashed garlic cloves and the bay leaves and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer beans until tender, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Drain, reserving about 1 cup of the cooking liquid. Remove the bay leaves and discard.nPut cooked chickpeas into a food processor or blender. Add the olive oil, lemon juice and zest, whole garlic, and salt and pepper, to taste. Process until smooth add some of the reserved cooking liquid to thin if, needed. Serve as a base to grilled marinated lamb or put into a serving dish and garnish with a drizzle of olive oil and the parsley., ingredients: [1 cup dried chickpeas, soaked overnight, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, 2 smashed and 2 left whole without paper, 1 to 2 bay leaves, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more as needed, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Lemony Chickpea Puree, picturelink: null}, 59456: {instructions: Put the water, parsnip, carrots, celery and onion in a stockpot and bring to a boil. Stir in the butter, salt and pepper, and lower the heat to medium. Cover and simmer for 40 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and strain the stock through a sieve., ingredients: [2 cups water, 2 carrots, peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces, 1 parsnip, peeled and cut into 1 inch pieces, 6 celery stalks, cut into 1 inch pieces, 12 large onion or 1 medium onion, quartered, 14 stick 1 oz. butter or margarine, or 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 rutabaga, peeled and diced, 1 turnip, peeled and diced], title: Super Stock, picturelink: null}, 59457: {instructions: Rinse quinoa in a fine sieve. Place in a pot with the water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat immediately to low simmer and cook for 25 minutes. In a separate pan, saute onions in 2 tablespoons of the butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil. When onions are soft and translucent, add the wine and cook until reduced and onions caramelize. Slice roasted chile peppers into 14inch strips. In a separate pan, warm 14cup olive oil and remaining 2 tablespoons butter, add cooked quinoa, tamari or soy sauce and parsley and continue to stir until all ingredients are fully incorporated. Place in serving dish, top with caramelized onions and chile pepper strips., ingredients: [1 12 cups quinoa, 1 12 cups water, 2 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons butter, plus 2 tablespoons, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 14 cup, 12 cup white wine, 2 to 3 Anaheim or Big Jim chile peppers depending on heat preference, roasted and seeded, 2 tablespoons tamari or soy sauce, 12 cup chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Colorado Quinoa with Caramelized Onions, picturelink: null}, 59458: {instructions: Filling:nTo make the dough: Whisk together the flour, ajawain, if using, and the salt. Add the oil and, using your hands, rub it into the flour mixture until fully incorporated. While stirring with a wooden spoon, gradually add the water, until a dough is formed. Transfer the dough to a work surface and knead until soft and pliable, about 3 minutes. Rub a little oil over the dough and cover with a damp towel. Let the dough rest at room temperature for 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the filling: Put the potatoes in a medium saucepan, cover with cold tap water by about 2 inches, and season with salt. Bring to a boil, lower the heat, and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside to cool slightly. Using a fork, slightly smash the potatoes.nMeanwhile, in a small food processor minichopper, combine the onion, ginger, garlic, chile, and 1 tablespoon water and puree to a paste.nHeat the ghee in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mustard, cumin, and fennel seeds and cook, stirring constantly, until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the onion paste, salt, garam masala, and turmeric and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 4 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook, stirring and mashing lightly with a wooden spoon, until hot, about 2 minutes. Stir in the peas. Remove from the heat and stir in the lemon juice and remaining 2 tablespoons water.nTo form the samosas: Divide the dough into 7 portions. Using your hands, roll each portion into a small ball. On a floured work surface, using rolling pin, roll each ball into a 7inch wide disc. Cut each disc in half.nSet a small bowl of water beside you. Working with one dough semicircle at a time, fold half of the straight edge up to the rounded side and wet its outside edge with a little water. Fold the other half up to form a cone, overlapping it with the other side by 14 inch. Press the edges together to form a seal. Hold the cone in one hand and fill it with about 14 cup of the potato filling. Slightly wet the inside of the rounded edge and fold it over the filling to enclose it. Press the edges together to seal. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling to make 14 samosas.nThere are two choices at this point. For samosas with a slightly blistered and bubbly crust, store them uncovered in the refrigerator overnight and fry them the next day the dough becomes soft and moist, creating small puffs in the dough when fried or continue to the next step and fry them right away for an equally good but smooth crust.nIn a large, wide heavybottomed pot, pour in the oil to a depth of about 2 inches. Place over medium heat, and heat until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 365 degrees F.nWorking in small batches, fry the samosas until golden brown and crispy, about 5 minutes. Using tongs, transfer to a paper towellined baking sheet to drain. Serve immediately with tamarind sauce or your favorite chutney.nGhee:nMelt the butter in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Lower the heat and simmer until all of the water has evaporated and the white milk solids have browned in the bottom of the saucepan, about 8 minutes.nPour the ghee into a large container, leaving the browned milk solids in the pan. Use now or store in the refrigerator for up to 1 week.nYield: about 2 cups, ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 14 teaspoon ajawain optional available at South Asian or specialty spice markets, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons vegetable oil, plus more as needed, 5 tablespoons cold water, 4 russet potatoes about 2 pounds, peeled and cut into 1inch pieces, Kosher salt, as needed, plus 1 tablespoon, 12 medium yellow onion, One 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 4 cloves garlic, 1 serrano chile with seeds, stemmed, 3 tablespoons water, 3 tablespoons ghee or oil, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds available at South Asian or specialty spice markets, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 12 teaspoons garam masala See Cooks Note., 2 teaspoons ground turmeric, 12 cup cooked peas, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Serving suggestion: Tamarind sauce or your favorite chutney, 1 pound unsalted butter], title: Aloo Samosas, picturelink: null}, 59459: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 250 degrees.nIn a bowl, combine all dry ingredients and mix well. Place each slab of baby back ribs on a piece of heavyduty aluminum foil, shiny side down. Sprinkle each side generously with the dry rub. Pat the dry rub into the meat. Refrigerate the ribs for a minimum of 1 hour. In a microwavable container, combine all ingredients for the braising liquid. Microwave on high for 1 minute.nPlace the ribs on a baking sheet. Open one end of the foil on each slab and pour half of the braising liquid into each foil packet. Tilt the baking sheet in order to equally distribute the braising liquid. Braise the ribs in the oven for 2 12 hours.nTransfer the braising liquid into a medium saucepot. Bring the liquid to a simmer and reduce by half or until of a thick syrup consistency. Brush the glaze onto the ribs. Place under the broiler just until the glaze caramelizes lightly. Slice each slab into 2 rib bone portions. Place the remaining hot glaze into a bowl and toss the rib portions in the glaze., ingredients: [2 whole slabs pork baby back ribs, 8 tablespoons light brown sugar, tightly packed, 3 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 teaspoon jalapeno seasoning, 12 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, 12 teaspoon rubbed thyme, 12 teaspoon onion powder, 1 cup white wine, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cloves garlic, chopped], title: Who Loves Ya BabyBack, picturelink: GYXeeYOblLM08I5PYW2W8DAskWa7mXi}, 59460: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a large bowl add the peaches, bourbon, 14 cup sugar, cornstarch, and cinnamon and mix well to coat the peaches evenly set aside.nPrepare the dumplings: Into food processor add the flour, 12 cup sugar, baking powder, and salt. Cut 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks butter into small pieces. Add it to the flour mixture and pulse until the mixture looks like wet sand. Mix just until the dough comes together. Dont overwork the dough should be slightly sticky but manageable.nIn a 10inch cast iron skillet over mediumlow heat, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter. Add the peaches and cook gently until heated through, about 5 minutes. Drop the dough by tablespoonfuls over the warm peaches. There can be gaps, the dough will puff up and spread out as it bakes. Brush the top with some heavy cream and sprinkle with some sugar put it into the oven on a baking sheet to catch any drips. Cook for 40 to 45 minutes until the top is browned and the fruit is bubbling., ingredients: [8 peaches, peeled and sliced, about 6 to 8 cups, 14 cup bourbon, 34 cup sugar, divided, plus more for dusting, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks cold unsalted butter, plus 2 tablespoons for skillet, Heavy cream, plus more for brushing], title: Bourbon Peach Cobbler, picturelink: CSIV3GyDJTI6lsHyWCHG7qKEcXcWD6S}, 59461: {instructions: Bring a saucepan of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add shrimp and cook until they just turn pink, about 1 12 minutes, then transfer to an ice bath. When cool enough to handle, chop roughly and put in a large plastic bag with scallops. In a small bowl, whisk lime juice, lemon juice, sugar and salt together until the salt is dissolved. Stir in jalapenos, cilantro, and red onion to combine, then add the mixture to the bag with the scallops and shrimp. Put the bag in the refrigerator to marinate for at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined, 12 pound sea scallops, muscle removed and finely chopped in 14inch dice, 12 cup fresh lime juice, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 jalapeno, seeded and sliced, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced], title: Red Hook Ceviche, picturelink: null}, 59462: {instructions: Drain yogurt for 1 hour in a cheeseclothlined strainer to remove some of its water. In a bowl, combine the yogurt, garlic and 12 teaspoon salt. Sprinkle the remaining 12 teaspoon salt over the grated cucumber and drain, 10 to15 minutes, to extract excess water. Add drained cucumber to yogurt, along with pepper, and mix well. Cover and refrigerate until chilled, about 1 hour. Drizzle with olive oil and garnish with mint leaves. Serve with pita triangles or grilled fish., ingredients: [2 cups plain full fat yogurt highquality, without gums and thickeners, 2 teaspoons pureed very fresh garlic, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 2 cucumbers, peeled, seeded and grated on large holes of grater, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, Fresh mint leaves, for garnish], title: Tzaziki, picturelink: null}, 59463: {instructions: Cut Spam into 10 slices. Fry until slightly crispy. Remove and drain on plate lined with paper towels. In another pan, combine soy sauce, mirin and sugar. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce to low. Add Spam slices, coating them in the mixture. When mixture has thickened, remove Spam from pan.nLay a sheet of nori lengthwise on a clean surface. Moisten lower half of musubi maker see Note, and place on lower third of nori. Fill musubi maker with rice and press flat until the rice is 34inch high. Sprinkle rice with furikake. Top with slice of Spam. Remove musubi maker and keep in a bowl of warm water to keep it clean and moist.nStarting at the end towards you, fold nori over Spam and rice stack, and keep rolling until completely wrapped in the nori. Slightly dampen the end of the nori to seal it. Repeat with the other nine Spam slices, making sure to rinse off musubi maker after each use to prevent it from getting too sticky., ingredients: [5 cups cooked sushi rice, room temperature, 5 sheets nori, cut in half lengthwise, 1 12 oz. can Spam, 6 tbsp soy sauce, 4 tbsp mirin, 4 tbsp sugar, Furikake, to taste], title: Spam Musubi, picturelink: null}, 59464: {instructions: To make the aspic: Heat consomme, add bloomed gelatin. Let cool slightly but not enough to set. Lay a slice of leek inside a 3inch ring mold. Assemble the chartreux by using one layer of meat, pour on a thin layer of consomme, and then a layer of vegetables, continuing to the top of the mold. Chill down in refrigerator until the gelatin sets. Repeat with 3 more molds.nTo make the vinaigrette: In a small skillet, sear the poached sweetbread pearls in the butter. Put aside and keep warm.nIn another skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil and sweat the black trumpets until softened but not browned. Add the vinegar, scraping the pan to deglaze any drippings, and then add the sparkling wine, the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil, and the vegetable brunoise. Just before serving, add the warm sweetbreads.nToss the microgreens with a little vinaigrette. Put the chartreux in the middle of the plate, drizzle some of the warm vinaigrette around, and garnish with a little bouquet of the salad., ingredients: [3 ounces veal consomme, 2 sheets gelatin, bloomed, Leek greens, for assembly, 6 ounces slowsimmered veal top round, sliced very thinly, 5 ounces root vegetables, such as carrot, celeriac, and kohlrabi, sliced thinly and blanched, 3 ounces poached and cleaned sweetbreads, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons safflower oil, 2 ounces black trumpet mushrooms, 1 tablespoon Champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon vegetable brunoise 18inch cubes, 2 tablespoons Napa Valley Blanc de Blanc sparkling wine, Serve with: Bouquet of microgreens], title: Aspic of SlowSimmered Veal with Crisp Sweetbreads and Black Trumpet Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 59465: {instructions: 1. Preheat a grill over mediumhigh heat and lightly oil the grates with vegetable oil. Toss the garlic, onions, poblanos and bell peppers with the olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper and spread onto a 20inchlong piece of heavyduty aluminum foil. Bring the 2 sides together and fold over twice to seal. Bring the ends of the foil in and up and seal. Set aside.n2. Stack the tortillas and wrap in a piece of heavyduty aluminum foil. Set aside.n3. Toss the pieces of skirt steak with the lime juice in a medium bowl and then sprinkle with the cumin, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper.n4. Place the steak and the vegetable packet on the grill. Cook the steak, flipping once, until the meat is cooked to medium, 7 to 10 minutes depending on the thickness. Cook the vegetable packet, flipping over once, until the vegetables are soft and lightly charred, about 12 minutes.n5. Transfer the steak to a cutting board to rest for 5 minutes. While the steak is resting, place the tortilla packet on the grill and cook, flipping once, until just warmed and pliable, 4 to 5 minutes.n6. Thinly slice the steak and place on a large platter. Open the vegetable foil packet being careful of steam, toss with the chopped cilantro and place next to the steak on the serving platter. Place the lime wedges, whole cilantro leaves, sour cream and pickled jalapenos on the side for topping the fajitas. Serve with the warm tortillas., ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for grilling, 3 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, 1 poblano pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 corn or small flour tortillas, 1 12 pounds skirt steak, cut into four 5to6inch pieces, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, plus wedges for serving, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground coriander, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped, plus whole leaves for serving, Sour cream, for serving, Pickled jalapenos, for serving], title: Grilled Beef Fajitas, picturelink: null}, 59466: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a large Dutch oven over high heat. Season the beef with salt and pepper, and saute until browned on all sides. Transfer the meat to a plate and remove all but 3 tablespoons of the fat from the pan.nAdd the onions to the pan and cook until soft. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes. Add the ancho powder, pasilla powder, and cumin and cook an additional 2 minutes. Add the beer and cook until completely reduced. Return the beef to the pot, add the chicken stock, tomatoes, chipotle puree, and honey, and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium, cover the pan, and simmer for 45 minutes. Add the beans and continue cooking for 15 minutes. Remove from the heat, add the lime juice, and adjust seasonings.nServe with a dollop of Toasted Cumin Crema and Avocado Relish.nPlace the cumin in a small saute pan over medium heat. Toast until lightly golden brown. Place in a small bowl. Stir in the crema and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Place in a squeeze bottle.nCombine all ingredients in a small bowl and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 pounds beef, cut into 12inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 large red onion, finely diced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons ancho chili powder, 1 tablespoon pasilla chili powder, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 bottle dark beer, 5 cups homemade chicken stock, or canned lowsodium or water, 1 16ounce can chopped tomatoes, drained and pureed, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cups cooked or canned black beans, rinsed and drained, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Toasted Cumin Crema, recipe follows, Avocado Relish, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon cumin seed, 1 cup Mexican crema or creme fraiche, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 ripe Hass avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 12 small red onion, finely diced, 1 jalapeno or serrano chile, finely diced, Lime juice, Chopped cilantro leaves, Salt and pepper], title: Beef and Black Bean Chili with Toasted Cumin Crema and Avocado Relish, picturelink: F1eAxtg2PpSZVyFI5g5JqK4Tt.pfG}, 59467: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPut a large, heavy cast iron or ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add a 2count drizzle of oil and get it smoking hot. Put the tenderloin in the skillet and sear the outside of the meat all over, 5 to 8 minutes total. Put it in the oven and roast 15 to 20 minutes until rare the internal temperature of the meat will be 120 degrees F. Take the meat out of the pan, wrap it in plastic, and refrigerate until it gets until good and cold, 1 to 2 hours.nWhile you wait for the beef to chill, stir the horseradish, sour cream, lemon juice and oil together in a bowl. Season with salt and pepper.nWhen the beef is cold, take a long, very sharp knife, and cut the meat into slices as thin as you can make them. Lay them out on a platter theyll overlap u2013 thats fine. Now drizzle the horseradish sauce all over the meat. Hand crush the tomatoes in a bowl and add olive oil to make them saucy season that with salt and pepper too so that it tastes really good. Drizzle the tomato mixture over the top and garnish the whole thing with watercress., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds beef tenderloin, 12 cup grated prepared horseradish, 1 cup sour cream, 1 lemon, juiced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and fresh ground black pepper, 1 pint grape tomatoes, halved, 14 cup olive oil, Watercress sprigs, for garnish], title: Fillet with Crushed Grape Tomatoes and Horseradish, picturelink: null}, 59468: {instructions: Begin by charring the poblano chile peppers. Using tongs, place the peppers directly over an open flame on the stove top. Char all over, about 2 minutes per side, and then place in a bowl covered tightly with plastic wrap so they sweat. Leave to sit for 5 minutes, and then use a paper towel to remove the charred outer layer. Discard the stem and seeds, and then dice the peppers.nSet a large Dutch oven over high heat and add the butter and olive oil. Add the turkey, onions and garlic and cook, breaking up into small pieces, until lightly browned, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the flour and season with the cumin, onion powder, paprika and some salt and pepper. The flour will form a roux with the fat in the pan. Cook for 2 minutes while stirring, and then add the chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Add the heavy cream and bring back to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium and fold in diced chile peppers and corn. Simmer until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon, stirring occasionally, 15 to 20 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cook the pasta in a pot of boiling, salted water until al dente, about 12 minutes.nFold the pasta into the turkey sauce and season with salt and pepper, stirring until thoroughly combined. Transfer to a 9by13inch baking dish.nIn a large mixing bowl, prepare the topping by combining the panko, ParmigianoReggiano, olive oil and garlic. Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine everything well. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs evenly on top of the pasta. Place the whole dish on a sheet tray to catch any spill over and place in the oven to bake until the breadcrumbs are golden and the sauce is bubbly around the edges, about 35 minutes.nFor garnishes, stir the lime zest together with creme fraiche. Dice the tomatoes and roughly chop the parsley., ingredients: [2 poblano chile peppers, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 pound ground turkey 8020 blend, 2 cups panko breadcrumbs, 34 cup finely grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup olive oil, 12 cup diced onion, 2 teaspoons minced fresh garlic, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon cumin, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and fresh cracked black pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken stock, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 cup frozen corn, thawed, 12 ounces penne rigate, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 lime, zested, 2 cups creme fraiche, 4 ripe Roma tomatoes, 14 bunch fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Turkey and Green Chile Al Forno, picturelink: null}, 59469: {instructions: Sprinkle 2 tablespoons grated sharp cheddar cheese across the middle of the dough see below fold the bottom third of the dough over the cheese, then sprinkle another 2 tablespoons cheddar over the folded part. Fold the top third of the dough over the cheese. Reroll, cut into strips and twist into pretzels. Brush with beaten egg and sprinkle with poppy seeds, sesame seeds, onion flakes and kosher salt bake., ingredients: [Photograph by Victor Schrager], title: Everything Pretzels, picturelink: null}, 59470: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a 9inch springform pan and pastry brushnPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Spray the inside of a 9inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray.nRoll out the pie crust, place into the prepared pan and prick the bottom with a fork. Fill the crust with chopped pecans. Transfer to the refrigerator until the filling is done.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the honey, dark brown sugar, eggs and egg yolks until smooth. Whisk in the beer and allow the foam to settle.nStir the melted butter into the flour in a separate bowl until smooth and lump free. Whisk the butter mixture into the sugar filling until well combined.nRemove the crust from the refrigerator and fill with the sugar mixture. Place the pie in the center of the oven and bake until the center is set, 50 to 55 minutes. It will still move a little but it wont roll in the pan. Remove from the oven and cool to room temperature before serving. Serve with the Caramel Sauce.nIn a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat, combine the sugar and 14 cup water. Add the lemon juice, and brush down the sides of the pot with a wet pastry brush to remove any sugar crystals from the sides of the pot. Bring to a boil. When the sugar starts to turn brown, after about 7 minutes, slowly pour in the cream, whisking constantly. The sauce will bubble dramatically so be careful. When the cream is incorporated, return to a boil, stirring constantly. Once it has returned to a boil, remove from the heat and whisk in the butter, stirring until melted.nServe immediately or cool completely and store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to one week., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 storebought refrigerated pie crust, 4 cups chopped pecans, 1 cup honey, 34 cup dark brown sugar, 3 whole large eggs plus 3 yolks, 1 cup stout beer or other dark beer, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoon allpurpose flour, Caramel Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: DeepDish Pecan Pie, picturelink: V.l.7JDpdKsGbjiy7dqgAJykuIbJSG2}, 59471: {instructions: Put the slices of veal between sheets of plastic wrap and pound with a flat mallet without breaking the tissues. Set aside. Combine the prosciutto and pork in a mixing bowl. Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small skillet and cook the onion, stirring, until it is wilted. Add this to the mixing bowl. Add the garlic, bread crumbs, nutmeg, pepper, lemon rind, egg and cheese. Blend well. Lay out the pieces of veal on a flat surface. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Spoon an equal portion of the filling on each slice. Wrap the meat around the filling, folding and tucking the ends in envelope fashion. Tie each roll neatly in 2 places with string. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Dredge the rolls all over in flour and shake off any excess. Select a heavy skillet large enough to hold the rolls in 1layer without crowding them. Melt the remaining 3 tablespoons of butter and, when it is quite hot but not browned, add the veal rolls. Cook, turning occasionally, until the are nicely browned all over, 3 or 4 minutes. Reduce the heat and continue cooking over moderately low heat for about 15 minutes. Add the wine and stir to dissolve the brown particles that cling to the bottom and sides of the pan. Add the chicken broth. Bring to the boil and let cook over high heat for about 5 minutes. Remove the strings and serve the veal rolls with the sauce spooned over., ingredients: [12 thin slices veal, about 112 pounds, cut as for scaloppine, 14 cup chopped prosciutto or cooked ham, 12 pound ground lean pork, 1 teaspoon plus 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 12 teaspoon finely minced garlic, 12 cup fine fresh bread crumbs, 18 teaspoon grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste, 12 teaspoon grated lemon rind, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Salt, to taste, 14 cup flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 1 cup fresh or canned chicken broth], title: Veal Rolls Stuffed with Prosciutto and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 59472: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, garlic powder and salt in a medium bowl.nStir in 1 12 cups of cream and the herbs and mix with a wooden spoon until the dough comes together. Remove the dough to the countertop and knead briefly until it is smooth and uniform in appearance. Pat the dough out to a 1inch thickness. Use a 2 12inch biscuit cutter dipped in flour to punch out dough rounds. Push the leftover dough together cut out more rounds. Arrange the biscuits on the parchment lined sheet tray.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the remaining 1 tablespoon of cream and the egg. Brush the tops of the biscuits with the egg wash and sprinkle with kosher salt. Put immediately into the oven and bake for 18 minutes. Transfer the biscuits from the oven to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves, 1 12 cups heavy cream, at room temperature, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 egg, Kosher salt], title: Ginas Herb Cream Biscuits, picturelink: ujixBml224o5pCTvQZzqPYHnq1wDlAS}, 59473: {instructions: Peel potatoes and cut into 2inch cubes. Place potatoes in large pot, cover with sugar, brown sugar and butter cook over medium heat until potatoes are fork tender about 20 minutes but not mushy., ingredients: [3 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, 2 sticks sweet butter, cubed], title: Keyshawns Moms Candied Yams, picturelink: null}, 59474: {instructions: In a large ball jar or other transporting container, mix together the tea, lemon juice, and grenadine. Pour over ice when ready to serve., ingredients: [4 cups iced tea homemade or storebought, 14 cup fresh lemon juice 1 to 2 lemons, 14 cup grenadine, Ice, for serving], title: Iced Tea with Grenadine, picturelink: 98AAX3efRVuED8YUTj6vMPJiA1PlUu}, 59475: {instructions: For the marinade: Soak the tenderized steaks in the buttermilk for 1 hour or up to overnight. This will help tenderize the meat. For the spiced milk gravy: Like any good gravy, we are starting out with a simple roux of equal parts butter and flour. Melt the butter in a medium saucepot over medium heat, then whisk in the flour. Cook the flour and butter until its a light blond color just enough to cook the raw taste out, about 2 minutes, and then whisk in the broth and milk. Bring the gravy to a simmer and cook until thickened, 2 to 3 minutes. Add in the Worcestershire sauce, peppercorns, brine, hot sauce and salt to taste and bring back to a simmer. Check for seasoning and set aside until ready to use. For the chickenfried steaks: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F. Add the flour, salt, black pepper, garlic powder, baking soda, cayenne and onion powder to a shallow baking dish. Remove the steaks from the buttermilk and place each steak in the flour mixture, coating all of the sides and shaking off the excess. Next, dip the steaks back into the buttermilk, coating them on all sides and allowing the excess to drip off. Return to the flour mixture once again, shaking off the excess. Reserve the flour mixture for dredging the steak a third time for an extracrispy crust after resting. Let the steaks sit on a wire rack in the fridge 30 minutes this will help the coating to really adhere to the chickenfried steak. Then redredge in the seasoned flour just before frying. Heat 1inch vegetable oil in large castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat to 350 degrees F. Working in batches of two at a time, place the steaks in the hot oil and fry until golden brown, using tongs to turn once, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to a wire rack set over a baking sheet and place in the oven to keep warm. Repeat the process with all the steaks. Transfer the chickenfried steaks to individual plates. Spoon the Spiced Milk Gravy over the steak and serve immediately., ingredients: [Eight 4ounce 14inchthick eye of round steaks, needled or pounded and tenderized, 1 cup buttermilk, 3 tablespoons butter, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons smashed brined peppercorns, 1 teaspoon brining liquid from the peppercorns, 2 dashes hot sauce, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons freshly cracked black pepper, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon onion powder, Vegetable oil, for frying], title: ChickenFried Steak with Spiced Milk Gravy, picturelink: S2tk1tOwVT8HFEnkszIE56LBY0ulFca}, 59476: {instructions: In a medium mixing bowl, combine the lemon juice, mayonnaise, buttermilk, sour cream, garlic powder and onion powder. Whisk the mixture together until smooth. Add the cheese and mix just until blended. Chill in an airtight container in the refrigerator at least 2 hours before serving.nCore and quarter each head of lettuce. Serve a generous dollop of dressing over each lettuce wedge and top with the bacon and tomato. Season with pepper.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [Juice of 1 large lemon, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 cup buttermilk, 12 cup sour cream, 1 12 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 6 ounces blue cheese, crumbled about 1 12 cups, 2 heads iceberg lettuce, 10 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled, 1 medium tomato, finely diced, Freshly ground pepper], title: Lettuce Wedges With Blue Cheese Dressing, picturelink: rkgLy1WBMWhnpRdXdmbyASq19sLqsZW}, 59477: {instructions: In a large saucepan, combine the sugar, honey, and 2 cups water and place over mediumhigh heat. Cut the vanilla bean in 12 lengthwise, then, using the back of the knife, scrape the vanilla seeds from the pod and add to the saucepan, along with the pod. Bring the mixture to a boil and cook for 4 or 5 minutes, until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture thickens. Remove from the heat and allow to cool.nPut the lemon juice into a gallon jug or pitcher. Pour the sugar syrup through a strainer into the pitcher and discard the pod. Add water to equal 1 gallon and stir well.nServe over ice with lemon wheels or wedges., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 12 cup honey, 2 cups water, plus more as needed, 1 vanilla bean, 2 12 cups freshly squeezed lemon juice from about 24 lemons, Lemon wheels or wedges, for garnish], title: HoneyVanilla Lemonade, picturelink: IUXvC3PnS8niRwIPT..zvYnYwXKES}, 59478: {instructions: Special equipment: Special equipment: pasta rolling machine or pasta rolling attachment for a stand mixernPlace the cake flour, allpurpose flour, egg yolks and salt in a food processor. Pulse to combine. With the machine running, gradually add the oil then 13 to 12 cup water until the mixture forms a dough the dough should stick together if pinched between your fingers. If necessary, add additional water, 1 teaspoon at a time if the dough is too dry.nPlace the dough on a lightly floured surface. Gather the dough into a ball and knead until the dough is smooth, 5 to 8 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nCut the dough into quarters and press flat. Run each piece of pasta dough several times through a pastarolling machine, adjusting the setting each time, until the pasta is about 18 to 116inch thick. Cut the pasta into the desired shape and use as needed., ingredients: [2 cups cake flour, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus extra for dusting, 4 large egg yolks, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Fresh Pasta, picturelink: h305rOfyicIGp3TFVo7DVi9w7MFvfT6}, 59479: {instructions: Use a 3inch cookie cutter to cut a shape out of the bread. Melt the butter in a griddle or frying pan. Place the bread in the pan and break an egg into the hole. Lay the cutout shape in the pan wherever it will fit and toast until golden brown. Sprinkle the egg with salt and pepper.nWhen the egg is cooked on the bottom and before the bread becomes too brown, flip the egg nest to toast the other side and finish cooking the egg, about 1 minute. Serve with toasted shape., ingredients: [1 slice bread, 1 teaspoon butter or margarine, 1 egg, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Eggs in a Nest, picturelink: null}, 59480: {instructions: Begin in a bowl by combining the garlic, cumin, oregano, achiote and orange juice mix well to form a paste. Then score striped bass on both sides and rub the marinade or paste on both sides of the fish. Season with salt and pepper and set aside to rest for 20 minutes. In a bowl combine bell peppers, onion, jalapeno, tomatoes and olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place this mixture in side the cavity of the bass. On hot grill Lay down 1 piece of the banana leaf and then place fish on top of it and then place the other piece of banana leaf on top of it and cook on top of the grill for 15 minutes. Serve whole with corn tortillas., ingredients: [4 large cloves garlic, chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon Mexican oregano, 1 teaspoon achiote paste or ground annatto, 12 cup Seville orange juice, 1 2 to 4 pound wild striped bass, scaled and gutted, 1 red bell pepper, julienned, 1 yellow bell pepper, julienned, 1 Spanish onion, sliced thinly, 1 jalapeno, sliced thinly, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 12 cup olive oil, 2 large pieces banana leaves, Corn tortillas], title: Mero en Ma Cum Striped Bass in Achiote and Sour Orange Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59481: {instructions: To prepare the greens: cut away the tough stalks and stems from the collards, and discard any leaves that are bruised or yellow. Wash the collards thoroughly to remove the grit, 2 or 3 times, until the water runs clear. Dry thoroughly. Tear the leaves into large pieces.nPlace a large pot over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the onion, garlic, bay leaves, and ham hock. Cook until the onions are soft and starting to brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Pack in the greens, pushing them down into the pot. Add the broth, vinegar, and sugar. Bring up to a boil turning the greens over occasionally with a wooden spoon as they wilt. Lower to a simmer, cover the pot, and let cook for 45 minutes. Taste the pot liquor broth and check the seasoning, add salt and pepper. Cover and let cook for 15 more minutes. Remove the bay leaves and serve., ingredients: [2 large bunches collard greens, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, sliced, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 2 bay leaves, 1 smoked ham hock, 2 quarts chicken broth, warm, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: SlowCooked Collard Greens, picturelink: voQbjYFXqcIfPtGRxMqEAlC9YgUoZc6}, 59482: {instructions: Heat 2 to 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the popcorn kernels, cover the pot, and cook until popped, shaking the pot occasionally, 4 to 5 minutes. Turn off the heat and drizzle the popcorn with the remaining olive oil while stirring. Season with salt and then give one final stir. Transfer to a serving bowl., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup popcorn kernels, Kosher salt], title: Olive Oil Popcorn, picturelink: 7vPur44XNcC74KPc8QH7cY5tlM47u26}, 59483: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nFilling: In a medium saucepan, bring the chicken broth and cumin to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the couscous. Cover the pan until the couscous is tender and all of the liquid has been absorbed, about 5 to 6 minutes. Put the couscous in a large bowl and add the beans, currants, spinach, feta and 14 cup olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Stir until all the ingredients are combined.nSlice the tops off the peppers and remove all the ribs and seeds. If necessary, cut a very thin slice from the base to help the peppers stand up. Stuff the peppers with the filling and drizzle the tops with olive oil. Put the peppers in an 8 by 8inch square baking dish. Fill the baking dish with 34inch hot water and bake until the filling is golden and the peppers are cooked through, about 55 to 60 minutes. CooksnSauce: In a blender, combine the basil, creme fraiche, olive oil, water, garlic, lemon juice, sugar, salt, and pepper. Blend until smooth. Adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper, to taste.nRemove the peppers from the oven and arrange on serving plates. Spoon the sauce around the peppers and serve., ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 34 cup couscous, 1 cup canned garbanzo beans, rinsed and drained, 14 cup dried currants, 1 packed cup chopped baby spinach leaves, 12 cup 4 ounces crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium red bell peppers, 1 medium yellow bell pepper, 1 medium orange bell pepper, Hot water, as needed, 1 packed cup fresh basil leaves, 12 cup about 4 ounces creme fraiche, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon water, 1 garlic clove, coarsely chopped, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, plus extra, as needed, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus extra, as needed], title: CouscousStuffed Peppers with Basil Sauce, picturelink: CrA.rjCYLiQgkjkzJc95YicBxDzyhJO}, 59484: {instructions: Mix cranberry juice, orange juice, vodka, and Campari in a cocktail shaker with ice. Squeeze in lemon juice and strain into 4 glasses filled with ice., ingredients: [8 ounces cranberry juice, 4 ounces orange juice, 4 ounces berryflavored vodka, 2 ounces Campari, Crushed ice, 1 squeeze lemon juice], title: Queen of Hearts Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 59485: {instructions: Combine mushrooms, shallots, parsley, lemon juice, vinegar and thyme leaves and season them with salt and pepper. Let stand 15 minutes. Combine with shredded romaine and dress with evoo. Adjust seasonings and divide among 2 plates., ingredients: [4 crimini mushroom caps, very thinly sliced, 6 shiitake mushrooms, very thinly sliced, 12 cup oyster mushrooms, very thinly sliced, 1 shallot, very thinly sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, chopped  a handful, 12 lemon, juiced, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar  a sprinkle, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 5 or 6 sprigs, Salt and pepper, 12 heart romaine lettuce, shredded, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it], title: Wild About You Salad: Wild Mushroom Salad with Thyme and Heart of Romaine, picturelink: Vby08O9wj3JNx2bReBzkWCzTCn1YBD.}, 59486: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine the cornmeal, sugar, baking powder, cayenne, coriander, salt, pepper and baking soda in a large bowl.nMelt 8 tablespoons butter in a 10inch castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat, then pour into a small bowl and set aside. Return the skillet to mediumhigh heat, add another tablespoon of butter and once it melts, add the poblano pepper and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until it is softened and light brown, about 1 minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and transfer the peppergarlic mixture to another small bowl.nWhisk together the buttermilk, eggs and the reserved 8 tablespoons of melted butter. Pour the buttermilk mixture into the cornbread mixture and stir until smooth. Separate and reserve a few pieces of poblano from the peppergarlic mixture, then mix the remaining peppergarlic mixture into the batter.nAdd the remaining tablespoon of butter to the skillet and melt, swirling to coat if your pan has cooled a bit, warm it up over low heat. Turn off the heat and pour the cornbread batter into the skillet. Top with the reserved pieces of poblano and bake until the center bounces back when gently pressed with a finger, about 20 minutes. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 cups stoneground cornmeal, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 10 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 poblano chili pepper, stemmed, seeded and sliced thinly, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 large eggs], title: Spicy Cornbread, picturelink: null}, 59487: {instructions: Bring the juice to a simmer in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and reduce by half. Add the cream and cook until reduced enough to coat the back of a spoon, about 8 minutes.nHeat the butter in a skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, thyme, garlic, and sherry and cook, stirring occasionally, until tender and almost dry, about 6 minutesnCombine the mushrooms with reduced gravy and season with salt and pepper. Reheat, if necessary, and stir in the vinegar. Transfer to a gravy boat and keep warm until serving., ingredients: [2 cups defatted turkey juices from turkey roasting pan or homemade turkey or chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 10 ounces shiitake mushrooms, rinsed, stemmed and sliced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 clove garlic, minced, 14 cup dry sherry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon red wine vinegar], title: Wild Mushroom Turkey Gravy, picturelink: null}, 59488: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine 12 cup of sugar with the flour and sift together 4 times. Set aside.nPlace the egg whites, salt, and cream of tartar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a whisk attachment and beat on high speed until the eggs make mediumfirm peaks, about 1 minute. With the mixer on medium speed, add the remaining 1 12 cups of sugar by sprinkling it over the beaten egg whites. Whisk for a few minutes until thick and shiny. Whisk in the vanilla and lemon zest and continue to whisk until very thick, about 1 more minute. Sift about 14 of the flour mixture over the egg whites and fold it into the batter with a rubber spatula. Continue adding the flour by fourths by sifting and folding until its all incorporated.nPour the batter into an ungreased 10inch tube pan, smooth the top, and bake it for 35 to 40 minutes, until it springs back to the touch. Remove the cake from the oven and invert the pan on a cooling rack until cool., ingredients: [2 cups sifted superfine sugar, divided, 1 13 cups sifted cake flour not selfrising, 1 12 cups egg whites, at room temperature 10 to 12 eggs, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons cream of tartar, 34 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 12 teaspoons grated lemon zest 2 lemons], title: Lemon Angel Food Cake, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 59489: {instructions: In a blender, combine frozen raspberries, lemon juice, tequila, Gran Marnier, Chambord and ice and blend until smooth. Pour sugar onto a small plate. Wet the rim of 4 margarita glasses. Dip the rim in the sugar. Pour the raspberry margaritas into the prepared glasses., ingredients: [4 cups frozen raspberries, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 6 ounces tequila, 2 ounces Gran Marnier, 3 ounces Chambord, 2 cups ice, Whole, fresh raspberries, for garnish, 1 cup sugar, for glasses], title: Raspberry Margaritas, picturelink: null}, 59490: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Add onions and paprika cook until caramelized. Add tomato and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Let sauce cool. Puree in a blender until smooth. Add hot sauce and set aside. Clean sea scallops by removing the small muscle attached. Peel the ripe mango and cut into 12inch cubes. Place one piece of mango and one scallop on skewer. Season with salt and pepper. Lightly coat ingredients with oil and grill until scallop is medium rare. Garnish with sauce and fresh cilantro., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, plus some for grilling, 1 large Spanish onion, peeled and chopped, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 vine ripe tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and chopped, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, Jamaican style, 12 pound dry sea scallops, 1 ripe mango, 4 medium size wood skewers, soaked in water, 1 bunch fresh cilantro], title: Scallop Mango Brochettes, picturelink: null}, 59491: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Peel the beets and cut them into 1inch chunks. Toss the beets together with the coriander seeds, bay leaf, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon salt and 14 cup water in a square baking dish. Cover with aluminum foil and roast until the beets are very tender when pierced with a knife, about 45 minutes. Remove the foil and let cool about 10 minutes. Turn the oven down to 325 degrees F.nSpread the sesame seeds in a small ovenproof skillet or baking sheet and put in the oven to toast until fragrant, about 6 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool.nRemove the bay leaf from the beets and discard. Transfer the beets and coriander seeds to the bowl of a food processor and pulse until fine and crumbly. Add the prepared hummus and continue to process until smooth and light, scraping down the bowl as necessary, about 5 minutes.nScrape the beet hummus out into a medium serving bowl. Stir the labneh or yogurt vigorously in a small bowl with a spoon until it is creamy and loosened. Drop a dollop of the labneh or yogurt in the center and gently make an indentation in the center with the back of a spoon. Drizzle the remaining tablespoon olive oil into the indentation and let it spill over onto the beet hummus. Sprinkle with the black sesame seeds and some cilantro leaves. Serve with warm pita triangles., ingredients: [1 pound beets about 3 medium or 2 large, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 bay leaf, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black sesame seeds, Two 10ounce containers tahini hummus, 12 cup labneh or fullfat Greek yogurt, Cilantro leaves, for serving, optional, Warm pita triangles, for serving], title: Beet Tahini Hummus, picturelink: XRO6n7sxUd8YHFWZf3LzLBM2UU5qzG}, 59492: {instructions: Preheat oven to 500 degrees. Stuff 1 tablespoon of crab mixture into each prawn. Place prawns on sheet pan with 2 ounces of water on pan. Cook for approximately 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring vinaigrette to a boil. Add cucumbers until slightly wilted. Remove from pan and keep warm. Add peppers, ginger, shallot and garlic and reduce sauce slightly. Add mint and cilantro.nPlace cucumber julienne in center of plate. Add prawns in center. Top each prawn with 1 tablespoon of hollandaise. Finish by spooning vinaigrette around plate.nIn saute pan, sweat onions and celery in olive oil. Set aside. In a separate bowl, mix crab meat, mayonnaise, parsley, bread crumbs and onioncelery mixture. Chill.nIn a small, nonreactive saucepan, mix two quarts lime juice with sugar. Cook to a light caramel color stage.nAdd honey, scallion, garlic, shallot, ginger and vinegar. Reduce by half. Add lemon, orange and pineapple juices, and pepper. Bring to a boil then lower to a simmer. Reduce by 14.nStrain vinaigrette and chill overnight. Before serving, stir in oils and soy sauce.nIn a small saucepan, reduce orange juice to 2 ounces. Chill.nIn a double boiler, whip egg yolks and chilled orange juice until it is 3 times its volume. Add butter in a slow steady stream to form an emulsion.nPeel and seed jalapeno. Puree with knife. Add to egg mixture. Add salt and pepper to taste. Hold warm.nBlend egg yolk, mustard, pepper, lemon juice, and salt in food processor. Add oil in a small steady stream. Keep chilled., ingredients: [16 Spot prawns, butterflied shell on, 2 pounds Crab Cake Mix, recipe follows, 1 quart Hot and Sour Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 3 English cucumbers, julienned and seeds removed, 1 red pepper, bruniose, 1 yellow pepper, bruniose, 1 green pepper, bruniose, 1 tablespoon ginger, chopped, 1 teaspoon shallot, chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons mint, chopped, 2 tablespoons cilantro, chopped, 1 quart Hollandaise, recipe follows, 1 ounce olive oil, 12 Medium yellow onion, small dice, 1 stalk celery, small dice, 2 pounds crab meat, 12 cup Mayonnaise, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons parsley, chopped, 1 12 ounces Japanese bread crumbs, 3 12 quarts lime juice, 6 cups sugar, 1 12 cups honey, 8 bunches scallions, green part only chopped, 20 garlic cloves, smashed, 20 shallots, sliced thinly, 12 pound ginger, sliced thinly, 2 quarts rice wine vinegar, 12 quart lemon juice, 6 quarts orange juice, 5 quarts pineapple juice, 1 habenero pepper, seeds removed and sliced thinly, 1 12 cup sesame oil, 3 12 cup canola oil, 3 ounces soy sauce, 1 12 cups orange juice, 4 egg yolks, 1 pint clarified butter, 2 red jalapeno peppers, roasted, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 13 teaspoon Cayenne pepper, 1 ounce lemon juice, Salt to taste, 6 ounces olive oil], title: Roasted Spot Prawns, picturelink: null}, 59493: {instructions: In a saucepan melt butter and add brown sugar. Stir until the mixture bubbles up and looks slightly browner. Add milk to sugar stir to combine well. Whisk in egg yolks with flour and salt. Stir in remaining milk to mixture. When the sugar mixture becomes hot, slowly stir in the egg and flour mixture. Cook over medium heat until the pudding boils up. Turn the heat very low and stir and cook 1 or 2 minutes more. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Pour cooled butterscotch into prebaked piecrust. Top the pie with meringue. Bake in a 350 degree preheated oven 15 to 18 minutes until lightly browned.nFor the Crumb Crust: Put the metal chopping blade in place in the food processor beaker. Add the flour, frozen butter, and salt to the beaker. Process for 8 to 10 seconds, turning on and off, until the butter is cut into the flour and the mixture forms very small, flaky granules. Add the lemon juice and eggs to the beaker and process until a ball of dough forms on top of the blades, about 15 seconds. The dough should be damp but not sticky. If it seems too soft, sprinkle with 1 to 2 tablespoons flour and process for an additional 5 to 6 seconds, until well combined. If it feels too dry, sprinkle with a few drops of water and process to blend well. Wrap the ball of dough in waxed paper, plastic wrap, or foil and chill until firm but still malleable.nFor the Meringue: Whip egg whites together with sugar until the peaks are soft. Rolling out the pastry. When the pastry is chilled and firm but still malleable, it is ready to be rolled out. Roll out on a cool surface as possible a marble slab is ideal. Baking Shell Blind Baking: Lay the roll out pastry dough into the pan, and line the shell with foil or waxed paper, weight it down with raw rice or beans and bake it in a preheated 425 degree oven for 14 to 16 minutes, until the bottom is set and the edges lightly browned. After the initial baking, remove the shell from the oven, remove the lining and brush the bottom with beaten egg yolk, and return to the oven for 2 minutes. This seals the bottom and prevents a soggy crust. Top the pie with the meringue and bake in a preheated 350 degree oven until the meringue is lightly brown., ingredients: [3 to 4 tablespoons butter, 1 14 cups brown sugar light brown preferred, 2 cups rich milk, light cream, or half milk and half evaporated milk, 3 eggs, 7 tablespoons flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 cups flour, 8 tablespoons 1 stick butter, frozen, cut into small pieces, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 eggs, 3 eggs, 2 tablespoons sugar], title: Butterscotch Pie, picturelink: null}, 59494: {instructions: Special equipment: small offset spatula, orange gel food coloring, pastry bag and plain pastry tipnPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. For the cake: Grease a 13by18inch sheet pan with butter, line bottom of the pan with parchment paper and generously butter and flour the paper.nIn a small bowl, sift together the flour, cinnamon, baking powder, baking soda, ginger, nutmeg, and salt and stir to combine. Place the eggs and granulated sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment and beat on mediumhigh speed until light, thick and pale, about 5 minutes. With the mixer on low, add the carrot, then slowly add the flour mixture, mixing just until incorporated. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and spread evenly. Bake until the top springs back when gently touched, about 15 minutes.nWhile the cake is baking, lay a clean, thin cotton dish towel out on a flat surface and sift 14 cup confectioners sugar evenly over it. This will prevent the cake from sticking to the towel. As soon as you remove the cake from the oven, loosen it around the edges and invert it squarely onto the prepared towel. Peel away the parchment paper. Starting at one of the short ends, gently roll the warm cake and the towel together. Allow the rolled cake to cool completely on a wire rack.nFor the candied carrots: Combine the grated carrot, sugar and 12 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, stirring often, and cook until the carrots are bright orange, glossy and almost dry, about 12 minutes. Remove to a plate with a slotted spoon and let cool. The candied carrots will be in clumps.nFor the frosting: Beat the cream cheese, butter and salt together with an electric mixer on medium speed until well combined and smooth, about 3 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and add the confectionersu00bf sugar, vanilla and 1 teaspoon milk. Continue to beat until completely combined, about 2 minutes. If needed add the second teaspoon of milk, the mixture should be fluffy not runny. Increase the speed to high and beat until fluffy, about 4 minutes more.nTo assemble: Place 12 cup of the frosting in a small bowl and set aside. Carefully unroll the cake onto a cutting board with the towel underneath. Using a small offset spatula, spread half the frosting evenly over the cake. Sprinkle the frosting evenly with walnuts, raisins and golden raisins, making sure to go all the way to the edges. Disperse teaspoons of candied carrots across the frosting. Carefully reroll the cake, using the towel as a guide. Place the cake roll on a platter. Frost the sides and ends of the cake with the remaining frosting and press shredded coconut all over the surface.nCombine the reserved 12 cup frosting with 2 to 4 drops orange food coloring and mix well. Transfer the tinted frosting to a pastry bag fitted with a small plain tip. Pipe 12 carrots evenly down the center of the cake roll and top each with a small piece of reserved carrot frond. Place the cake in the refrigerator until fully chilled, about 2 hours., ingredients: [Unsalted butter for greasing pan, at room temperature, 34 cup allpurpose flour see Cooks Note, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 12 cup finely grated carrot, from 1 medium carrot with top, fronds reserved, 14 cup confectioners sugar, plus extra for dusting, 1 cup finely grated carrot, from 2 medium carrots with greens, 12 cup granulated sugar, Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 stick 12 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, Pinch of fine salt, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 to 2 teaspoons milk, Orange gel food coloring, 14 cup chopped walnuts, 14 cup raisins, 14 cup golden raisins, 1 cup sweetened shredded coconut], title: Carrot Cake Jelly Roll, picturelink: LKjkWi5E5x4DiNp7Rqj6vLawgqwjEI2}, 59495: {instructions: Step 1: Separate or cut dough into 4 long rectangles if using crescent rolls, press perforations to seal. Place bacon on center of each rectangle.nStep 2: In bowl, mix cheese and mayonnaise. Spoon cheese mixture over bacon sprinkle with tomato. Fold short sides of dough to center of each rectangle press edges to seal. Place seam side down on ungreased cookie sheet press short sides with fork to seal. Cut 2 slits on top.nStep 3: Bake at 375 degrees F 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated crescent dinner rolls or 1 can 8 oz Pillsburyu00ae Crescent Recipe Creationsu00ae refrigerated seamless dough sheet, 8 slices cooked bacon, cut in half, 12 cup shredded ColbyMonterey Jack cheese blend 2 oz, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise or salad dressing, 14 cup chopped tomato], title: Cheesy Bacon Crescents, picturelink: NHxA3yuZtwLjLf745IreWsPgSktYY9G}, 59496: {instructions: Place the quinoa in a saucepan and cook over medium heat until toasted, about 2 minutes. Add 1 34 cups water or use lowsodium chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, covered, until the liquid is absorbed, 10 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit, covered, about 2 minutes.nMeanwhile, toast the pine nuts in a skillet over mediumhigh heat, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes transfer to a plate. Add the olive oil and garlic to the skillet and cook over medium heat, stirring, until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer the garlic to the plate, reserving the oil.nFluff the quinoa with a fork. Add the pine nuts, garlic, reserved oil, parsley, raisins and lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper and toss.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [1 cup quinoa, rinsed well, 14 cup pine nuts, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 13 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup raisins, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Quinoa With Garlic, Pine Nuts and Raisins, picturelink: T.LRekhBFnNtU7jSrY0nvlJfh5Cvxbi}, 59497: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Place 24 cupcake liners in cupcake pans. In an electric mixer with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar for 2 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add the eggs one at a time. Add the almond extract and food coloring. In a separate bowl, combine the absinthe and heavy whipping cream. In another bowl, sift the flour, baking powder and salt. Turn the mixer to the lowest setting, and then add the almond meal, flour mixture and absinthe mixture, alternating the ingredients, starting with the dry and ending with the dry. Scrape down the bowl to make sure all the ingredients are fully combined. Add the currants, cherries and poppy seeds, and fold by hand into the batter. Fill the cupcake liners with 2 12 ounces of cupcake batter. Bake for 21 minutes. After cooling, frost with the Port Wine Black Currant Swiss Merengue Buttercream. This recipe was created by a contestant during a cooking competition. The Food Network Kitchens have not tested it for home use, therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results.nFor the black currant preserves: Combine and dissolve the currants, grape juice, sugar and pectin in saucepan. Cook on medium to high heat, stirring constantly. When the mixture reaches a boil, continue to cook for 2 minutes. Cool in the refrigerator. For the buttercream: Dissolve the sugar, egg whites, salt and vanilla bean seeds over a double boiler. Lightly whisk until the egg white mixture is hot to the touch. Pour the hot whites into a roomtemperature mixing bowl and whip with a whisk attachment on high until stiff peaks form and the mixture is double in volume. Cut the butter into 2inch pieces. Change to a paddle attachment and slowly add a few pieces of butter at a time. Continue beating until the mixture begins to look light and fluffy. Stop the mixer and scrape the bowl. Reduce the speed to low. Add the vanilla extract and continue to beat on LOW speed for 45 seconds. Once thoroughly combined, slowly add the port wine and 12 cup black current preserves, and then beat on medium to high speed until all ingredients are fully combined, an additional 45 to 60 seconds., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 2 drops electric green food coloring, 23 cup absinthe, 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup looselypacked almond meal, 34 cup black currants, 23 cup drained and chopped morello cherries, 12 teaspoon poppy seeds, Port Wine Black Currant Swiss Merengue Buttercream, recipe follows, 3 cups black currants, 1 cup grape juice, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons premium fruit pectin, such as SureJell, 1 14 cup sugar, 5 egg whites, 12 vanilla bean, seeded, Dash of salt, 1 pound butter, at room temperature slightly moist on the outside but cold inside, 2 tablespoons vanilla extract, 12 cup port wine], title: Absinthe, Almond, Black Currant and Cherry Cupcakes with Poppy Seeds, picturelink: WeZPDi4i.IOwWQLBl64.wIar22ULP9C}, 59498: {instructions: In a large nonstick skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the oil, over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add 12 of the spinach and cook for 2 minutes until wilted. Repeat with the remaining spinach. Let the mixture cool for a few minutes.nPlace the remaining olive oil, spinach mixture, cannelloni beans, lemon juice, balsamic vinegar, salt, and pepper in the bowl of a food processor.nBlend until the mixture is smooth. Transfer to a small serving bowl. Serve with endive spears, crostini or pita chips., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 6ounce bags baby spinach, 1 15ounce can cannelloni beans, drained and rinsed, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Spinach and Cannellini Bean Dip, picturelink: 82zg8Iu0WILDGznHlGA84rEaPfdvBLG}, 59499: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat oil in a deep pot over medium high heat. Add potatoes and onions, cover and cook 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.nAdd garlic, bay leaves, and kale to the pot. Cover pot and wilt greens 2 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add beans, tomatoes, chourico, and broth to the pot and bring soup to a full boil. Reduce heat back to medium and cook 5 to 10 minutes longer or until potatoes are tender.nServe soup with hunks of crusty bread and butter.nCooks Note: If you are in Mystic, ask for cherise phonetic pronunciation, if you want to sample the chourico., ingredients: [2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan extravirgin olive oil, 3 medium white waxy potatoes, like yukon golds, peeled and diced, 2 medium onions, chopped, 4 to 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 bay leaves, fresh or dried, 1 pound kale, coarsely chopped, Coarse salt and pepper, 1 15ounce can garbanzos chick peas, drained and rinsed, 1 can diced tomatoes, 1 pound diced chourico, casing removed, 1 quart chicken broth, Warm, crusty bread], title: Portuguese Chourico and Kale Soup, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 59500: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a deep fry thermometernPlace the sliced red onions in a small stainless steel bowl. With a fine grater or zester, zest the skin of 1 lime over the onions. Cut the 4 whole limes in half cross wise and squeeze the juice over the onions. Add a pinch of salt and mix. Submerge the onions in the juice use the squeezed limes as a weight to push down any onions sticking out of the juice. Cover with a tightfitting lid and refrigerate. Marinate the onions in the juice for as long as possible, at least 15 minutes or up to 3 days.nPour the oil into a large heavy pot that has at least a 6quart capacity. There should be at least 2 inches of oil in the pot. Clip a deepfrying thermometer to the side of the pot and be sure the thermometer is touching the bottom of the pot. Heat the oil to 400 degrees F over medium heat do not ever cover the pot.nPlace a chicken thigh on a cutting board and cut into 4 to 5 evensized chunks. Repeat until all thighs are cut into chunks. Arrange all the chunks on a microwavesafe plate and season both sides with 14 tablespoon of adobo powder, as well as pepper. Place the plate in the microwave and cook on high for 1 minute and 30 seconds. Remove the plate and turn each piece of chicken over. Microwave again on high until the chunks are just cooked through, another 1 to 2 minutes, depending on your microwave. Let the chicken cool to room temperature.nPut the egg whites in a bowl and beat with a fork until just foamy, about 1 minute. In a separate wide and shallow bowl or cake pan, combine the remaining 2 tablespoons of adobo powder and paprika with the cornmeal and wholewheat flour. Mix thoroughly. Submerge the chicken pieces in the egg whites. With a fork, toss to coat. One at a time, lift the chicken pieces from the egg whites, transfer them to the flour mixture, and coat each piece thoroughly. Let the chicken sit in one layer over the flour mixture. Wash and dry your hands thoroughly prior to assembling the salad.nPlace the iceberg chunks in a bowl and add the cherry tomatoes. Drain the lime juice from the onions and reserve. To the salad, add the onions, a dash of salt, and 2 tablespoons of the reserved lime juice. Toss to dress evenly. Divide the salad among four serving plates. Divide the avocado pieces equally among the salads.nFry the chicken in the oil in four separate batches until deep golden brown, about 12 seconds. Using metal tongs or a stainless steel spider basket, remove the chicken pieces from the oil and transfer them to a plate with either a wire rack on top or paper towels to drain off any excess oil. Turn the stove off immediately after your last batch. Arrange the cooked chicken evenly around the individual salads. Place 4 cilantro sprigs over each salad. Serve with lime wedges., ingredients: [1 small red onion, cut in half and thinly sliced, 5 whole ripe fresh limes cut 1 lime into 4 wedges, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 quarts grape seed or corn oil, 1 pound boneless and skinless chicken thighs, 2 14 tablespoons adobo powder, such as Goya or similar seasoning, 2 egg whites, 2 12 tablespoons sweet Hungarian paprika, 14 cup fineground yellow cornmeal, 34 cup fine wholewheat flour, 4 cups 2inch square chunks iceberg lettuce, 16 cherry tomatoes, stems removed and washed, 12 ripe Hass avocado, peeled and cut into 8 chunks, 1 bunch cilantro], title: Roccos FlashFried Chicken, picturelink: EafnGkt4jAkW12dO6N3VXXbeQi1Ud8q}, 59501: {instructions: For the corn relish: Add the milk and 2 cups water to a 3 to 4quart pot and bring to a simmer. When its at a simmer, stir in the butter, salt and sugar give it a few minutes until the butter has melted. Place the corn in the pot, cover and cook until tender, about 45 minutes. Remove the corn and cool down enough to handle, and then cut off the kernels with a knife. Hint: it will be easier to remove the kernels off the cob if still warm. Mix together the corn, vinegar, cilantro, shallots, garlic and salt and black pepper to taste in a large bowl.nFor the coulis: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. As that is working, mix together the oil, vinegar, shallots, garlic, peppers, tomatoes, cilantro and some salt and white pepper in a large bowl. Make sure to coat the ingredients evenly with the oil. Place on a baking sheet and roast for about 20 minutes, and then transfer to a blender and mix until smooth. Strain through a fine mesh strainer. Set aside.nFor the crab cakes: Turn the oven down to 350 degrees F. Mix together the breadcrumbs, mayonnaise, cilantro, egg, onions and peppers in a large bowl. Let sit for 5 minutes while you open and drain the crabmeat. Once the crab is drained of all excess liquid, fold it into the breadcrumb mixture. Form into 8 equal crab cakes. Heat oil to 350 degrees F in a saute pan, and then sear the crab cakes until golden brown on both sides. Transfer to the oven to for 10 minutes.nTo plate this dish, we use an 8inch round white plate. First, place a small amount of the corn relish in the center. Place the browned crab cakes directly onto the corn. Finally, spoon a few ounces of the coulis around the corn and serve., ingredients: [Cooked Corn Relish:, 2 cups milk, 8 ounces unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 whole corn on the cob, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 ounce fresh cilantro, finely chopped, 2 large shallots, finely chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Tomato and Pepper Coulis:, 4 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar, 3 shallots, peeled, 2 cloves garlic, 2 whole red peppers, roasted, 2 tomatoes, halved, 1 small bunch fresh cilantro, Salt and ground white pepper, Crab Cakes:, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 ounce fresh cilantro, chopped, 1 egg, 1 small red onion, cut into small dice, 1 green pepper, cut into small dice, 1 red pepper, cut into small dice, 1 yellow pepper, cut into small dice, 1 pound jumbo lump crab meat, Canola oil, for frying], title: Seared Crab Cake with Corn Relish, Roasted Tomato and Pepper Coulis, picturelink: null}, 59502: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a sheet pan, lay out bacon slices. Bake for 10 minutes, until lightly browned and the fat has rendered. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon, and transfer to a paper towel lined plate. Carefully toss Brussels sprouts in the hot pan, and season with salt and pepper. Return the pan to the oven, and roast, turning once, until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven, the walnuts and apples and toss to combine. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving platter, top with the bacon, and serve warm., ingredients: [4 ounces thick slab applewood smoked bacon, cut in 14inch pieces, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, washed, trimmed, and halved lengthwise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup toasted chopped walnuts, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and sliced], title: Crispy Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 59503: {instructions: Heat up the olive oil in a thick heavy bottomed pan. Add all the chopped vegetables, tomato and garlic and sweat off for 5 minutes, stirring continuously. Add the flour, cinnamon and herbs and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Add the fish stock and bring to a boil, then crumble the fish into the pan with the rum, Worcestershire sauce and hot sauce. Let simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally. Add salt and pepper, to taste., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped onion, 1 cup finely chopped celery, I cup finely chopped carrot, 1 12 cups peeled chopped tomato, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 4 ounces flour, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon marjoram, 12 teaspoon oregano, 4 pints fish stock, 2 cups cooked, flaked white fish meat, 1ounce black rum goslings, if available, 1ounce Worcestershire sauce, 12ounce hot sauce, Salt and pepper, to taste], title: Bermuda Fish Chowder, picturelink: null}, 59504: {instructions: Place a double boiler over medium heat. Add both cocoa powders, the sugar and butter. Whisk until cocoas and sugar have melted and creamed together with the butter. Add a little of the milk. Add chocolates, whisking as they melt. Slowly pour in additional milk, reserving one cup milk for next step. Whisk until mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.nIn a blender, make three servings at a time. Add 12 cup chocolate base, 12 cup milk and about 2 cups crushed ice. Blend until smooth, adding more ice or liquid as needed to reach a perfect texture. Repeat with remaining ingredients or store any unused chocolate base in the refrigerator, covered. Pour frozen hot chocolate into large goblets and top with whipped cream and grated chocolate. Serve immediately with a straw and a long spoon., ingredients: [1 12 tsp. sweetened cocoa powder, 1 12 tsp. Dutchprocessed cocoa powder, 1 12 Tbs. sugar, 1 Tbs. salted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups whole milk, 2 oz. bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 oz. semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 oz. milk chocolate, chopped, 4 cups crushed ice, sweetened whipped cream for garnish, grated chocolate of your choice for garnish], title: Fred Ts Frozen Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 59505: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter and flour an 8 12 by 4 12inch loaf pan and line the bottom with parchment paper. Bring 12 cup water to a boil in a small saucepan. Add the dates and set aside until cool. Drain.nSift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, pumpkin pie spice, and salt onto a piece of parchment paper. Set aside.nIn a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and brown sugar on high speed until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs and sour cream and beat to combine, scraping the bowl down. Add the rum and vanilla and beat to combine. Add the flour mixture on low speed until just combined. Add the milk, increase the speed to medium, and beat until just smooth, about 15 seconds. Add the drained dates and the nuts and stir just until distributed.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick comes out clean, 50 to 60 minutes. Cool in the pan on a rack for 15 minutes, then unmold and cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [1 12 cups chopped pitted dates, 2 cups allpurpose flour plus more for the pan, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons pumpkin pie spice, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter plus more for the pan, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons dark rum or brandy, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup milk, 1 cup coarsely chopped toasted walnuts], title: Autumn Dates Night Bread, picturelink: UynRck7Xd8CYkGmwRfE9DIo5p9B8Qi}, 59506: {instructions: Position racks in the middle and upper third of the oven preheat to 400 degrees F. Scrub the potatoes and dry well. Bake directly on the middle oven rack until easily pierced with a knife, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the oven let cool 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms cook, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 5 minutes. Season with 14 teaspoon salt. Reduce the heat to medium add the onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 4 minutes. Add the sage and chicken broth. Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 3 minutes. Increase the heat to medium high and cook until most of the liquid evaporates, about 2 more minutes set aside.nOne at a time, hold each potato with a kitchen towel and halve lengthwise. Scoop the flesh into a large bowl, leaving a 14inchthick shell. Mash the flesh with the butter, taleggio and parsley until just combined. Stir in the mascarpone, then the mushroom mixture. Brush the potato skins with the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil and season the insides with salt and pepper. Set on a baking sheet.nMound the filling into the potato skins and sprinkle with the parmesan. Return to the oven on the top rack bake until the filling starts browning and the skins are crisp, 18 to 20 minutes. Season with salt.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [4 medium russet potatoes 10 to 12 ounces each, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 6 ounces cremini mushrooms, chopped, 6 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stemmed and chopped, Kosher salt, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh sage, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 4 ounces taleggio cheese, rind removed, cut into small chunks, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 cup mascarpone cheese, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup grated parmesan cheese], title: MushroomTaleggio TwiceBaked Potatoes, picturelink: YWFoAALQKhg6gjFEiRSLvVpM3njYJRW}, 59507: {instructions: Special equipment: eight 6 to 8ounce ramekinsnFor the stew: Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion, celery, carrot and thyme, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion and celery soften, 2 minutes. Add the ground beef, salt and pepper, and cook, stirring and breaking up any clumps, until brown, about 5 minutes.nStir in the tomato paste and then evenly sprinkle the flour over the meat mixture stir to coat. Add the beef stock and Worcestershire, and bring to a simmer. Lower the heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, until the most of the liquid has evaporated and the carrots are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the parsley and peas, and season again with salt and pepper if needed.nFor the mashed potatoes: Put the potatoes in a large pot cover with cold water by 2 inches and add a big pinch of salt. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, then reduce to a simmer and cook until the potatoes are easily pierced with a paring knife, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain, then pass the potatoes through a ricer and return them to the dry pot.nIn the microwave or a small pot, warm the cream along with the butter and some salt pour into the potatoes, and mix well incorporated and the potatoes are very smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Fold in the cheddar.nFinish the shepherds pies: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Divide the stew evenly among eight 6 to 8ounce ramekins. Place the ramekins on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Using a resealable bag fitted a 12inch star tip, pipe dollops of mashed potatoes around the top of each ramekin until the stew is covered.nBake until the potatoes are golden brown in spots and the meat mixture is bubbling, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 2 medium carrots, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme, 2 pounds ground beef chuck, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups beef stock, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 cup frozen peas, not thawed, 2 pounds russet potatoes about 2 large, peeled and halved, Kosher salt, 13 cup heavy cream, 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup shredded sharp orange cheddar cheese], title: Shepherds Pie, picturelink: .yt4UqixG0K3gNRrHsodzcjCqeZ6FV2}, 59508: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the sauce: Heat the vegetable oil in a medium saucepot over medium heat. Add the garlic and onions and saute until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the ketchup, pineapple, molasses, vinegar, sugar, mustard, Worcestershire and chipotles. Simmer uncovered, stirring often, until thickened, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from the heat and blend with an immersion blender until mostly smooth. Reserve.nFor the burgers: Preheat the grill top to mediumhigh to high heat.nForm the ground pork into long and rectangular patties that fit the shape of the bread, keeping in mind that there will be 2 patties per half of bread. Sprinkle the exterior with salt and place on a hot grill top for 3 minutes. Flip and cook another 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and baste generously with the BBQ sauce. Flip and continue cooking for a couple more minutes, continuously flipping and basting the burgers.nFor the bread: Place the rack in the middle of the oven and set the oven to broil. Mix the melted butter with the garlic and brush on the cut sides of the bread. Top with the cheese and place under the broiler just until the edges are lightly crisped, about 2 minutes.nFor the sandwich build: After your beautiful garlic bread is done, place 2 burgers on each bottom half of bread. Top with some pickles and the top half of the garlic bread. Slice each portion in half, yielding 4 sandwiches. Serve with the remaining BBQ sauce on the side and get ready to impress your family and friends., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 clove garlic, grated, 12 medium Vidalia onion, minced, 2 cups ketchup, 12 cup crushed pineapple with juice, 3 tablespoons molasses, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, 2 pounds ground pork, Kosher salt, 1 stick melted butter 12 cup, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, One 32inch French loaf, split and halved, 3 cups grated fresh mozzarella, Dill pickles, sliced on the bias or to your liking, for garnish], title: Smoky BBQ Riburger on Cheesy Garlic Bread, picturelink: 0SWTyMJZMG6b.dErL0klEKwQ3OQ5C}, 59509: {instructions: Chill Champagne and vodka. Mix together champagne, vodka, juice from the 12 lemons, and sugar. Dust rim of Champagne flutes with lemon juice and raw sugar. Add chilled Champagnevodka mixture and serve with a twist of lemon., ingredients: [12 bottles brut Champagne recommended: Korbel, 6 cups pearl vodka, 17 fresh lemons, 3 12 cups superfine sugar, 1 cup raw sugar, Twist of lemon, for serving], title: Dr. Coppelius Secret Potion, picturelink: null}, 59510: {instructions: For the breading: In a small bowl, combine the bread crumbs and 14 cup Parmesan cheese. Set aside.nFor the filling: In a large bowl, mix together 14 cup of Parmesan, mozzarella cheese, 14 cup olive oil, basil, and garlic. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cut the steaks in half crosswise and place on a work surface. Spread the mixture evenly over the steaks. Roll up the steaks and secure with skewers.nIn a medium skillet, heat the remaining 14 cup of oil over medium heat. Roll the steaks in the bread crumb mixture until coated and add to the skillet. Cook the steaks until brown on all sides, about 6 to 8 minutes. Add the marinara sauce to the pan. Bring the sauce to a simmer and scrape up the brown bits that cling to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. Simmer, turning occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes for mediumwell.nRemove the skewers, place the steaks on a cutting board and slice thinly. Arrange the steak slices on plates and serve with the marinara sauce., ingredients: [1 cup plain bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 34 cup shredded mozzarella cheese, 14 cup olive oil, plus 14 cup, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 8ounce London broil steaks, trimmed and pounded 18inch thick, 1 26ounce jar marinara sauce, Special equipment: 4 4inch skewers], title: Steak Involtini, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 59511: {instructions: Bring a large pot or wok of water to a rapid boil. Add the mussels and cook until the mussels slightly open. Remove from the pot and set aside.nIn a hot wok, add oil and then lemongrass. Cook the lemongrass until fragrant, now add Asian shallots and garlic and stirfry for 1 minute.nPour in sugar, coconut milk, and fish sauce. Stir and bring to the boil. Once boiled, add the mussels and toss for 1 minute.nAdd pepper, Vietnamese mint, and chile.nToss for a further minute and serve., ingredients: [17 12 ounces  500 g mussels, cleaned and debearded, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 tablespoons diced lemongrass, 2 red Asian shallots, minced, 3 cloves garlic, minced 1 tablespoon, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 cup 250 ml light coconut milk, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 bunch fresh Vietnamese mint, 1 long red chile, sliced], title: Halong Mussels, Cooked In Lemongrass Scented Coconut Milk: Con Don Nau Xa Cot Dua, picturelink: null}, 59512: {instructions: Place all ingredients in a bowl with the white vinegar and sugar. Reconstitute rice paper with the hot water. Fill paper with vegetables, crab and sausage. Roll up and slice into 2 pieces. Repeat with remaining rice papers.nCut pineapple, put in blender and strain out the juice. Add the juice, vinegar, sugar and Sriracha to a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Combine the cornstarch and water and slowly add to the simmering sauce. When thickened remove from the heat. Chill and pout into a squeeze bottle.nPut all ingredients for puree in blender, blend until smooth and pour into squeeze bottle.nSplit tails open on the prawns and remove antennas. Crush the Szechwan peppercorns and season prawns along with the salt. Add the oil to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once heated add the prawns, remove the head and drizzle juices on tail.nPlate mache, top with summer roll slightly off center and a prawn. Dust all with gold leaf and sauce the plate with scallioncilantro puree. Dot plate with sweet and sour sauce and garnish prawn tails with edible orchid.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 cup julienned carrot, 1 cup julienned cucumber hothouse, 1 cup julienned bamboo shoots fresh, 12 pound Dungeness crab, 1 cup julienned Chinese sausage, chilled, 4 pieces rice paper, 2 quarts hot water, 1 cup white vinegar, 23 cup granulated sugar, 1 fresh pineapple, 14 cup Chinese red vinegar, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon Sriracha, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 12 cup water, 12 bunch fresh scallions, 14 bunch fresh cilantro leaves, 14 finger fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 13 cup olive oil, 12 cup water, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 prawns, shell and tails intact, 2 tablespoons Szechwan peppercorns, 2 tablespoons salt, 14 cup olive oil, for sauteing, Mache, for garnish, Gold leaf, for garnish, Edible orchids, for garnish], title: Golden Summer Prawns, picturelink: null}, 59513: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the milk in a small bowl. Sprinkle the gelatin over. Let stand for 3 to 5 minutes to soften the gelatin. Pour milk mixture into a heavy saucepan and stir over medium heat just until the gelatin dissolves but the milk does not boil, about 5 minutes. Add the cream, honey, sugar, and salt. Stir until the sugar dissolves, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat. Pour into 6 wine glasses so that they are 12 full. Cool slightly. Refrigerate until set, at least 6 hours.nSpoon the berries atop the panna cotta and serve., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, 1 tablespoon unflavored powdered gelatin, 3 cups whipping cream, 13 cup honey, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt, 2 cups assorted fresh berries], title: Panna Cotta with Fresh Berries, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 59514: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the almond flour, rice flour, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Stir the sugars and oil together with a wooden spoon in another large bowl until the sugars dissolve. Add the egg, vanilla and milk and stir until well combined.nUsing a wooden spoon, stir the flour mixture into the sugar mixture in batches until well combined. Stir in the chocolate chips and the dried cherries until thoroughly combined. Cover the batter with plastic wrap and refrigerate least 1 hour if you are in a rush or overnight for best results.nLine sheet pans with silicone mats or parchment paper. Scoop the dough into 1 14inch balls using a 1inch scooper or melon baller. Bake until the edges begin to brown, 12 to 13 minutes. Cool on a cooling rack 2 to 3 minutes then move cookies to a cooling rack., ingredients: [4 cups almond flour, 34 cup brown rice flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 34 cup sugar, 12 cup light brown sugar, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla, 12 cup unsweetened almond milk or whole milk, 1 14 cups semisweet chocolate chips about 7 12 oz., 12 cup dried cherries about 2 14 oz.], title: GlutenFree Cherry Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: QBuqwsNgiCrwD8LNJfERtAykpYOTdfC}, 59515: {instructions: Season the shrimp with salt, and pepper, to taste. In a medium saute pan, warm the olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the shrimp and saute. Cook the shrimp on both sides for 3 to 4 minutes. When the shrimp is cooked, place the shrimp in a bowl with a touch of olive oil, to taste, the chervil, fresh dill, and lime juice. Cooks Note: Save a little lime juice for the pea shoots. Mix the ingredients together to evenly coat the shrimp.nHeat a cast iron griddle or grill on mediumhigh flame. Grill the corn until just roasted. After roasting, remove the corn kernels from the cob and set aside to serve.nIn a small bowl, dress the pea shoots with a little olive oil and the remaining lime juice.nTo serve: Place a small pile of corn on a plate. Spoon on some ChileMango Whiskey Sauce. Top with 3 shrimp per plate. Garnish with the dressed pea shoots.nIn a medium fry pan, add the olive oil and place over medium high heat. Add the mango, scallions, ginger, and chile and begin to saute together. Saute for about 3 minutes and the mango will start to break down. When this happens pull the pan off the heat and holding the pan away from the flame or heat, add the whiskey. Return the pan to the flame or heat and while holding at an angle, light the whiskey and flambe.nOnce the alcohol has cooked out and the flames from the flambe have diminished, add the honey and orange juice and simmer for 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the stove and transfer the sauce into blender. Add the mace blade, star anise, and lime juice, and carefully puree. Set aside until ready to use., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus extra, 12 jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, 1 bunch fresh pea shoots, 2 ears corn, shucked, 1 cup ChileMango Whiskey Sauce, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh chervil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 lime, cut into thirds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 12 cups peeled, largedice fresh mango, 1 tablespoon sliced scallions white part only, 1 tablespoon peeled and thinly sliced fresh ginger, 1 Thai chile, seeds removed and minced, 6 ounces or 34 cup whiskey, 1 tablespoon honey, 14 teaspoon finely ground mace blade, 14 teaspoon finely ground star anise, Juice of 1 lime], title: Saute Spicy Shrimp, Pea Shoots with Roasted Corn and ChileMango Whiskey Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59516: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a silicone baking mat a candy thermometer 8 to 10 parfait glassesnFor the frozen yogurt: Strain the yogurt through a finemeshed strainer for 2 hours. Put the strained yogurt, the sugar, cinnamon and vanilla extract in a blender and blend until the ingredients are incorporated, about 2 minutes.nTransfer the yogurt mixture to an 8inch square baking dish and freeze until firm, about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, make the homemade walnut brittle: Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat and grease it liberally with 2 tablespoons of butter.nBring the sugar and corn syrup to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly. Attach a candy thermometer to the side of the saucepan and cook until the mixture reaches 240 degrees F, about 6 minutes. Stir in the walnuts and cook until the mixture becomes goldenbrown and reaches 300 degrees F, about 5 more minutes.nRemove the saucepan from heat, and stir in 1 stick butter, the vanilla extract, baking soda and saltu00bfthe mixture will come to a vigorous bubble, then it will settle. Stir until the butter is fully melted and pour onto the silicone baking mat. Let the brittle cool completely, about 30 minutes. Break apart before serving.nTo assemble the parfaits: Add a large spoonful of jam to each parfait glass, then a scoop of Frozen Yogurt, and top with a few pieces of Homemade Walnut Brittle., ingredients: [Frozen Yogurt:, One 35.3ounce container Greek yogurt, 12 cup sugar, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Homemade Walnut Brittle:, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, plus 2 tablespoons for buttering the baking mat, 2 12 cups sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 3 12 cups walnuts, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoons salt, To assemble the parfaits:, 2 cups strawberryrhubarb jam], title: StrawberryRhubarb Jam with Frozen Yogurt Parfait and Homemade Walnut Brittle, picturelink: kawBzJ4uLNg89l7t9BdkUefPE1aDKJi}, 59517: {instructions: Finely grate the zest from the oranges and squeeze the juice. There should be about 3 tablespoons zest and 23 cup juice. In a medium saucepan, combine the water and the sugar. Cook over medium heat, stirring, until the sugar dissolves, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat. In a large bowl, whisk the egg yolks until very light. Slowly add the hot sugar syrup in a thin stream, whisking constantly. Pour into a large saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring with a wooden spoon until slightly thickened. Strain the mixture into a medium bowl, and set it in a larger bowl partialy filled with ice water. Stir in the orange juice and zest. Let cool, stirring occasionally. Or chill overnight in refrigerator. In a large chilled bowl, using an electric mixer with chilled beaters, whip the cream until stiff peaks form. Fold the cream into the cooled orange custard mixture. Freeze in an ice cream freezer according to manufacturers instructions. Transfer to a covered container and place in freezer until serving time. If the gelato becomes too firm, place it in the refrigerator for 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 navel oranges, 1 cup water, 34 cup sugar, 6 large egg yolks, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Orange Gelato, picturelink: null}, 59518: {instructions: Place the garlic, onion, celery and red bell pepper in food processor and pulse to fine chop. Add turkey, potatoes, egg, salt, pepper, poultry seasoning, and parsley leaves then pulse to process and combine the mixture. Remove bowl from base and blade from the bowl. In a medium mixing bowl combine the turkey mixture with 34 cup bread crumbs.nHeat a small skillet over medium heat with 2 tablespoons butter and 1 tablespoon oil. When butter melts add the mushrooms and cook until dark and tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Season the mushrooms with salt and pepper and add rosemary to the pan. Sprinkle the flour over the mushrooms and cook a minute. Whisk in the stock, bring to a bubble and thicken, 5 minutes, over mediumlow heat.nPreheat a nonstick skillet with 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil over medium heat.nUse a conical or round ice cream scoop to form 8 croquettes. Combine cheese and remaining 14 cup of bread crumbs on a plate. Coat the croquettes in cheese and bread crumbs and saute in hot oil until deeply golden all over, 5 to 6 minutes for each batch. Remove and drain on paper towels. Serve the croquettes with rosemary gravy poured down over them., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, cracked from skin, 12 small onion, 1 rib celery, chopped, 14 small red bell pepper, chopped, 1 cup cooked, chopped turkey meat, white and dark, 1 cup leftover mashed potatoes, 1 egg, Salt and pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, Few sprigs parsley, leaves only, 1 cup Italian bread crumbs, 3 tablespoons butter, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cremini mushrooms, thinly sliced, 3 to 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups chicken stock, 12 cup grated Romano, a couple of handfuls], title: Turkey Croquettes with MushroomRosemary Gravy, picturelink: UrZkeQxNPb3KxtU4Zh5NOg.7ndlmYiy}, 59519: {instructions: Place the potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, salt the water, reduce the heat a bit, and cook until tender, about 12 minutes. Heads up: about halfway through you will add the broccoli to the pot, so use a pot large enough to accommodate both.nSeason the chicken breasts with the thyme, salt, and pepper. Heat the EVOO in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook the chicken for 6 minutes on each side.nAdd the broccoli to the potatoes and cook for 6 minutes.nHeat the butter in a small saucepot over medium heat. When the butter has melted, add the flour and cook for 1 minute, then whisk in the chicken stock and 1 cup of the milk or halfandhalf. Thicken for 2 to 3 minutes, season the sauce with salt and pepper, then stir in the cheese in a figureeight motion with a wooden spoon for 2 minutes, or until the cheese is melted. Turn off the heat.nDrain the cooked broccoli and potatoes and return to the hot pot to dry them out. Mash the broccoli and potatoes together, using the remaining milk to reach the desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper.nSlice the chicken breasts on an angle. Pile some mashed brocotatoes on plates and arrange the fannedout chicken on the edge of the mound. Pour the Gouda gravy over the top., ingredients: [4 Idaho potatoes, peeled and cut in 2inch cubes, Salt, 4 6ounce boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons EVOO extravirgin olive oil, 1 head of broccoli, trimmed and cut into florets and 1inch cubes, 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 12 cups milk or halfandhalf, 1 12 cups shredded Gouda cheese], title: NoThyme Quick Chicken with Smash Brocotatoes and Gouda Gravy, picturelink: null}, 59520: {instructions: For the black bean patties: Mash the beans in a large bowl, leaving some of the bean texture. Stir in the corn, oatmeal, taco seasoning and garlic. Stir to combine, taste and then season with a pinch of salt and a few grinds of black pepper. Fold in the egg. Cover the bowl and refrigerate for 15 minutes to hydrate the oats.nIn a large nonstick pan, heat the oil on medium heat. When the oil begins to swirl a bit, use an ice cream scoop to portion the black bean mixture equally into 4 balls. Drop them into the pan, then press each into a patty shape with a spatula. Cook on one side until golden and a bit crisp, about 8 minutes. Flip and cook on the other side until slightly crisped, 5 to 8 minutes more. Remove to individual serving plates.nFor the cream sauce: In a double boiler with the water boiling but not touching the pot above, add a piece of the butter, the yolks, lime juice, a splash of water and a pinch of salt. Whisk continuously while the butter melts, then add another piece of butter, working it in until it melts. Continue adding the butter pieces one at a time, whisking and melting between additions, until all the pieces are whisked in. Taste and adjust with salt if needed. Keep warm on the double boiler.nDivide the ham into 4 servings and place a portion on top of each black bean patty. Top each with an egg, drizzle over the sauce and sprinkle with pickles. Sprinkle the plate with cilantro and tomatoes. Serve warm., ingredients: [One 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 12 cup frozen corn do not thaw, 14 cup instant oatmeal, One 1.25ounce packet taco seasoning mix, 1 clove garlic, grated on a rasp, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, beaten, 4 to 6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 stick butter, at room temperature, cut into 4 pieces, 3 egg yolks, beaten until they lighten in color, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, Kosher salt, 6 ounces deli ham, sliced paper thin if you go to the counter, 4 poached or sunnyside up eggs, 14 cup chopped dill pickles, 14 cup lightly chopped fresh cilantro, 2 Roma or plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped], title: Sunnys Black Bean and Ham Eggs Benedict, picturelink: lg3wHdHnaIA38A4ke8I44cwtygXFa}, 59521: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine honey and peanut butter in a large pot and heat over mediumlow heat until melted, about 23 minutes. Add brown rice cereal and cherries and stir to combine until mixture is sticky. Press into a 9 by 13inch pan sprayed with cooking spray. Let cool, then chill in refrigerator for 30 minutes. Cut into 15 2 12 by 3inch squares.nPer Serving: Calories 160 Total Fat 5 g Sat Fat 0.5 g, Mono Fat 0 g, Poly Fat 0 g  Protein 3 g Carb 26 g Fiber 2 g Cholesterol 0 mg Sodium 35 mg, ingredients: [12 cup honey, 12 cup natural chunkystyle peanut butter, 6 cups crispy brown rice cereal, 23 cup chopped dried cherries 3 ounces, Nonstick cooking spray], title: Crispy Rice Treats, picturelink: SYrXq5OpdgnHcHWtrawCOsvljnQqD9K}, 59522: {instructions: Pour the milk into a wide skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook, stirring frequently, until reduced by half, 2030 minutes. Strain into a large saucepan and add the water and cinnamon sticks.nBring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and let sit 15 minutes. Remove the cinnamon sticks and reserve.nCombine the rice flour, sugar and vanilla in a bowl. Pour in the milk mixture and whisk to incorporate well. Refrigerate at least 4 hours. Then pour the liquid into a pitcher, discarding the sediment that has settled on the bottom of the bowl. Serve cold over ice, with cinnamon sticks as stirrers., ingredients: [1 quart nonfat milk, 2 quarts water, 4 cinnamon sticks, 14 cup rice flour or 13 cup raw white rice crushed to a powder in blender, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Horchata, picturelink: null}, 59523: {instructions: Place one rack in the center of the oven and another in the bottom. Heat oven to 500 degrees F.nPlace brisket, fat side down, in a 14 x12 x 2inch roasting pan. Its best not to use a shallow pan for this, or later the juices might run over and out. Put the garlic in the pan. Drizzle with 1 teaspoon of the oil. Using your hands, rub oil onto garlic.nPut the onion wedges and carrots into a smaller, 12 x 8 x 1 12inch roasting pan. Drizzle with remaining oil. Using your hands, rub oil over all the pieces until they are well coated. Arrange onion wedges on their sides, so that they touch carrots as little as possible.nRoast vegetables on center rack of oven for 30 minutes. Turn with a spatula. Roast 15 minutes more. Roast the brisket simultaneously on the bottom rack of the oven for 15 minutes. Turn over so fat side is up. Roast 30 minutes more.nRemove both pans from oven. Lower heat to 275 degrees F, leaving the door ajar a minute or two to reduce temperature more quickly. Leave the brisket and garlic in the large pan and add 14 cup of the water. The water should bubble up from the heat of the pan if it does not, put pan on the stove over mediumhigh heat. With a wooden spoon, scrape around the brisket to scoop up and remove the brown bits from the bottom of pan.nPut the onions and carrots into the brisket pan. Put the smaller pan on top of the stove. Add the remaining water and bring contents to a boil while scraping the bottom vigorously with a wooden spoon. Pour liquid into brisket pan. Add roasted plum tomatoes and reserved roasting liquid or, if using canned tomatoes, stick a small knife into the opened can of tomatoes. Run it back and forth through the tomatoes and puree until only small pieces remain. Pour contents over vegetables and around brisket. Put the bay leaf into the liquid. Cover tightly with foil.nRoast on center rack of oven for 3 12 hours. Remove foil, increase temperature to 500 degrees F, and roast 15 minutes more or until brisket is nicely browned.nRemove. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. With the back of a spoon, smush the softened garlic out of each section and into the liquid. Throw the empty papers away. Transfer brisket to a platter and cover brisket with a tent of foil. Use slotted spoon to transfer vegetables to a large serving bowl or plate. Discard the bay leaf. Pour remaining liquid into a measuring cup. Let sit long enough for the fat to rise to the surface, about 15 minutes. Skim fat off surface.nTo serve, cut brisket against the grain into long thin strips. Arrange 2 to 3 slices on each plate. Spoon on some of the vegetables, and moisten everything with a generous amount of the liquid., ingredients: [4 34 to 5pound brisket, trimmed but not completely fat free, 1 head garlic, top 14inch sliced off, 4 teaspoons olive oil, 3 small onions about 12 ounces total, peeled, root end kept intact, cut in half lengthwise, each half cut into 3 wedges, 1 pound carrots, trimmed, peeled, and cut into 3 to 4inch pieces, 12 cup water, 2 cups drained and mushed whole plum tomatoes, plus 14 cup reserved roasting liquid or one 16ounce can whole tomatoes with liquid, 1 small bay leaf, Kosher salt, to taste, Freshly ground black pepper, to taste], title: Wholesome Brisket with Roasted Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 59524: {instructions: Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Working in batches, fry the tortilla strips, flipping, until golden, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a paper towellined plate using a slotted spoon. Sprinkle with 12 teaspoon taco seasoning.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to the skillet. Add the red onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until just tender, about 3 minutes. Add the beef, garlic and the remaining 2 teaspoons taco seasoning. Cook, breaking up the beef with a spatula, until no longer pink, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes and pickled jalapenos with carrots and onions cook until the tomatoes are slightly softened, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the cilantro.nMix the sour cream with the jalapeno brine in a small bowl. Divide the lettuce among bowls top with the beef mixture, cheese, sour cream and tortilla strips.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 corn tortillas, cut into thin strips, 2 12 teaspoons lowsodium taco or fajita seasoning, 12 red onion, chopped, 1 pound lean ground beef, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, halved, 12 cup pickled jalapenos with carrots and onions, drained and chopped, plus 1 tablespoon of the brine, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 3 tablespoons reducedfat sour cream, 1 large head romaine lettuce, shredded, 34 cup shredded reducedfat pepper jack cheese about 3 ounces], title: Taco Tuesday Salad, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 59525: {instructions: For the lemon knots: Combine the flour, granulated sugar and baking powder together in a bowl. Add the shortening and work it into the flour.nAdd the milk, extract, eggs and cinnamon oil in a separate bowl. Mix well. Add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and work with your hands until combined. The dough will be sticky to the touch.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nDust your hands with flour and roll a 5inch ropelike log out of the dough. Make the dough log into a knot. Place the dough knot onto a cookie sheet. Repeat with the remaining dough. Bake until firm to the touch, about 6 minutes.nFor the glaze: Combine the powdered sugar and milk and use to glaze the lemon knots.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and makes a large quantity. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 2 cups granulated sugar, 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 tablespoons allvegetable shortening, such as Crisco, 12 cup 2percent milk, 2 teaspoons lemon extract, 12 eggs, 2 drops cinnamon oil, 2 cups powdered sugar, 14 cup milk or water], title: Lemon Knots, picturelink: null}, 59526: {instructions: In a large pot of salted, boiling water, cook rice until tender. Drain, set aside, and keep warm.nIn a food processor or blender, combine shallots, garlic, chopped cilantro, ginger, tamarind paste, anchovy, and brown sugar and puree until smooth.nIn a soup pot, combine puree, cayenne, fish sauce, and clam juice and bring to a boil. Add fish and let simmer for 5 minutes. Add rice and simmer for 2 minutes. Remove soup from the heat and stir in lettuce, radishes, and snow peas. Ladle soup into bowls and serve sprinkled with scallions, cilantro leaves, and cucumber., ingredients: [1 cup uncooked longgrain rice, 4 shallots, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 12 cup chopped cilantro, plus 14 cup cilantro leaves, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon tamarind paste, softened with 2 tablespoons water, use 1 tablespoon lime juice if tamarind paste is not available, 1 anchovy fillet, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 18 teaspoon cayenne, 1 teaspoon fish sauce, 3 cups clam juice, 1 to 2 pounds white fish fillets cod, halibut, or snapper, skinned and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 6 radishes, thinly sliced, 1 cup snow peas, 2 scallions, sliced, 12 small cucumber, peeled, trimmed, seeded, and cut into thin julienne strips], title: SweetandSour Thai Fish Soup, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 59527: {instructions: Toast the Tuscan bread on a hot BBQ grill.nWhile the slices are still hot, rub the garlic halves on the toasted bread.nGenerously drizzle the extravirgin olive oil over the toasted bread. Season with a generous amount of salt. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 large slices of Tuscanstyle or dense country bread, 2 cloves garlic, halved, for rubbing, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, best available, Salt], title: Tuscan Fettunta, picturelink: null}, 59528: {instructions: For the banana bread: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 12count muffin tin with cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Whisk the vanilla and eggs together in a liquid measuring cup with a spout. Set aside.nIn a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or with an electric handheld mixer, cream the sugar and butter until light and fluffy. Gradually pour in the egg mixture while beating beat until incorporated. Mix in the bananas the batter will appear curdled, but dont worry, then remove the bowl from the mixer. With a rubber spatula, fold in the flour mixture until just incorporated. Fold in the walnuts, then the Mexican chocolate.nFor the cinnamon crumble topping: In a small bowl, mix together the flour, brown sugar and cinnamon. Cut in the butter with 2 knives until uniform.nFill the cups of the muffin tin about halfway with the batter. Spoon the cinnamon crumble topping over the muffins, pressing it lightly into the batter. Bake until the topping is golden and a toothpick inserted in the center of the muffins comes out clean, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool before serving. These muffins are great with a smear of butter., ingredients: [1 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 very ripe bananas, peeled and mashed with a fork about 1 cup, 12 cup toasted walnut pieces, 1 disk Mexican chocolate, chopped into small pieces, 34 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter], title: Cinnamon and Chocolate Banana Bread, picturelink: BGbFDl9MTVRnoWa8DkWMcILpg2vQ22C}, 59529: {instructions: Combine the butter, fish sauce and sriracha in a microwaveable container and microwave on high until melted, about 30 seconds.nIn large bowl, toss the cereals with the powdered Cheddar. Add the melted butter mixture and mix to coat. Add the nuts and cilantro and mix again.nMicrowave the cereal mixture on high for 6 minutes, stopping to stir every 2 minutes.nAdd the sour gummy candies to the cereal mixture and stir. Spread the hot mixture on a cookie sheet in an even layer. Top with an even layer of pretzels. Let rest until cooled., ingredients: [6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 to 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce, 1 to 2 tablespoons sriracha, 2 quarts puffed corn cereal, 2 quarts crisp corn cereal, such as Corn Chex, 1 packet powdered white Cheddar from a box of packaged mac and cheese, 3 to 4 tablespoons, 1 cup macadamia nuts, 14 cup fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, 2 cups sour gummy candies, chopped, 12 ounces white chocolate pretzels, chopped about 2 cups], title: Flix Mix, picturelink: TcNkqwoyoQxOveqSY1Ji6FxF4cgzWj6}, 59530: {instructions: For the brownies: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line a minimuffin pan with paper liners.nMelt the butter, oil and chocolate discs together over a double boiler, stirring until melted and smooth. Remove from the heat.nIn a medium bowl whisk together the flour with the cocoa powder, salt and baking soda.nStir the brown and granulated sugars and vanilla into the chocolate mixture with a wooden spoon. Add the eggs and beat vigorously until fully incorporated and the batter is thick and glossy. Fold in the dry ingredients until just incorporated.nSpoon the brownie batter into the cupcake liners, coming about threequarters of the way up the sides. Set aside.nFor the cheesecake topping: Using an electric mixer, beat together the cream cheese with the granulated sugar, sour cream, vanilla and egg until well incorporated. Put half of the cheesecake topping into a pastry bag or resealable plastic bag. Use a bit of pink food coloring to dye the remaining topping place into a second pastry bag.nSnip the tips of the pastry bags and pipe 3 to 4 medium dots of each color on top of the brownie batter. Use a toothpick to gently swirl the cheesecake batter and cover the brownie batter completely. Bake for about 15 minutes, then cool completely.nFor the buttercream frosting: Sift the confectioners sugar into a medium bowl. In a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the butter on mediumhigh until smooth and light, about 1 minute. Add all but 14 cup of the confectioners sugar and mix on low just to combine. Add the vanilla and increase the speed to high beat until light and fluffy, 1 to 2 minutes. Add more confectioners sugar or a bit of milk depending on how stiff or loose you want the frosting.nRemove the brownies from the pan and decorate with the buttercream frosting and candy or cookies as desired., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate discs, 34 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup Dutchprocess cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 34 cup packed dark brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 large egg, Pink food coloring, 3 cups confectioners sugar, or more as desired, 2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Milk, optional, Candies or cookies for decorating, such as pirouette cookies, white, pink or chocolate curls, dragees, edible glitter, chocolate cigars or wafer cookies], title: Mini Pink Swirled Cheesecake Brownies, picturelink: EeI1If7ijMlpr6QfarE4TkBcinnPZva}, 59531: {instructions: In a food processor combine the ground pecans, flour, salt, and sugar. Add the butter and process until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Pour in the egg white and blend it in to bind the dough until it holds together without being too wet or sticky. Squeeze a small amount of dough together, if it is crumbly, add the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nLightly coat a 12cup muffin tray with nonstick spray. Roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface to about a 2 foot square, then use a small bowl 3inches in diameter or a large 3inch ring mold as a guide to cut out circles. They should be slightly larger in diameter than the muffin tin hole, so when pressed in, the edges come halfway up the sides of the tin.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large mixing bowl, mix the eggs until frothy then blend in sugars. Stir in the melted butter, vanilla, syrup and salt until well blended. Arrange the pecans on the bottoms of the tart shells. Pour in the filling to fill the shells almost to the top. Bake until the filling is set and slightly puffed, about 25 to 30 minutes. Test for doneness by sticking a thin knife in the center of the pie, if it comes out pretty clean, youre good to go. Transfer the pies to a rack and cool.nWhile the pie is baking, make the Sweet Tea Caramel Sauce. Begin my making the tea. Bring 2 cups of cold water to a boil in a large heavy saucepan. Add the tea bags, cover and let steep for 20 minutes. Remove the tea bags squeeze them out and then return to a simmer until it has reduced by half  so you have 1 cup of really strong tea remaining. Add the 12 cup of sugar to the saucepan and continue to simmer over medium heat. Cook, swirling the pot around, until the mixture is a deep caramel color and looks like syrup, about 10 minutes. Carefully pour in the cream, be careful as it will bubble up, and continue to cook for 1 more minute. Serve with individual pecan pies and a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely ground pecans, 1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, cold and cut into small chunks, 1 egg white, chilled, 2 tablespoons ice water, only if needed, 1 cup pecan halves, 2 eggs, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup sugar, 14 stick unsalted butter, melted, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup dark corn syrup, 14 teaspoon salt, 6 earl grey tea bags, 2 cups water, 12 cup sugar, 12 cup heavy cream, 1 quart vanilla bean ice cream], title: Individual Pecan Pies with Sweet Tea Caramel Sauce, picturelink: 5LYQEi4a5iUebPFzIBEmNbtgLSWy4a}, 59532: {instructions: Preheat a medium heavy skillet. Add the pecans, chiles and garlic, toasting on all sides until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool slightly. Remove the outer peel from the garlic and remove the stems from the chiles. Transfer the pecans, garlic, chiles and13 cup water to a blender and blend until smooth. Season with salt and freshly ground black pepper.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the tortillas on a work surface and top with 4 slices of cheese, 4 slices of pear and then drizzle with about 2 teaspoons of honey per tortilla.nFold in the sides of the tortilla over the filling and roll up to fully enclose. Secure with 2 toothpicks to prevent it from opening while baking and brush with vegetable oil.nPlace the rolls on a greased baking sheet and bake until tortillas are crunchy, about 35 minutes. Let the rolls cool enough to handle, about 5 minutes. Cut into thirds and serve warm or at room temperature with the pecanchile salsa., ingredients: [14 cup pecans, 4 dried arbol chiles, 1 clove garlic, unpeeled, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 flour tortillas, warmed, 8 ounces smoked gruyere cheese, or any other smoked cheese, sliced into 12inch logs, 1 pear, such as Bartlett, cut into 14inch slices, 3 tablespoons honey, Vegetable oil, for brushing], title: Gruyere Rolls with PecanChile Salsa, picturelink: uB0UcZO06J1k35pVmq9oXM9WQixPp4S}, 59533: {instructions: Mushrooms: Pick mushrooms that are small and the gills on the underneath side are closed. Gently wash mushrooms and drain. Put all the mushrooms in large Dutch oven and begin cooking on medium heat. Water will be rendered from the mushrooms. If no liquid is rendered from the mushrooms, add 1 cup of broth to begin cooking. When the mushrooms have shriveled, add the broth and the onion soup. Cook slowly for about 2 hours until the mushrooms are darker in color and tender. If more liquid is needed, add water. After 2 hours add the wine and cook 1 hour more. The liquid should be reduced by 23 by now. Add the rosemary and butter and keep warm.nPork Tenderloin: Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Flour the tenderloin and shake off excess. Add salt and pepper. In a skillet over medium high heat, heat about 1 tablespoon of oil or a mixture of oil and butter. Saute the tenderloin until seared on all sides. Put in oven in skillet and roast for about 8 to 12 minutes until internal temperature is 170. Remove loin and keep warm. Deglaze the pan with wine, reduce by half and add a pat of butter. Add tenderloin back to pan and keep warm.nPolenta Cakes: Wrap polenta in cling wrap and refrigerate until firm. Cut polenta into rounds and dip in egg that has been beaten and dredge in flour mixed with Parmesan cheese, salt and pepper. Fry in oil until golden brown. Drain on paper towels. Make 2 per person.nTo serve: Place 2 polenta cakes on the plate 1 slightly overlapping the other. Slice tenderloin and allow 5 to 6 slices per person. Add drippings from pork loin to mushrooms. Spoon mushrooms with gravy over meat and polenta. Stand a spring of rosemary in center spearing the meat. If you want a fragrant presentation, you can light the rosemary after if has been slightly dried in the microwave.nGreen Bean Bundles: Fresh long green beans about a dozen per person 1 red bell pepper, cut into thin strips same shape as green beans Strips bacon flattened and cut in halfnMake bundle with green beans and bell pepper and wrap with bacon. You can either tie bacon or use a toothpick. Place bundles in glass pie plate with another pie plate on top and microwave on high until beans are crisp tender and bacon done. Remove toothpicks and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds button mushrooms, 6 cups beef broth not bouillon You may use canned consomme or beef broth, 2 cups French onion soup may use canned French Onion or homemade, 1 stick unsalted butter, 2 cups red wine, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary optional, 1 12 pounds pork tenderloin, Flour, Salt and pepper to taste, 1 tablespoon oil or butter, 2 to 3 tablespoons red wine, Pat butter, Fresh Rosemary sprigs one per guest, 1 package polenta, 1 egg beaten, 12 cup flour, 1 tablespoon Parmesan cheese, Salt and pepper to taste, Oil], title: Pork Tenderloin with Polenta Cakes, picturelink: null}, 59534: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Slice the potatoes 18 of an inch thick. Toss the potato slices with the olive oil. Lay the potato slices on a baking sheet. Bake for 10 minutes, or until the potato slices are crisp. Remove the potatoes from the oven and allow to cool. In a small bowl, combine the goat cheese and the sour cream. Season with salt and pepper. Using a pastry bag, pipe small rosettes of the goat cheese mixture onto the potato slices. Sprinkle with a few red pepper brunoise. Place some caviar on top of the goat cheese rosette., ingredients: [2 Idaho potatoes, sliced very thin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup of soft goat cheese, 14 cup of sour cream, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup red pepper brunoise, Caviar], title: Crisp Potato Slices with Caviar, picturelink: null}, 59535: {instructions: TO PREPARE THE PORK LOIN:nIn a pressure cooker on high heat, brown pork in oil on all sides to sear in juices. Season with salt and pepper. Then add water or broth to pan enough so theres about 1 12 inches in the bottom of the cooker. The amount of liquid depends on the size of your roastfor 3 pounds use 1 12 inches of liquid  add 12inch more per each pound. Pressure cook for 1 12 to 2 hours so pork is extremely tender and falls apart. This is important to the dish. When pork is done, remove from pot and keep the meat juice to serve on pork and dumplings. Prep time on this is about 15 minutes to get a good, rich searing. Pressure cooking time is about 1 12 to 2 hours depending on how tender you want your meat.nOven method: Pierce pork with a knife, slice 3 cloves of garlic and insert in different spots of roast. Season with salt and pepper. In a heavy cast iron pot, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil and on high heat, brown pork to sear in juices. Add 2 cups beef broth and 14 cup vermouth this will also deglaze the pan and cover the pot with lid. Place in a preheated 350 degree oven for 1 to 1 12 hours, and frequently baste with pan juices. Be sure to periodically check your roast, as you want the roast to be pink and juicy inside, not dry and gray. After the pork is done, remove from pan and save the meat juices Combine 2 tablespoons cornstarch with 14 cup cold water. Slowly add cornstarch mixture to thicken the juices for passing and to serve over pork and dumplings. This gives the juices a richer, heartier flavor that sticks to the pork and dumplings, unlike the traditional thinner juices to pass however, Grandma and Grandpa always preferred the traditional thinner juice. Prep time on this is again, about 15 minutes to get a good searing, and cooking time anywhere from 1 hour to 1 12 hours. While your meat is cooking, you can prepare the dumplings.nPOTATO DUMPLINGS:nCombine dumpling ingredients well. Put out on floured bread board and knead more flour in until stifflike bread dough and it isnt sticky to your hands. Break off small pieces and form into flat balls, drop into rapidly boiling water. Bring back to a boil and cook 10 to 15 minutes. Cut 1 and if it isnt sticky inside, they are done.nNOTE: If you have more people  say 8  mix potatoes for 8 and add more flour for 10 or more, add 3 eggs and more flour.nPrep time10 to 20 minutes depending on how much kneading you have to do to get the dough not sticky.nCooking time  about 20 to 25 minutes or until the dumplings arent doughy and sticky on the inside.nSAUERKRAUT:nIn a heavy bottomed pot, heat olive oil and then add onion cook until transparent. Then add sauerkraut and caraway seed, salt not much pepper, beef bouillon, and vermouth, to taste. Let this simmer for about 30 to 45 minutes, until the flavor is all the way through the sauerkraut. Serve along side the pork.nPrep time about 10 minutes.nCooking time about 45 minutes or until you taste the flavor through the sauerkraut.nTo serve, which was usually done homestyle, you place some pork, a dumpling cut it up into hearty, bit size pieces, and some sauerkraut on the plate. Then pass, and spoon or drizzle some of the meat juices you saved, either thick or thin, over your pork and dumpling....this ties everything all together, and you get a forkful of flavor in each bite.nThere you have it, hearty, stick to your ribs pork, dumplings and sauerkraut an excellent dish on a cold, frosty night, ingredients: [3 pounds pork loin, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and pepper, to taste, Water approximately 6 cups, or beef broth if you dont get a good browning on your roast, 2 eggs, 2 to 3 cups flour, plus more for kneading, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 medium white onion, chopped fine, 1 to 2 jars sauerkraut with caraway seeds you may add more caraway depending on your taste, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 teaspoon beef bouillon powder or 12 cup liquid beef bouillon, or to taste, 2 tablespoons vermouth], title: Pork Loin, Sauerkraut and Dumplings, picturelink: null}, 59536: {instructions: Bring the heavy cream to a simmer over medium heat in a small pan. While it is heating combine the sugar and lemon juice in a medium pan. Put it over medium heat and cook, stirring constantly, until it reaches a light amber color. Carefully pour the cream into the sugar it can splatter, whisking constantly. Continue to cook and whisk for another 1 or 2 minutes. Let the caramel cool for a few minutes, then drop it by the tablespoonful onto a baking sheet lined with waxed paper. Let cool a few more minutes, then drop a small mound of salmon roe on top of each caramel. Serve., ingredients: [4 ounces heavy cream, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, juiced, 4 ounces salmon roe], title: Caramels with Salmon Roe, picturelink: HU2iaxTDAvokWZKJqUvNiEQbDTVATDe}, 59537: {instructions: In a large pot add enough water to cover the chestnuts and bring to a boil. Add the chestnuts and cook for approximately 45 minutes. Drain the chestnuts and peel off the outer shells., ingredients: [24 large fresh chestnuts], title: Boiled Chestnuts, picturelink: null}, 59538: {instructions: For the cake: Position an oven rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom and sides of a 9by13inch pan.nWhisk the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl set aside. Whisk the buttermilk and vanilla in a spouted measuring cup set aside.nBeat the sugar and butter in a stand mixer or a large bowl if using a hand mixer at medium speed until very light in color and fluffy, about 5 minutes, scraping down the side of the bowl as needed. Slowly add the eggs and beat until fully incorporated. Reduce the speed to the lowest setting with the mixer running, alternate beating in the flour mixture in three additions and the buttermilk mixture in two, starting and ending with the flour mixture. Scrape down the side of the bowl, and beat until the batter is well mixed. Spread into the prepared pan.nBake the cake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 30 minutes, rotating the pan halfway through. Let cool in the pan for 30 minutes. Using a fork, poke holes in the top and all the way through the cake.nBring 1 cup water to a boil, pour over the gelatin in a small bowl and stir until completely dissolved, about 2 minutes. Stir in 12 cup cold water. Pour the mixture evenly over the cooled cake. Refrigerate for 2 hours. Put a large bowl for whipping the cream in the refrigerator.nFor the sweetened berries: While the cake chills, hull and quarter the strawberries. Toss with the granulated sugar in a medium bowl, and set aside until soft and juicy, about 1 hour.nFor the topping: Remove the cake from the refrigerator. Whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla in the chilled bowl until fluffy. Spread it over the cake, slice the cake and serve with the strawberries., ingredients: [2 sticks 1 cup unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for greasing the pan, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 14 cups buttermilk, well shaken, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups sugar, 3 large eggs, at room temperature, lightly beaten, One 3ounce box strawberry gelatin, 2 pounds strawberries, 3 tablespoons sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, cold, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Strawberry Poke Cake, picturelink: OgdYLn8L2d5aavgtmTL7DN2xm2eeM3O}, 59539: {instructions: In a medium bowl, using a wooden spoon, blend the goat cheese with the cheddar cheese, mayonnaise, pimientos, scallions, pickle relish, onion powder and Tabasco season with salt and pepper.nTransfer the spread to a bowl and serve with radishes and celery.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 11ounce log fresh goat cheese, softened, 4 ounces smoked cheddar cheese, shredded 1 packed cup, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup drained jarred pimientos, coarsely chopped, 2 scallions, white and green parts, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon Tabasco sauce, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Halved radishes and celery sticks, for serving], title: Pimiento Goat Cheese Spread, picturelink: XP2tbMIb6xhPw.nkrPDT8nNtRCaTaCe}, 59540: {instructions: To a wok or saucepan over a low flame, add oil. Oil should be cold. Add garlic. Fry garlic for about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove when garlic chips are brown and place towels to drain. Add spinach, and pepper flakes. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Garnish with garlic chips., ingredients: [13 cup extra virgin olive oil, 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 4 bunches spinach, washed and dried, Pinch hot pepper flakes], title: Sauteed Spinach and Garlic Chips, picturelink: null}, 59541: {instructions: Put the green tea bags into a heatproof container and pour in 1 quart boiling water. Let steep until it comes to room temperature, about 1 hour. Remove the tea bags and discard.nWhile the tea is steeping, in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat, bring 1 cup water, the sugar, and ginger to a boil. Stir to dissolve the sugar, remove from the heat, and allow to cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Store the tea and ginger simple syrup in the refrigerator until ready to serve.nTo serve, fill glasses with ice and pour in the tea. Sweeten, to taste, with the ginger simple syrup. Garnish with a slice of ginger. For the adults, top each with 12 cup prosecco, if desired., ingredients: [3 green tea bags, 12 cup sugar, 1inch piece ginger, sliced, plus more for garnish, 1 bottle prosecco optional], title: Iced Ginger Green Tea, picturelink: AA4qIbS72pS90a0vdBTVWDJZg55ApW}, 59542: {instructions: Add raisins to rum set aside. Let marinate for 10 minutes. Add half the raisins and 1 tablespoon of the curry oil to the Greek yogurt. Mix and set aside for 1 hour.nIn a medium saute pan, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil. Add onions, jalapeno, ginger, and lamb cook until lamb is cooked through.nTo the lamb mixture, add all the other ingredients, along with the remaining rumsoaked raisins. Remove from heat and let cool.nOn a floured cutting board, roll out dough to 18inch. Cut out 5inch diameter disks.nAdd one tablespoon lamb mixture to each disk of dough. Fold dough over and seal edges firmly with thumb. Repeat process.nPlace on parchment lined cookie sheet and bake at 350 degrees F for 25 minutes or until golden brown.nBring entire mixture to simmer for 2 minutes. Strain and let cool.nIn a large bowl, mix together flour, salt and sugar. Add shortening into flour and mix until crumbled, then mix in water and eggs.nKnead for 10 minutes, then cover with plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes before rolling out., ingredients: [12 cup raisins, 13 cup rum, 34 cup Greek yogurt, 4 tablespoons Curry Oil, recipe follows, 1 cup onions, 1 teaspoon diced, seeded jalapeno pepper, 1 teaspoon minced ginger, 12 pound 8020 ground lamb, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro leaves, 2 teaspoons chopped mint leaves, 4 tablespoons pine nuts, roasted, Dough, recipe follows, 34 cup vegetable oil, 14 cup curry powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoons turmeric, 3 whole cloves, 2 whole red chiles, crushed, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 8 tablespoons shortening, 14 cup water, 2 eggs], title: Lamb Curry Empanadas, picturelink: fCYdsEX0ahL4ZznOI1WGyFl2v6OyD1O}, 59543: {instructions: Fill a bowl with ice and water. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fava beans and cook until just tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and shock in ice water. Drain again and remove outer skins. Place the beans in a medium serving bowl. In a small bowl, combine the lemon juice, garlic and olive oil and whisk until blended. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Pour the mixture over the beans and mix well. Add the cheese, sprinkle with the parsley and serve., ingredients: [4 cups shucked fresh fava beans, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 pound Manchego cheese, shaved thinly or Asiago or Romano, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley], title: Fava Bean Salad with Lemon Vinaigrette and Shaved Manchego Cheese, picturelink: null}, 59544: {instructions: Heat 1 cup fruit juice in small saucepan until it just simmers, do not cook for any length of time. Turn off heat and stir in sugar, if using. Place remaining 1 cup cold juice in a medium bowl and sprinkle gelatin over, stir, let sit for 2 minutes and stir again. Add warm juice to cold juice, stir, and pour mixture into 8 by 8inch pan. Refrigerate until firm, 4 hours, and cut into cubes., ingredients: [2 cups cold allnatural fruit juice or juice blend, 14 to 13 cup sugar if using very tart juice such as Pomegranate or Cranberry, 1 envelope unflavored gelatin], title: Homemade Fruit Gels, Basic Recipe, picturelink: null}, 59545: {instructions: In a blender or food processor, combine lemon juice, oil, Parmesan, garlic, anchovy paste, red chili paste, mustard, and Worcestershire sauce. Puree until smooth. Season, to taste, with salt and black pepper.nArrange lettuce leaves on a serving platter and top with salmon and croutons. Pour over dressing and serve., ingredients: [13 cup fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 peeled garlic cloves, 1 12 teaspoons anchovy paste, 1 teaspoon red chili paste, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups chopped Romaine lettuce leaves, 2 cooked salmon fillets, broken up into 2inch pieces about 2 cups, 1 cup seasoned croutons], title: Salmon Salad with Red ChileCaesar Dressing, picturelink: NU53Xebbs7rHUvxtR24Pc.1hc9Teu}, 59546: {instructions: Dice carrots then cook in boiling water until tender yet crisp. Drain and allow to cool. Combine tomato soup, vegetable oil, sugar, vinegar, dry dill and salt and bring to a simmer. Let cool to room temperature. Pour mixture over carrots. Add green pepper and onion along with the mix and carrots., ingredients: [2 pounds carrots, 1 can tomato soup, 1 cup vegetable oil, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups vinegar, 1 teaspoon dry dill, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large green pepper, diced, 1 large onion, diced], title: Sweet and Sour Carrots or Copper Pennies, picturelink: k0Od3JscpFCT64vHSowUhO7pSaNzNGe}, 59547: {instructions: Fill a cocktail shaker or small pitcher with ice. Add the bourbon, cranberry juice, lemon syrup, and bitters. Cover and shake vigorously until thoroughly mixed and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, the drink is ready by the time the shaker mists up. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Drop 2 to 3 cranberries in the glass. Drink.nPut the lemon wedges, sugar, and water into a saucepan bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat and simmer for 15 minutes. Cool and refrigerate for up to 2 weeks., ingredients: [1 12 ounces bourbon, 1 12 ounces cranberry juice, 1 to 2 teaspoons lemon syrup, recipe follows, 3 dashes orange bitters, Fresh cranberries, lightly smashed and soaked in bourbon, Serving suggestion: Chilled cocktail glass, 2 lemons, pitted and cut into small wedges, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup water], title: Bourbon Bog, picturelink: gm52epU3C69fBjyx3mvYCmaUzeYUJ76}, 59548: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high and brush the grates with vegetable oil. Put the potatoes in a microwavesafe bowl, cover and microwave until just tender, about 5 minutes. Toss the beef with the olive oil in a large bowl and season with salt and pepper. Thread the beef, potatoes and asparagus onto eight 10inch skewers.nCombine the ketchup, mustard, vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, the Worcestershire sauce, steak sauce and red pepper flakes in a small bowl. Grill the kebabs, turning occasionally, until marked, about 6 minutes for medium rare. Serve with the sauce.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [Vegetable oil, for the grill, 12 pound fingerling potatoes, halved lengthwise, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 bunch asparagus, cut into 1to2inch pieces, 14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 teaspoons steak sauce, Pinch of red pepper flakes], title: Steak and Potato Kebabs, picturelink: 5AKRKFVpc23G0fpPu1UT2EHhiVIey}, 59549: {instructions: Mince and mash the chiles into a paste with a large knife, then mix with the adobo sauce, cumin and thyme in a small bowl. Season the lamb chops with salt and coat with the chile mixture.nHeat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven or wide deep skillet over high heat. Add the lamb chops and cook until browned on both sides and a crust starts to form, 8 to 10 minutes.nStir in the onion and cook until soft, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, cilantro, bay leaves and cinnamon, and cook until the garlic is soft, about 3 minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juices use a wooden spoon to break up the tomatoes and scrape up the browned bits from the bottom of the pot. The chops should be barely submerged in liquid add up to 12 cup water, if needed. Cook until the meat is tender and the sauce is slightly thickened, about 20 minutes. Serve the chops with the sauce.nPer serving: Calories 285 Fat 11 g Saturated 3 g Cholesterol 91 mg Sodium 607 mg Carbohydrate 13 g Fiber 2 g Protein 31 gn, ingredients: [2 chipotle chile peppers in adobo sauce, plus 2 tablespoons sauce from the can, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 teaspoon dried thyme, 8 bonein lamb shoulder chops about 2 pounds, Kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup chopped white onion, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves and stems, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 28ounce can whole plum tomatoes, preferably fireroasted], title: Chipotle Lamb Chops, picturelink: null}, 59550: {instructions: Preheat the broiler.nBring a large pot of cold water to a boil over high heat and salt it generously. Add the spaghetti and boil, stirring occasionally, until al dente. Drain.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a large Dutch oven or deep stovetop casserole dish over medium heat. Scatter the flour over the butter and mix with a wooden spoon into a paste. Continue stirring in a figure 8, making sure to get into the corners of the pan, until the paste puffs slightly and lightens in color, about 1 minute. Off the heat gradually whisk the milk into the paste. Return to mediumhigh heat and whisk until thickened, then simmer, stirring occasionally until the sauce has the consistency of heavy cream, about 8 to 10 minutes. Whisk in the cream cheese, Worcestershire sauce, and nutmeg. Season with salt, pepper.nReduce heat to low and whisk 1 cup Monterey Jack. Stir in the broccoli, peas, pepperoni and spaghetti, and heat until warmed through.nTop casserole with the remaining 1 cup cheese transfer to the broiler, and cook casserole until brown and bubbly. Cool slightly and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound spaghetti, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 12 stick, 13 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 14 cup cream cheese, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 pinch ground nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups grated Monterey Jack about 7 ounces, 1 16ounce box frozen broccoli, or 1 pound fresh broccoli, lightly cooked, 1 10ounce bag frozen peas, 8 ounces pepperoni, diced], title: Pepperoni, Pasta, and Vegetable Casserole, picturelink: null}, 59551: {instructions: For the beef: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nChop the crabmeat and place in a bowl. Add the mayonnaise and chives, and mix to combine. Season with salt, pepper and the lemon juice. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake a shallow cut lengthwise into the beef and then continue cutting along the curve, until the beef is a flat sheet. Sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper. Spread the crab mixture in an even layer on the beef, then place the asparagus lengthwise over the crab with the tips poking out. Roll up the beef to make a pinwheel, then use butchers twine to tie it together in 1inch increments. Heat an ovenproof saute pan over high heat and add some oil. Sear the beef on all sides, then transfer the pan to the oven and cook until the internal temperature hits 130 degrees F, 30 minutes. Remove the meat from the pan and rest on a cutting board before slicing.nFor the potatoes: Place the potatoes in a saucepan filled with cool salted water. Cook the potatoes until tender, then drain and cool. Using your thumb or a spoon, smash the potatoes until they break apart slightly. In a straightsided saute pan add enough oil to come 1inch up the sides of the pan. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer reads 365 degrees F. Add the rosemary and fry until crispy, then remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Fry the potatoes until golden brown and crispy, then remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Season with the flaky sea salt and pepper, and garnish with the fried rosemary.nFor the bearnaise: In a small saucepan set over mediumhigh heat, combine the vinegar, wine, shallots, bay leaf and half of the tarragon. Bring to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool. Pour through a fine mesh sieve to strain out the solids.nIn the pitcher of a blender, add the yolks and the vinegar reduction. With the blender running, add onethird of the butter in a slow, steady stream. Once it emulsifies, increase the blender speed to high and add the remaining butter. Add the remaining tarragon leaves, then season with salt and pepper and give it one more buzz. Set aside in a warm spot to hold the sauce.nSlice the beef into two portions and serve with the potatoes and bearnaise sauce., ingredients: [2 king crab legs, meat removed, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 bunch chives, finely chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, juiced, One 1 14pound beef tenderloin, trimmed of silver skin, 6 to 8 thin asparagus, ends trimmed, Canola oil, for searing, Kosher salt, 8 ounces Yukon gold potatoes, Canola oil, for frying, 12 bunch rosemary, Flaky sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup champagne vinegar, 14 cup dry white wine, 2 medium shallots, minced, 1 bay leaf, 1 bunch tarragon, 3 egg yolks, 1 stick butter, melted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: OscarStuffed Beef Tenderloin with Rosemary Potatoes and Bearnaise, picturelink: ZxrKxCSEfOSCjWDvX5tMGF12mlBrMu}, 59552: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nRinse chicken and pat dry. Combine mustard, garlic, marjoram and maple syrup in a small bowl. Spread about 1 12 tablespoons mustard mixture evenly on top of each chicken thigh, being careful to cover as much of the surface as possible to form a crust. Arrange chicken in a glass baking dish. Bake for 45 to 50 minutes, or until mustard mixture has formed a crust and is slightly hardened, and juices run clear when the chicken is pierced., ingredients: [4 large bonein chicken thighs, skins removed about 1 12 pounds, 2 tablespoons grainy French mustard, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 clove minced garlic, 12 teaspoon dried marjoram, 2 tablespoons maple syrup], title: MapleMustard Chicken Thighs, picturelink: P1e7c5zrUHdxNpPWHdOqvEixg25.ee}, 59553: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Bring 1 12 cups water to a simmer in a large saucepan.nMeanwhile, add the grits, 12 cup of the Cheddar, 2 tablespoons of the butter and a few grinds of black pepper to a 2quart casserole dish. Pour in the simmering water, and whisk until there are no lumps.nToss the shrimp with 14 teaspoon salt in a medium bowl set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons of the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the bread and a pinch of salt to the butter, toss quickly to coat, then transfer to a small bowl set aside.nWipe out the skillet, and melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter over medium heat. Add the scallions reserve 1 tablespoon for garnish, andouille, celery, bell pepper and garlic, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the celery and bell pepper soften, about 8 minutes. Sprinkle in the flour, stir for 1 minute, then add the chicken broth, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt and 18 teaspoon black pepper. Scrape up the flavorful bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon. The mixture should come to a simmer quickly, then remove from the heat and stir in the shrimp. Immediately spread the shrimp mixture evenly over the grits in the casserole dish. Top with the bread and the remaining 12 cup Cheddar.nBake the casserole until the shrimp is opaque and cooked through and the top is golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Sprinkle with the reserved scallions. Serve with extra hot sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 13 cups instant grits four 1ounce packets, 1 cup shredded Cheddar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, Freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound large peeled and deveined shrimp, tails removed, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups crusty bread, crust removed, bread torn into 12inch pieces, 2 large scallions, sliced, 1 link andouille sausage, sliced into halfmoons 3 ounces, 1 stalk celery, diced, 12 red bell pepper, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 12 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, plus more for serving, Juice of 12 lemon], title: ShrimpandGrits Casserole, picturelink: be.GUosrupzyzAJVWOerX8fxkUGBD5i}, 59554: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMake the salad: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the bacon on a baking rack set in a rimmed baking sheet and bake until crispy, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool, then crumble.nMeanwhile, make the Russian dressing: Pulse the mayonnaise, garlic, red onion, pickle relish, ketchup and chili sauce in a food processor until slightly smooth. Add the eggs and pulse a few more times until combined. Season with salt and pepper.nDivide the iceberg wedges among 6 salad plates, spoon the Russian dressing over the tops, then garnish with crumbled bacon and chopped tomato., ingredients: [6 slices bacon, 1 head iceberg lettuce, cut into 6 wedges, 1 tomato, chopped, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 clove garlic, 1 tablespoon minced red onion, 1 tablespoon sweet pickle relish, 1 tablespoon ketchup, 1 tablespoon sweet chili sauce, 2 hardboiled eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Russian Wedge Salad, picturelink: zkvlZ56hbVuPXjWzxMttFkyqSyfUgAe}, 59555: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the onions and cut the cherry tomatoes in half. Mix together in a bowl, then add 12 cup sherry vinegar and leave to marinate for 30 minutes.nPlace the shallots into a small saucepan and add the remaining 12 cup sherry vinegar. Pick off the tarragon leaves, set aside, and add the stalks to the pan. Bring the vinegar mixture to a boil and allow to reduce by 23. Remove pan from heat and start to whisk in the diced butter. Keep the pan warm but do not allow it to get hot as this will cause the butter to separate and will split the sauce. When all the butter has been whisked in, pass the sauce through a sieve into a clean pan and keep warm.nRemove the onion and cherry tomatoes from the marinade and place in a saucepan. Sweat the mixture over the medium heat until the tomatoes start to break down. Add approximately 12 of the remaining marinade and cook slowly over moderate heat for 30 minutes.nWhile the tomatoes and onions are cooking, take the sea bass fillets and the scallops and season them with salt and pepper. Sear the sea bass fillets in a very hot nonstick frying pan, skinside down first. When golden brown, remove from the frying pan, place onto a baking tray and cook in the oven for 3 to 4 minutes. Do exactly the same with the scallops.nBlanch the baby asparagus and chives separately, in boiling, salted water. Remove from the water and tie the asparagus into bundles of 10 using a blanched chive.nTo assemble, put 1 piece of sea bass on each plate and top with the confit of tomatoes. Place the second piece of sea bass on top and lean the asparagus bundle against the sea bass. Take the tarragon leaves that were set aside and roughly chop them. Add the tarragon to the warm sauce and spoon sauce around plate. Add a scallop to the side of each plate and serve., ingredients: [4 spring onions, 3 ounces Spanish onion, 5 ounces cherry tomatoes, 12 cup sherry vinegar, plus 12 cup, 1 12 ounces shallots, finely chopped, 6 sprigs tarragon, 4 ounces butter, diced, 8 3ounce sea bass fillets, 4 large scallops, Salt and pepper, 40 baby asparagus, 4 whole chives], title: Seared Fillet of Seabass with Tomato and Onion Confit and Sherry Vinegar Nage Infused with Tarragon, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 59556: {instructions: Cook fusilli according to package directions.nMeanwhile, heat oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add mushrooms and saute 3 to 5 minutes, until mushrooms soften. Add chicken and thyme and cook 1 minute. Add sherry and cook 1 minute. Add chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Whisk together flour and milk and add to chicken mixture. Simmer 2 to 3 minutes, until sauce thickens.nRemove from heat, add cheese and stir until cheese melts. Add fusilli and toss to combine. Fold in black olives. Serve green beans on the side., ingredients: [1 pound fusilli, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 ounces sliced mushrooms any variety, Cooked chicken fingers about 12 strips, cut into 1inch pieces, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 14 cup sherry, 1 cup reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 12 cup milk, 1 cup grated Havarti cheese, 13 cup sliced black olives], title: Creamy Fusilli with Mushrooms and Chicken, picturelink: FgkxEYdZIFjSCVZqr7Xu7e7NvWXUcy}, 59557: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nGenerously butter and flour a 7 by 5inch baking dish or 6 individual, wide, flat gratin dishes.nAdd the cherries, in an even layer, to the prepared baking dish.nIn the bowl of a food processor, add the almonds, sugar, flour and salt and pulse until they are coarsely chopped. In a large bowl, using a whisk, combine the eggs, milk, vanilla and lemon zest until they are homogeneous. Add in the melted butter and the flour mixture and whisk until smooth. Pour over the cherries.nBake in the preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the center is set and the top is golden brown.nDust with powdered sugar and serve with ice cream or whipped cream or bothnOh cherry baby, ingredients: [12 stick butter, melted, plus more for baking dish, 12 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for baking dish, 1 pound fresh cherries, pitted and cut in 12 or 1 box frozen cherries, 12 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 12 cup sugar, Pinch salt, 4 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 lemon, zested, Powdered sugar, Ice cream or whipped cream, for garnish], title: Cherry Clafoutis, picturelink: null}, 59558: {instructions: Add 12 cup of oil in a large saucepan and heat. Add the venison and brown, in batches, and set aside. Add pepper, onion, celery, jalapeno, and garlic and saute over a low heat until they are tender.nAdd the remaining oil, all of the dry spices and the venison and stir, completely incorporating the ingredients. Add the stock, beer, beans, tomatoes, and chipotle puree.nCover and simmer for 2 to 3 hours or until venison is fork tender. Check for seasoning and serve. Serve with grated manchego and pickled jalapeno., ingredients: [12 cup peanut oil, plus 12 cup, 3 pounds venison shoulder, cut into 34inch cubes, 1 green pepper, diced, 2 cups diced red onion, 3 celery stalks, diced, 3 jalapenos, diced, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chili powder, 2 tablespoons dried Mexican oregano, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 2 tablespoons ground cayenne, 2 tablespoons ground chipotle, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 cups veal stock, 1 bottle beer, 1 small can chipotles, pureed, 2 cups cooked black beans, 1 16ounce can peeled and diced tomatoes, Grated manchego, for garnish, Chopped pickled jalapeno, for garnish], title: Venison Chili, picturelink: null}, 59559: {instructions: In a large pot, bring dashi just to a boil, then add the salt, soy sauces, sugar and mirin. Stir to dissolve, then bring the broth back to a gentle boil, and add the chicken pieces. Simmer until the chicken is tender, about 10 minutes, skimming any foam. Add the onions, mushrooms, and cabbage and simmer another 2 to 3 minutes.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of unsalted water to a rapid boil. Add the noodles, bring back to a boil, and cook, stirring occasionally, until they just begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Drain noodles in a colander and rinse under cold running water while rubbing noodles to remove surface starch. Serve immediately, placing noodles in individual warm, deep bowls. Ladle hot broth over the noodles, and arrange pieces of chicken, onions, and mushrooms on the noodles. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 cups dashi, 2 teaspoons salt, 3 tablespoons each: dark soy sauce and light soy sauce, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons mirin, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breasts or thighs, cut into bitesized pieces, 6 green onions, cut into 2inch lengths and halved lengthwise, 6 to 8 fresh shiitake mushroom caps, crisscrossed on top with knife, 14 head Napa cabbage cut into 1inch squares, 1 pound fresh, refrigerated or frozen udon noodles], title: Udon with Chicken and Scallions Tori Nanba Udon, picturelink: bRcPbFHGglP1Af3J1wx.aokNAS.R7JG}, 59560: {instructions: To mellow the raw bite of the onion, soak the slices in cold water for 10 minutes, then drain, pat dry, and put them in a serving bowl.nPeel the tough, stringy fibers from the celery ribs. Slice the celery and some of the inner leaves very thinly on an angle. If you have a chunk of soppressata, dice it if slices, cut them into thin strips. Toss the celery, soppressata, basil, lemon zest, and lemon juice with the onion. Season with salt and a generous grinding of pepper. Toss the salad with the olive oil.nDivide the salad among 4 serving plates. Use a vegetable peeler to shave large, thin pieces of ParmigianoReggiano over each serving and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 medium red onion, very thinly sliced, 1 pound celery about half a bunch, with leaves, 3 ounces soppressata salami, in a chunk or sliced see ShopSmart, below, 6 fresh basil leaves, torn into small pieces, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2ounce wedge ParmigianoReggiano cheese], title: Celery and Soppressata Salad with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 59561: {instructions: Combine all ingredients together in a blender and pulse until ice is incorporated. Then puree until smooth.nCopyright u00a9 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [1 Granny Smith apple, cored, skin on, 12 ripe Hass avocado, 12 apple juice, 12 cup ice, 3 sprigs mint leaves, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice], title: Apple and Avocado Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 59562: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the bread and water and allow to soak for a few minutes. Place in a food processor with the peppers, onion, cucumber, garlic, and salt, to taste, and process until smooth. Add the tomatoes, vinegar, and olive oil and process until smooth.nTo serve, place in small bowls and garnish with diced tomatoes, peppers, and cucumbers. Drizzle with sherry vinegar., ingredients: [16 ounces bread crumbs, 16 ounces water, 2 green bell peppers, diced, 1 Spanish onion, diced, 1 cucumber, seeded and diced, 3 cloves garlic, Salt, 2 pounds tomatoes, 6 ounces sherry vinegar, 8 ounces olive oil], title: Gazpacho Andaluz, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 59563: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour two 9inch round cake pans.nStir together the sugar, flour, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a stand mixer bowl. Add the eggs, milk, oil and vanilla beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Stir in the boiling water the batter will be thin. Pour the batter into the prepared cake pans.nBake for 30 to 35 minutes, or until a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes, and then unmold the cakes onto wire racks and let cool completely.nFor the frosting: Wipe out the mixer bowl with paper towels and lemon juice to remove any trace of grease. Add the egg whites and sugar, and heat over a pot of simmering water, whisking constantly but gently, until the mixture reaches 140 degrees F on a candy thermometer. If you dont have a candy thermometer, the sugar should be completely dissolved and the egg whites hot.nTransfer the mixer bowl to the stand mixer and whip on high speed, using the whisk attachment, until the meringue is white, thick and glossy, and holds stiff peaks, 8 to 10 minutes.nSwitch over to the paddle attachment and, with the mixer on low speed, add the butter cubes, one at a time, mixing until fully incorporated and smooth. Add the vanilla, salt and hazelnut spread. Makes 10 cups.nTo assemble: Level and tort both cakesyou will now have 4 layers. Place one cake layer on a cake board, spread with a generous layer about 12 inch of the hazelnut buttercream, and sprinkle the toffee crunch on top. Repeat until you have stacked all 4 cake layers. Frost the cake with the remaining buttercream. Slice and enjoy., ingredients: [2 cups sugar, 1 34 cups, 34 cup cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 12 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 cup boiling water, Lemon juice, for wiping out bowl, 10 large egg whites, 2 12 cups sugar, 3 cups 6 sticks unsalted butter, cut into cubes, plus for greasing cake pans, 1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon, Pinch salt, 3 tablespoons hazelnut spread, 12 cup chopped toffee crunch bar], title: Chocolate Cake, picturelink: qIiS64R3wq1Y7zwtiCpO0PrB0Q5Ai}, 59564: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degree F.nSpread the bread on a baking sheet and bake until the bread is dry, about 15 minutes. Set aside to cool. Leave the oven heated.nMelt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the celery, red onions, green onions, garlic, parsley, oregano, sage, thyme, salt and pepper, and saute until the celery is tender and the onions are translucent, 6 to 8 minutes.nGenerously butter a 13by9by2inch glass baking dish and some foil. Throw the bread chunks in a large bowl, add the warm veggie blend and cooked sausage and toss together until combined. Whisk together the eggs and chicken broth. Add to the stuffing mix and toss to coat. Toss in the Parmesan. Transfer to the prepared baking dish, cover with the buttered foil and bake for 30 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until golden, about 30 minutes more.nThis recipe was provided by a chef, restaurant or culinary professional and may have been scaled down from a bulk recipe. The Food Network Kitchens chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 loaf French bread with crust, cut into 1inch cubes, 10 tablespoons butter, plus more for greasing, 2 cups finely chopped celery, 14 cup diced red onion, 1 bunch green onions, chopped, 1 clove garlic, minced, 34 cup fresh Italian parsley leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh oregano leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh sage leaves, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves, chopped, 1 teaspoon coarse kosher salt or sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup cooked and drained sage sausage, such as Jimmy Dean, 3 eggs, 1 cup lowsalt chicken broth, 3 ounces grated Parmesan], title: ShareLess Thanksgiving Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 59565: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the dough: In a small saucepan, combine the milk, butter and salt and bring to a medium heat. When the butter has melted, add the flour and whisk to combine. Switch over to a wooden spoon and cook the dough until it pulls away from the sides of the pan and it has a slightly sweaty sheen on it, 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the dough to a mixing bowl and let cool for 2 to 3 minutes. Using an electric mixer beat in the eggs 1 at a time. Do not add the next egg until the last one is completely combined.nPlace the batter in a pastry bag outfitted with a large star tip. Reserve.nTo make the chocolate sauce: Place 1inch of water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil.nIn a heatproof mixing bowl, combine the chocolate, heavy cream, butter and corn syrup. Heat, stirring occasionally, until the chocolate is melted and all the ingredients are well combined.nCover the bowl with plastic wrap and remove the saucepan from the heat. Reserve.nFor the cinnamon sugar: In a bag or large mixing bowl, combine the sugar and cinnamonnIn a large saucepan heat the oil to 325 degrees F.nPipe the dough into the hot oil in sticks or desired shapes I kinda like to make mine a little curly. This might be a little tricky at first, but youll get the hang of it. Fry the dough until it is brown and crispy on all sides, 60 to 90 seconds total, turning frequently. Fry in batches.nRemove the churros from the oil, blot on paper towels for a second and then toss in the cinnamon sugar. Be sure to do this while the churros are still hot. Serve immediately, while churros and melted chocolate are warm., ingredients: [1 cup milk, 12 stick unsalted butter, Pinch kosher salt, 1 cup flour, 4 eggs, 3 cups peanut or veggie oil, for frying, 9 ounces Mexican chocolate, 12 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons light corn syrup, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, Pinch salt], title: Churros con Chocolate, picturelink: 1eE7RT.AZBar5upLzaQrbsYPrBAyysm}, 59566: {instructions: For the marinade: Place the garlic, shallots, onions, parsley, and vegetable oil in a food processor, and puree. Transfer the garlic mixture to a container, and set aside. For the chicken: Put the chicken pieces in a bowl and add half of the Amise marinade, cover, and marinate in the refrigerator for a maximum of 24 hours. In a widebased pan, heat the sugar and vegetable oil over mediumhigh heat. Swirl the glaze until the sugar caramelizes and browns, approximately 7 to 10 minutes. As soon as the sugar caramelizes, add the chicken pieces, in one layer skinside down and brown the chicken on all sides, about approximately 5 minutes. Add the onion, chile, plantain, tomatoes, and Worcestershire sauce to the pan, and stir. Pour in the chicken stock, and bring the ingredients to a boil. Add in the reserved marinade and reduce the heat to medium. Cook for 30 to 40 minutes, and season the dish with salt, to taste. Turn off the heat. Transfer the chicken to a serving plate and garnish with the cilantro leaves just before serving., ingredients: [6 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 shallots, coarsely chopped, Bunch green onions, trimmed and chopped, Bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves and stems coarsely chopped, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 3pound whole chicken, cut into pieces, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup vegetable oil, 12 white onion, cut into small dice, 1 green chile, seeded and halved lengthwise, optional, 1 unripe plantain, halved lengthwise and chopped, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup chicken stock, Kosher salt, 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: TrinidadianStyle Chicken, picturelink: null}, 59567: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large pot over medium heat. When it shimmers, add the garlic, ginger, and Thai red curry paste and cook, stirring constantly, until dark red and very fragrant, about 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, coconut milk, fish sauce, lemongrass, 1 teaspoon salt and a pinch of sugar. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer and cook, uncovered, until the lemongrass and ginger are tender, about 15 minutes. Discard the lemongrass.nMeanwhile, put the noodles in a medium bowl and cover with hot water. Let stand for 10 minutes, then drain and set aside. Toss together the red onion, cilantro, scallions and Thai basil in a medium bowl and set aside.nStir the chicken into the broth and simmer over low heat until tender, 5 minutes for chicken breast and about 15 minutes for chicken thighs. Increase the heat to high and stir in the noodles. Bring the soup to a boil, then immediately remove from the heat. Stir in the lime juice. Serve the soup in bowls topped with the reserved onion and herb mixture., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, One 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and thinly sliced, 6 tablespoons Thai red curry paste, 8 cups lowsodium chicken broth, One 13.5ounce can coconut milk, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, One 4inch piece lemongrass, lightly bruised, Kosher salt, Pinch of sugar, 2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breast or thighs, thinly sliced, 3 ounces dried rice vermicelli noodles, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, 13 cup cilantro leaves, 1 bunch scallions, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced, 13 cup torn Thai basil leaves, Juice of 1 lime], title: Red Thai Curry Chicken Soup, picturelink: r7gghVHG4Ke0zuLTV76KfGgfAI2b6bK}, 59568: {instructions: Make the vinaigrette: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Put the poblanos on a baking sheet and roast, turning, until browned, about 15 minutes. Transfer to a bowl, cover and let sit 5 minutes. Peel the poblanos with your fingers, then halve, seed and roughly chop.nCombine the roasted poblanos, vinegar, garlic, honey, canola oil and 2 tablespoons water in a blender puree until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.nMake the queso fundido: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat add the flour and cook, whisking, 1 minute. Whisk in the milk and cook, whisking, until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the monterey jack. Add 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Turn on the broiler.nScrape the cheese mixture into an 8inch castiron pan and arrange the goat cheese rounds on top. Broil until golden brown in spots. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and sprinkle with the cilantro. Serve with tortilla chips.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [2 poblano chile peppers, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 large clove garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon honey, 14 cup canola oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 cup whole milk, 12 ounces monterey jack cheese, grated about 3 cups, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 ounces goat cheese, sliced into 8 rounds, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, Multicolored tortilla chips, for serving], title: Queso Fundido With Roasted Poblano Vinaigrette, picturelink: D383zUzJRuXR5QImVIwmnHb5xHeCSMS}, 59569: {instructions: Set a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Add the almonds and toast until golden brown, about 5 to 7 minutes. Season with salt and set aside.nReturn the pan to medium heat if you have 2 pans you can work simultaneously at this point, i.e. 2 fillets per pan and add a 2count of olive oil and 1 tablespoon of butter to each pan.nPut the flour in a shallow dish and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In another shallow dish, whisk together the eggs and milk and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the fillets in the seasoned flour, then dip them into the egg mixture. Allow some of the excess egg to drain off, then add them to the hot pan. Cook 2 pieces at a time. Fry for 1 12 to 2 minutes, then carefully turn the fish over to cook the other side. With a spoon, baste the fillets with the butter sauce. Repeat basting to ensure the fish remains moist. Once the other side is cooked about 30 seconds carefully remove the fillets from the pan to a serving platter. Repeat with remaining 2 fillets and a 2count of oil and 1 tablespoon of butter. Once the fillets have been removed the pan, add the chopped shallots and gently saute over low heat until translucent, about 1 minute. Deglaze the pan with the white wine and finish with the lemon juice. Swirl in the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the parsley and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. To serve, spoon the sauce over the top of the fillets and sprinkle generously with the toasted almonds., ingredients: [2 cups blanched slivered almonds, Kosher salt, Extravirgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 eggs, 1 cup milk, 4 cleaned sole fillets 6 ounces each, 1 large or 3 small shallots, finely chopped, 1 cup white wine, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 chopped flatleaf parsley, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sole Almondine, picturelink: null}, 59570: {instructions: Remove bananas from the bunch. Place whole bananas with skins on a preheated grill to medium. Grill for about 7 minutes turning once until the skins begin to brown and soften.nRemove the bananas from the grill with tongs. Place them on a platter. Serve banana right in its skin. Using a paring knife, carefully cut a slit down the length of the banana and press it open to reveal the flesh. Top with a dollop of creme fraiche and some diced strawberries. Finish it off with a drizzle of honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon. Serve warm.nDannys note: This dish is a great makeyourown dessert. Just set out a tray of grilled bananas and bowls of the toppings. Guests can top assemble their own desserts., ingredients: [20 bananas, ripe but still firm, 2 cups creme fraiche, 2 cups diced strawberries, 1 cup honey, for drizzling, Ground cinnamon], title: Grilled Bananas with Cinnamon Creme Fraiche and Honey, picturelink: cMVabOS64AGPfIoi96NlU5262qTPgtC}, 59571: {instructions: Begin by activating the yeast. In the bowl of a stand mixer with the dough hook or large mixing bowl attachment add the warm water, yeast and pinch of sugar. Stir and set aside until the yeast has dissolved, about 10 minutes.nTo the bowl add the 14 cup of sugar, salt, egg, and the evaporated milk. With the mixer on low, add half the flour and mix until just combined. Add the shortening, and then gradually add the remaining flour until the dough forms into a mass. Turn off the mixer and transfer to floured surface. Add more flour, if needed, until you have an even, mediumtextured it should be pretty firm dough. Add the dough to a large buttered bowl and cover with plastic wrap. Let the dough rest for at least 3 to 4 hours, or overnight in the refrigerator.nOnce rested, gently turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Sprinkle a little more flour on top so you can work with the dough. Gently shape the dough into a 1inch thick rectangle so it can be cut into squares. Using a sharp knife or pizza cutter cut into squares, you should yield 12 large squares, depending on how thick you rolled the dough.nPreheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nHeat about 3 inches of oil in a large, heavybased pot over medium heat, you want to make sure there is plenty of room as the beignets will puff up when cooked to 350 degrees F. Fry the beignets in batches, about 3 minutes per batch. Turn them in the oil while they fry to brown evenly on both sides. Remove from the oil a paper towel lined sheet pan and keep warm in a low oven while you cook the remaining dough. To serve, transfer beignets to a serving platter and dust generously with powdered sugar., ingredients: [34 cups warm water, 1 packet active dry yeast, 14 cup granulated sugar, plus a pinch, Pinch kosher salt, 1 large egg, 12 cup evaporated milk, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more as needed, 2 tablespoons vegetable shortening, Butter, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 1 cup powdered sugar for dusting], title: Beignets, picturelink: null}, 59572: {instructions: In a heavy pot, add enough oil to fill halfway. Heat until a deepfrying thermometer reads 350 degrees F or the handle of a wooden spoon begins to sizzle immediately when dipped in the oil.nAdd the plantains and fry until bright yellow and slightly golden brown, about 4 minutes. Remove from the oil with a slotted spoon to a sheet of parchment paper. Make sure all pieces are standing tall on the cut side, then place another sheet over the top. Using a small plate, glass or other flat item smash each piece into a 14inch jagged circle.nPlace the plantain discs back in the oil and fry for 4 to 6 more minutes or until the edges are golden brown. Remove to a wire rack and sprinkle with salt., ingredients: [Vegetable or peanut oil, for frying, 2 green plantains, peeled and cut into 2inch pieces, Flaked sea salt], title: TwiceFried and Mashed Green Plantains Tostones, picturelink: DzfeMnFh7shRKtWIFubQwnuOlWL22aW}, 59573: {instructions: Remove roast from pan and pour off any fat. Place over high heat use 2 burners if necessary and deglaze pan with wine and broth, scraping any bits stuck to the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon or spatula. Once these solids are dissolved, pour liquid into a saucepan and add the bay leaf and peppercorns. Reduce for 5 minutes over high heat or until reduced by 13.nAt this point you basically have a jus which could be used to sauce your roast. To create a gravy, reduce the heat to medium and whisk in 2 tablespoons of white roux. Return to a simmer, whisking constantly. Continuing to cook once a simmer has been reached will result in a smoother sauce, but not a thicker one.nSince all starch thickened sauces thicken as they cool, its a good idea to make your gravy a little on the loose side., ingredients: [1 cup red wine, 2 cups beef, chicken, or vegetable broth, 1 bay leaf, 5 to 6 black peppercorns], title: Gravy from Roast Drippings, picturelink: tNgynxDjXkBzvWLIyWg9InZtVKRKJCK}, 59574: {instructions: Make Classic Shortbread dough, beating the seeds from 1 vanilla bean and 12 teaspoon crushed toasted anise seeds with the butter. Whisk 2 cups confectioners sugar and 2 12 tablespoons orange juice spread over the finished shortbread and slice. Top with candied orange slices., ingredients: [], title: OrangeAnise Squares, picturelink: AJZtmPmwLDLIR7z6AvGmEjvuoXQLsai}, 59575: {instructions: Mix the brown sugar, halfandhalf, butter and salt in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Cook while whisking gently for 5 to 7 minutes, until it gets thicker. Add the vanilla and cook another minute to thicken further. Turn off the heat, cool slightly and pour the sauce into a jar. Refrigerate until cold., ingredients: [1 packed cup brown sugar, 12 cup halfandhalf, 4 tablespoons butter, Pinch salt, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract], title: Easy Caramel Sauce, picturelink: WYSS6UL5pqxLKtgu6hdm5GOOcF6k2}, 59576: {instructions: Divide pepperoni evenly among 4 slices bread top each with 12 cup cheese. Top with remaining 4 slices bread.nHeat griddle or large skillet over medium heat.nMeanwhile, top each of 4 slices bread with 1 slice cheese. Top each with another slice each bread and cheese and remaining slice bread. Butter top and bottom of each sandwich.nOn griddle, cook each sandwich until golden brown on both sides and cheese is melted. Cut each sandwich into 2 triangles., ingredients: [1 5 ounce package Hormelu00ae Pepperoni Minis, 12 slices white or wheat sandwich bread, 8 slices American cheese, 14 cup butter, softened], title: Pepperoni Grilled Cheese, picturelink: yY36Pw7t5wKutSKN27.LwrbSHldEuq}, 59577: {instructions: Special equipment: One 3inch deep 9inch springform pan a 10 by 15inch jellyroll pannPosition a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter the bottom of the springform pan and line with parchment or waxed paper. Set aside.nTo make the base: Beat together the butter and sugar by hand until light and fluffy. Beat in the yolk until smooth. Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt. With a rubber spatula, gently fold into the butter mixture. The mixture will be crumbly.nPlace the dough in the pan and use your hands to pat it down evenly and firmly over the bottom. Bake for about 25 minutes, until the crust is golden and baked through. Transfer to a rack and reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F.nTo make the batter: In the bowl of a heavyduty mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the cream cheese on the lowest speed just until smooth, no more than 30 seconds. Stop the mixer and scrape down the bowl and beater. Add the sugar in a stream, mixing for no more than 30 seconds. Stop and scrape again. Add 1 cup of sour cream and mix only until it is absorbed, no more than 30 seconds. Repeat with the remaining sour cream. Add the eggs 1 at a time, mixing only until each is absorbed stop and scrape after each addition. Beat in the vanilla extract.nWrap heavyduty aluminum foil around the bottom of the springform pan so it comes at least 1 inch up the sides. Pour the batter into the pan. Place the pan in a jellyroll pan or roasting pan and pour warm water into the pan to a depth of 12inch.nBake the cheesecake for about 55 minutes, or until it is lightly colored and firm except for the very center. Remove from the oven and lift the cheesecake out of the hot water. Remove the foil and let cool completely on a rack. Wrap the cheesecake and chill overnight.nTo unmold the cheesecake, run a knife or thin spatula around the inside of the pan pressing the knife against the pan, not the cake. Unbuckle the pan side and lift off. Leave the cake on the base, or run a spatula under the cake base and slide the cake onto a platter., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 1 cup allpurpose flour spoon flour into drymeasure cup and level off, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 pound cream cheese, 1 cup sugar, One 16ounce container sour cream, 3 large eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract], title: Sour Cream Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 59578: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a large bowl stir together oats, almonds, coconut, pumpkin or sunflower seeds, and salt. In a small saucepan melt butter with honey over low heat, stirring. Pour the butter mixture over oat mixture and stir until combined well.nIn a large jelly roll pan spread granola evenly and bake in middle of oven, stirring halfway through baking, until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool granola in pan on a rack and stir in dried fruits. Granola may be kept in an airtight container at cool room temperature 2 weeks., ingredients: [3 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 23 cup sliced almonds, 12 cup unsweetened desiccated coconut, 13 cup hulled green pumpkin seeds or sunflower seeds, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons honey, 1 cup mixed dried fruits such as raisins, cherries, and apricots], title: Almond Coconut Granola, picturelink: null}, 59579: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the yogurt in a strainer lined with a paper towel. Put the strainer over a bowl and place in the refrigerator to drain and thicken for at least 4 hours and up to 8 hours.nIn a medium bowl, beat the oil, sugar and egg until creamy. In a separate bowl whisk together the wholegrain pastry flour and the allpurpose flour. Gradually add the flour mixture to the eggoil mixture, stirring, until they are combined and a soft dough is formed. Roll the dough into a ball and refrigerate for 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a mini muffin tin or tartlet pan with cooking spray.nRoll the pastry dough into a 18inch thick sheet. With a biscuit cutter or small glass make 24 rounds, about 2 12 inches in diameter. Place rounds in the pan and bake for 15 minutes, or until crisp. Remove tartlets from oven and set aside to cool completely. You can make the shells up to 3 days in advance and store them in the refrigerator in an airtight container.nTransfer the drained yogurt from the strainer to a small bowl. Discard the liquid. Fill each tartlet with 1 teaspoon of thickened lemon yogurt. Place about 2 teaspoons of diced mango and 2 slices of kiwi and a mint leaf on top of each tartlet. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Serve immediately after filling.nExcellent source of: Thiamin, Vitamin CnGood source of: Vitamin A, Vitamin K, ingredients: [1 12 cups nonfat lemon flavored yogurt, 14 cup canola oil, 14 cup sugar, 1 egg, 34 cup wholegrain pastry flour, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 mango, finely diced, 3 kiwi fruits, peeled, quartered and sliced, 24 small mint leaves, 2 teaspoons confectioners sugar], title: Kiwi and Mango Tartlets, picturelink: PTzUizQfWGeYl2k6drxB3veWYskSnpi}, 59580: {instructions: Special equipment: a widemouth, heatproof 1quart jarnPut the turnips, beet and garlic into a widemouth, heatproof 1quart jar.nIn a small saucepan, bring the vinegar, salt, sugar and 1 12 cups of water to a boil. When the salt and sugar are fully dissolved, pour the brine over the vegetables to fill the jar. Leave to cool. When completely cool, cover the jar and chill for 1 week., ingredients: [1 pound turnips, peeled, quartered and sliced 14 inch thick, 1 small red beet, peeled and quartered, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup white vinegar, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Pickled Turnips, picturelink: CoVMPKM972rwVMgvzWObGMS2lKrh4a}, 59581: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a saucepan, add the cream, coriander seeds, fennel seeds, peppercorns and bay leaves. Turn the heat up to high and bring to a boil. Once a boil is reached, reduce the heat to medium and stir regularly to prevent burning and boilover.nOnce the cream is reduce by threequarters, strain through a fine mesh strainer into another saucepan. Return the pan with the strained cream to a medium flame and stir in the Cheddar. Once the Cheddar is fully incorporated, add hot sauce and cracked black pepper to taste.nAdd the macaroni, peas and ham hock to the pan and stir well. Add the IPA and continue stirring until hot. Add salt to taste and place in large ramekin. Top with the chopped bacon and breadcrumbs. Bake until the breadcrumbs become golden brown and crispy., ingredients: [3 cups heavy cream, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 2 fresh bay leaves, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, Hot sauce, such as Tapatio, Cracked black pepper, 3 cups elbow macaroni, cooked, 1 cup peas, cooked, 14 cup shredded braised ham hock, 14 cup WestCoast style IPA, Salt, 1 tablespoon chopped bacon, 14 cup breadcrumbs], title: IPA Mac and Cheese, picturelink: null}, 59582: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine the ground meat with the eggs and mix well. Add the meat mixture and breadcrumbs to the bowl of a small stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment and mix until well combined. Add the Parmesan, parsley, garlic powder, salt and pepper and mix on medium speed for 3 minutes do not over mix. Scoop out 18 meatballs using an icecream scoop or form the meatballs to icecreamscoop size. Mix the mozzarella, capicola, provolone, ham and salami in a mixing bowl. Stuff each meatball by making a hole in the middle and placing 1 tablespoon of the meatandcheese mixture in the center. Seal the meatballs well by pinching them back together. Bake, covered with foil, 45 minutes., ingredients: [1 pound 8020 beef, 1 pound 937 beef, 5 large eggs, 2 cups seasoned breadcrumbs, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons dried parsley, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 5 slices spicy capicola, diced, 5 slices sharp provolone, diced, 5 slices Black Forest ham, diced, 5 slices Genoa salami, diced], title: Stuffed Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 59583: {instructions: In a small heavy saucepan bring halfandhalf just to a boil with vanilla bean and ginger and remove pan from heat. Scrape seeds from vanilla bean with a knife into pan, reserving pod for another use.nWhile halfandhalf mixture is heating, in a bowl with an electric mixer whisk together eggs and sugar until light and fluffy. Add hot halfandhalf mixture in a stream, beating, and transfer to a saucepan. Cook custard over moderately low heat, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon, until thickened 170 degrees F on a candy thermometer, but do not let it boil, and strain through a fine sieve into metal bowl. Set bowl in a larger bowl of ice and cold water and cool sauce, stirring occasionally. Chill sauce, covered, at least 2 hours, or until very cold. Creme anglaise may be made 2 days ahead and chilled, covered., ingredients: [1 34 cups halfandhalf, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 3 tablespoons finely chopped crystallized ginger, 2 large eggs, 14 cup sugar], title: Ginger Creme Anglaise, picturelink: null}, 59584: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a baking dish or sheet pan, toss the carrots, beets and bok choy in 2 tablespoons olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Bake until the vegetables have caramelized and turned golden in color, about 20 minutes. Let cool.nMeanwhile, whisk together the extravirgin olive oil, apple cider vinegar and raspberry vinegar in a small mixing bowl. Season the dressing with salt and pepper and reserve for later use.nChop the bok choy into 1inch pieces and toss into a large mixing bowl the leaves will fall apart, but crumble them into the mixing bowl too. Add the carrots, beets, quinoa, cranberries, pepitas, parsley and orange segments to the mixing bowl. Drizzle with the vinaigrette and toss to evenly incorporate. Season with salt and pepper. Top with the crumbled goat cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [5 small carrots about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 3 large beets about 1 pound, peeled and cut into 12inch pieces, 1 medium head bok choy, cut in half lengthwise, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon raspberry vinegar, 1 cup cooked quinoa, 14 cup dried cranberries, 14 cup pepitas toasted pumpkin seeds, 1 heaping tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 blood orange, peel and white pith removed, cut into chunks or segmented, 14 cup crumbled goat cheese], title: Roasted Vegetable Quinoa Salad, picturelink: Wq1ng50LxvOBlIbLpeGF.PkHaHgXkHK}, 59585: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the pork chops into a glass baking dish or bowl and pour the chilled Base Brine over top. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight.nAbout an hour before serving, make the salsa. Combine the pineapple, zucchini, mint, olive oil, chardonnay, shallots, jalapenos, ginger and some salt and pepper in a mixing bowl. Let marinate 1 hour. This is best if allowed to marinate for 1 hour, but you can also serve it straight away if necessary.nWhen ready to cook the pork, prepare a grill for mediumhigh heat. Remove the pork chops from the brine, pat dry and allow to sit out while the grill is preheating.nSeason the pork chops on all sides with salt and pepper. Place onto the hot grill and cook until the internal temperature registers 145 degrees F on a meat thermometer, 7 to 8 minutes per side for medium. Allow the pork chops to rest for 5 minutes before serving topped with the salsa.nCombine the brown sugar, salt, peppercorns, garlic, thyme, rosemary, bay leaf and 8 cups 2 quarts water in a large stockpot and heat just to dissolve the salt and sugar. Chill thoroughly before using., ingredients: [Four 1inchthick bonein pork chops 8 to 10 ounces each, Base Brine, recipe follows, 23 cup smalldiced pineapple, 23 cup smalldiced zucchini, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, torn, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chardonnay or white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon finely chopped shallots, 1 teaspoon finely minced jalapenos, 14 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup brown sugar, 13 cup kosher salt, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 sprig fresh thyme, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 1 bay leaf], title: Grilled Pork Chops with Spicy ZucchiniPineapple Salsa, picturelink: Sb8u3UrMpM06TUgjACEO4uDxO2eTENO}, 59586: {instructions: Line a large sieve with a double layer of paper towels. Place a bowl under the sieve and pour the yogurt into the sieve. Refrigerate for as long as possible to allow the liquid to drain off the yogurt. This will take a minimum of 5 to 6 hours.nHeat a little milk in a small pan. Place two teaspoons of the milk into a small bowl and crumble the saffron strands into it the rest of the milk can be used in another dish. Allow the saffron to infuse the milk for about 10 minutes using the back of a spoon to crush the saffron further into the milk.nRemove the yogurt from the refrigerator the liquid in the bowl below can be discarded. Transfer the yogurt to a medium mixing bowl. Sift the sugar into the thickened yogurt, then add the saffron milk and ground cardamom. Cover the bowl, and chill in the refrigerator.nTo serve, divide the yogurt among 4 bowls and garnish with the nuts, silver leaf, if using, and pomegranate seeds., ingredients: [1 34 pints 28 ounces whole milk yogurt or 1 pint 17 12 ounces Greekstyle yogurt See Cooks Note, Milk, for infusing, 12 teaspoon saffron threads, 6 to 8 tablespoons icing sugar confectioners, 14 teaspoon freshly ground green cardamom seeds, 2 tablespoon chopped unsalted pistachios, 2 tablespoon flaked or sliced almonds, Edible silver leaf, Pomegranate seeds], title: Sweet Saffron Yogurt: Shrikand, picturelink: null}, 59587: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Coat a 9inch springform pan with cooking spray. Wrap the bottom and sides of the pan with a large piece of foil and place the pan on a rimmed baking sheet. Put the pita chips into a food processor and pulse until fine. Add the butter and process until the crumbs are moistened. Press the crumbs into the bottom and about 12 inch up the sides of the prepared pan. Bake until the crust is slightly dry in appearance and fragrant, about 5 minutes. Cool completely.nMeanwhile, combine the yogurt, cream cheese, eggs, sugar, flour, vanilla, lemon zest and 12 teaspoon salt in a food processor and process until well blended and smooth. Pour over the prepared crust and bake until the center is just set, 40 to 50 minutes. Let cool completely on a wire rack, then cover and chill in the refrigerator for at least 3 hours or overnight.nMeanwhile, put the blueberries and pineapple juice in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and cook for 5 minutes, then remove from heat. Sprinkle the gelatin over 1 tablespoon water in a small bowl and let stand 5 minutes. Stir the dissolved gelatin into the hot blueberry mixture until combined. Transfer the mixture to a medium bowl, cover and chill until thickened, about 3 hours.nAfter chilling the cheesecake, remove the springform ring. Slice and serve, topped with the blueberry sauce. If the sauce is too thick, rewarm it in the microwave for 20 seconds at a time before spooning over the cheesecake., ingredients: [Cooking spray, 2 cups cinnamonsugar pita chips, lightly crushed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 17ounce container plain 2percent Greek yogurt, 8 ounces reducedfat cream cheese, at room temperature, 3 large eggs, 34 cup sugar, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest, Kosher salt, 2 cups frozen wild blueberries, 34 cup unsweetened pineapple juice, 1 teaspoon unflavored gelatin], title: Greek Yogurt Cheesecake, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 59588: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace the yogurt in a medium bowl. Grate the cucumber on a box grater on the largest grating side and squeeze it with your hands to remove most but not all of the liquid. Add the grated cucumber to the yogurt. Add the sour cream, lemon juice, vinegar, dill, garlic, 2 teaspoons salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper and combine. Taste for seasonings.nTo serve, artfully arrange salad plates with slices of feta, drizzle them with olive oil, and sprinkle with thyme leaves. Add the olives, pita triangles, and the tzatziki and serve cold or at room temperature.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees.nSlice the pita bread into 8 triangles and place them on a sheet pan. Place the sheet pan in the oven and toast the bread for 10 minutes., ingredients: [2 7ounce containers Greek yogurt, such as Fage Total, 1 hothouse cucumber, unpeeled, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon minced fresh dill, 1 12 teaspoons minced garlic 2 cloves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound feta, sliced, Good olive oil, Fresh thyme leaves, 12 pound large kalamata olives with pits, Toasted Pita Triangles, recipe follows, 1 loaf pita bread], title: Easy Tzatziki with Feta, picturelink: pOExF3PMnpDHJGCQMVfjw1PHiWhYeje}, 59589: {instructions: Special equipment: a doughnut cutternFor the doughnuts: Mix the allpurpose flour, cake flour, baking powder and salt with a whisk until homogenous.nIn a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and butter until smooth, then add the eggs. Add the yogurt and mix until smooth. Slowly add the dry ingredients, then add the blueberries and juice. Do not overmix If the mix is too wet, add a bit of flour. Cover and let the dough rest for at least 30 minutes in the fridge.nHeat the oil until a deepfrying thermometer inserted into the oil reaches 350 degrees F less and you will get greasy doughnuts, more you will get burnt doughnuts.nRoll out the dough on a floured surface, roughly 34inch thick, then cut out the doughnuts into any shape you want. Drop the doughnuts into the hot oil a few at a time. Pay attention, this next bit is important cook them just until they float, about 20 seconds. As soon as they float, flip them over. Once you flip them, do not mess with them Just let them cook. When they are completely done on one side, flip them and cook on the other side. Again, do not mess with the doughnuts Let them cook until done Pull the doughnuts out and let them cool on a wire rack.nFor the glaze: Mix up the confectioners sugar, milk, salt and lemon juice to taste. When the doughnuts are cool to the touch, glaze them. Then eat and enjoy., ingredients: [1 14 cup allpurpose flour, plus more if needed, 1 cup cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch kosher salt, 12 cup plus 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 whole egg plus 1 egg yolk, 23 cup plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup frozen blueberries, thawed and juice reserved, 1 12 liters canola oil, 2 cups confectioners sugar, 14 cup whole milk, Pinch salt, Lemon juice], title: Blueberry Greek OldFashioned Doughnut, picturelink: null}, 59590: {instructions: Place the ginger, sugar, and 12 cup of the water into a 2quart saucepan and set over mediumhigh heat. Stir until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from the heat, cover and allow to steep for 1 hour.nPour the syrup through a fine mesh strainer set over a bowl, pressing down to get all of the juice out of the mixture. Chill quickly by placing over and ice bath and stirring or set in the refrigerator, uncovered, until at least room temperature, 68 to 72 degrees F.nUsing a funnel, pour the syrup into a clean 2liter plastic bottle and add the yeast, lemon juice and remaining 7 cups of water. Place the cap on the bottle, gently shake to combine and leave the bottle at room temperature for 48 hours. Open and check for desired amount of carbonation. It is important that once you achieve your desired amount of carbonation that you refrigerate the ginger ale. Store in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks, opening the bottle at least once a day to let out excess carbonation., ingredients: [1 12 ounces finely grated fresh ginger, 6 ounces sugar, 7 12 cups filtered water, 18 teaspoon active dry yeast, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice], title: Ginger Ale, picturelink: SvPaWxmi7rodK032yYyH7DtE6z4j5Oi}, 59591: {instructions: Heat large saute pan on grates of the grill over medium heat. Add couscous and toast until lightly golden brown.nBring 6 cups of water to a boil over high heat, add 1 tablespoon salt and toasted couscous and cook until al dente. Drain well and place in a large bowl. Add grilled vegetables, olives, basil, and vinaigrette and toss until combined season with salt and pepper. Let sit at room temperature for 30 minutes before serving or cover and refrigerate.nWhisk shallot, juice, zest, vinegars, and salt and pepper together in a small bowl. Slowly whisk in oil until emulsified., ingredients: [12 pound Israeli couscous, Salt, 12 spears asparagus, grilled and cut into 14inch pieces, 1 zucchini, halved, grilled and cut into 1inch pieces, 1 yellow squash, halved, grilled and cut into 1inch pieces, 2 large red peppers, grilled, peeled and diced into bitesize pieces, 12 cup kalamata olives, pitted and chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, Freshly ground black pepper, LemonBalsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 1 small shallot, minced, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 3 tablespoons aged balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Toasted Israeli Couscous with Vegetables and LemonBalsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: aPO3YTvpBGAibgeGgElMA.2iFW8dQ6a}, 59592: {instructions: Spice Rub: Mix all ingredients together in a small bowlnLamb: Preheat grill to high and attach rotisserie. Brush the lamb with oil, season with salt and rub completely with spice rub. Sear the lamb on both sides until golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes per side. Attach the lamb to the rotisserie and cook with the cover closed for 1 14 to 1 12 hours for medium rare doneness.nApricot Chutney: Preheat grill or side burner. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add onions and cook until soft and lightly golden, approximately 6 to 7 minutes. Add garlic and ginger and jalapeno and cook for 2 minutes. Add apricots, sugar and vinegar and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add cilantro and season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve at room temperature., ingredients: [14 cup Hungarian paprika, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 4 cloves garlic, smashed to a paste, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 boneless leg of lamb 7 pounds, Spice rub, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large yellow onions, finely sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 jalapeno, finely chopped, 2 cups apricots, soaked in hot water for 30 minutes, drained, then coarsely chopped, 3 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 cup cider vinegar, 14 cup coarsely chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Moroccan Spice Rubbed Leg of Lamb with Apricot Chutney, picturelink: null}, 59593: {instructions: Mix ingredients together and season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 large tomato, cored, seeded, and coarsely chopped, 1 white onion, coarsely chopped, 2 limes, juiced, 14 cup chopped cilantro, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Pico de Gallo, picturelink: 8C7Ve4rlb4cEULcenk5Ly56K8D71LL2}, 59594: {instructions: Blend 5 cups of any chopped fruit we used strawberries, cantaloupe, pineapple, honeydew, watermelon and mango with 3 cups water, 12 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons lime juice. Add more sugar andor lime juice to taste and serve over ice.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Aguas Frescas, picturelink: QYoejWbesoJK2xlkspJfBpwWdEpPxF.}, 59595: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Saute scallions and garlic in oil and place on the bottom of an oiled 8inch casserole. Mix flour, milk, sour cream and eggs and herbs, butter and seasoning. Place vegetables in casserole. Pour egg mixture on top and cover with crumbled feta. Bake 40 to 45 minutes, ingredients: [1 bunch scallions, sliced, 1 clove minced garlic, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 tablespoons rye flour, 1 12 ounces milk, 23 cup sour cream, 4 eggs beaten, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 tablespoon chopped flat leaf parsley, 2 tablespoons melted butter, Salt and pepper, to taste, 1 cup cooked chopped spinach, 2 red peppers, small dice, 6 ounces crumbled feta cheese], title: Baked Polish Omlette Drachena, picturelink: null}, 59596: {instructions: In a large bowl whisk together the egg yolks and the sugar until pale yellow and thickens up.nCombine the whole milk, heavy cream and 1 vanilla bean, sliced in half lengthwise in a saucepan. Heat the mixture just until it starts to bubble along the edges. Do not allow the mixture to boil. Remove from the heat.nRemove the vanilla bean and scrape out the seeds with the tip if a small knife and add the seeds back into the milk mixture. Discard the vanilla bean shell.nWhile whisking the egg mixture add in about a cup of the warm milk mixture and combine together. Then add in the rest of the egg mixture to the milk. Heat the mixture slowly to 175 to 180 degrees F. The custard should be thickened and coat the back of a wooden spoon. Do not allow the custard to simmer.nStrain the custard through a fine mesh sieve, cover and refrigerate until well chilled.nYou can transfer this custard into the ice cream maker and follow manufacturers instructions. This will make vanilla gelato, or you can make the following variations.nEspresso: add 12 cup of chilled espresso coffee into the custard.nChocolate: add 3 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate into the warm custard before chilling.nPistachio or hazelnuts: In a blender add 6 ounces shelled pistachios with the heavy cream and puree before adding into the saucepan.nAmaretto: Stir in 12 cup of crushed amaretto cookies into the milk before heating and add 1ounce amaretto liqueur into the finished chilled custard before freezing., ingredients: [5 large egg yolks, 34 cup sugar, 2 14 cups 18 ounces whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 vanilla bean], title: Gelato di Crema  Vanilla Cream Base for Gelato, picturelink: null}, 59597: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSoak lettuce leaves for about 10 minutes in ice water to reduce bitterness. Wrap in damp paper towel to keep moist until ready to serve.nIn large saute pan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the garlic and saute briefly until brown. Add the onion and brown lightly, about 3 minutes. Reduce the heat to medium, add a pinch each of salt and pepper go easy on the salt because the anchovies will add that extra bit of saltiness. Continue to cook until the onion is well browned, about 5 minutes. Add the anchovies and cook and stir until they melt into the onion. Add the chili flakes, then the caper juice and stand back to avoid getting splattered. Stir and scrape all around the pan. Add 14 cup of the vinegar, return the heat to high, and boil until reduced and thick, 1 to 2 minutes.nIn a separate pan, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil in a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the eggplant and saute until browned and cooked through, about 6 minutes. Saute only a small bunch at a time, to avoid letting the eggplant boil in its own juices. If the pan gets too dry, add more olive oil as the cooking progresses  if you add too much olive oil early in the process, the eggplant will absorb all of it and still need more. Make sure to scrape the bottom of the pan well so nothing burns. Season with salt and pepper. Scrape into a bowl.nAdd the garlicanchovy mixture to the eggplant with the capers and remaining vinegar. Stir well, then scrape into a bowl. Stir in the roasted peppers and parsley and taste again for seasoning. Let cool to room temperature before serving.nWhen ready to assemble, place 1 to 2 tablespoons of caponata in chilled lettuce cups. Wrap into ball and enjoy.nBrush peppers with olive oil this carries the heat into crevices, helping the skin to blister more evenly. Roast the peppers whole under a broiler or on the stovetop, or grill, turning occasionally until the skins blister and char all over.nPlace in paper bag, and let steam to loosen the skins, for about 15 minutes. Working over the bowl to catch any juices, peel off the skins. Seed the peppers, then slice into long strips and place in a clean bowl. Pour the juices left in the steaming bowl over the peppers and refrigerate for up to several days., ingredients: [12 whole radicchio leaves, 10 cups ice water, Caponata:, About 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 12 cups diced onion 14inch dice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 anchovy fillets, chopped, 2 teaspoons chili flakes, 2 tablespoons caper juice, 13 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 eggplant about 1 pound peeled and diced into small pieces see Chefs Note, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped capers, 12 cup peeled, seeded, and 14inch diced roasted red bell peppers, recipe follows, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 4 whole red peppers, 12 cup olive oil], title: Radicchio Lettuce Cups with Caponata, picturelink: LqgAoQQuEhjYVkXvN2W2PDwYr.026za}, 59598: {instructions: Combine the flour and water in a bowl and knead until it forms a smooth round ball similar to a stiff pizza dough. Cover the dough and set aside.nPut the mashed potatoes, red onion, fenugreek leaves, garam masala, and cilantro into a bowl and mix well. Taste for seasoning and add salt, and pepper, to taste.nTake a piece of dough about the size of a golf ball and roll it into a disc with your fingers. Lightly dust a work surface with flour and using a lightlyfloured rolling pin, roll out the disc into a thin patty like a tortilla.nPlace 14 cup of the filling into the middle of the patty and then fold the edge of the dough over the mixture and form into a ball, with the filling in the center. Roll out the paratha gently, being careful not to squeeze the filling out.nPut a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and place a paratha into it. Cook until brown bubbly spots appear and then flip the paratha and cook the second side until it is done, about 3 minutes per side. Continue until all the parathas are done., ingredients: [2 cups whole wheat flour, 34 to 1 cup water, 1 cup mashed potatoes, 2 tablespoons minced red onion, 1 tablespoon dried fenugreek leaves, 1 tablespoon garam masala, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Pinch salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Potato Parathas, picturelink: null}, 59599: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl whisk together the oil, vinegar and mustard. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nToss the spinach with the dressing until evenly coated then divide the spinach among 4 serving plates.nCore the apple and slice it into matchsticks. Sprinkle a quarter of the apple pieces on top of each salad. Follow with the walnut pieces. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 ounces baby spinach leaves about 5 cups lightly packed, 1 Granny Smith apple, 13 cup walnut pieces, toasted in a dry skillet over a mediumhigh flame until fragrant, about 2 minutes], title: Spinach and Green Apple Salad, picturelink: ZbBGsjxvfe7ZYmz40GPpjVoDm7Bu}, 59600: {instructions: Special equipment: an immersion blender and a cocktail umbrella or whatever fun garnish youd likenCut off a small piece of the bottom of the watermelon so that it can sit without rolling. Set the watermelon in a bowl to stabilize it and catch any dripsoverflow. Using an immersion blender but not turning it on yet, press it gently into the top of the watermelon and twist to score the rind. Then twist and push harder, working in a circle to pop out the top plug of rind. If your immersion blender head is not sharp, you may have to use a knife to help get the plug out.nNow for the fun part: Press the immersion blender into the flesh and pulse to start liquefying it. Make sure to scrape down the sides and be careful not to go through the bottom. The process can be a little messy, so wear an apron. Once the flesh is mostly liquid, top it off with lemonade and a shot of vodka or rum if desired.nGarnish with lemon slices, mint sprigs and a cocktail umbrella or other fun garnish., ingredients: [1 small watermelon, rind washed well, Lemonade, as needed, 2 ounces vodka or white rum, or as needed, optional, Lemon slices, for garnish, Fresh mint sprigs, for garnish], title: Watermelon Tiki Drinks, picturelink: b4uVlDwhMli2CtgMwgAiS395L9IRMxW}, 59601: {instructions: In a food processor puree all the ingredients until smooth season to taste with salt and pepper, ingredients: [4 small garlic cloves, pressed or minced, 12 cup packed basil leaves, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 13 cup olive oil, 12 cup Parmesan cheese, Salt and freshly black pepper], title: Pistou Addition, picturelink: null}, 59602: {instructions: Make the seasoning: Whisk the seasoning salt, red pepper flakes, cayenne, poultry seasoning, lemon pepper and 2 teaspoons black pepper in a small bowl. Set aside 2 tablespoons seasoning in a separate bowl.nRinse the wings under cold water and place in a shallow baking dish. Sprinkle with the seasoning, then refrigerate, covered, 1 hour.nMake the batter: Whisk the eggs, hot sauce, red pepper flakes, cayenne and 1 teaspoon black pepper in a medium bowl. Put the flour in a shallow dish or pie plate.nIn a large deep fryer or Dutch oven, heat 2 inches of vegetable oil until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Dip the wings in the eggs, then in the flour. Place the wings, three at a time, in the hot oil and fry until golden, 8 to 10 minutes, turning occasionally. Transfer to a papertowellined baking sheet. Make sure the oil returns to 350 degrees F before adding the next batch. Sprinkle the wings with the reserved seasoning to make them extra hot.nMake the sauce: Mix the sour cream, horseradish, chili sauce, cayenne, and salt and black pepper to taste. Serve with the wings.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 tablespoon seasoning salt, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon lemon pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, tips removed, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons hot sauce, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Vegetable oil, for frying, 1 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons horseradish, 14 cup chili sauce, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: The Neelys Spicy Fried Wings, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 59603: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat the olive oil in a large 12inch saute pan over medium heat. Add the onion and celery and cook for 5 to 7 minutes, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent but not browned. Set aside to cool slightly.nPlace the beef, veal, pork, parsley, thyme, chives, eggs, milk, salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl. Put the panko in a food processor fitted with the steel blade and process until the panko is finely ground.nAdd the onion mixture and the panko to the meat mixture. With clean hands, gently toss the mixture together, making sure its combined but not compacted.nPlace a piece of parchment paper on a sheet pan. Pat the meat into a flat rectangle and then press the sides in until it forms a cylinder down the middle of the pan this will ensure no air pockets. Bake for 40 to 50 minutes, until a thermometer inserted in the middle reads 155 degrees F to 160 degrees F. Remove from the oven and allow to rest for 10 minutes. Slice and serve hot with the Garlic Sauce.nCombine the oil and garlic in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer for 10 to 15 minutes, until lightly browned. Be careful not to burn the garlic or it will be bitter. Remove the garlic from the oil and set aside. I save the oil for vinaigrettes.nCombine the chicken stock, butter and cooked garlic in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and cook at a full boil for 35 to 40 minutes, until slightly thickened. Mash the garlic with a fork, whisk in 12 teaspoon salt and 14 teaspoon pepper, and taste for seasonings. Spoon the warm sauce over the meatloaf.nPhotographs by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [2 tablespoons good olive oil, 2 cups chopped Spanish onion 1 large, 1 12 cups smalldiced celery 2 stalks, 1 pound ground beef, 1 pound ground veal, 1 pound ground pork, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 3 extralarge eggs, lightly beaten, 23 cup whole milk, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 12 cups panko Japanese bread flakes, Garlic Sauce, recipe follows, 34 cup good olive oil, 10 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 cups chicken stock, preferably homemade, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: 1770 House Meatloaf, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 59604: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nHalf the potatoes lengthwise and cut them into 1inchwide wedges. In a medium bowl, toss the potatoes with the butter and 1 teaspoon of salt. Spread the potatoes out on a roasting pan large enough to hold them in a single layer. Arrange the potatoes cutside down, to ensure crisply browned edges.nRoast the potatoes until golden brown, about 45 minute. Add the garlic and stir to coat the potatoes evenly. Continue to roast until the potatoes and garlic are evenly browned, about 15 minutes more. Take care that the garlic doesnt burn. Remove from the oven and mix with the parsley. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve., ingredients: [1 12 pounds medium red bliss or other waxystyle potatoes, skinon and scrubbed, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, plus more, 1 tablespoon finely minced garlic, 1 tablespoon finely chopped flatleaf parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Roasted New Potatoes with Garlic, picturelink: rihd5TAppCPiQGekWb4CrjP9g2jsEi}, 59605: {instructions: Put the beans in a large bowl, cover with cold water and let soak overnight.nDrain and rinse the beans, then put them in a large pot. Cover the beans with water and add the chili powder, cumin, paprika, cayenne, bacon, garlic, bay leaves, onion, bell pepper and some salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and cook until the beans are tender, 2 to 3 12 hours., ingredients: [1 12 pounds pinto beans, 2 teaspoons chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon paprika, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 3 thickcut slices of bacon, cut into thirds, 3 cloves garlic, 2 bay leaves, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 red bell pepper, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Perfect Pinto Beans, picturelink: et7YwlIbP4DxS3dHSNiXXSTH9VAus4K}, 59606: {instructions: Place the coffee ice cube in a rocks glass. Add the coffee liqueur, vodka and amaretto and stir the mixture to combine. Slowly pour the halfandhalf over the ice cube. The halfandhalf will stay layered on top, forming a white layer on top of the black. Finish with a dash of cinnamon if using. Stir together before drinking., ingredients: [1 large coffee ice cube See Cooks Note, 1 ounce coffee liqueur, such as Kahlua, 1 ounce vodka, 12 ounce amaretto, 1 ounce halfandhalf, chilled, Dash of cinnamon, optional], title: Black and White Italian Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 59607: {instructions: Prepare 1 cup quinoa as the label directs. Stir to cool slightly. Toss with 1 cup halved grape tomatoes, one 15ounce can hearts of palm drained, rinsed and sliced, 2 chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons olive oil and a pinch of sugar season with salt. Sprinkle with chopped parsley.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: QuinoaTomato Salad, picturelink: om0FLcoWwFqxYMEqrk0UgZePltAu4C}, 59608: {instructions: Season the chicken with 1 teaspoon salt and a couple turns of black pepper. Heat a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. When hot, pour in 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Add the chicken and cook, turning often, until brown on all sides, about 6 minutes transfer to a bowl and set aside.nAdd the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil to the pot and reduce the heat to medium. Add the onion, garlic, ginger and 1 teaspoon salt. Cook until the onion is softened, about 5 minutes. Add the sweet potato, apple, cayenne, chicken broth and 3 cups water bring to a simmer. Stir in the kale, tomato and almond butter and simmer until the vegetables are tender, 10 to 15 minutes.nReturn the chicken to the pot and simmer until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Serve topped with the cilantro.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [4 skinless, boneless chicken breasts, cut into 1inch chunks about 112 pounds, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon minced peeled ginger, 1 sweet potato, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 1 apple, cut into 1inch chunks, 34 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 cups chicken broth, 6 cups chopped kale, 1 large tomato, chopped, 12 cup almond butter, 12 cup fresh cilantro], title: Spicy Chicken and Almond Stew, picturelink: CWY6X66PueL9qAMWVpKK4LX.k1MLxOi}, 59609: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the oil in a heavy large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausages and cook until brown on both sides, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from the pan and drain.nKeeping the pan over medium heat, add the peppers, onions, salt, and pepper and cook until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Add the oregano, basil, and garlic and cook 2 more minutes.nAdd the tomato paste and stir. Add the Marsala wine, tomatoes, and chili flakes, if using. Stir to combine, scraping the bottom of the pan with a wooden spoon to release all the browned bits. Bring to a simmer.nCut the sausages into 4 to 6 pieces each, about 1inch cubes. Add the sausage back to the pan and stir to combine. Cook until the sauce has thickened, about 20 minutes.nServe in bowls. Or, if serving as a sandwich, split the rolls in half lengthwise. Hollow out the bread from the bottom side of each roll, being careful not to puncture the crust. Fill the bottom half of the roll with sausage mixture. Top and serve sandwiches immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound sweet Italian turkey sausage, 2 red bell peppers, sliced, 2 yellow onions, sliced, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 4 garlic cloves, chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 cup Marsala wine, 1 15ounce can diced tomatoes, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, optional, 4 to 6 fresh Italian sandwich rolls, optional], title: Sausage, Peppers and Onions, picturelink: x5t9NF1Zz79CM1oqIbpRg3GKe9WwrRG}, 59610: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9by13inch baking dish.nIn a large skillet set over mediumhigh heat, cook the sausage, breaking it up with the back of a spoon, until browned through, about 5 minutes. Add the celery, leeks, apples and pears and cook, stirring, until fragrant and softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley, sage, thyme, salt and pepper and cook for 1 more minute. Add the chicken broth and scrape up any brown bits that have formed on the bottom of the skillet, cooking for an additional minute. Remove from the heat and cool slightly.nIn a large bowl, combine the stuffing and cooled sausage mixture. Add the cranberries and eggs and mix well. Transfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish.nBake until golden brown on top, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool 5 to 10 minutes. Top with additional parsley and serve., ingredients: [1 Granny Smith apple, cored and chopped into 14inch cubes, 1 Bosc pear, cored and chopped into 14inch cubes, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 2 cups lowsodium chicken broth, One 12ounce bag cubed countrystyle stuffing, 1 cup dried cranberries, 4 large eggs, beaten, Butter, for buttering baking dish, 1 pound sweet Italian sausage, casings removed, 4 celery stalks, finely chopped about 2 cups, 3 small leeks, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced about 1 12 cups], title: Sausage, Apple and Pear Stuffing with Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 59611: {instructions: Heat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place coconut on a baking sheet and toast for 5 to 7 minutes or until golden brown, stirring halfway through baking. Place pecans on a baking sheet and toast for 5 to 7 minutes or until fragrant and golden brown, turning halfway through baking.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter and the sugars on medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the flour, and salt and mix until combined. Add toasted coconut and pecans. Form dough into a disk, wrap in plastic and chill until firm, 30 to 45 minutes.nOn a cleaned, floured surface roll dough out to a 14inch thickness. Using a 2 14inch fluted pastry cutter cut out 68 circles. Place on parchment lined baking sheets, 1 inch apart, chill for 5 to 10 minutes.nUsing a 34 inch round aspic cutter or improvise and use the larger end of a pastry tip, cut the centers out of half of the cookies. Bake until golden brown, rotating halfway through baking, about 12 minutes. Cool completely on wire rack. Store in airtight containers.nFor the Caramel Filling: In a small heavy bottomed saucepan over medium high heat, stir to combine sugar and water. Bring to a boil and cook for 5 minutes or until dark amber in color. Use a pastry brush and water to wash down the sides of the pan to prevent crystallization. Remove from heat and gradually whisk in heavy cream and butter. Let cool completely.nTo Assemble Cookies: Pipe approximately 12 teaspoon caramel on the bottom cookies. Sandwich together with the top cookie and drizzle with remaining caramel. Let the caramel set up at least 2 hours or overnight before storing in an air tight container., ingredients: [12 cup sweetened coconut, toasted and finely chopped, 12 cup pecans, toasted and very finely chopped, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 cups all purpose flour for rolling dough, 12 teaspoon salt, 23 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter], title: Coconut Pecan Shortbread with Caramel Filling, picturelink: null}, 59612: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F. Put a pizza stone on the bottom shelf of the oven to preheat.nRemove the dough from the packaging and let rest on a lightly floured surface.nIn a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat, add the prosciutto and cook until crisp. Remove from pan to a plate and set aside.nSeason the eggplant with salt and pepper. Add the olive oil to the pan over medium heat and saute the eggplant for 5 to 6 minutes. Add in the garlic and the red pepper flakes. Saute 2 to 3 minutes more, being careful not to burn the garlic. Add in the tomatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Let sauce reduce until all the extra liquid is gone, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool.nIn a small bowl, combine the ricotta, 1 egg, the Parmesan, pine nuts, 1 teaspoon of salt and 1 teaspoon of pepper, the parsley and the basil. Gently combine the ricotta mixture with the eggplant.nIn a small bowl add the remaining egg and 1 teaspoon water and beat well.nKnead the dough a few times on a floured surface and add in the dried oregano and rosemary. Cut the dough in half and roll 1 piece into an oval about 12 to 14 inches long and 8 inches wide. Put the dough on a peel sprinkled with cornmeal and add half of the ricottaeggplant mixture half way down the oval, leaving 2 inches on each side. Top with 3 slices of the mozzarella and sprinkle with half of the prosciutto.nFold the dough over and roll the edge closed. Brush with the egg wash, sprinkle with a pinch of kosher salt and slide off the peel onto the hot pizza stone.nRepeat with the other half of the dough and ingredients. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oven and let sit for 5 to 10 minutes, serve hot, ingredients: [1 package fresh pizza dough, single pizza size, 14 pound prosciutto, small dice, 1 small eggplant, skinon, cut into 1 12inch cubes, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, plus more for seasoning, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 4 garlic cloves, minced, 12 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 1 14.5ounce can fire roasted tomatoes, 12 cup ricotta, drained, 2 large eggs, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 14 cup pine nuts, toasted, 2 teaspoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped basil leaves, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon finely chopped rosemary leaves, 12 cup allpurpose flour, for work surface, 14 cup cornmeal, for peel, 8 ounces fresh mozzarella, sliced 12inch thick, Pizza stone preheated in oven], title: Prosciutto and Eggplant Calzone, picturelink: VBpz8ty3eHRxZzVuJc1KfIFIOm592}, 59613: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar and 1 tablespoon each dijon mustard and mayonnaise. Gradually whisk in 14 cup olive oil season with salt and pepper. Toss with 1 thinly sliced pear, 12 thinly sliced fennel bulb and 1 cup each halved grapes and sliced celery. Top with chopped toasted pecans and some chopped fennel fronds.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [], title: FennelPear Salad with Grapes and Pecans, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 59614: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees Microwave butter and cream cheese for 1 minute. Remove and add clams. Split English muffins and cut each half into quarters. Place on cookie sheet. Add a dollop of cheese and butter mixture on top of each quarter. Freeze sheet for 1 hour. Bake for 12 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [12 cup butter, 1 pound cream cheese, 1 3ounce can minced clams, 6 English muffins], title: Clam Puffs, picturelink: null}, 59615: {instructions: LINE a baking sheet with waxed paper. Place the chocolate and cream in a small saucepan over low heat. Carefully melt the chocolate, stirring to blend with cream. Remove from heat and stir in marmalade. Mix until blended fold in rice cereal. Spoon mixture by tablespoonfuls onto baking sheet.nCHILL truffles in refrigerator for several hours or overnight. Place each truffle in a small decorative paper cup., ingredients: [4 oz. bittersweet chocolate, broken into small pieces, 2 tbsps. heavy cream, 13 cup Smuckersu00ae Simply Fruitu00ae Orange Marmalade Spreadable Fruit, 1 cup puffed rice cereal], title: Chocolate Orange Crunch Truffles, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 59616: {instructions: Position oven racks in the top and bottom thirds of the oven, and preheat to 375 degrees F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment.nWhisk together the flour, baking soda and salt in a large bowl. Beat the butter and both sugars with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed in a second large bowl until light and fluffy, about 4 minutes. Add the eggs to the butter mixture, one at time, beating after each addition to incorporate beat in the vanilla. Reduce the speed to medium, add the flour mixture, and beat until just incorporated. Stir in the chocolate chips.nScoop 12 heaping tablespoons of dough onto each prepared baking sheet about 2 inches apart. Roll each into a ball with slightly wet hands. Bake until the cookies are golden with caramelized edges, 12 to 15 minutes, rotating the baking sheets halfway through. Let the cookies cool for a few minutes on the baking sheets, then transfer them to a rack to cool completely.nWhen the baking sheets have cooled completely, scoop the remaining dough onto 1 sheet and bake. Store the cookies in a tightly sealed container at room temperature for up to 5 days., ingredients: [2 14 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 34 cup packed light brown sugar, 23 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, One 12ounce bag semisweet chocolate chips], title: SuperChewy Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: jqHvAzDy1CHQsA2csru4WCgi80oQTa}, 59617: {instructions: In a nonreactive saucepan, coated lightly with oil on medium heat, saute the onions, ginger and zest until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the cranberries, juice, sugar and season. Simmer for 30 minutes until very soft. Check for seasoning and reserve warm., ingredients: [Canola oil, to cook, 1 large red onion, 14inch dice, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 1 pound fresh cranberries, Zest and juice 3 oranges, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, Salt and black pepper, to taste], title: Ginger Cranberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59618: {instructions: Heat oven to 450 degrees. Cover the bottom of a baking sheet large enough to hold the fish with parchment paper.nRinse fish inside and out with cold water and drain. Dry with paper towels. Stuff body cavity with herbs and citrus, saving a few lemon slices for garnish. Set aside.nPour 1 box of salt into a large bowl, add egg whites and water, then the second box of salt. Use your hands to work mixture to a mortarlike consistency. Lay down a 12inch thick bed for the fish to lay on with a 1inch clearance on all sides. Lay the fish on this bed and pile the remainder of the salt mortar on top. Work into a smooth dome completely encasing the fish. Dont worry if the head or tail poke out a little.nCook approximately 35 minutes. Check for doneness by pushing the probe of an instant read thermometer through the salt into the fish. When temperature reaches 130 degrees, remove from oven, and rest at room temperature for 5 minutes. Open the fish at the table by hitting the dome several times with a small hammer and lifting off the slabs of salt. Brush away any stray salt. Gently pull out dorsal back fin. Using a fish knife or serrated pie server, make a single incision all the way down the back of the fish and around the gill plate. Then lift the skin off working from the head to the tail. Remove meat from top side of fish, going down one side of the spine then the other. Grasp the tail and remove the skeleton, it should come up intact. The meat revealed below will slide right off the skin.nSprinkle meat with a little virgin oil and lemon juice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 striped bass, 5 to 6 pounds, gills removed, fins trimmed, 4 egg whites, 12 cup water, 2 3 pound boxes of kosher salt, 1 handful parsley, 1 fennel bulb, with stem quartered, Several sprigs thyme, 1 lemon, sliced thin, 12 orange, sliced thin, Olive oil], title: Striped Bass in Salt Dome, picturelink: null}, 59619: {instructions: Mash potatoes in a bowl and 1 cup of the flour, reserving the rest to use if the gnocchi is not light and fluffy. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add beaten egg and cheese and mix everything well. Remove half the mixture to a separate bowl and stir in the chopped spinach. Knead the ingredients in each bowl lightly and on a floured board form into long cylinders. The gnocchi should have a light texture which is cohesive enough to remain whole while it is being boiled. If the mixture in either bowl is too wet, add the additional flour until the proper consistency is achieved. Conversely add milk if the dough is too dry, using only enough as needed to bring the dough together. Cut the long cylinders into pieces about 1inch long and crimp with your fingertips into gnocchi dumplings which are roughly marquiseshaped.nBring a pot of water to boil for the gnocchi.nMelt butter in a saucepan which will be large enough to accommodate the pound of cooked gnocchi, and saute onion until it becomes translucent. Mix in the flour to make a roux. Gradually add milk and allow to thicken. Stir in tomato sauce and heat through. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and add cream cheese. Blend with an immersion blender. Immediately cover surface of sauce with a sheet of plastic wrap and set aside briefly.nBoil the gnocchi until al dente, drain, transfer to a serving dish, and spoon sauce over. Sprinkle with chives., ingredients: [2 pounds potatoes about 4 large potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks, boiled and cooled to room temperature, 1 to 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 egg, beaten, 1 tablespoon grated Parmesan, 12 cup steamed spinach, cooled, and chopped fine in a food processor, 14 cup milk approximately, if needed to moisten dough, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 medium onion, minced, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup hot milk, 1 8ounce can chunky tomato sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces soft cream cheese, 14 cup fresh chives, chopped], title: Gnocchi with Blush Sauce, picturelink: qmaLUmbBX9ZtF8Enu9mRge3TGp04ShW}, 59620: {instructions: Combine bok choy and onions and chill.nBreak up the uncooked ramen noodles and combine with the almonds and sesame seeds..nMix remaining ingredients.nBefore serving, combine the bok choy and noodle mixtures. Mix together the oil, lemon juice and tamari. Toss the salad with the dressing to coat., ingredients: [1 medium head bok choy, diced, 4 green onions, sliced, 1 3ounce package ramen noodles, 12 cup slivered almonds, toasted, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, toasted, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon tamari], title: Bok Choy Salad, picturelink: null}, 59621: {instructions: For the salsa: Heat the canola oil in a medium heavybottomed skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the tomatoes, garlic and onions and saute until golden brown, 10 minutes. Add the chipotles and saute for another minute.nAdd the skillet ingredients along with 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper to a blender and process until smooth. Return the mixture to the skillet and cook over mediumlow heat for 5 minutes season with additional salt and pepper. Keep warm.nFor the tortilla chips: Heat 2 inches of oil in a large, low Dutch oven until a deepfry thermometer inserted in the oil registers 375 degrees F. While heating, stack the tortillas and cut the stack into 8 triangles.nWorking in batches, fry the tortilla triangles until crisp and golden in color, about 2 minutes per side. Remove the chips from the oil and drain on a paper towellined baking sheet season with salt.nAdd the tortilla chips to the skillet with the warm salsa, making sure all the chips are fully coated in the salsa. Transfer to a serving dish. Top with fried eggs if desired, and sprinkle with the queso fresco. Garnish with thinly sliced red onions, Mexican crema and chopped cilantro., ingredients: [3 tablespoons canola oil, 10 Roma tomatoes about 2 14 pounds, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 12 yellow onion, roughly chopped, 2 canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil, for frying, Sixteen 6inch corn tortillas, Salt, 6 fried eggs, for serving, optional, 14 cup crumbled queso fresco, Thinly sliced red onions, for garnish, Mexican crema, for garnish, Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish], title: Chipotle Chilaquiles, picturelink: HP9n6ElMd.wkHZOOCSnprpwC277Vp6S}, 59622: {instructions: Roll out sugarcookie dough to 14 inch thick on floured parchment paper trim into a rectangle. Slide onto a baking sheet and bake at 350 degrees F until golden, about 12 minutes. While the cookie is still warm, cut into quarters with a paring knife, then cut each quarter into puzzle pieces. Cool completely before separating. To decorate, mix 12 cup confectioners sugar with 1 to 2 tablespoons water brush on the cookies and sprinkle with colored sugar., ingredients: [], title: Cookie Puzzles, picturelink: TVfdsqDdJeGByNvsrYslIDFUFeFwgVW}, 59623: {instructions: Heat oil in a large heavy skillet until almost smoking. Carefully add venison meat, chopped onion and chopped garlic, season with salt and pepper and brown the meat, stirring occasionally. Add chili powder, brown sugar and cilantro. Deglaze this with the chicken stock. Removed from heat and allow to cool. Stir in 3 cups of the shredded cheese.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nSoften 12 corn tortillas in a microwave oven, wrapped in a damp cloth for 10 to 20 seconds on high, until soft and pliable. Spoon 2 to 3 tablespoons of venison mix into center of tortilla and roll. Place rolled enchiladas into a lightly oiled baking dish, seam side down. Smother with enchilada sauce and sprinkle remaining colbyjack cheese, to taste. Cover and bake for 20 minutes.nRed enchilada sauce:n1 red bell peppern2 cups canola oiln1 12 onions, choppedn6 cloves garlic, choppedn10 6inch corn tortillasn34 cup chili powdern12tablespoon ground cuminn1 tablespoon cocoa powdern2 tablespoons black peppern2 tablespoons saltn12 cup semisweet chocolaten5 cups chicken stockn2 cups brewed coffeen12 cup orange juice concentratenFlameroast bell pepper until skin is blistered, place in a bowl and wrap with plastic. Allow to cool, then peel, seed, and chop. In a heavy bottom skillet, heat canola oil. Saute onion, bell pepper, and garlic until onions are lightly caramelized. Add tortillas torn into pieces. Add chili powder, cumin, cocoa powder, pepper and salt to release oils in the spices, about 1 minute using care not to burn the spices.nAdd chicken stock, coffee and orange juice concentrate. Add chocolate, chopped into pieces. Bring to a boil and simmer for about 45 minutes. Remove from heat, carefully blend smooth in a processor or blender in batches sauce should be smooth but still thick. When blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth. Adjust the consistency with additional chicken stock if necessary., ingredients: [2 pounds cubed venison stew meat, 1 medium yellow onion, diced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon ground chili powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 12 cup reduced chicken stock, 5 cups shredded colbyjack cheese, 12 corn tortillas, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Red enchilada sauce, recipe follows], title: Venison Enchiladas, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 59624: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat and add the butternut squash. Cook until the squash is just starting to caramelize and is golden brown, about 10 minutes. Add the water to cover and cook until the squash is tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Transfer the squash to a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Add the amaretti, bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, nutmeg, salt and pepper and blend until smooth. Flour a large cutting board or work surface. Place 2 cups of the flour and the salt on the board and make a wide well in it. Place the eggs and egg yolks in the well. With a fork, follow the perimeter of the well, bringing in small amounts of flour and continuing all the way around, until gradually most of the four is absorbed. If necessary, add up to 12 cup of the remaining flour. Divide the dough into 2 pieces. Put the dough through a pasta machine, folding into halves each time and reinserting 15 to 20 times, to knead it. Continue until the pasta is paperthin. Lay out the sheets of dough and cut them into 4inch squares you should have about 40 to 42 squares. Place 1 heaping tablespoon of the filling on one corner of each square. Fold over the filled portion, press down around the filling, and place on a baking sheet lined with waxed paper and sprinkled with semolina. Melt the butter in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat and cook until it begins to foam and brown, about 4 minutes. Add the sage, salt and pepper. Bring a large pot of water, salted if desired, to a boil over high heat. Add the tortelli and cook until they are tender, about 3 minutes. Toss with the brown butter and Parmesan and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 5 to 6 cups diced peeled butternut squash about 1 large or 2 small, 12 cup ground amaretti cookies, 12 cup fresh bread crumbs, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan cheese, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 to 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs, 3 large egg yolks, Semolina for sprinkling, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh sage leaves, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon black pepper, Grated Parmesan cheese for serving], title: Tortelli of Butternut Squash with Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 59625: {instructions: In 4 highball glasses, add 4 mint leaves, 4 pieces of lime, and 2 teaspoons sugar to each glass. Muddle in the bottom of the glass using a muddler or a wooden spoon. Add ice to each glass, top with the seltzer water, and stir. Add 1ounce rum to each glass, if desired., ingredients: [16 mint leaves, 2 limes, sliced into eighths, 8 teaspoons sugar, 1 liter seltzer water, 4 ounces white rum optional], title: Cuban Mojito, picturelink: null}, 59626: {instructions: Rinse and dry the eggplants. Trim off end pieces. Slice them, lengthwise into 12 inch thick slices. Brush each slice with oil and salt grill until both sides are colored and tender. Remove and season with salt and pepper.nFor a second time around idea  grill extra, chop up and toss with some seeded chopped plum tomatoes and torn basil leaves to taste. Dress with a mustard vinaigrette., ingredients: [2 pounds firm Japanese eggplant, Oil for grilling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Grilled Eggplant, picturelink: null}, 59627: {instructions: In a large saucepan, cover potatoes with salted cold water by 1 inch and simmer, covered, until just tender, about 15 to 30 minutes, depending on size of potatoes. In a colander drain potatoes and cool to warm. With a sharp knife peel potatoes and cut crosswise into 12 inchthick slices.nWhile potatoes are boiling, prepare grill. In a small bowl whisk together oil, salt, jalapeno pepper and cumin and brush some onto both sides of potato slices, reserving remaining cumin oil. Grill slices on an oiled rack set 5 to 6 inches over glowing coals until golden brown, about 1 minute on each side, and transfer with tongs to a platter.nThinly slice scallion diagonally and sprinkle over potatoes. Whisk lime juice into remaining cumin oil with salt and pepper to taste and drizzle over potatoes. Serve potato salad with lime wedges and sprinkle with coriander., ingredients: [2 12 pounds sweet potatoes, 14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 small jalapeno pepper, diced fine, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 scallion, 2 teaspoons fresh lime juice, lime wedges, 14 cup fresh coriander leaves], title: Grilled Sweet Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 59628: {instructions: Preheat grill to medium.nPat shrimp dry with paper towels, and place on bamboo skewers.nBrush shrimp with 14 cup dressing, sprinkle with a generous amount of salt and pepper and place on the grill.nGrill 2 to 3 minutes per side, or until shrimp are opaque and cooked through. Baste once, if desired.nIn a small bowl, combine mayonnaise with remaining 1 tablespoon of roasted garlic dressing, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, and 1 teaspoon paprika. Serve as a dip for the shrimp., ingredients: [12 medium shrimp, frozen defrosted, Bamboo skewers, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes, 14 cup plus 1 tablespoon roasted garlic salad dressing, divided, Salt and pepper, 13 cup mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: Grilled Shrimp with Garlic Mayo, picturelink: 75aQ8q82ldKgbRz8XMHW9d8pDN4C2.}, 59629: {instructions: Pastry: In a food processor, combine the flour, butter and a pinch of salt, and pulse until the mixture resembles big breadcrumbs. Whisk the egg and 1 tablespoon ice water in a bowl until combined. With food processor motor running, add the wet mixture to the flour mixture. Process until mixture begins to form large clumps, stopping the machine before the mixture forms a ball. If it needs a bit more water, add it. You want the dough to just barely hang together, and not be too wet.nTurn the pastry out onto a work surface, and knead very gently to bring the dough together. Form the dough into a disk shape, wrap in plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Two is even better.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nUsing a light dusting of flour on your board and rolling pin, roll out the dough to the desired thickness. Lay the dough into the pie plate, and prick with a fork all over, trim and decorate the edge of the pie as you wish.nFilling: In a large bowl, combine the maple syrup, egg, sugar, and cream, and stir well to mix. Transfer the filling mixture to the pastrylined pie dish. Top with the pecan nuts, and bake for about 35 minutes, or until set. Let cool before serving.nServe the pie with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream., ingredients: [1 23 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup or 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled, coarsely chopped, Pinch salt, 1 egg, chilled, 1 tablespoon ice water, plus more if needed, 13 cup maple syrup, 1 egg, 1 12 cups brown sugar, 12 cup whipping cream, 1 cup pecans, Serving suggestion: Ice cream of whipped cream, for serving], title: Maple Pecan Pie, picturelink: null}, 59630: {instructions: Mix together the flour, baking soda, ginger, cinnamon, nutmeg, cardamom, cloves, allspice and salt. In a small saucepan, heat the molasses until it begins to boil. Remove from heat and gradually add the butter. Next add the sugar and then add the water. Stir in egg, blending completely. Make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and pour in the molasses mixture. Blend completely. Turn mixture of dough out onto a floured surface and knead until smooth, do not over knead. Wrap and refrigerate overnight. Before rolling out cookies, preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil cookie sheet or use parchment paper. Lightly flour surface roll out half of the dough to 18inch thickness. Using cookie cutters, cut out cookies and place them 12inch apart. Bake cookies until they rise, about 10 minutes, cool on rack and then decorate.nIn large bowl, combine all ingredients except food coloring. Mix at high speed until thick and shiny. Divide into small bowls for different consistencies and colors. This can be painted or piped.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [312 cups flour, 112 teaspoons baking soda, 112 teaspoons ground ginger, 112 teaspoons cinnamon, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 12 teaspoon cardamom, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 14 teaspoon allspice, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup molasses, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons hot water, 1 large egg, at room temperature, Royal Icing, recipe follows, 2 34 cups sifted confectioners sugar, 2 large egg whites at room temperature, 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, 2 12 teaspoons lemon juice, Food coloring, your choices on tan, flesh, red, blue, green, yellow, purple, pink, orange, red, etc.], title: Ginger Munchkins, picturelink: null}, 59631: {instructions: Place the sugar syrup in a small wine glass, add the rum, an ice cube, and the twisted lemon zest., ingredients: [14 tablespoon cane sugar syrup, 1ounce white Martiniquen or Guadeloupian rum, 1 ice cube, 1 lemon, zested], title: TiPunch, picturelink: null}, 59632: {instructions: 1. Stir together the 7 minced garlic cloves, 14 cup olive oil, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon salt, and 1 12 teaspoons pepper in a large bowl. Rub the marinade all over the lamb in a bowl, then truss tightly and marinate at least 3 hours in the refrigerator. 2. Preheat a grill for direct and indirect cooking over a mediumheat fire. Grill the lamb over direct heat until nicely charred, about 8 minutes per side, turning often. Then move to indirect heat, cover, and cook until the internal temperature reaches 125 degrees F for mediumrare, about 50 minutes, turning occasionally. Transfer the lamb to a cutting board and let rest 15 minutes.n3. Toss the asparagus with the 2 tablespoons olive oil, salt, and pepper. Grill the asparagus until tender, 6 to 8 minutes.n4. Pulse the remaining 2 whole garlic cloves in a food processor with the parsley, mint, the remaining 12 cup oil, the remaining 14 cup lemon juice, 1 teaspoon salt, and 12 teaspoon pepper. Serve the lamb, sliced, with the asparagus and chimichurri sauce., ingredients: [9 cloves garlic, 7 minced and 2 whole, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup fresh lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 6pound boneless leg of lamb, 2 pounds asparagus, trimmed, 2 cups fresh flatleaf parsley leaves, 2 cups fresh mint leaves], title: Grilled Marinated Leg of Lamb with Asparagus and Mint Chimichurri, picturelink: SPOQLgX62ylBIaa6PitUCafmCV5Dqy}, 59633: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nFor each fig, cut a cross over the stem end, just deep enough to gently squeeze the fig open. Place on a baking sheet and bake in the oven for 5 to 10 minutes. Meanwhile, combine the honey and mascarpone in a bowl. Coarsely chop the pistachio nuts, and then add them to the bowl. Remove figs from the oven. Place on a serving plate and top with mascarpone mixture. Garnish with cinnamon and grated dark chocolate., ingredients: [1 pound fresh figs, 1 teaspoon honey, 8 ounces mascarpone, 12 pound unsalted pistachios shelled, Ground cinnamon and grated dark chocolate, garnish], title: Baked Figs with Chopped Pistachios in Mascarpone, picturelink: S4ZA4Nj8H.5VPBaWLK2FL1A48Xjaera}, 59634: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Position the rack in the middle of the oven.nSpread hazelnuts in a single layer on a baking sheet and toast them in the oven until golden, about 10 minutes. Turn oven off since you will not need it on again for at least 45 minutes. Empty nuts onto a folded towel, enclosing them between the folds, and rub them to remove their skins. Transfer the nuts to a strainer and carefully discard the skins. Allow nuts to cool to room temperature.nPut the hazelnuts in a food processor fitted with the stainlesssteel blade and pulse a few times. Add cake flour and process until the nuts are finely ground. Set aside.nIn a mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat butter, sugar, cinnamon, cloves, and lemon zest on medium speed until light and creamy. Turn the mixer off and scrape down the sides of the bowl. Over medium speed, add the egg and continue mixing for 1 more minute. Reduce the speed to low, add the hazelnutflour mixture, and continue mixing until well blended into a smooth dough.nDivide the dough into 2 portions, with 1 portion about 8 ounces or 13 of the dough. Transfer to a medium pastry bag fitted with a number 1 plain tip and set aside. With the remaining 23 of the dough about 20 ounces, form into a 1inch flat disc. Wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nWith a marking pen, trace a 16 by 13inch rectangle shape on parchment paper. Place paper, marked side down, onto a baking sheet. With the reserved dough in the pastry bag, pipe straight parallel lines, about 1inch apart, inside the marked rectangle. Then pipe a second set of parallel lines at a 45 degree angle to the first set of lines to make a trellis shape. Refrigerate until needed dough should be well chilled before using.nWith more cake flour, lightly dust a pastry board or work surface with flour. With a rolling pin, roll out the dough to a rectangular shape, about 15 by 12 inches by 14inch thick. Transfer dough to a parchment lined baking sheet and trim any excess dough to make an even rectangle. Bake for 20 minutes, or until dough starts to color. Remove baking sheet from the oven and transfer to a rack. Leave oven on. Allow dough to cool for at least 10 minutes.nSpread raspberry jam over the entire surface of the cooled dough. Carefully place the refrigerated trellisshaped dough over the jam. Return to the oven and bake for 20 minutes, or until crust is golden in color. Allow to cool completely before cutting. Trim edges and then cut into 3 by 1inch bars. Lightly dust bars with powdered sugar., ingredients: [12 pound whole shelled hazelnuts, 1 cup cake flour, plus more for dusting, 12 pound unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into chunks, 1 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 egg, 1 12 cups raspberry jam, Powdered sugar, for decorating], title: Linzer Bars, picturelink: YzQzCZzrXI3uqknpPr373yuZ21m31a.}, 59635: {instructions: Place the salt cod in cold water and soak for 3 days, refrigerated. Change the water and soak for another 24 hours, changing the water 3 times.nDrain the salt cod and using your fingers, flake it into a bowl. Cover with the remaining ingredients and toss to combine. Allow the mixture to marinate at room temperature for at least 30 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve cold temperature., ingredients: [1 6ounce fillet dried bacalao salt cod, 1 small tomato, seeded and cut into tiny dice, 1 pimente small hot pepper, seeded and minced, 1 spring onion, minced, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Fine sea salt and freshly ground white pepper], title: Bacalao Escaixada, picturelink: null}, 59636: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees and place a heavy roasting pan to preheat in the oven. Season the inside of the chicken cavity with salt and pepper. Put the crushed garlic, chopped onion and dry herbs inside the cavity of the chicken. Using the twine, tie the legs closed. Use the olive oil to rub the entire outside of the chicken with an even coat of oil. Pick the herb from the stem and coarsely chop them before sprinkling the herb liberally and evenly on the chicken. Place the chicken into the preheated roasting pan and roast at 425 degrees for the first 45 minutes of roasting. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees and continue to roast for an additional 1 hour. Remove from the oven and pierce the thigh: if the juices run clear when pierced allow to rest on a platter for 15 to 20 minutes before carving. If the juices are still pink return to the oven for more roasting time.nWhile the chicken is resting, place the roasting pan on top of the stove, remove any chicken fat with a spoon, and, over medium heat, deglaze the pan drippings with the chicken broth. Use a spoon to scrape up all the crusty bits thats where the most concentrated flavor is and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and strain the liquid into a gravy boat to pass at the table., ingredients: [1 5 to 6 pound roasting chicken, 4 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 medium onion, coarsely chopped, 3 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon each of dried thyme, rosemary and sage, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste, Several sprigs fresh thyme, rosemary and sage, 1 cup chicken broth, Butchers twine], title: Herb Roasted Chicken, picturelink: null}, 59637: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel the potatoes and cut into uniform 12inch pieces. Place into a 4quart saucepan and cover with cold water by at least 1inch. Cover, set over high heat and bring to a boil. Once boiling, remove the lid, decrease the heat to maintain a simmer and cook until the potatoes can easily be crushed with a pair of tongs, approximately 15 to 20 minutes. Drain in a colander.nPut the cream, butter, salt and pepper into the now empty 4quart saucepan and place back over the heat until the butter has melted. Remove from the heat and set a food mill fitted with the smallest die, on top of the pot. Add 1 cup of potatoes at a time to the mill. Once all of the potatoes have passed through the mill, stir to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning, if necessary. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds Yukon gold potatoes, 12 cup heavy cream, 4 ounces unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Creamy Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: 0vC4OgVtAtmB5zyj0eSM5iAQIlujQCC}, 59638: {instructions: For the parsnip puree: In a small pot, combine the parsnips and milk and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cook the parsnips until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain the parsnips, saving the milk.nPut the parsnips in a food processor with the honey and puree. Add some milk to adjust the consistency youll need 1 to 2 cups of the liquid. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the roasted tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nCut the ends off of each tomato and then cut each tomato into 3 slices. In a bowl, toss the tomato slices with the oil, salt and pepper. Arrange the tomato slices on a baking sheet and roast until tender and the edges are brown, 10 to 15 minutes.nFor the asparagus: Add 1 gallon of water and 2 tablespoons kosher salt to a large pot and bring to a rolling boil. Set up an ice bath for shocking the asparagus after blanching.nBlanch the Asparagus in batches in the boiling water for 45 seconds to a minute, and then transfer to the ice bath. Dry off the asparagus with a towel and set aside.nFor the steak: Heat a skillet over high heat until it begins to smoke. Depending on the size of the skillet and how many batches youll cook, add 1 to 1 12 tablespoons grapeseed oil.nSalt and pepper the steaks and sear on each side the teres major is a triangle shape for 3 to 4 minutes. Once all of the steaks are cooked, put them all into a pan and add the butter. Allow the steaks to rest for 10 minutes, basting with the butter occasionally.nTo finish the asparagus, heat a saute pan over high heat, add the grapeseed oil and saute the asparagus for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nFor plating: Divide the parsnip puree among 6 plates and drag it from one side of the plate to the other. Shingle 3 slices of tomato across the parsnip puree. Slice each steak into 5 slices and shingle over the top of the tomatoes. Pour 2 to 3 ounces of the DemiGlace over and around each plate. Lean 5 pieces of asparagus up on the side of each steak.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPour the oil into a metal roasting pan and put it in the preheated oven for 3 to 5 minutes to heat up the pan and condition it with the oil. Spread the bones out on the roasting pan and cook until browned, 30 to 45 minutes, turning the bones occasionally so they brown evenly.nTransfer the bones to a largeenough stockpot to accommodate the bones, 6 quarts ice water and more. Use tongs to transfer the bones so you do not pour any fat into the stockpot. Add the ice water to the stockpot and bring to a simmer. Allow the stock to cook for 4 hours at a slow simmer. Skim the surface of the stock occasionally to remove any fat or impurities.nWhile the stock is simmering, discard all but about 14 cup of the fat from the roasting pan. Bring the pan back up to temperature over high heat on the stovetop. Add the onions and carrots and cook until golden brown and caramelized. Add the celery and cook for another 10 minutes. Stir in the tomato paste, thyme and bay leaf and cook, stirring regularly, until the tomato paste gets a brick red color, about 15 minutes. Add 1 cup of the red wine and stir it into the mirepoix vegetable mixture.nAdd the mirepoix mixture to the stock after the 4hour simmering time. Bring the stock back up to a simmer and continue to cook it for another 2 hours.nIn a separate pot, bring the remaining 7 cups red wine to a boil and cook until reduced by half, 15 to 20 minutes.nWhen the stock has simmered for 6 hours, strain it through a chinois and combine the strained stock with the reduced red wine. Bring the stock to a boil, lower the heat to a hard simmer and reduce the stock until it has a consistency that coats the back of spoon and is about 2 quarts 8 cups in volume, up to 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper and then strain the sauce though a chinois again., ingredients: [2 pounds parsnips, peeled and chopped, 8 cups 2 quarts milk, 1 tablespoon honey, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 large Roma tomatoes, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, Kosher salt, 30 asparagus spears, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, Six 8ounce teres major steaks also called shoulder tender or petit filet, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 cups DemiGlace, recipe follows, 14 cup grapeseed oil, 8 pounds veal bones joints preferred, 24 cups 6 quarts ice water, 8 ounces onions, roughly chopped, 4 ounces carrots, peeled and roughly chopped, 4 ounces celery, roughly chopped, 6 ounces tomato paste, 5 sprigs fresh thyme, 1 bay leaf, 8 cups 2 quarts red wine, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Butchers Steak, picturelink: Q5myPx4uVERzjAn.2qTcacekwjgFtfW}, 59639: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nLightly spray 12 muffin tins with vegetable spray. On a flat working surface, stack 6 phyllo sheets and cut into 6 4inch squares, forming a total of 36 squares. Using a pastry brush, dab a phyllo square with melted butter. Press another phyllo square on top of the first making sure the corners are at different angles. Repeat with a third piece of phyllo. Press the phyllo into the cups. Bake until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. Allow to cool.nFor the herbed goat cheese:nIn a medium sized microwaveproof bowl, place the goat cheese and the cream cheese. Microwave until softened, about 1 to 2 minutes. Using a spatula or whisk, mix in the olive oil, garlic, basil, and black pepper until smooth.nTo assemble:nPlace a dollop of the goat cheese mixture in each phyllo cup. Top each cup with arugula leaves and garnish with orange segments and English breakfast radishes., ingredients: [Vegetable spray, 6 sheets phyllo dough, 4 tablespoons butter, melted, 1 cup goat cheese, 1 cup cream cheese, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup chopped basil leaves, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 4 cups arugula leaves, 1 cup orange segments, 12 English breakfast radishes, cut lengthwise], title: Herbed Goat Cheese and Market Salad in Phyllo Cups, picturelink: null}, 59640: {instructions: Place about 10 ice cubes in a plastic bag with a zipperlike closure. With a mallet, a rolling pin or the handle of a large knife, crack the ice into coarse pieces. Transfer them to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until ice is finely shaved, but not powdery. Transfer it to a chilled bowl. Working with your hands, gently gather ice shavings and shape into a 2 to 4inch ball, depending on size of serving glass. Do not pack the ice too tightly. Place ball in a chilled glass.nFill a cocktail shaker onethird of the way up with crushed ice. Add vodka, orange liqueur, lime juice and cranberry juice. Shake well and strain liquid over the snowball. Garnish with the lemon or lime twist and serve with a small cocktail straw., ingredients: [2 ounces mandarinorangeflavored vodka, 12ounce orange liqueur, 1ounce Roses lime juice, 2 ounces cranberry juice, Lemon or lime twist for garnish], title: Cosmopolitan Snow Cone, picturelink: null}, 59641: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix corn pancake batter in a large bowl. Heat a griddle or cast iron pan over mediumlow to medium heat.nStir the corn kernels, orange zest, and scallions into batter. Cut up 2 tablespoons butter into small bits and fold it into the batter. Nestle a pat of butter into a folded paper towel and wipe pan with it. Pile the batter into mounds 3 inches wide and cook the cakes until deep golden on each side. Repeat with remaining batter. Meanwhile, heat a small pot of water over low heat and bring to a bubble. Remove the pan from heat and put the honey jar into the water bath to gently warm. Arrange the corn cakes on a serving platter and serve with honey drizzled on top., ingredients: [1 package corn muffin mix, prepared to package directions for corn pancakes recommended: Jiffy, 2 ears fresh corn, kernels scraped from cob, 1 orange, zested, 2 scallions, whites and greens, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons butter, Honey], title: Corn Cakes with Honey, picturelink: Vw7ZGo.0jIFoEXqFJmU81LIyizTUcG2}, 59642: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the diced onions and the garlic and saute until the onions are translucent, about 15 minutes. Stir in the cayenne pepper, black pepper, salt and Worcestershire sauce. Simmer for 5 minutes then add 12 cup of vinegar sauce and 12 cup of bbq sauce. Stir in the pulled pork, chicken, turkey, and brisket. Add the crushed tomatoes and all of the vegetables. Stir in the chicken stock and let simmer for a couple hours over medium heat. Transfer the stew to a serving bowl and serve with warm buttermilk cornbread, if desired., ingredients: [12 pound salted butter, 3 cups 2 large finely diced sweet onions, 2 tablespoons minced garlic, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon salt, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup vinegar bbq sauce recommended: Sapp Southern Soul Barbeque North Carolina, 12 cup brown sweet bbq sauce recommended: Sapp Southern Soul Barbeque Georgia, 1 pound smoked pulled pork, 12 pound smoked pulled chicken, 12 pound smoked pulled turkey, 1 pound smoked chopped beef brisket, 1 number 10 can crushed tomatoes, 1 quart drained yellow corn kernels, 1 quart drained baby lima beans, 1 quart or more quality chicken stock or broth], title: Brunswick Stew, picturelink: null}, 59643: {instructions: In a medium bowl toss the peaches with brown sugar and cinnamon.nPlace a layer of the peaches in the bottom of a parfait glass. Sprinkle the peaches with a large pinch of cookie crumbs and top with the whipped cream. Repeat with two more layers of each ingredient and garnish with an additional sprinkle of the cookie crumbs. Repeat with the remaining parfait glasses and serve immediately or chill up to 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [4 ripe peaches, diced about 2 pounds, 4 teaspoons light brown sugar packed, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup crumbled Sandies pecan shortbreads about 10 cookies, plus additional for garnish, FatFree whipped topping recommended: Reddi Whip], title: Brookes Light and Lovely Peach Parfaits, picturelink: null}, 59644: {instructions: Grind clam meat in a meat grinder through large holes or food processor until roughly chopped and reserve.nMelt butter in a large stockpot over low heat. Cook onions until soft, about 5 minutes. Add clams and cook an additional 3 minutes, stirring occasionally to avoid browning.nAdd clam juice, turn heat to high, and bring to a boil. Add cream, return to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Add carrots, celery, and potato. Cook over mediumlow heat, uncovered, until vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes.nMake beurre manie by mixing butter and flour together with your fingers to form a smooth paste. Press onto ends of a whisk and stir into soup until completely and evenly dispersed. Stir in remaining ingredients, taste and adjust seasonings, and serve immediately., ingredients: [10 ounces fresh clam meat, preferably Geoduck, cut in 1inch pieces, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 12 medium onions, diced, 4 cups clam juice, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 large carrot, peeled and diced, 1 stalk of celery, diced, 1 large red or white potato, peeled and diced, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black, 2 dashes of Tabasco, Juice of 12 lemon, 12 tablespoon softened, unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour], title: Geoduck Clam Chowder, picturelink: null}, 59645: {instructions: Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCut the top off the garlic and wrap it in foil leaving the top cut edge exposed. Drizzle on some olive oil and bake for 45 minutes or until the garlic is soft and caramelized. Remove from the oven and let cool a bit.nMeanwhile peel the potatoes, cut them into cubes, and put them into a medium sized pot. Cover them with water and add a big pinch of salt. Bring them to a boil over high heat, then lower the heat to medium and simmer until they are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain them well.nWhile the potatoes are cooking, warm the cream and rosemary in a small pot over low heat. When you are ready to mash, strain out the rosemary.nWhen the potatoes are dry but still hot, put them through a ricer into a large bowl. Squeeze in the garlic and add some of the warm cream. Mix well, then add the butter and mix again. Add more cream if they are too dry. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 head garlic, Extravirgin olive oil, 3 pounds russet potatoes, Water, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 3 sprigs rosemary, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Georges Fluffy Garlic Mashed Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 59646: {instructions: Combine 3 12 cups warm water, honey, and yeast in a large liquidmeasuring cup. Stir until dissolved. Let stand until foamy, about 5 minutes. In a large bowl, whisk together 3 12 cups of the bread flour, wholewheat flour, wheat germ, and salt. Make a well in the center pour in the yeast mixture. Stir with a wooden spoon, gradually drawing in the flour until well combined. Remove the dough to a lightly floured surface. Knead in the remaining 12 cup bread flour a little at a time until smooth and elastic, 10 to 15 minutes. Place in a lightly oiled bowl. Cover with lightly oiled plastic wrap. Transfer to a warm place, and let rise to double its original size, 1 to 1 12 hours. Remove the plastic wrap from the dough. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured work surface, and punch down. Divide dough into two equal pieces. Flatten 1 piece of dough into an oval, and roll up lengthwise into a spiral. Place the roll, seam side down, into the prepared pan. Repeat process with second piece. Cover with oiled plastic wrap. Place the loaves in a warm place, and let rise again until doubled in size, 30 to 45 minutes. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the oven rack in the center of the oven. Brush 2 9 by 5inch loaf pans with vegetable oil. Put dough in pans. Bake until deep golden brown, 50 to 60 minutes. The loaves will sound hollow when tapped on the bottom. Transfer pans to a rack, and let cool 5 minutes. Invert the loaves onto the rack to cool completely., ingredients: [3 12 cups warm water, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 packets 12ounce active dry yeast, 4 cups bread flour, 3 cups wholewheat flour, 1 cup wheat germ, 2 tablespoons salt, Vegetable oil], title: Honey Whole Wheat Loaf, picturelink: null}, 59647: {instructions: Simmer orange juice with sugar until sugar is dissolvednAdd Cognac or Brandy, zest and spices.nPlace in a sterilized jar, seal tightly  store in a cool place  shaking occasionally for 1 monthnStrain it through a fine sieve into a sterilized decorative bottle for another month before serving., ingredients: [12 cup Valencia orange juice, 12 cup navel orange juice, 12 cup tangerine juice, 12 cup tangelo juice, 12 cup sugar, 2 cups Cognac or brandy, Zest from 2 oranges, cut into strips, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 clove, Dash of freshly ground nutmeg], title: Citrus Cordial, picturelink: null}, 59648: {instructions: Put 2 tablespoons oil in a large, deep saucepan over medium heat. When oil is hot, add minced garlic and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add onions and continue to cook, stirring frequently, until softened, about 5 more minutes. Add escarole and cook, tossing gently, until it begins to wilt, about another 3 minutes. Add stock and rice to the pan, bring to a boil. Lower the heat, cover and cook about 20 minutes or until rice is tender. Meanwhile, put remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a small skillet. When oil is hot, add sliced garlic and cook over mediumlow heat until it turns golden brown and begins to crisp. Remove garlic with a slotted spoon and set aside. When rice is cooked through, season soup with salt and pepper, top with a grating of Parmesan and garnish with garlic slivers., ingredients: [14 cup 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 or 4 cloves garlic, finely minced, plus 4 or 5 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 12 cup chopped onions, 4 cups coarsely chopped escarole about one head, 6 cups chicken or vegetable stock, or water, 14 cup shortgrain white rice, like arborio, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese, optional], title: Escarole Soup with Rice, picturelink: null}, 59649: {instructions: Heat the oil in a small nonstick pan. Add the mustard seeds and fry for about ten seconds, or until they begin to splutter.nAdd the onion and ginger, and cook for 2 to 3 minutes over a high heat. Add the peas, and stir well. Add the coriander, cumin, chile powder, garam masala, mango powder, salt to taste, and a splash of water. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, and then add the potatoes, and cilantro, and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes. Taste the mixture and adjust the seasoning as necessary.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nUnroll the phyllo pastry dough, cover with plastic wrap and a damp tea or kitchen towel. Peel off one sheet and keep the rest covered so that it doesnt dry out. Lay the pastry sheet flat on a clean surface, and brush with melted butter. Fold in one third of the pastry lengthwise towards the middle. Brush again with the butter and fold in the other side to make a long triplelayered strip.nPlace one rounded teaspoon of the filling mixture at one end of the strip, leaving a 1inch border. Take the right corner and fold diagonally to the left, enclosing the filling and forming a triangle. Fold again along the upper crease of the triangle. Keep folding in this way until you reach the end of the strip. Brush the outer surface with more butter. Place the triangle onto a baking sheet and cover while you make the rest of the samosas. Sprinkle over a few sesame seeds, if using.nBake in the center of the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until golden and crisp, turning halfway through the cooking time.nTo serve, place the samosas onto a large serving plate with a bowlful of chutney.n Can be found in specialty Asian markets., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 12 teaspoon mustard seeds, 2 12 ounces chopped onion, 1 teaspoon finely chopped ginger, 2 12 ounces frozen peas, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon red chile powder, 12 to 34 teaspoon garam masala, 1 to 2 teaspoons dried mango powder, Kosher salt, Splash water, 1 pound 5 ounces potatoes, peeled, boiled until soft, and crushed into large lumps, 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 package frozen phyllo pastry dough, thawed, 5 tablespoons melted butter, for brushing, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, poppy seeds or nigella, optional], title: Potato and Pea Samosas, picturelink: null}, 59650: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Grease the bottom and sides of a 13 x 9 pan with vegetable oil.nIn a bowl, add hash browns and vegetable oil. Mix until potatoes are evenly coated. Press potatoes into bottom and up sides of pan. Put into center of oven and bake for 2025 minutes or until browned. Remove from oven and set aside.nIn a mixing bowl, whisk together the eggs, milk, baking powder, salt and pepper. Add diced onion and mix. Pour egg mixture over prebaked potatoes. Place two rows of sausage links on top egg mixture down the length of the pan. Cover and place in oven.nBake for 3035 minutes or until center is firm. Remove from oven, uncover. Top with cheese and parsley. Return to oven uncovered and bake an additional 510 minutes or until cheese is melted. Remove from oven allow to set 510 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 pkg. 20 oz. Bob Evans Refrigerated Hash Brown Potatoes, 1 to 2 tbsp. vegetable oil, 1 tsp. salt, 14 tsp. black pepper, 10 eggs, grade A large, 34 cups milk, 12 tsp. baking powder, 14 to 12 cup diced onion, 1 pkg. 12 oz. Bob Evans Original Sausage Links uncooked, 14 tsp. parsley, chopped, 1 12 to 2 cups shredded Colby Jack or mild Cheddar cheese], title: Breakfast Link Bake, picturelink: gX7wwYztSMEvw1UA39bk9LMJeYjVdC}, 59651: {instructions: For the labne: Mix together the yogurt and salt in a large bowl. Line a mesh sieve with 3 layers of cheesecloth and set it over a medium bowl. Pour the yogurt onto the cheesecloth and leave to drain overnight in the refrigerator. Youll need 14 cup of the labne for the recipe.nFor the harissa oil: Combine the garlic, bell pepper, 1 cup of the oil, and the tomato paste in a food processor and pulse until nearly smooth.nAdd the cayenne, caraway, cumin, paprika and salt. With the motor running, slowly drizzle in 14 cup of the oil. Process until the harissa is completely pureed and all the ingredients are thoroughly combined. Makes about 2 12 cups of harissa.nMix 34 cup of the harissa with the remaining 1 cup canola oil to make the harissa oil.nFor the fried olives: Line up three medium bowls. Add the flour to the first, the egg to the second and the panko to the third.nWorking in small batches, with the help of a slotted spoon, toss a handful of the olives in the flour. Lift, shake off excess flour and quickly dip the olives in the egg mixture. Dredge them in the panko, shake off excess and add the olives to the egg mixture a second time. Dredge once again in the panko, shaking the olives around to coat evenly. Shake off excess and transfer to an airtight container until ready to use. The olives can be breaded up to a day in advance.nIn a deep skillet or medium pot, heat 1 12 to 2 inches of oil to 375 degrees F.nFry the breaded olives until golden brown, about one minute. Drain on paper towels.nServe the fried olives piping hot with labne drizzled with harissa oil on the side., ingredients: [14 cup tomato paste, 13 cup cayenne, 14 cup ground caraway, 14 cup ground cumin, 14 cup sweet paprika, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, Fried Olives:, Canola oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 large red bell pepper, seeded, 2 14 cups canola oil, 1 large egg, beaten, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 cups black olives, drained and pitted, Labne:, 1 quart plain yogurt, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, Harissa Oil:, 10 cloves garlic], title: Fried Olives with Labne, picturelink: null}, 59652: {instructions: Slice the pears in half. Coat with lemon juice to prevent browning.nIn a saucepot, add the sugar and water and bring to a boil to make a syrup. Reduce to a simmer and add the pear halves, cinnamon, nutmeg, honey, and lemon grass. Continue to cook for 10 to 15 minutes or until pears are tender, but not falling apart., ingredients: [2 Asian pears, peeled and cored, 12 lemon, juiced, 12 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 stalk lemon grass, halved], title: Lemon Grass Spiced Poached Pears, picturelink: null}, 59653: {instructions: Put the coffee, sugar and vanilla extract in a medium bowl and whisk until the sugar has completely dissolved. Pour the mixture into a 9by13inch baking dish, cover with plastic wrap and freeze until completely solid, at least 6 hours and up to overnight.nWhen ready to serve, use a metal fork to scrape the frozen coffee mixture into fine shavings. Scoop the shavings into small serving bowls or snow cone cups. Serve frozen., ingredients: [3 cups hot, strong brewed coffee, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Coffee Snow Cone, picturelink: 2MoaJW1BRrm7vllOB6g.LtYrCxGk0q}, 59654: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a large Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the couscous and cook, stirring, until toasted, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the chicken broth, bay leaves, 1 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bring to a boil, stirring. Reduce the heat to low cover and cook until the liquid is absorbed and the couscous is tender, about 10 minutes. Discard the bay leaves.nAdd the dates, scallions, parsley, dill and lemon zest to the pot and stir season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl. Drizzle with olive oil and top with pomegranate seeds.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 onion, chopped, 2 12 cups pearl couscous, 3 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 bay leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup pitted dates, roughly chopped, 3 scallions, thinly sliced, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 teaspoons finely grated lemon zest, Pomegranate seeds, for topping], title: Lemon Pearl Couscous with Dates, picturelink: Bpk7x7rJ8TKeliNJFcO762UhOyEh4C}, 59655: {instructions: Dip the rims of the champagne flutes in water. Dip again in the sanding sugar.nDivide Champagne between 2 glasses. Add half of both juices to each glass and top with orange liqueur., ingredients: [12 cup pink sanding sugar, 1 750ml bottle brut Champagne, 4 tablespoons pineapple juice, 4 tablespoons blood orange juice, 2 tablespoons orange liqueur recommended: Grand Marnier], title: Lazy Sunday Mimosa, picturelink: K6jW0ttsn8yxtFTmSWeJT8rz00ucTO}, 59656: {instructions: For the onion confit: Heat a large enameled castiron pot over medium heat. Add the butter when it begins to foam, add the red onions, marjoram, thyme, bay leaves and sugar, and sprinkle liberally with salt. When the onions begin to caramelize, add the red wine and balsamic vinegar and reduce to dry. Reduce the heat to mediumlow and add 1 cup of the beef stock cook until reduced to a glaze. Repeat until all the beef stock has been used. Turn off the heat and adjust the seasoning with salt and pepper.nFor the ribeye: Heat a 12inch castiron skillet over high heat add the oil. Pat the steak dry with paper towels, and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper. When the oil is just below smoking, place the steak into the pan. Once a nice sear has developed, flip the steak and add the butter, thyme and garlic. If the garlic or steak begins to burn, reduce the heat. Cook, basting the steak with the bubbling butter, until an internal temperature of 125 degrees F has been reached for mediumrare. Remove the steak to a cutting board and let rest for 7 to 10 minutes before slicing. Serve with the French onion confit.nPlace the potatoes in a large pot, cover with room temperature water and season liberally with salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce to a simmer and cook until fork tender. Drain the potatoes, saving 12 cup of the cooking water for thinning out if needed.nPass the potatoes through a food mill into a large bowl. Add the butter and heavy cream, and fold together with a spatula until combined. Fold in the shredded cheese. If the potatoes get too thick, thin them out with a little of the cooking water. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve garnished with chives and a drizzle of olive oil., ingredients: [6 tablespoons butter, 3 medium red onions, thinly sliced, 3 sprigs fresh marjoram, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, 2 bay leaves, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 4 cups beef stock, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive or vegetable oil, One 32ounce dryaged 28 days bonein ribeye, room temperature, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons butter, 6 sprigs fresh thyme, 4 cloves garlic, unpeeled, smashed, Pommes Aligot, for serving, optional, recipe follows, 2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled, 1 cup heavy cream, heated, 1 cup shredded Gruyere, Chives, for garnishing, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling], title: PanSeared RibEye with French Onion Confit, picturelink: iQF.8MEjFIAez2JEqzJfMhXEUW0nwGa}, 59657: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nHeat a highsided saute pan over mediumhigh heat. Sprinkle the beef with salt and pepper, and then sear the meat to render the fat. Add the mirepoix and cook to caramelize the vegetables. Deglaze with the wine and reduce. Add the beef stock, then transfer to the oven and cook until tender, 3 hours.nCook the grits according to the package instructions, then mix in the cream cheese and green onions to finish.nHeat the grapeseed oil in a large saute pan and saute the green beans and shrimp until cooked through, 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, then add the goat cheese.nOn a serving plate, add a line of grits, place the short rib on one area with some of the sauce from the bottom of the braising pan. Place the green beans next to the short rib and the shrimp over the green beans. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 ounces beef short rib, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 ounces mirepoix equal parts chopped celery, carrots and onions, 1 cup red wine, 2 ounces beef stock, 12 cup stoneground white grits, 2 ounces cream cheese or mascarpone, 2 tablespoons sliced green onions, 2 ounces grapeseed oil, 2 ounces green beans, 4 jumbo shrimp size 1620, peeled and deveined, 2 ounces goat cheese], title: Braised Short Ribs with Seared Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: ZF4v4loLND489QKG1b04wFiphVwRVW}, 59658: {instructions: Lay the chicken breasts on a cutting board and slice each diagonally into 4 or 5 large strips.nCombine the flour, salt, and pepper on a dinner plate. Beat the eggs with 1 tablespoon of water on a second plate. Combine the breadcrumbs and Parmesan on a third plate. Dredge the chicken breasts on both sides in the flour mixture, then dip both sides into the egg mixture and roll in the breadcrumb mixture, pressing lightly to coat.nHeat 1 tablespoon of butter and 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large saute pan and cook the chicken strips on mediumlow heat for about 3 minutes on each side, until just cooked through. Dont crowd the pan. Add more butter and oil and cook the rest of the chicken breasts. Serve each strip on a skewer or stick.nYou can keep the chicken breasts warm for about 15 minutes on a sheet pan in a preheated 200 degree F oven., ingredients: [1 12 pounds skinless, boneless chicken breasts 3 to 4, 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 extralarge eggs, 1 cup seasoned bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Parmesan, Unsalted butter, Good olive oil, Bamboo skewers 6 to 10 inches long or icecream sticks], title: Parmesan Chicken Sticks, picturelink: null}, 59659: {instructions: Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Melt chocolate and butter together in microwave on high for 1 to 2 minutes, or on stove top in heavy saucepan on very low heat. Stir until chocolate is completely melted. Stir sugar into chocolate until well blended. Mix in eggs and vanilla. Stir in flour and nuts until well blended. Spread in greased 9x13inch glass baking dish. Bake 30 minutes. Do not overbake. Cool in pan. Cut into squares., ingredients: [6 squares unsweetened chocolate, 34 cup unsalted butter, 2 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 cup chopped nuts optional], title: Brownies, picturelink: null}, 59660: {instructions: Make the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line two 24cup mini muffin pans with paper liners. Melt the chocolate and butter in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water do not let the bowl touch the water. Whisk until smooth, then remove the bowl keep the water simmering in the saucepan. In another bowl, whisk the sugar, flour and salt mix into the melted chocolate. Add the eggs, one at a time, then whisk in the vanilla until smooth.nDivide the batter among the prepared cups, filling each threequarters of the way. Bake until the cakes spring back when touched, 15 to 18 minutes. Remove from the pans and cool on a rack.nMeanwhile, make the icing: Whisk the sugar, egg whites, lemon juice and salt by hand in the bowl of a stand mixer. Empty the tea bags and add the loose tea to the bowl, then set the bowl over the saucepan of simmering water and whisk until the mixture is hot and the sugar dissolves, about 2 minutes. Transfer the bowl to the stand mixer and beat with the whisk attachment on mediumhigh speed until the mixture holds stiff peaks, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large resealable plastic bag, snip the corner and pipe the icing onto the cupcakes.nPhotograph by Stephanie Foley, ingredients: [6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 2 sticks unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 12 cups sugar, 34 cup cake flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 4 large eggs, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, 4 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Pinch of salt, 2 bags Earl Grey tea], title: Tea Cakes with Earl Grey Icing, picturelink: jh7M.yPx2E47t2DsHXytRYvEqpJvCyy}, 59661: {instructions: For the cauliflower couscous: Grate the cauliflower into a large mixing bowl with a cheese grater or in a food processor with the grating tool attached so it looks like couscous. Julienne the peaches thinly so they resemble worms and add to the bowl. Stir in the grapes and mint.nFor the champagne poppy vinaigrette: Blend together the olive oil, champagne vinegar, maple syrup, vanilla extract and garlic in a food processor. Once combined, fold in the jerky, poppy seeds and some salt and pepper. Pour on top of the cauliflower salad and mix., ingredients: [1 head cauliflower, 4 dried white peaches, 1 cup grapes, halved, 14 cup fresh mint, chopped, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 13 cup champagne vinegar, 1 tablespoon maple syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 clove garlic, minced, 12 cup beef jerky, 1 tablespoon poppy seeds, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Worms and Maggots Salad, picturelink: null}, 59662: {instructions: Prepare the salsa: Set a grater in a large bowl grate the tomatoes and onion into the bowl.nAdd the jalapeno, chopped garlic, hot sauce, cumin and salt and pepper to taste. Heat a medium skillet over low heat and add 2 teaspoons olive oil. Fry the salsa in the oil until it thickens slightly, 3 minutes. Remove to a bowl and set aside. Add the beans to the same pan along with the smashed garlic, 12 cup warm water and a pinch of salt cook over low heat until warmed through, smashing slightly with a fork.nMeanwhile, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in another skillet. Fry the eggs sunnyside up season with pepper.nPlace 1 warm tortilla on each plate. Divide the beans among them, then top with a fried egg, some salsa and cheese. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve with the remaining salsa.nPer serving: Calories 360 Fat 19 g Sat. 6 g Mono. 9.5 g Poly. 2 g Cholesterol 228 mg Sodium 430 mg Carbohydrate 33 g Fiber 7 g Protein 16 gnPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 small tomatoes, 1 small onion, 1 medium jalapeno pepper, chopped, 2 cloves garlic 1 chopped, 1 smashed, 12 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 15 .5ounce can black beans, drained and rinsed, 4 large eggs, 4 6 inch corn tortillas, warmed, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro], title: Huevos Rancheros, picturelink: pq7jKRDEzkrpE30UzqWCF1MCEEQa7BG}, 59663: {instructions: Combine the baby greens in a salad bowl. In a mini food processor, pulse together the shallot, mustard, vinegar, lemon juice, zest and cayenne. Add the olive oil and pulse again to combine. Add the sour cream and blend for 30 seconds until creamy. Taste and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle over the greens and toss to coat and serve., ingredients: [8 cups assorted baby greens, such as escarole, radicchio, endive and mache, 1 shallot, minced, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, Pinch cayenne pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup sour cream, Salt and pepper], title: Mesclun with Creamy Lemon Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 59664: {instructions: Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with vegetable oil cooking spray. Set aside.nIn a food processor, combine the scone mix and butter. Pulse until the mixture resembles a coarse meal. Transfer the mixture to a large bowl and add the apricots, salami, and thyme. Add the buttermilk and mix until a sticky dough forms. Place 13 cupfuls of the dough onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the tops start to brown slightly, 16 to 18 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool, about 20 minutes., ingredients: [Vegetable oil cooking spray, 1 15ounce box plain scone mix recommended: Ivy Cottage, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, chilled and cubed, 20 dried apricots, cut into 14inch pieces, to yield about 1 cup, 6 ounces salami, cut into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup buttermilk, chilled], title: Apricot and Salami Scones, picturelink: YRx6R0HY2Hs6h6g0IX5lUB56bUBEm}, 59665: {instructions: Segment and juice 3 of the oranges in the following way: Cut both ends off 1 of the oranges and place it, cut side up, on a cutting board. Using a sharp, flexible knife, cut the skin and white membrane from the orange. Use a sawing motion and cut from top to bottom following the contours of the orange. Free the orange segments by cutting along the seams that separate them from each other. Do this over a bowl to collect any juices. Reserve the segments separately and squeeze whats left of the orange over the bowl to collect the juice. Do the same with the remaining 2 oranges. Strain the juice into a measuring cup: You should have about 34 cup if not, juice the remaining orange and add as much as needed.nCombine the ginger, mayonnaise, mustard, and honey with 12 cup of the orange juice in a small bowl. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a small bowl, combine half of the chopped shallots with 3 tablespoons of the remaining orange juice. Whisk in the olive oil and season with salt and pepper.nCut the avocados lengthwise up to the large pit in the middle. Gently twist apart the 2 halves and remove the pit. Wedge a teaspoon between the skin and the flesh and remove the flesh in 1 piece. Cut the avocados into 1inch pieces and put them into the bowl with the honeyandginger dressing. Add the remaining shallots, the chopped mint and the chopped cilantro, and mix together lightly so as not to break up the avocado.nWhen ready to serve, set aside 8 orange segments. Toss the rest with the whole lettuce leaves and just enough of the orangeandolive oil vinaigrette to coat. Divide the lettuce and oranges among 4 plates. Spoon some avocado onto each plate there will be some dressing left in the bowl. Top with the reserved orange segments and drizzle any remaining honeyandginger dressing over the salad. Garnish with whole mint and cilantro leaves, and, if you like, some pickled ginger., ingredients: [4 oranges, preferably seedless, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 medium shallots, finely chopped, 1 to 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 avocados, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh mint leaves, plus whole leaves for garnish, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus whole leaves for garnish, 4 whole leaves Boston lettuce, washed and dried well, 4 while leaves red leaf lettuce, washed and dried well, Sliced pickled ginger, optional], title: Avocado and Orange Salad with Honey and Ginger Dressing, picturelink: null}, 59666: {instructions: Combine the apple cider, cranberry juice, salt, sugar, pickling spice, red pepper flakes and orange zest in a large saucepan. Bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook until the salt and sugar have dissolved and the spices are fragrant, 35 to 40 minutes. Stir in 8 cups icecold water.nPlace the turkey beast skinside down into a large bowl and pour the brine over the top. Cover and refrigerate for 3 to 4 hours 1 hour per pound.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRemove the turkey from the brine, pat dry and place skinside up on a roasting pan with a rack. Rub the turkey with olive oil and sprinkle with black pepper. Roast until the breast reaches an internal temperature of 160 degrees F, 1 hour 40 minutes, brushing with Cranberry Apple Glaze every 15 minutes using about half of the glaze total.nLet the turkey rest for 10 minutes before serving with the remaining Cranberry Apple Glaze.nCombine the apple cider, cranberries, cranberry juice, maple syrup and apple cider vinegar in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat, and then reduce to a simmer until the liquid has been reduced by 2 cups and the cranberries have burst, 18 to 20 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and then transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Yield: 1 12 cups., ingredients: [2 12 cups apple cider, 2 tablespoons pickling spice blend, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, Zest of 1 orange, cut off into wide strips, Ice, for chilling, One 4pound skinon bonein turkey breast, rinsed and trimmed of excess fat, Olive oil, for brushing turkey, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups cranberry juice, 12 cup kosher salt, 14 cup light brown sugar, Cranberry Apple Glaze, recipe follows, 2 cups apple cider, 2 cups cranberries, 1 cup cranberry juice, 12 cup maple syrup, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Cranberry Apple Roasted Turkey Breast, picturelink: null}, 59667: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large stockpot set over medium heat, heat the oil and butter, about 2 minutes. Add the onion and garlic, and saute until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the quinoa and corn, and saute for 3 minutes more. Add the stock, cream, potatoes, and Old Bay. Increase the heat to high and bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and simmer, uncovered, until the quinoa and potatoes are tender, about 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, using kitchen shears, cut the bacon into small pieces and add to a medium skillet set over medium heat. Cook until brown and crispy, about 4 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove to a paper towellined plate to drain. Set aside.nAdd the shrimp to quinoa and cook until they are pink and opaque, 2 to 3 minutes. Just before serving, add the parsley, green onions, and bacon., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 cup golden quinoa, 2 cups frozen wholekernel corn, thawed or kernels from 2 to 3 large cobs, 5 cups chicken stock, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 pounds baby Yukon Gold potatoes, quartered, 2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning, 4 ounces bacon about 6 slices, 1 pound medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley leaves, finely chopped, 4 green onions, finely chopped], title: Quinoa Corn Chowder, picturelink: vOycE7GN9anrDzypfSRJLAyMuXGEv72}, 59668: {instructions: Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add the noodles and cook as the label directs. Reserve 3 tablespoons of the cooking water, then drain the noodles and rinse under cold water. Meanwhile, mix the soy sauce and oyster sauce in a small bowl. Put the pork in another bowl and toss with 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce mixture. Heat 12 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the eggs cook, without stirring, until set, 1 minute. Flip and cook 30 seconds, then transfer to a cutting board and cut into strips. Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in the skillet. Add the pork and stirfry until golden but not fully cooked, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a plate. Add the scallions, ginger and garlic to the skillet and stirfry 30 seconds. Add the broccoli slaw and bell pepper and stirfry 4 more minutes. Return the pork to the skillet and add the noodles, the reserved cooking water and the remaining soy sauce mixture. Stirfry until the pork is cooked through, about 2 more minutes. Stir in the egg.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 6 ounces dried lo mein noodles, spaghetti or linguine, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons oyster sauce, 2 1inchthick boneless pork chops about 34 pound, thinly sliced, 2 12 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 bunch scallions, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped peeled ginger, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 4 cups broccoli slaw mix, 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced], title: Pork and Egg Lo Mein, picturelink: eUbBuvp6ZUappw9wcOF61NYTC65LpMW}, 59669: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPlace a pot of water on to boil for macaroni. When it boils, salt water and cook pasta until a little under done, just shy of al dente.nWhile pasta cooks, place a small nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat and add a drizzle of extravirgin olive oil and chorizo. Brown the chorizo then add the canned tomatoes to the pan and heat them through. Remove from heat and reserve.nWhile chorizo begins to cook, heat a medium sauce pot over mediumlow heat. Add 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, then add onions and chipotles and cook 3 to 5 minutes to sweat it out and turn the juices sweet. Raise heat up a bit, add the flour and whisk together until mixture bubbles up. Cook 1 minute more. Whisk in milk and stock and raise heat up a little more to bring the sauce to a quick boil. Once it bubbles, drop heat back to a rolling simmer sauce to thicken, 3 to 5 minutes.nDrain macaroni or pasta. Add cooked pasta back to the large pot.nAdd cheese to milk sauce and stir to melt, a minute or so. Stir in chorizo and tomatoes and season sauce with salt and pepper. Pour sauce over cooked pasta in large pot and toss to combine. Transfer to a large serving platter, garnish with chives and serve., ingredients: [1 pound macaroni elbows or cavatapi corkscrew shaped pasta twists, Salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, plus some for drizzling, 34 pound chorizo, 1 package, casing removed and diced, 1 15ounce can diced fire roasted tomatoes, drained, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 2 chipotle in adobo and their juices, chopped or 1 tablespoon ground chipotle chili, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 cups whole milk, 1 cup chicken stock, 3 cups shredded smoked Cheddar], title: Smoky Chipotle and Cheddar Mac, picturelink: HhflFJpbOueRbyIxlyoXqpEYyc3xsm}, 59670: {instructions: In large saucepan melt butter over low heat. Add marshmallows and stir until completely melted. Remove from heat.nAdd KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, fruit and pecans if desired. Stir until well coated.nPress mixture into six 4 12 x 2 12 x 1 12inch pans coated with cooking spray. Cool. Remove from pans.nCut each cherry into 5 slivers. Arrange slivers in shape of flower on top of each loaf.nIn small bowl whisk together powdered sugar and orange juice. Spoon over loaves. Let stand at least 1 hour. Best if served the same day.nMICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:nIn microwavesafe bowl heat butter and marshmallows on HIGH for 3 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir until smooth. Continue with recipe as directed above. Microwave cooking times may vary., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter or margarine, 1 package 10 oz., about 40 regular marshmallows,  OR , 4 cups miniature marshmallows, 5 12 cups KELLOGGSu00ae RICE KRISPIESu00ae cereal, 1 cup mixed dried fruit bits, 12 cup chopped pecans optional, 6 maraschino cherries, well drained, 12 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon orange juice or apple juice], title: Nuts About Fruit Cake, picturelink: PR7DOLwCBB3iiDzDr3A95ch3fKii9ke}, 59671: {instructions: Stir together the water, lime juice and sugar until the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the chia seeds and garnish with the optional sage sprigs. Serve in tall glasses over ice., ingredients: [2 quarts water, 1 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 1 cup sugar, 14 cup chia seeds, available in health food stores, Several sprigs of sage for garnish optional], title: Chia Lime Water, picturelink: null}, 59672: {instructions: Put scallions, ginger, thyme, and garlic into food processor and chop fine. With the motor running slowly, add the oil. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 large bunch scallions, roughly chopped, 3 ounces fresh ginger, peeled and roughly chopped, 6 thyme sprigs, picked, 1 garlic clove, crushed, 1 12 cups canola oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Scallion and Ginger Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59673: {instructions: In a 4quart Dutch oven or saucepan, heat the olive oil over medium heat. First, add the garlic, peppers and onions and cook, stirring often, until the peppers and onions are softened, 6 to 7 minutes. Next, add the zucchini, tomatoes and eggplant stir until coated with olive oil and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes, and then add the parsley, oregano, herbes de Provence if using, thyme and basil. Season with salt and pepper and stir to combine.nFinish cooking over lower heat for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from the heat and let rest before serving for 10 minutes, to allow the flavors to incorporate. Use or cover and refrigerate for up to 5 days., ingredients: [4 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, crushed and minced, 2 bell peppers green or other color, 1 large onion, quartered and thinly sliced, 4 small zucchini, cut into 14inch slices, 4 large red tomatoes, diced, 2 small eggplants, cubed, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon minced fresh oregano, 1 teaspoon herbes de Provence, optional, 1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, 10 leaves fresh basil, thinly cut, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ratatouille, picturelink: null}, 59674: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nMeasure the water in a measuring cup, stir in the yeast and let develop for 10 minutes. It should look foamy when its ready.nMeanwhile, add the flour and kosher salt to the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook. Turn on to whisk together and run for a minute or so to create a well. With the mixer running, add the water and yeast in a stream. Turn the mixer up to speed 2 and knead until the dough comes away from the bowl and it looks smooth and feels elastic but still sticky, 5 to 7 minutes. Flour your hands and knead the dough for a minute on the counter.nGrease a large glass bowl with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the dough, flip on both sides and cover with a clean tea towel. Place the dough in a warm spot to rise until it is double in size, about 1 hour.nSpread a half sheet tray with the remaining olive oil. Lay the dough on top and stretch and pat out until it reaches 10by16inches, an oval rough shape is ideal. Use your fingertips to press in small indentations. Sprinkle evenly with the cherry tomatoes, sea salt and rosemary leaves. Let rise again for 20 minutes.nPlace on the middle rack of the oven and bake until puffed and golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Slice into wedges or squares for serving and drizzle with more olive oil, if desired., ingredients: [1 cup lukewarm water, 1 package instant dry yeast, 2 cups bread flour, plus more for dusting, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup cherry tomatoes, 2 teaspoons sea salt, 4 sprigs fresh rosemary, leaves removed], title: Schiacciata, picturelink: null}, 59675: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Make the frittata base by mixing together the heavy cream, creme fraiche, Parmesan, salt, white pepper and eggs. Set aside in the fridge. At Craftsman and Wolves, we like to use fresh seasonal vegetables in our frittata. However, the wonderful thing about this dish is you can use whatever is in your fridge. Start by either sauteing or roasting your vegetables. If you are sauteing, you can use the same pan to cook the frittata. If you have leftover vegetables, make sure to thoroughly warm them in your frittata pan before adding the egg mixture. This will keep the vegetables from sticking to the bottom of the pan when you serve the frittata. Once your vegetables are cooked, set a 9inch pan over mediumhigh heat. Evenly coat the canola oil around the sides and bottom of your pan. When the oil starts to smoke a little, turn down the heat to medium and add your vegetables so that they form a even layer on the bottom of your pan. After 1 minute, add your frittata mixture. It should sizzle up the side of the pan. Turn your heat down to mediumlow and let the frittata cook. Once the edges of the frittata are set, transfer to the oven and cook just until the center is set, 16 to 20 minutes. Allow the frittata to cool for 5 minutes, and then run a butter knife around the side to loosen it from the pan. Invert onto a cutting board and cool 10 minutes. Reflip the frittata onto a plate, cut into 4 to 6 slices and serve, ingredients: [34 cup heavy cream, 34 cup creme fraiche, 13 cup grated Parmesan, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground white pepper, 12 eggs, 1 cup mixed vegetables, 1 tablespoon canola oil], title: Cast Iron Frittata from Craftsman and Wolves, picturelink: null}, 59676: {instructions: Heat oven to 350 degrees F. In small bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar and egg until smooth. Stir in coconut.nIn ungreased, 9 or 8inch square pan, break up half of cookie dough. With floured fingers, press dough evenly in bottom of pan to form crust. Spread cream cheese mixture over dough. Crumble and sprinkle remaining half of dough over cream cheese mixture.nBake 35 to 40 minutes or until golden brown and firm to the touch. Cool 30 minutes. Refrigerate at least 2 hours or until chilled. For bars, cut into 4 rows by 4 rows. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 package 8 oz cream cheese, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 egg, 12 cup coconut, if desired, 1 roll 16.5 oz Pillsburyu00ae refrigerated chocolate chip cookies], title: Chocolate Chip Cheesecake Bars, picturelink: null}, 59677: {instructions: For the short ribs: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a bowl, mix together the steak spice and brown sugar and then coat the short ribs with the mixture.nIn a large skillet, heat some oil over high heat until hot. Sear the ribs to create a crispy outer coating. Place the ribs in a large roasting pan and set aside.nIn the same skillet, cook the garlic, onions and carrots over mediumhigh until the vegetables have sweated, 10 to 15 minutes. Add a bit of the beer to deglaze the pan. Pour the vegetables over the ribs in the roasting pan. Add the rest of the beer, the cola and about 4 cups water to the roasting pan and make sure the meat is completely submerged. Cover, transfer to the oven and cook for about 2 hours. Remove the cover and continue cooking an additional hour.nFor the pickled carrots and onions: Meanwhile, in a large pot, whisk together the vinegar, granulated sugar and 12 34 cups water until the sugar is completely dissolved. Bring to a boil, then let cool slightly. Put the carrots and onions in the quick pickling liquid for about 1 12 hours. Refrigerate.nWhen the short ribs are done, remove from the juices and set aside. Strain the liquid and then place in a pan and reduce over low heat to use as a jus for the ribs.nScoop the short ribs into the lettuce cups and drizzle with a small amount of jus. Top with the pickled carrots and onions. Serve 2 lettuce wraps per person., ingredients: [3 cups steak seasoning spice, 1 cup brown sugar, 8 pounds bonein beef short ribs, Oil, for searing ribs, 15 cloves garlic, roughly chopped, 8 red onions, roughly chopped, 5 carrots, roughly chopped, 12 34 cups beer, 8 12 cups cola, 6 13 cups white vinegar, 2 cups granulated sugar, 6 large carrots, cut into julienne, 4 large red onions, thinly sliced, 12 large, firm romaine or iceberg lettuce leaves, for serving], title: Beef Short Rib Lettuce Wrap, picturelink: null}, 59678: {instructions: Make the filling: Bring the cream and coffee nearly to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low cook for 5 minutes. Remove from the heat. Strain through a finemesh strainer into a bowl. Set aside.nBring the caramel topping to a boil in a saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for 2 more minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Slowly whisk in the creamcoffee mixture until combined. Pour into a large bowl and cool to room temperature. Refrigerate for 45 minutes, or until completely chilled.nMake the cups: Place the pastry shells on an ungreased baking sheet and bake according to the package directions. Transfer to a rack to cool, then pull out the center of the shells with your fingers.nPlace the chocolate chips in a small microwavesafe bowl and microwave on medium power, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted, about 1 12 minutes. Pour the toffee bits into a pie plate. Dip the rims of the pastry shells in melted chocolate and then in the toffee. Set aside.nBeat the coffee mixture with a mixer on medium speed until thickened. Slowly beat in the confectioners sugar on high until stiff peaks form.nAssemble the cups right before serving or selling: Spoon the coffee mixture into a large ziptop plastic bag. Press out the air and seal. Snip off a corner pipe the mixture into the shells. Drizzle with more caramel.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 12 cups heavy cream, 14 cup ground coffee, 34 cup caramel topping, plus more for drizzling, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 10ounce package frozen puff pastry shells, 12 cup semisweet chocolate chips, 13 cup toffee bits], title: ToffeeCoffee Tartlets, picturelink: ek7KkR9a8BUL0bNlh9iIov0SDjC1ju}, 59679: {instructions: Traditional Peruvian style stirfry of sauted beef tenderloin, onions, tomatoes, cilantro, soy sauce, garlic with fried potatoes and rice.nBoil the broth in a small saucepan until reduced to 1 cup, about 8 minutes. Set aside.nBring 2 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil. Add rice. Cover, then reduce heat and cook about 15 minutes.nMix in the corn. Cover and let stand 5 minutes, then fluff the rice with a fork.nMeanwhile, heat enough oil in a large, deep nonstick skillet to reach the depth of 18 inch. Add potatoes and fry until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nHeat the 2 12 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the beef and saute until brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nUsing slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a plate. Add the onion wedges to the same skillet and cook until beginning to soften turning with tongs, about 2 minutes per side. Add the tomatoes, chile, cilantro, soy sauce, vinegar, and the reserved reduced broth and cook 2 minutes to soften the tomatoes. Add the beef and potatoes toss to heat through.nSpoon beefpotato mixture into shallow soup bowls. Serve rice mixture alongside.nTraditional Peruvian style stirfry of sauted beef tenderloin, onions, tomatoes, cilantro, soy sauce, garlic with fried potatoes and rice.nBoil the broth in a small saucepan until reduced to 1 cup, about 8 minutes. Set aside.nBring 2 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt to a boil. Add rice. Cover, then reduce heat and cook about 15 minutes.nMix in the corn. Cover and let stand 5 minutes, then fluff the rice with a fork.nMeanwhile, heat enough oil in a large, deep nonstick skillet to reach the depth of 18 inch. Add potatoes and fry until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels.nHeat the 2 12 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the beef and saute until brown, 1 to 2 minutes.nUsing slotted spoon, transfer the beef to a plate. Add the onion wedges to the same skillet and cook until beginning to soften turning with tongs, about 2 minutes per side. Add the tomatoes, chile, cilantro, soy sauce, vinegar, and the reserved reduced broth and cook 2 minutes to soften the tomatoes. Add the beef and potatoes toss to heat through.nSpoon beefpotato mixture into shallow soup bowls. Serve rice mixture alongside., ingredients: [1 14 12ounce can lowsalt beef broth, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, Oil, for frying, 1 12 pounds russet potatoes, scrubbed unpeeled, cut into 12inch thick rounds, then cut crosswise into 12inch strips, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin steaks, cut crosswise into 14inch thick strips, 1 red onion, cut through stem end into 8 wedges, peeled, 3 tomatoes, each cut into 8 wedges, 3 tablespoons minced aji Amarillo chile Peruvian yellow pepper from jar or minced seeded red jalapeno chiles, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 14 12ounce can lowsalt beef broth, 2 cups water, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup longgrain white rice, 12 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, Oil, for frying, 1 12 pounds russet potatoes, scrubbed unpeeled, cut into 12inch thick rounds, then cut crosswise into 12inch strips, 2 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 pounds beef tenderloin steaks, cut crosswise into 14inch thick strips, 1 red onion, cut through stem end into 8 wedges, peeled, 3 tomatoes, each cut into 8 wedges, 3 tablespoons minced aji Amarillo chile Peruvian yellow pepper from jar or minced seeded red jalapeno chiles, 12 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar], title: Lomo Saltado, picturelink: null}, 59680: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPuree ricotta in a food processor until smooth. Scraping down the sides. Add the sugar and puree for approximately 1 minute so that it is not grainy. Add the eggs, vanilla, orange zest and salt. Puree until smooth and combined.nPlace a small bowl in the bottom of a 5 quart slow cooker and place a small plate on top of the bowl. Place pie crust on top of the plate and pour the filling into the pie crust. Place 4 paper towels over the top of slow cooker bowl making sure not to let the towels touch the top of the cheesecake. Secure with lid and cook on high setting for 1 12 hours, or until set. Remove from slow cooker and let sit for 30 minutes, then refrigerate for 30 minutes or until chilled.nIn a small pot whisk together the reserved peach juice, orange juice, cornstarch, sugar and salt. Stir in the chopped peaches and heat over medium heat. Cook until liquid thickens about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and serve warm over a slice of cheesecake.nOven Instructions:nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F.nPlace the pie crust into a baking dish or roasting pan large enough to accommodate the pie tin. Pour the filling into the crust. Add about 1inch of warm water into the bottom of the baking dish and cover with foil. Using a skewer, pierce about 12 holes into the foil to allow steam to vent. Bake for 50 minutes to 1 hour or until cheesecake set. Remove cheesecake from water bath and let rest on the counter for 30 minutes. Then place in the refrigerator for 30 minutes or until chilled., ingredients: [1 15ounce container ricotta, 34 cup sugar, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 orange, zested, Pinch salt, 1 9inch prepared graham cracker crust, 1 15ounce can peaches, juice reserved and peaches chopped, 1 orange, juiced, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon sugar, Pinch salt], title: Slow Cooker Cheesecake, picturelink: L5UfQbsXubEJGT02UROjB9cm1QQ4cu}, 59681: {instructions: Whisk the olive oil and lemon juice in a large bowl. Halve and pit the avocados, then cut into 12inch pieces add to the bowl and toss. Add the cherry tomatoes, cucumber, parsley, chives and 14 teaspoon each kosher salt and pepper. Gently toss until well combined.nPlace the lettuce in a large serving bowl. Drizzle lightly with olive oil and sprinkle with sea salt toss to coat. Spoon the avocado salad over the lettuce, top with the goat cheese and season with more sea salt. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, Juice of 1 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 2 avocados, 1 cup assorted cherry tomatoes, halved, 1 Kirby cucumber, quartered lengthwise and cut into 12inch pieces, 14 cup torn fresh parsley, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh chives, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 head Boston lettuce or other tender greens, torn into pieces, Flaky sea salt, 12 cup crumbled goat cheese about 2 ounces], title: AvocadoHerb Salad with Goat Cheese, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 59682: {instructions: In a food processor, combine the onion, garlic, and ginger and pulse to mince. Place in a bowl and combine with the lemon juice, olive oil, soy sauce, rum, crushed red pepper, sugar, and salt. Shake, or stir well, before use. Cut the chicken breast into 2inch strips. Put in plastic bag or tub with marinade. Marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nCombine sesame seeds with the flour. Dredge marinated chicken strips in the floursesame mixture. In a skillet, heat enough canola oil to lightly coat the bottom of the skillet until hot, but not smoking. Cook chicken strips, on both sides until golden brown. Transfer to a shallow roasting pan and finish in the oven.nTo assemble:nToss the Sesame Noodles with some SoyGinger Vinaigrette and some fresh mesclun greens. Place the noodle salad on a plate and top with the cooked sesame chicken. Drizzle some Spicy Apricot Sauce over the chicken. Garnish with pickled ginger and a side of the apricot dipping sauce.nCook angel hair pasta in boiling, salted water for 2 minutes or until al dente. Drain and rinse with cold water to stop the cooking. Add the cilantro, scallions, olive, and sesame oils. Combine well.nCombine all ingredients, except for the water, in a blender. Blend for 30 seconds. Then add the water and blend for another 10 seconds.nPut all ingredients in a saucepan, and heat until the glaze melts. Whisk until smooth, and serve at room temperature. Add water if it gets too thick., ingredients: [1 small minced onion, 3 cloves minced garlic, One 14inch piece peeled fresh ginger, 6 ounces lemon juice, 6 ounces olive oil, 3 ounces soy sauce, 3 ounces dark rum, 1 tablespoon crushed red pepper, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons salt, 5 chicken breasts, 1 cup toasted sesame seeds, 2 cups allpurpose flour, Sesame Noodles, recipe follows, SoyGinger Vinaigrette, recipe follows, Mesclun Greens, Spicy Apricot Sauce, recipe follows, 1 pound fresh angel hair pasta, 12 bunch cilantro, leaves chopped, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced ginger, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup canola oil, 1 ounce boiling water, 2 cups apricot glaze, 1 cup balsamic vinaigrette, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon grated ginger, 12 cup mirin], title: Sesame Chicken with Spicy Dipping Sauce, picturelink: KFsEyDp6jgPsrGvM34.RyVvgpv3XWm}, 59683: {instructions: Toss 1 quart quartered strawberries with 2 tablespoons granulated sugar in a bowl. Beat 1 cup heavy cream with 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar until soft peaks form. Melt 2 ounces finely chopped semisweet chocolate in the microwave and cool slightly fold into the whipped cream. Layer the cream and berries in glasses.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: BerryChocolate Fools, picturelink: dQB2wPYjtx76lKMrC0s5skgsCWKCwhu}, 59684: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place the apples on the bottom of a 13 by 9inch glass baking dish. Place pork tenderloin on top of apples. Pour about 12 cup of plum sauce over pork and apples. Cook until pork reaches an internal temperature of 125 degrees F. Pour on more sauce, about 12 cup, and cook until internal temperature is 135 degrees F. Remember that meat continues to cook after you remove it from the oven., ingredients: [8 Granny Smith apples, 14inch slices, 1 1 12pound pork tenderloin, 1 bottle Honey Plum Sauce], title: Pork Tenderloin with Honey Plum Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59685: {instructions: Divide the pizza dough into 4 equal pieces.nPreheat the oven with a pizza stone to 500 degrees F for 30 minutes.nPlace a large saute pan over high heat. Add the olive oil and when it is hot, saute the artichoke hearts and mushrooms. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Pour off any excess oil and let the vegetables cool.nRoll or stretch the dough, 14 at a time, into a 9inch circle. Place the dough, one at a time, on a lightly floured wooden peel. Brush the circles to within 1inch of the edge with chili oil. For each calzone, put 14 of both cheeses on half of the dough, still leaving the 1inch border. Top with 14 of the artichokes and mushrooms, the garlic and the thyme. Assemble the remaining calzones in the same way.nMoisten the edges of the circles with water. Fold the untopped half of the dough, trapping as much air inside as possible, over the filling and press the edges together firmly to seal. With the backside of a fork, press the edges of the dough to crimp them.nSlide the calzones onto the pizza stone and bake about 12 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown. Brush the calzones with melted butter and sprinkle them with Parmesan.nIn a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 14cup warm water.nIn a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour and the salt. Add the oil, the yeast mixture, and the remaining 34 cup of water and mix on low speed until the dough comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl and clusters around the dough hook, about 5 minutes. The pizza dough can also be made in a food processor fitted with the steel blade. Pulse once or twice, add the remaining ingredients, and process until the dough begins to form a ball.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead by hand 2 or 3 minutes longer. The dough should be smooth and firm. Cover the dough with a clean, damp towel and let it rise in a warm spot for about 30 minutes. When ready, the dough will stretch as it is lightly pulled.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth, unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the top of the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let rest 15 to 20 minutes. At this point, the balls can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 2 days. Yield: 4 8inch pizzas, ingredients: [Pizza dough, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 large artichoke hearts, very thinly sliced, 1 12 cups fresh porcini, sliced if large, Salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons chile oil, 1 cup grated Italian Fontina, 2 cups grated mozzarella, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, blanched, 3 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, plus 4 sprigs for garnish, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, 1 package active dry or fresh yeast, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup warm water, 105 to 115 degrees F, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing], title: Calzone with Artichokes and Porcini Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 59686: {instructions: Bloom the yeast.nMeasure out 12 cup warm water and check the temperature: It should be between 110 degrees F and 120 degrees F comfortable bathwater temperature. Sprinkle the yeast into a large bowl, add the warm water and whisk in the sugar. Let sit 1 minute it should bubble and froth slightly, then gently stir in 1 cup flour. Set aside near the stove while you prepare the dough.nMake the dough.nMix the melted butter and milk in a mixer with the hook attachment on low speed. Add the eggs and mix until blended. Scrape in the yeast mixture and mix until incorporated. Add 6 12 cups flour and 1 tablespoon salt mix until the dough forms a ball, 2 to 3 minutes, adding up to 12 cup more flour if the dough is too wet and sticky.nLet it rise.nBrush a large bowl with softened butter. Transfer the dough to the bowl, cover with a towel and let rise in a warm place, 2 hours to 2 hours, 30 minutes. The dough should double in volume.nShape the dough.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F and line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Dust a clean flat surface with flour and turn the dough out onto it. Flour your hands gently press the dough into a 16by8inch rectangle, about 12 to 34 inch thick dont use a rolling pin.nCut the dough.nWith the short side in front of you, cut the dough in half lengthwise with a floured knife. Then slice crosswise into 12 strips.nShape the dough.nOne at a time, fold each strip of dough unevenly in half so the top part slightly overlaps the bottom half, then tuck the overhang underneath. Place the rolls seamside down on the prepared baking sheet in 3 tightly packed rows. If making in advance, wrap the baking sheet tightly in plastic wrap and freeze up to 3 weeks.nBake the rolls.nBake until the rolls are bursting at the seams and golden brown, 18 to 20 minutes. If frozen, bake 25 minutes at 325 degrees F, then 10 minutes at 375 degrees F. Remove from the oven and brush with softened butter. Sprinkle with salt and serve immediately.nPhotographs by Jim Franco, ingredients: [1 14ounce packet active dry yeast, 12 cup sugar, 7 12 to 8 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 tablespoons 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus softened butter for brushing, 2 cups whole milk, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus more for sprinkling], title: Parker House Rolls, picturelink: 0RorDadT4j.P.DA8t6qWiprcDJUOW}, 59687: {instructions: Rinse eel and cut into 4inch long pieces, pat dry.nPreheat oven to 450 F.nIn an oven and stoveproof earthenware pot, place tomato sauce, red wine, caper berries, olives and chilies over medium heat and bring to a boil. Season eel pieces with salt and pepper and place into boiling sauce. Put eel into oven and bake until cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove from oven, sprinkle with chopped fennel and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 pounds eel, from sea or river, peeled and gutted, 2 cups basic tomato sauce, 1 cup dry red wine, 12 caper berries, 12 Gaeta olives, 1 tablespoon hot chili flakes, 18 cup chopped fennel fronds], title: Eel Livornese, picturelink: null}, 59688: {instructions: Bring 1 12 cups water to a simmer in a small saucepan. Stir in the rice and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the water is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 15 minutes set aside.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add all but 14 cup of the chopped onion, the jalapenos and garlic season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onion is tender, about 5 minutes. Add the turkey, chili powder and cumin. Cook, breaking up the meat, until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes season with salt. Continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the tomatoes start breaking down, about 5 minutes. Add the hominy and 1 12 cups water. Bring to a simmer and cook until thickened, about 10 minutes.nStir the jalapeno brine and half of the cilantro into the chili season with salt and pepper. Fluff the rice with a fork. Serve the chili over the rice top with the reserved chopped onion and cilantro and more pickled jalapenos.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 cup white rice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 white or red onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapeno peppers, plus more for topping, plus 1 to 2 teaspoons brine from the can, 3 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 pound ground turkey, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 4 plum tomatoes, chopped, 1 15ounce can hominy, drained and rinsed, 12 cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro], title: Turkey Chili with Hominy, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 59689: {instructions: In a food processor, puree all ingredients until smooth., ingredients: [2 cups cooked carrots, 1 cup chopped shallot, 23 cup sliced fresh ginger, 7 ounces vegetable oil, 4 ounces rice vinegar, 4 ounces light soy sauce], title: Carrot Ginger Dressing, picturelink: null}, 59690: {instructions: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the green beans and yellow wax beans and cook until crisptender, about 7 minutes, adding the edamame after 3 minutes. Drain the beans and edamame and run under cold water. Shake off the excess water and transfer to a large bowl.nMeanwhile, toast the sesame seeds in a small dry skillet over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat.nAdd the toasted sesame seeds, cilantro, scallions, vinaigrette, pickled ginger, jalapeno, ponzu sauce and sesame oil to the beans. Toss to combine season with salt.nWhisk 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper in a bowl. Slowly drizzle in 23 cup olive oil, whisking constantly, until thick and smooth. Add more salt and pepper to taste. Makes about 1 cup.nPhotograph by Ryan Liebe, ingredients: [Kosher salt, 12 ounces green beans, trimmed, 12 ounces yellow wax beans, trimmed, 1 12 cups frozen shelled edamame, 2 teaspoons sesame seeds, 12 cup fresh cilantro, chopped, 2 scallions, thinly sliced, 14 cup mustard vinaigrette see directions, 2 tablespoons pickled ginger, finely chopped, 12 red or green jalapeno pepper, thinly sliced remove seeds for less heat, 1 tablespoon ponzu sauce, 12 teaspoon toasted sesame oil optional], title: Asian ThreeBean Salad, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 59691: {instructions: Roll flying fish with pineapple, mango, and coconut. Tie with leek leaves. Heat pan add vegetable oil and saute julienne of vegetables and add white wine, fish stock and tomato juice. Bring to the boil add tomato paste and place fish into liquid until cooked. Serve using the liquid as the sauce., ingredients: [Stuffed Creole Flying Fish, 3 flying fish, 2 ounces. julienne of the following: pineapple, mango, coconut, onion, sweet peppers, and celery, 5 leek leaves, 1ounce vegetable oil, 6 ounces julienne tomatoes, White wine, 1 cup fish stock, 6 ounces tomato juice, 2 pounds tomato paste], title: Stuffed Creole Flying Fish with CouCou, picturelink: null}, 59692: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a gallonsized resealable plastic bag, combine 1 cup orange juice, 12 cup lime juice, and vinegar. Add pork and let it sit and marinate for about 1 hour in refrigerator.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine all dried spices. Pat the pork chops dry with a paper towel and rub with the dry spice mixture.nHeat oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Place the pork chops in the pan and sear on 1 side until brown. Flip over and turn the heat down to mediumlow. Add onion and saute for 2 minutes. Then add the garlic and continue to cook until garlic begins to brown. Pour in the remaining 14 cup orange juice, 14 cup lime juice, and white wine. Simmer until the liquid is slightly reduced and begins to thicken. The chops should be cooked through.nRemove the chops from pan and put on a warm plate. Continue to reduce juices in pan by half. Pour over the chops and serve immediately.nGarnish with watercress, tomatoes and avocado., ingredients: [1 cup plus 14 cup orange juice, divided, 12 cup plus 14 cup fresh lime juice, divided, 14 cup vinegar, 4 1inchthick bonein pork chops, 1 tablespoon black pepper, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon onion powder, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 14 cup chopped red onion, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup white wine, 1 cup watercress, for garnish, 1 Roma tomato, chopped, for garnish, 12 avocado, sliced, for garnish], title: Cuban Pork Chops with Mojo, picturelink: 63mRDCBWoGghl5szX78wsvYz221dyMO}, 59693: {instructions: Lay the steak out on a large platter or piece of plastic wrap and rub both sides with the Ancho Chili Powder. Marinate for 1 hour so the flavors can penetrate the meat.nIn the meantime, place a large grill pan on 2 burners over mediumhigh heat or preheat an outdoor gas or charcoal barbecue and get it very hot. Brush the grates with oil to keep food from sticking. Rub the peaches with oil and season with salt and pepper. Put the peaches cutside down on the grill and cook for 5 to 8 minutes, until the flesh softens slightly and caramelizes. Turn them over with tongs and grill the other side for 3 minutes to char the skin remove to a platter. Grill the lime slices for 2 minutes each side until slightly charred.nScrape off the excess chili powder on the surface of the steak so it doesnt burn on the grill. Rub the steak with oil and season both sides with of salt and pepper. Grill the steak on the hottest part of the barbecue for 4 minutes per side, until well charred. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let stand for 5 minutes. Cut the meat across the grain on the diagonal.nTo serve: put the greens on a platter and arrange the peach halves, lime slices, and steak on top. Sprinkle with the pecans and drizzle the salad with the olive oil.nThis homemade chili powder will add a smoky depth to chili and as a dry rub for steaks. Toast the ancho chile pieces over low heat in a dry skillet until fragrant, shaking the pan so they dont scorch. Put the chiles in a mini food processor and pulse to a powder. Add the remaining ingredients and buzz again to combine., ingredients: [4 pounds skirt steak, trimmed of excess fat, 1 recipe Ancho Chili Powder, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ripe yet firm peaches, halved and pitted, 3 limes, cut into 14inch slices, 4 cups micro greens or baby mixed greens, 1 cup toasted pecans, 3 ancho chiles, seeded and handtorn into pieces, 2 tablespoons chili powder, 2 tablespoons ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon dried oregano, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon sugar], title: Grilled Steak Salad with Texas Peaches, Pecans and Limes, picturelink: null}, 59694: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk the vinegar, lemon juice, garlic, and thyme in a large bowl to blend. Season with salt and pepper. Gradually whisk in the oil. Spoon 3 tablespoons of the marinade into a small bowl. Cover and set aside. Add the zucchini and yellow squash to the remaining marinade in the large bowl and toss to coat. Transfer the mixture to a 13 by 9 by 2inch glass baking dish. Cover and marinate at room temperature at least 3 hours or cover and refrigerate up to 1 day.nPrepare the barbecue for mediumhigh heat. Grill the vegetables until they are crisptender and brown, turning occasionally, about 8 minutes. Transfer the vegetables to a platter. Drizzle with the reserved marinade and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound zucchini about 3 large, trimmed and sliced diagonally about 14inch thick, 1 pound yellow crookneck squash about 3 large, trimmed and sliced diagonally about 14inch thick], title: Marinated Zucchini and Summer Squash, picturelink: H2Zv9G79RVQg26EBusN22IHKTNJBOe}, 59695: {instructions: Heat grill to high. Place the squid in a bowl, drizzle with a few tablespoons of oil, and season with salt and pepper. Grill the squid bodies and tentacles for about 2 minutes per side. Remove from the grill, let rest 5 minutes, then cut the bodies crosswise into 12inch thick rings. Keep the tentacles whole.nBrush the bread lightly with oil on both sides and season with salt and pepper. Grill for approximately 1 minute per side or until lightly charred. Remove and cut each slice into 12inch dice. Brush the tomatoes with oil, season with salt and pepper, and grill until slightly charred, about 1 minute remove and coarsely chop.nToss the squid, bread cubes, and parsley with some of the vinaigrette in a large bowl. Let stand for 10 minutes. Arrange the tomato slices along the bottom of a serving platter. Top with the squidbread mixture. Garnish with torn mint and drizzle with additional olive oil and red wine vinegar, if desired.nWhisk together vinegar, mustard, chipotle puree, honey, and garlic in a medium bowl. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Slowly whisk in the oil until emulsified. Stir in the mint. Let sit at room temperature for 15 minutes before using., ingredients: [1pound mediumsized squid, tentacles included, cleaned, Extravirgin olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 loaf dayold Italian bread, cut into 1inch thick slices, 2 ripe beefsteak tomatoes, cut into 12inch thick slices, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, Smoked Chile Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 14 cup fresh mint leaves, torn, Red wine vinegar, for drizzling, optional, 13 cup red wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon pureed chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 34 cup olive oil or canola oil, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves], title: Squid Bread Salad with Smoked Chile Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 59696: {instructions: Whip heavy cream into goat cheese until mixture is smooth and creamy.nPrepare strawberries by picking leaves off of the stem and cutting them in half. Use a melon baller to scoop out a hole in the strawberry.nUsing a pastry bag and tip, pipe goat cheese filling into the strawberry. Garnish with mint leaves.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut brioche into cracker size pieces. Brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Toast in oven until hard like a cracker. When cooled, pipe just a little goat cheese on the cracker and top with a filled strawberry., ingredients: [2 tablespoons heavy cream, 12 pound goat cheese recommended: Purple Haze, 5 long stem strawberries, 10 fresh mint leaves, 14 pound fresh brioche, Olive oil, for brushing, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Long Stem Strawberry Stuffed with Purple Haze Goat Cheese, picturelink: uLa1F9cVvMAa0KCAP6pNn1w0kqcMi.}, 59697: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a champagne flute, combine the brandy and cider and stir. Top with Champagne. Garnish with a couple of slices of apple., ingredients: [1 part brandy, 2 parts apple cider, chilled, 2 parts Champagne, 1 apple, sliced into thin slices, for garnish], title: Apple Crisp Cocktail, picturelink: QZt0Kahxexu6D4VbZR051Z4sN7xwKxO}, 59698: {instructions: Set a mediumsize nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Spray with olive oil, and brown the chicken 2 minutes on each side. Season each cooked side with salt and pepper. Add the pasta sauce and let simmer for 4 minutes. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, cover with a lid, and let sit 1 minute. Divide between 4 plates and serve with the pasta and broccoli.nBring a large pot of water to a boil and add the pasta. Cook 5 minutes, add broccoli, and continue to cook 4 minutes. Drain and toss with olive oil season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [Olive oil spray, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, visible fat removed, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup lowsugar, lowfat pasta sauce, 14 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 4 ounces whole wheat spaghetti 1 cup uncooked, 4 cups broccoli florets 8 ounces, 1 tablespoon, plus 1 teaspoon olive oil], title: Chicken Parmesan, Pasta and Broccoli, picturelink: null}, 59699: {instructions: Bring the chicken broth, 3 12 cups water and the cheese rind to a simmer in a saucepan over medium heat. Cover, reduce the heat to low and simmer 20 minutes discard the rind. Keep warm.nHeat the olive oil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, 2 more minutes. Add the wine and cook, stirring, until evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add 12 cup warm broth and stir constantly until absorbed. Repeat, adding the broth in 12cup increments and stirring constantly, until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is just tender and creamy, 20 to 25 minutes. Add the peas and stir until heated through, about 1 minute. Remove from the heat.nCombine the parsley, chives and marjoram in a bowl. Add all but 1 tablespoon of the herbs to the risotto along with the grated parmesan and yogurt stir vigorously until creamy, about 1 minute. Divide the risotto among bowls. Top with the reserved herbs and more parmesan.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [2 cups lowfat, lowsodium chicken broth, 1 2to3inch piece parmesan rind, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup finely chopped shallots, 1 cup arborio rice, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 cup frozen peas, thawed, 3 tablespoons minced fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 12 teaspoons minced fresh marjoram or thyme, 12 cup grated parmesan cheese, plus more for topping optional, 14 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt], title: Risotto With Yogurt and Peas, picturelink: lj5QmhgKtTvQWEzlBaaQe4jdSMOhwx2}}