{300: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make your filling, combine all of the ingredients except the wonton wrappers and optional ingredients in a bowl, breaking up the cheese wedges as you add them. Mix until uniform. Set aside. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray and set that aside as well.nLay one wonton wrapper flat on a clean, dry surface. Spoon a heaping 12 tablespoon of filling into the center. Moisten all four edges by dabbing your fingers in water and going over the edges smoothly. Fold the bottom left corner to meet the top right corner, forming a triangle and enclosing the filling. Press firmly on the edges to seal. Repeat with all of the remaining wrappers and filling, gently placing each rangoon flat on the baking sheet.nSpray the tops of the wontons with nonstick spray. Bake in the oven for about 12 minutes, carefully flipping halfway through, until golden brown. Allow to cool slightly.nIf you like, dip your rangoonies in some sweet and sour sauce or hot mustard, ingredients: [4 ounces flaked imitation crabmeat or highquality crabmeat, 2 scallions, finely chopped, 14 cup fatfree cream cheese, room temperature, 2 wedges light spreadable Swiss cheese recommended: The Laughing Cow Light, room temperature, 1 teaspoon reducedsodium or lite soy sauce, 12 teaspoon chopped garlic, 16 small square wonton wrappers often stocked near the tofu in the refrigerated section of the market, Sweet and sour sauce, optional, Chinesestyle hot mustard, optional], title: The Crab Rangoonies, picturelink: XFavEw8bRqHPK34SBYXezsey75f2ouq}, 301: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCut a hole in the watermelon large enough for the tequila bottles neck. Insert the tequila bottle upside down. Refrigerate and let the liquor soak into the watermelons flesh overnight.nCube the melon, and skewer each cube with a wedge of lime sprinkled with salt., ingredients: [1 large seedless watermelon, One 750milliliter bottle tequila, 6 to 7 limes, cut into wedges, Kosher salt], title: Watermelon Tequila Shots, picturelink: dZtXZYlgMT0OEbttNL11sHhZT5toLE2}, 302: {instructions: To make the mayo: In a small bowl, mix the wasabi powder with 1 teaspoon water to make a paste. Mix the wasabi paste, remaining water and mayonnaise together. Season with some sugar, and set aside.nTo make the spicy coating: Mix all the ground cumin, dried chile flakes, black pepper, and salt, on a plate.nTo make the beef: Prepare the fillet by hammering it with a meat mallet, or the side of a Chinese cleaver. Slice the beef into waferthin slices, and coat the pieces in the spice mix.nHeat a wok or pan over high heat and add the groundnut oil. Add the beef and stirfry for less than 1 minute until browned and tender. As the beef starts to cook, pour in the rice wine or sherry, and season with the soy sauce, and a pinch of salt. Remove the wok from the heat and stir in the cilantro, and spring onions. Serve immediately. You can serve the spiced beef in steamed thin wheat flour pancakes, stuffed into warmed flatbreads or rolled in warmed tortilla wraps topped with plenty of wasabi mayo., ingredients: [12 tablespoon wasabi powder or creamed horseradish, 4 teaspoons water, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, Pinch caster sugar superfine, 2 tablespoons freshly ground cumin, 2 tablespoons dried chile flakes, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 pound beef fillet tenderloin, 2 tablespoons groundnut oil, 1 teaspoon Shaohsing rice wine or dry sherry, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 1 pinch sea salt, 1 large handful fresh cilantro leaves and stalks, roughly chopped, 1 spring onion, finely sliced, Serving suggestion: Wheat flour pancakes, flatbreads or tortillas, for serving], title: Spiced Beef StirFry Topped with Spring Onion and Coriander, picturelink: null}, 303: {instructions: HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Coat an 8 x 8inch baking pan lightly with nostick cooking spray.nSTIR apples with topping, cornstarch and cinnamon until apples are coated. Place in prepared baking pan.nCOMBINE flour, oats and brown sugar blend in medium bowl. Stir in oil until evenly moistened and large crumbs form. Sprinkle over apples.nBAKE 35 to 40 minutes or until apples are tender and top is golden brown. Let stand about one hour before serving. Serve with whipped topping, if desired., ingredients: [Sugar free frozen whipped topping, thawed optional, 12 cup Crisco Puritan Canola Oil with Omega3 DHA, Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 5 cups peeled, cored, sliced Granny Smith apples, about 3 large apples, 12 cup Smuckersu00ae Sugar Free Caramel Spoonable Ice Cream Topping, 1 tbsp. cornstarch, 1 12 tsps. ground cinnamon, TOPPING:, 1 14 cups Pillsbury BESTu00ae All Purpose Flour, 1 14 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 14 cup brown sugar sucralose blend or 12 cup firmly packed brown sugar], title: Apple Caramel Crisp, picturelink: null}, 304: {instructions: Place the vinegar in a small nonreactive saucepan and heat to a boil. Add the sugar, stirring until it has completely dissolved, then lower the heat to mediumlow and let simmer for 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, using a mortar and pestle or a bowl and the back of a spoon, pound or mash the garlic and salt to a smooth paste. Stir in the pepper flakes and blend well. Remove the vinegar mixture from the heat and stir in the garlic paste. Let cool to room temperature. Store sealed in a glass jar in the refrigerator for up to 2 days., ingredients: [12 cup rice or cider vinegar, 12 cup sugar, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons dried red pepper flakes], title: Hot and Sweet Dipping Sauce, picturelink: null}, 305: {instructions: Heat the grill to high.nRemove the husks from the grilled corn and discard. Brush the ears of corn with 2 tablespoons of the canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the ears until the kernels are lightly golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes. Remove the kernels from the ears.nPlace the avocado in a medium bowl and mash slightly with a fork. Add the corn, serrano, onion, lime juice, remaining 2 tablespoons of oil, cilantro and salt and pepper and gently stir to combine. Serve with fried corn chips or warm flour tortillas.nHeat the grill to medium.nPull the outer husks down the ear to the base. Strip away the silk from each ear of corn by hand. Fold husks back into place and tie the ends together with kitchen string. Place the ears of corn in a large bowl of cold water with 1 tablespoon of salt for 10 minutes.nRemove corn from water and shake off excess. Place the corn on the grill, close the cover and grill for 15 to 20 minutes, turning every 5 minutes, or until kernels are tender when pierced with a paring knife. Remove the husks and eat on the cob or remove the kernels.nHow to remove corn kernels from cob: To remove kernels from cobs of either raw or cooked corn, stand cob upright on its stem end in a large pan, holding tip with fingers. Cut down the sides of cob with sharp paring knife, releasing kernels without cutting into cob. Run dull edge of knife down the cob to release any remaining corn and liquid., ingredients: [4 ears Perfectly Grilled Corn, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons canola oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 ripe avocados, peeled, pitted and diced, 1 serrano chile, finely diced, 1 small red onion finely diced, 1 lime, juiced, 14 cup chopped cilantro leaves, Blue, yellow and white corn chips, as accompaniment, 4 ears corn, Kosher salt], title: Charred Corn Guacamole with Corn Chips, picturelink: 40EdopR8Ox6kSBWXz0l5rSeb8d0jmwm}, 306: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9by13inch baking pan with parchment paper and spray with cooking spray.nCombine the granulated sugar, brown sugar, vanilla, salt, whole eggs and yolks in a large bowl set aside.nMelt the butter and chocolate in a double boiler, then whisk together until fully combined. Mix in the vegetable oil. Pour the chocolate mixture into the sugar mixture and mix until fully combined. Fold in the flour and cocoa.nPour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Let cool completely before slicing., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the baking pan, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 large eggs plus 2 yolks, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate chips, 12 cup vegetable oil, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup cocoa powder], title: Chewy Brownies, picturelink: S55YtBPFQ7mfW9iRQLkDizlAAooX.2}, 307: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the peanut butter in the microwave on high for 20 seconds to loosen it, then stir honey into it. Place the granola into a food processor and lightly process to crush up the granola, nuts, and raisins. Peel and cut each banana in half across the middle. Insert a popsicle or chop stick into the cut end of each halfbanana. Spread 1 side of each banana stick with 14 of the peanut sauce then coat liberally with spoonfuls of granola, gently pressing it into the peanut butter. Eat the bananas right off the sticks, but serve on a plate to catch the crumbs., ingredients: [12 cup chunky style peanut butter, 2 tablespoons honey, a couple of drizzles, 1 cup fancy granola with nuts and raisins, 2 large bananas, 4 ice cream sticks or chop sticks], title: Crunchy Monkey Peanut ButterBanana Sticks, picturelink: BzHggTnPtAeILoAZjhp5Dy0Q250N0Ue}, 308: {instructions: In a mixing bowl, combined the asiago, mozzarella and Parmesan. In a separate medium bowl, combine the ricotta and egg. In a medium saucepan, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook, stirring frequently, until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add in the garlic and cook for another minute. Stir in the flour and cook, stirring frequently and controlling the heat to prevent browning, about 1 minute. Slowly whisk in the milk and chicken broth. Bring the mixture to a boil and continue whisking until the sauce has thickened and coats the back of a spoon, about 10 minutes.nRemove the saucepan from the heat and stir in 14 cup of the prepared pesto. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk 14 cup of the pesto cream sauce and the remaining 2 tablespoons prepared pesto into the ricotta mixture. Set aside the remaining sauce.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil and add salt. Working in batches, add the pasta sheets to the boiling water and cook for 2 minutes transfer to a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet.nGrease a 9 by 13inch baking dish with the olive oil. Add 12 cup of the pesto cream sauce to the bottom of the baking dish. Place 1 pasta sheet on top of the sauce. Spread 13 cup of the ricotta mixture evenly over the pasta and sprinkle with 14 cup of the mozzarella mixture. Drizzle 13 cup pesto cream sauce over the cheese. Repeat the process, layering pasta, ricotta, mozzarella and pesto cream sauce twice more 3 layers in total. Finally finish with the fourth pasta sheet on top, and cover completely with the remaining pesto cream sauce and ricotta mixture. Sprinkle with the remaining mozzarella mixture. Coat a large piece of aluminum foil with nonstick cooking spray and cover the lasagna bake until bubbling, about 30 minutes. Remove the foil and turn the oven to broil. Broil until the top is a spotty golden brown, about 3 minutes. Allow the lasagna to sit for 15 minutes before topping with the roasted pine nuts and chiffonade of basil. Slice and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces fresh asiago, shredded 2 cups, 6 ounces mozzarella, shredded 1 12 cups, 3 ounces Parmesan, grated 1 cup, 1 12 cups ricotta, 1 large egg, beaten, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium shallot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups whole milk, 1 12 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons prepared pesto, Kosher salt and cracked black pepper, 4 large fresh pasta sheets 8 by 10inch sheets, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Nonstick cooking spray, for coating aluminum foil, 14 cup pine nuts, roasted, Chiffonade of fresh basil, for topping], title: Bianca Lasagna with Pesto, picturelink: 0iPVuOoxHDW1Ft2eteANHmP5dZ12V8W}, 309: {instructions: Place a pizza stone on the middle rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nIn a medium size saute pan, add olive oil and heat over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the bacon and cook until the bacon is very crispy and all of the fat is rendered. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and drain on a paper towellined plate. Remove all but 2 tablespoons of the bacon fat from the pan and discard. Place the pan over high heat. Add the onions to the hot bacon fat and cook until the onions are well browned, about 8 to 10 minutes, stirring often. Remove to a paper towel lined plate.nIn a small bowl, combine the mascarpone and farmers cheeses. Season with nutmeg and black pepper. Reserve.nOn a lightly floured surface, stretch or roll the dough as thinly as possible, about 14 to 15inch circle. Evenly spread the mascarpone mixture over the dough. Sprinkle with the mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses, bacon, thyme, and sauteed onion. Bake until the pizza crust is nicely browned, about 8 to 10 minutes.nRemove pizza from the oven, transfer to a cutting board, cut into slices and serve immediately.nIn a small bowl, dissolve the yeast and honey in 14 cup warm water.nIn a food processor, combine the flour and the salt. Add the oil, the yeast mixture, and the remaining 34 cup of water and process until the mixture forms a ball. The pizza dough can also be made in a mixer fitted with a dough hook. Mix on low speed until the mixture comes cleanly away from the sides of the bowl and starts to climb up the dough hook.nTurn the dough out onto a clean work surface and knead by hand 2 or 3 minutes longer. The dough should be smooth and firm. Cover the dough with a clean, damp towel and let it rise in a cool spot for about 2 hours. When ready, the dough will stretch as it is lightly pulled.nDivide the dough into 4 balls, about 6 ounces each. Work each ball by pulling down the sides and tucking under the bottom of the ball. Repeat 4 or 5 times. Then on a smooth, unfloured surface, roll the ball under the palm of your hand until the top of the dough is smooth and firm, about 1 minute. Cover the dough with a damp towel and let rest 1 hour. At this point, the balls can be wrapped in plastic and refrigerated for up to 2 days.nYield: dough for 4 small pizzas, ingredients: [1 teaspoon olive oil, 3 slices bacon about 2 ounces, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 small onion, peeled, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons mascarpone cheese, 14 cup farmers cheese, Freshly grated nutmeg, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces Pizza Dough, recipe follows, 12 cup grated mozzarella, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 package active dry or fresh yeast, 1 teaspoon honey, 1 cup warm water, 105 to 115 degrees F, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus additional for brushing], title: Pizza with Caramelized Onions and Crispy Bacon, picturelink: WvOWFf82K4GUKn7dzAMFBVgEjzj.95m}, 310: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nTrim the artichokes. Using a serrated knife, cut off the top inch of each artichoke and cut off the stem to create a flat surface for the artichoke to sit on the plate. Place in a Dutch oven. Zest the Meyer lemons and set aside for the topping. Cut 2 of the lemons in half and squeeze the juice over the artichokes and place the juiced lemons in the baking dish. Add the white wine, water, 1 cup of the oil, garlic cloves, coriander, bay leaves and peppercorns.nOn a burner on high heat, bring the liquid to a boil. Cover and cook in the oven until tender leaves are removed easily, about 45 minutes to 1 hour. Let cool and when cool enough to handle, carefully remove the center choke heart and smaller leaves from 6 of the artichokes, using a spoon. Then remove and discard all the leaves in the remaining 3 artichokes. Puree the remaining 3 artichokes in a food processor or blender.nIn a small saute pan on high heat, saute the green garlic in 2 tablespoons of the oil until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the 6 artichoke hearts and saute another few minutes.. Juice 12 a lemon and season the artichoke hearts with the lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Spoon a little of the puree mixture into each of the 6 intact artichokes.nIn a medium nonreactive saucepan on mediumhigh heat, bring the cream to a simmer. Once it is simmering, add the pasta and stir often until pasta is just cooked through, about 10 minutes. Stir in the goat cheese, thyme, lavender, and pink peppercorns. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Adjust to desired consistency by adding water. Spoon pasta into each of the 6 artichokes on top of the artichoke puree.nRemove the crust from the rustic loaf and place the insides in a food processor. Pulse until you get fine crumbs. Saute 2 cups of the crumbs with 3 tablespoons olive oil on mediumhigh heat until golden and crunchy. Let cool. Once cool, toss the bread crumbs with parsley, reserved zest and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Generously sprinkle on top of the filled artichokes.nPlace the artichokes in an ovenproof dish with a little water in the bottom and place in oven until bubbly and hot through, about 10 minutes. Toss the arugula in a sprinkle of olive oil and the juice of the remaining 12 of a lemon. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper. To plate, make an arugula nest for the artichoke on each plate. Place a warmed artichoke in the center., ingredients: [9 large artichokes, 3 Meyer lemons, 2 12 cups white wine, 2 12 cups water, 1 cup pure olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 1 teaspoon coriander seed, 2 bay leaves, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons sliced green garlic, 3 cups heavy cream, 6 ounces pennette, 9 ounces goat cheese, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh lemon thyme, 1 pinch lavender, 1 pinch ground pink peppercorns, Kosher salt, Ground black pepper, 34 cup water, as needed, 1 loaf rustic bread, 3 tablespoons pure olive oil, 3 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley leaves, 3 lemons, zested from artichoke recipe, 3 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan, Kosher salt, Ground black pepper, 2 bunches arugula, cleaned, Olive oil, as needed, 12 Meyer lemon, Kosher salt, Ground black pepper], title: Laurel Chenel Goat Cheese Mac n Cheese, picturelink: null}, 311: {instructions: Adovada: Place the pork medallions in a shallow pan. Add olive oil or vegetable oil, red chili powder, salt, garlic powder, cumin, and a dash of Worcestershire sauce. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, up to 24 hours.nChile Caribe: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nDeseed the chiles and put on a baking sheet. Bake for 1 to 2 minutes until skin starts to blister and they begin to toast. Remove from the oven and put into pot of water with salt, garlic, cumin, bring to a boil and boil for 5 to 10 minutes. When done add the chiles to a blender, using the water you boiled them in, and blend to a smooth consistency. Return to the saucepan and simmer over low heat.nBeans: Cook the beans in either a pressure cooker or slow cooker until tender, about 1 hour or so in a pressure cooker. When done, add salt, vegetable oil olive oil, andor cumin.nPosole: Boil the posole hominy in a pressure cooker until done about 1 12 hours. Then add some red chile powder, thinly sliced onion, oregano, and salt. Boil for another 15 to 20 minutes.nAssembly: Preheat a grill to high.nPlace the marinated pork medallions on the grill. Cook for about 2 minutes per side, this will cook quickly, dont overcook, you want to keep them moist inside.nLayer 3 pork medallions on a plate, ladle chile caribe over the pork and finish with the beans and posole. Serve with warm flour tortillas.nMix all of the ingredients together with your hands into large ball. Wrap with plastic wrap and let stand for 20 minutes. Form into balls that are slightly smaller than golf balls. Flatten each ball with a rolling pin into 6 to 8inch circles that are 18inch thick. Place on a dry, hot griddle and cook until brown on both sides, about 1 minute per side., ingredients: [1 9pound pork loin cut into 36 12inch thick medallions, 1 cup olive oil or vegetable oil, 12 cup red chili powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, Worcestershire sauce, 25 red chiles, 2 quarts water, 12 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 2 teaspoon ground cumin, 3 cups pinto beans, 1 tablespoon salt, 12 cup olive, corn, or vegetable oil, Pinch ground cumin, optional, 3 cups hominy, 12 cup red chile powder, 12 white or red onion, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon salt, Flour tortillas, recipe follows, 4 cups flour, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 12 cup lukewarm water, 14 cup vegetable oil], title: Grilled Carne Adovada: Marinated Pork Medallions, Topped with Chili Caribe served with Beans, Posole, and Fresh Flour Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 312: {instructions: Combine all and reduce at a simmer until a syrup consistency is achieved, about a 60 to 70 percent reduction. Let cool., ingredients: [2 cups thin soy sauce, 12 cup brown sugar, 1 lime juiced], title: Soy Syrup, picturelink: null}, 313: {instructions: Heat the oven to 375 degrees F190 degrees C.nCut the pepper in half lengthwise, remove the seeds leaving the stems intact and place in a small baking dish. Spread a spoonful of tapenade on the bottom of each pepper. Lay 4 basil leaves in each half, then 2 tomato quarters in each half, seed side up. Scatter over the sliced garlic. Drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until the pepper is completely soft and getting dark around the edges, about 1 hour. Serve with crusty bread., ingredients: [1 orange bell pepper, 2 tablespoons tapenade, 8 fresh basil leaves, 1 ripe tomato, quartered, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and sliced thinly, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Peppers, picturelink: null}, 314: {instructions: Place a rimmed baking sheet in the center rack of the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nThinly slice the potatoes about 18inch thick and toss with the oil, salt and pepper. Carefully spread the slices on the hot baking sheet in a single layer and roast until golden and crispy, turning with a metal spatula occasionally and spreading them out to cook evenly, 30 to 35 minutes., ingredients: [1 14 pounds redskinned potatoes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Crispy Sliced Roasted Potatoes, picturelink: FL0O8f2kYJsGDKAor.HhNwis8XyNbHW}, 315: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth., ingredients: [1 8 14ounce can fruit cocktail in light syrup, frozen, 1 teaspoon instant lemonade mix, 6 ounces cranberry juice, 1 block silken tofu], title: Tall and Tangy Tofu Thangy, picturelink: null}, 316: {instructions: Slice each 3inch slice of Ciabatta in half horizontally to make a top and a bottom piece. In a toaster oven, toast the bread for 2 minutes, or until lightly toasted. On one side of the bread, place 2 slices of the mozzarella. On the other piece of Ciabatta, place a slice of Brie. Place 14 of the corn on top of the Brie. Place 2 slices of tomato on top of the mozzarella. Season both sides of the panini with salt and pepper. Place the panini in the toaster oven and toast for 4 minutes, or until tomato is warm and cheese is beginning to melt. Remove from the toaster oven and top the tomatoes with some of the arugula. Drizzle with a little extra virgin olive oil. Press the 2 halves together. Slice in half. Repeat process for the other 3 sandwiches., ingredients: [1 loaf Ciabatta bread sliced into 4 3inch thick slices can be substituted with crusty Italian bread, 12 pound fresh mozzarella, sliced into 8 slices, 4 ounces Brie, sliced into 4 pieces, 12 cup fresh corn, blanched, 2 tomatoes, sliced, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup chopped arugula, Extra virgin olive oil], title: Panini Americano, picturelink: mK1yroNg.iU0IOyioess0Nc4YuEcOqC}, 317: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Warm tortillas over your stove burner a little scorching adds to the flavor and personality set aside. Place in a tea towel or napkin to keep them warm. In a saute pan over medium high heat, saute the onion and garlic in the oil for 1 minute. Add the mushrooms and tomatoes, and cook for 5 minutes. Add the kale and cook, tossing, for 2 minutes. Add the herbs and season with salt and pepper. Add the tuna and cook 3 minutes. Off the heat add the lime juice and the reseason, if necessary. Place 2 tablespoons of the tuna mix in the lower part of each tortilla and roll them up. For lunch, just roll them up and enjoy For an appetizer, toast them in a dry saute pan over medium low heat until toasty, roll them on the other side and toast. Cut each into fourths and top it on a plate and serve with salsa. For dinner, lightly spray ovenproof dish with vegetable spray and carefully place the wraps seam side down. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake on the center rack in the oven for 20 minutes or until the wraps are very hot. Serve with salsa, corn and nopales, Mexican tomato rice and guacamole.nRinse and seed chiles. Place in a saute pan over medium heat and toast in the oil until all are deep brown. Set aside. Place the onion, tomatoes and oregano in a saucepan with the water. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to a simmer. Simmer 1 minute or until the tomatoes are soft. Strain the cooked ingredients from the cooking liquid. Toss liquid and place the toasted chiles with a quarter of the cooked ingredients plus the garlic into a blender and puree until smooth, 10 to 12 seconds. Add cilantro and the remaining cooked ingredients and pulse until chunky. Season, to taste, and set aside until ready to use. Serve hot or cold., ingredients: [2 whole wheat tortillas, warmed, 1 onion, julienned, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 2 ounces shiitake mushrooms, sliced, 2 ounces button mushrooms, sliced, 14 tomato, chopped, 1 cup chopped kale, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, Sea salt and pepper, 14 pound tuna in water, drained, 1 lime, juiced, 1 cup Barn Burner Chile de Arbol Salsa, recipe follows, 20 chile de arbol, toasted, 1 teaspoon olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 4 tomatoes, chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh oregano leaves, 2 cups water, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Sea salt], title: Mushroom and Tuna Wrap, picturelink: null}, 318: {instructions: For the pickled onions: Combine the salt, sugar, vinegar, water, and hot sauce in a container with a lid. Shake to incorporate everything really well. Add the onions and let sit for at least 30 minutes.nFor the burger: Preheat the grill. Combine all the burger ingredients and season well with salt. Form into 2 equal patties. Grill each burger for about 4 minutes on each side. During the last 2 minutes of grill time, top each burger with a slice of cheese.nOpen the buns and place the inside on the grill, and grill until the bun is lightly toasted, about 1 minute.nTo assemble: Schmear the inside of each toasted bun with the garlic mayo. Place the burger patty on the bottom bun. Top each burger with a few pickled onions, a tomato slice, and some arugula. Top with the top half of the bun., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 14 cup water, 2 shakes hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 12 small red onion, sliced thin preferably on mandolin, 12 ounces ground beef, 14 cup ham, cut into 14inch dice, 14 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 14 cup Gruyere, cut into 14inch dice, 1 large clove garlic, smashed and finely chopped, Kosher salt, 2 slices Gruyere, 2 sesame seed buns, 12 cup mayonnaise mixed with 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 2 slices beefsteak tomato, 1 cup baby arugula, washed], title: Big Fat Burger with Gruyere, Ham, Pickled Onions, Arugula, and Garlic Mayo, picturelink: p1XvZVPr649eN1cEJhjpNCCYGLjqwyy}, 319: {instructions: Combine the grape juice, vodka, grapes, apples and oranges in a pitcher. Refrigerate at least 1 hour and up to 8 for the flavors to infuse.nFill wine glasses halfway with the grape juice mixture and some fruit. Fill the rest of the glass with beer., ingredients: [1 12 cups white grape juice, 1 cup vodka, 1 cup seedless grapes, halved, 1 crisp red apple, quartered, cored and sliced 14inch thick, 1 orange, quartered and sliced, Five 12ounce bottles wheat beer, well chilled], title: Beer Sangria, picturelink: psqm0UHUi6mX.ZQg88WKzWLrLtUlhvK}, 320: {instructions: Soak the onion in cold water for 15 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.nOn a cutting board, lightly sprinkle the garlic with 14 teaspoon of salt and smash it into a paste with the side of a cooks knife. Transfer the paste to the bowl with the onion.nUsing a knife cut the avocados in half, rotating around the seeds. Remove the seeds and discard. Using the knife, carefully make several slashes in the avocado flesh. Using a spoon, scoop the avocado flesh into the bowl with the onion and garlic. Repeat with the remaining avocado.nAdd the lime juice, cilantro, tomato, and jalapeno, to taste, to the avocados. Using a rubber spatula or large fork, mix until just combined, keeping the guacamole chunky. Season with salt, to taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 small yellow or 14 red onion, minced, 2 cloves garlic, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 ripe Hass avocados, 1 lime, juiced, 2 to 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 ripe plum tomato, cored and diced, 14 to 12 jalapeno with seeds, minced], title: Guacamole, picturelink: J9mBB528cxtsmw3tt6KGcHS2XKlmwiS}, 321: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Adjust the racks to the center of the oven. Spray an 8by8inch baking pan with nonstick spray.nMelt the butter in a medium saucepan and stir in the brown sugar until melted together. Let cool for 5 minutes.nWhile the mixture is cooling, whisk together the flour, baking powder and salt in a medium bowl.nToast the pecans in medium skillet over medium heat. Remove to a plate once toasted.nStir in the eggs, one at a time, and vanilla extract into the cooled sugar and butter mixture. Add the dry ingredients into the saucepan until combined. Fold in the toffee and chopped pecans the batter will be very thick.nSpread the mixture into the prepared pan. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, about 45 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes before slicing into squares., ingredients: [Nonstick spray, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 14 cups light brown sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, Pinch salt, 34 cup pecans, chopped, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup toffee pieces], title: Chewy Toffee Bars, picturelink: a9Pxj4GruR8jB1ruPhzv8sX072SD6}, 322: {instructions: Combine the dressing ingredients in a mixing bowl and set aside.nCut the tofu into 1 inch cubes and arrange on individual plates. Cover with the dressing and serve immediately., ingredients: [3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon soy oil, 1 tablespoon white sesame seeds, 12 cup roughly chopped cilantro, 1 generous tablespoon finely grated fresh ginger, 2 green onions, finely sliced, Salt to taste, 2 blocks of tofu about 20 ounces, drained on paper towels], title: Cold Tofu Salad, picturelink: null}, 323: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nSlice 14 inch off the top of both heads of garlic. Drizzle lightly with 2 teaspoons of the olive oil, season with salt and pepper, and wrap in heavyduty foil. Add to a sheet tray. Add the fingerling potatoes to the same sheet tray and drizzle with the remaining oil, giving a toss, and seasoning with salt and pepper. Roast both the potatoes and the garlic until the potatoes are crisp on the outside and cooked through and the garlic is fragrant, 45 minutes.nOpen the packets of garlic and cool. When potatoes are cool enough to handle, slice in half lengthwise.nTo make the dressing, pour in the buttermilk, sour cream, squeeze the garlic out of its skin into the bowl of a food processor, and add a pinch each of salt and pepper. Blend until smooth.nAdd the radishes, arugula, romaine, potatoes and cheese to a salad bowl. Drizzle the salad with enough dressing to coat and toss all together., ingredients: [2 large heads garlic, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 ounces fingerling potatoes, scrubbed, 12 cup buttermilk, well shaken, 12 cup sour cream, 4 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 handfuls baby arugula, 2 hearts romaine lettuce, chopped, 4 ounces extra sharp Cheddar, diced], title: Garlicky Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 324: {instructions: Combine vinegar, sugar, and 1 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and let cool completely.nSlice cucumber lengthwise into long 18inchthick strips. Cut each strip lengthwise into 18inchwide pieces. Slice the carrot, the jicama and the papaya in the same way. Combine the cucumber, carrot, jicama and papaya in a large bowl. Toss with the vinegar mixture, lemon juice and cilantro.nBring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add oil, noodles and remaining salt. Boil until noodles are tender, about 2 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water. Noodles should remain in a bowl of cool water until ready to use.nBefore filling the rolls, transfer vegetable mixture to a colander to drain. Gently press out excess liquid. Drain the noodles and arrange on a baking sheet. Cover loosely with a damp towel.nSet up a large shallow bowl of very hot water. Slide a spring roll wrapper into the water. Wrapper will become pliable after about 45 seconds. Remove it from water and lay it flat on paper towel. Place lettuce on the bottom half of the wrapper. Arrange a 14 packed cup of vegetables over the lettuce. Spread out 1heaping tablespoon of noodles over the vegetables. Roll wrapper up, tucking in the ends as you go. Roll as tightly as possible.nRepeat with remaining wrappers. Trim off the ends of the rolls. Cut each roll in half and each half in half on a diagonal. Stand rolls on the flat end to serve. Serve with peanut sauce., ingredients: [12 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons salt, divided, 1 small seedless cucumber, peeled, 1 medium carrot, peeled, 1 small jicama, peeled, 1 large green papaya, peeled, halved lengthwise and seeded, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, 2 teaspoons fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon canola oil, 1 ounce rice vermicelli noodles, 6 8 12inch dried rice spring roll wrappers, 8 leaves Bibb lettuce, ribs removed, torn into small pieces, Peanut sauce, recipe follows], title: Vegetable Summer Rolls, picturelink: null}, 325: {instructions: Fill 2 ice cube trays with the mango nectar freeze until solid.nWorking in batches, puree the mango ice cubes, dark rum, coconut rum, Triple Sec, pineapple juice, and lime juice in a blender until smooth. Serve., ingredients: [2 12 cups mango nectar, 4 ounces dark rum, 2 ounces coconut rum, 2 ounces Triple Sec, 1 12 cups pineapple juice, 1 lime, juiced about 2 tablespoons], title: Mango Tango, picturelink: null}, 326: {instructions: 1 In a large bowl whisk together the vinaigrette ingredients.n2 Core the endive and slice lengthwise into thin strips. Add the endive, greens and apples to the bowl toss to coat well.n3 Serve salad on a large platter or divide to individual plates. Top with crumbed goat cheese and Almond Accents., ingredients: [1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon Kosher salt, Fresh ground black pepper, 2 heads Belgian endive, 6 cups mixed salad greens, 1 apple, thinly sliced, 3 ounces goat cheese, 34 cup Wonderful Almond Accents Sweet Roasted with Pomegranate, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar], title: Crunchy Almond Accents Harvest Salad, picturelink: H.v3Fxy0oCF1sFCQ82fVfg5OQYJp6W}, 327: {instructions: Heat a charcoal grill to medium high.nHeat the olive oil in a large, heavy Dutch oven over the grill grates. Add the red pepper flakes and garlic and stir until fragrant. Season with salt and pepper, then stir in the tomatoes. Cook, stirring, until some of the tomatoes begin to burst and you begin to smell their sweetness, about 5 minutes.nStir in the wine. Once it begins to simmer, add the mussels and cover with a lid. Cook just until the mussels open, 6 to 8 minutes. Do not overcook or theyll be tough and chewy and no longer taste like the sea. Discard the mussels that do not open while cooking.nDivide the mussels and cooking liquid among soup bowls. Sprinkle with the parsley and drizzle with olive oil. Serve with the Grilled Bread.nGrill the bread over mediumhigh heat until golden and brown on both sides. Rub the garlic on both sides of the bread for flavor. Serve with olive oil., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 3 cloves garlic, sliced into chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 ounces cherry tomatoes, some quartered and the rest sliced in half, 34 cup dry white wine, 3 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh parsley, Grilled Bread, recipe follows, 1 loaf country bread, cut into thick slices, 1 head garlic, cut in half, Extravirgin olive oil, for serving], title: Cozze alla Tarantina, picturelink: null}, 328: {instructions: Make the crust: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Add the chocolate graham crackers and the almonds to the bowl of a food processor. Process until finely chopped. Add the butter and salt and process again until it is the consistency of wet sand. Press the crust into the bottom of a 9inch springform pan and refrigerate until ready to use.nMake the topping: In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, flour and almonds. Using your fingers, work in the butter until it is the texture of a crumble topping. Set aside.nMake the filling: Place the cream cheese, yogurt and granulated sugar in a large bowl. Using a hand mixer, beat the ingredients on medium speed for 3 minutes, or until the mixture is light and fluffy, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula as needed. Add the eggs, almond extract, vanilla extract and salt and beat another minute on medium. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the melted chocolate until combined.nPour the filling over the crust and sprinkle evenly with the crumble topping. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until the center of the cake is just set. Allow the cake to cool to room temperature, then refrigerate until completely chilled. Serve cold. Dust with confectioners sugar, if desired., ingredients: [2 cups crushed chocolate graham crackers or wafers, 12 cup sliced almonds, 7 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup sliced almonds, 5 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, Confectioners sugar, for garnish optional, 2 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 cup fullfat Greek yogurt, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 cup semisweet chocolate chips, melted and cooled], title: ChocolateAlmond Cheesecake, picturelink: 9mvo9wUQ7vSwvLh7LYCsUui3g.j6mom}, 329: {instructions: Into a bowl, put the cubed watermelon, pear tomatoes, lime zest, 1 tablespoon lime juice, cilantro and rum, and toss to combine. Chill salad for 15 minutes and serve., ingredients: [1 4pound watermelon, preferably seedless, rind removed, cubed into 1inch pieces, 2 pounds yellow pear tomatoes, halved, 1 lime, zested and juiced to 1 tablespoon, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 2 tablespoons light rum, or to taste], title: Watermelon and Yellow Tomato Salad, picturelink: null}, 330: {instructions: Special equipment: Skewer Pastry bag 235 Wilton fuzzy tipnFor the beak: Stand an orange gumdrop on its base. Snip with scissors straight down about threequarters of the way through to make the mouth. Trim around all sides of the gumdrop to decrease the size and shape into a tapered beak. Repeat to make remaining beaks.nFor the duck: Make a 12inch ball with some of the yellow fondant for the head. Attach the beak to the head by inserting it into the ball and reshaping around it. Form the remaining fondant into a teardrop shape. Dab the bottom of the head with water and attach to the side of the teardrop, toward the big end. Repeat to make remaining ducks.nFor the eyes: Dip a skewer in the melted chocolate and make 2 small dots on each duck head for eyes. Set aside.nTo assemble: Frost the cupcakes with the buttercream. Place the avocadotinted frosting in a pastry bag with a 235 Wilton fuzzy tip. Hold the bag straight up, with the tip 18 inch above the surface. Squeeze to form grass on the top of the cupcake, and then stop squeezing and pull the pastry bag up, making grass blades about 12inch long. Repeat around the edges of the cupcake to form a ring of grass. Repeat with remaining cupcakes.nSprinkle the center of the cupcakes with blue sanding sugar to make the pond. Place the ducks in the center and press gently to adhere., ingredients: [12 small orange gumdrops, 34 cup yellowtinted fondant, 2 tablespoons semisweet chocolate chips, melted, 12 GoTo Vanilla Cupcakes, 2 cups Vanilla American Buttercream, 12 cup AvocadoTinted Frosting, Blue sanding sugar], title: Duck in a Pond Cupcakes, picturelink: d5obY6wEsjrtZ7iEHLH4Yb4.CFOnWS}, 331: {instructions: Position a rack 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the broiler. Combine the panko and 1 tablespoon parsley on a plate. Combine the mayonnaise, mustard and cayenne in a small bowl. Season the cod on both sides with salt brush the top with the mayonnaise mixture, then invert into the panko mixture, pressing to help it adhere.nDrizzle a baking sheet with olive oil and top with the cod, pankoside up. Broil until the fish is just cooked through and the panko is crisp and golden, about 6 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add 3 tablespoons olive oil, then add the red onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until lightly browned, about 3 minutes. Add the escarole, kale, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the greens are wilted, about 3 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice and the remaining 1 tablespoon parsley. Serve the cod with the greens and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 head escarole, chopped, 1 bunch kale, stems removed, leaves chopped, Juice of 12 lemon, plus wedges for serving, 13 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 6ounce skinless Pacific cod fillets or other firm white fish, Kosher salt, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 red onion, halved and sliced], title: Deviled Cod with Winter Greens, picturelink: yeqBFpjUxp2vWNkSFHble5zCrZ1pw2}, 332: {instructions: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl and mix well.nRefrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [1 pound cubed sushi grade salmon, 14 cup diced yellow onions, 14 cup chopped green onions, 1 tablespoon Hawaiian salt, 1 tablespoon crushed red chili flakes, 4 tablespoons furikake flakes or Japanese rice seasoning, 2 ounces shoyu sauce, 4 ounces granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon sesame oil], title: Furikake Salmon, picturelink: null}, 333: {instructions: In a sealable plastic bag combine well the soy sauce, the garlic, the lemon juice, and the sugar, add the salmon, coating it well, and let it marinate, sealed and chilled, for 30 minutes. Remove the salmon from the bag, discarding the marinade, pat it dry, and press 2 teaspoons of the pepper onto each piece of salmon, coating it thoroughly. In a heavy skillet heat the oil over moderately high heat until it is hot but not smoking and in it saute the salmon for 2 minutes on each side, or until it just flakes.nTransfer the salmon with a slotted spatula to paper towels and let it drain for 30 seconds., ingredients: [2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 garlic clove, pressed in a garlic press or minced and mashed to a paste, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 1 teaspoon sugar, 34 pound centercut salmon fillet, skinned and halved, 4 teaspoons coarsely ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil], title: Marinated Salmon Seared in a Pepper Crust, picturelink: null}, 334: {instructions: For the macncheese: Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Salt the water and cook the orzo until al dente, about 6 minutes drain.nMeanwhile, heat 4 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the chopped jalapenos, the garlic and onions and cook until the jalapenos and onions are soft, 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add the milk and stir until the sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper. Add the Cheddar and cream cheese and stir until melted.nCombine the orzo with the sauce and transfer to a casserole dish.nMelt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and toss with the panko to coat. Sprinkle over the casserole and top with the sliced jalapenos and Fresno chiles.nFor the guac salad: Gently toss the tomatoes, avocados, jalapenos and onions on a serving platter. Drizzle with EVOO and lime juice, season with salt and pepper and top with the cilantro.nDivide the orzo macncheese among plates and serve with the guac salad., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 1 pound orzo, 1 stick 8 tablespoons butter, 6 jalapeno peppers 4 seeded and finely chopped, 2 sliced with seeds, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 12 cups milk, Freshly ground pepper, 2 cups shredded sharp Cheddar, 4 ounces cream cheese, 2 cups panko, 2 Fresno chile peppers, sliced, 5 medium heirloom tomatoes, cut into thin wedges, 2 almostripe avocados, pitted, peeled and sliced, 1 jalapeno pepper, finely chopped, 1 small red onion, thinly sliced, EVOO, for drizzling, Juice of 2 limes, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves, coarsely chopped], title: Jalapeno Popper Orzo MacnCheese, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 335: {instructions: Marinate the liver in a mixture of the vinegar, Worcestershire, dry mustard, garlic, salt, and pepper for 30 to 60 minutes.nRemove the liver from the marinade, reserving the marinade. Pat the liver dry and dust it with flour. In a heavy skillet, over a medium high heat, sear the liver in a little of the reserved bacon grease. Turn the liver only once to avoid overcooking. Remove the liver to a platter and cover with loosely tented foil to keep warm.nDrain the excess bacon grease from the skillet. Place the reserved marinade and chicken stock in the skillet, over a medium high heat, and reduce by half. Pour this sauce over the liver and serve with the crisp bacon slices and pickled serranos or jalapenos on the side., ingredients: [8 slices of liver, 12 inch thick, preferably calves liver, 14 cup sherry wine vinegar, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 4 garlic cloves, finely mashed, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Flour, as needed, 8 slices bacon, fried crisp, bacon grease reserved, 2 cups chicken stock], title: Smothered Liver, picturelink: null}, 336: {instructions: Make the easy hollandaze: Place the egg yolks, lemon juice, mustard and hot sauce in a blender and blend until just combined, about 1 minute. While the blender is still running, slowly stream in the melted butter through the top hole until the sauce thickens, about 15 seconds. Adjust the seasoning with more lemon juice and some salt. Cover and keep warm you can also transfer to a Thermos.nMake the sandwiches: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat add 1 tablespoon butter and let melt. Fry the ham until slightly charred, 2 to 4 minutes per side. Wipe the skillet clean and add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. When the butter is melted, fry the eggs overeasy, 1 12 to 2 minutes per side season with salt and pepper.nToss the baby spinach, lemon juice, and salt and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Pile some of the dressed spinach on the bottom of each English muffin. Top with a piece of ham, then slide 1 fried egg on top of each. Ladle some of the hollandaze sauce on top, close the muffins and serve.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 large egg yolks, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, plus more for seasoning, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon hot sauce such as Tabasco, 1 12 sticks 12 tablespoons salted butter, melted and kept warm, Kosher salt, For the sandwiches:, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 thick slices ham about 1 pound, cut to fit the English muffins, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups baby spinach, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 8 large English muffins, split, lightly toasted and buttered], title: Eggs Benedictwich, picturelink: Rc2RzvaFlaP4fr86boyUWG1H3XYsz.}, 337: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Combine the orange zest, ginger, soy sauce, orange juice, vinegar, sesame oil and honey together in a small bowl set aside.nFold 4 16 by12inch parchment paper squares in 12 lengthwise.nEvenly divide the bok choy, bell peppers, and bean sprouts among the 4 parchment packets. Season the vegetables with 1 tablespoon sesameginger marinade. Place a salmon fillet on top of the vegetables and season with the black pepper and an additional tablespoon of the marinade.nFold the top half of the parchment over the fish, and overlap small folds along the open edge to seal. Brush each packet with olive oil. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, until the parchment paper puffs up.nTransfer the parchment packets to plates. Carefully cut the packets open, avoiding the hot steam, and serve.nPer serving includes scallion garnish: Calories 348 Total Fat 14 grams Saturated Fat 2 grams Protein 42 grams Total Carbohydrate 16 grams Sugar: 10 grams Fiber 5 grams Cholesterol 94 milligrams Sodium 1338 milligrams, ingredients: [Zest of 12 an orange, 1 teaspoon peeled, minced fresh ginger, 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil, 2 heads baby bok choy, ends trimmed and cut into thirds through the stem, 1 red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 12 cup bean sprouts, 4 6ounce salmon fillets, Freshly ground black pepper, Olive oil, for brushing packets, 13 cup diagonally thinly sliced scallions, for garnish], title: SesameGinger Salmon en Papillote, picturelink: TfP6l6xc440L4BXG4qAsU4i.PIPPANW}, 338: {instructions: Fire Roasted Chipotle Pepper Sauce: Place the peppers, chipotle, vinegar and honey in a blender and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the oil until emulsified and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nDeep Fried Fish: Combine the oils in a deep fryer and heat to 365 degrees F.nSeason the fish with salt and pepper on both sides. Place the flour on a plate and season with salt and pepper. Dredge the fish on both sides with the flour. Fry 2 fish at a time until golden brown, about 6 to 8 minutes. Drain on a plate lined with paper towels.nBlack Rice: Place beans in cold water and bring to a simmer. Cook until soft, about 1 hour. Drain the beans, over a bowl. Place the cooking liquid in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook until soft. Add the rice and toss to coat with the oil. Add the hot cooking liquid to the rice and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low, cover the pan and cook for 10 to 12 minutes. Turn off heat and let rice sit for 10 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Fluff with a fork. Fold in the beans and cilantro., ingredients: [3 large yellow peppers, roasted, peeled, seeded and coarsely chopped, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon honey, 12 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups canola oil, 2 cups peanut oil, 4 striped bass about 1 to 1 12 pounds each, cleaned and scaled, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups rice flour, 12 pound dried black beans, picked over, 3 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 12 cups long grain rice, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped cilantro], title: Crispy Whole Fish with Fire Roasted Chipotle Pepper Sauce with Black Rice, picturelink: null}, 339: {instructions: Whisk 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon dijon mustard, a pinch of salt and 3 tablespoons olive oil in a bowl. Add 1 minced shallot, 2 tablespoons capers, a handful each of chopped parsley and celery leaves, and a pinch of pepper. Boil 34 pound halved green beans until crisptender, 4 minutes drain and add to the dressing along with a few thinly sliced celery ribs.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Green Bean and Celery Salad, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 340: {instructions: For the pasta dough: Mix both flours together in a bowl. Make a fountain in the center and add the eggs, olive oil and some salt. Mix with your hands, adding just enough water for the dough to bind. You want to have a ball of dough that is fairly hard and a little dry, so add very little water. Cover with a towel and let set for an hour or so.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Cut the butternut in half lengthwise and lay the squash on a baking sheet. Take 100g of the butter and divide it among each cavity of the squash. Sprinkle a little bit of brown sugar on top and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Bake until it starts to brown and the squash are soft to the tip of a knife, about 45 minutes.nWith a large spoon, scrape the squash off the skin into a bowl and set aside.nDice the onion about 18 inch chop the garlic and thinly cut the sage.nIn a large saucepan on medium heat, heat up the olive oil. Add the onion and saute until golden brown. Then add the garlic and sage and sweat a little longer. Add the squash, season with salt and pepper and cook on medium heat until it has the consistency of a puree. Move to a food processor and pulse briefly to remove the large chunks.nIn a bowl, add the ricotta, season with salt and pepper and add to the squash puree. Fill a piping bag with the filling.nRoll the dough with your pasta machine. Using a ravioli mold, fill each ravioli with the butternut squash filling.nCook the ravioli in a large saucepot with plenty of boiling salted water. Then saute in the remaining butter. Enjoy., ingredients: [500g allpurpose flour, 500g semolina flour, 5 eggs, Olive oil, just a dash, Salt, 2 large butternut squash, 125g butter, 50g brown sugar, Salt and fresh cracked pepper, 1 whole onion, 4 cloves garlic, 1 sprig fresh sage, Olive oil, just a dash, 150g fresh ricotta], title: Butternut Squash Ravioli, picturelink: null}, 341: {instructions: Bring milk, heavy cream, coconut milk, and coconut flakes to simmer in heavy saucepan for a few minutes. Allow to steep for 10 minutes.nWhisk the egg yolks, sugar, and salt together, long enough to dissolve the sugar.nTemper hot liquid into egg mixture. Return all back into saucepan over low heat, stirring all the while, until mixture starts to thicken. Strain through a chinois. Chill immediately over ice bath.nChurn in a standard ice cream machine., ingredients: [2 cups milk, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups coconut milk, 1 cup coconut flakes, toasted, 8 egg yolks, 112 cups sugar, Pinch salt], title: Coconut Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 342: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Place the bread on a baking sheet and broil until lightly golden on both sides.nWhisk 2 tablespoons olive oil with the garlic and basil in a small bowl brush evenly on the toasted bread. Season the tomatoes with salt and pepper arrange a layer of tomatoes on each bread slice. Chop any remaining tomato slices and set aside for the salad. Top the bread evenly with the gruyere, mozzarella and parmesan. Return to the broiler and cook until the cheese melts, about 2 minutes.nWhisk the vinegar and the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large bowl season with salt and pepper. Add the greens and the reserved chopped tomatoes and toss. Serve the cheese toast with the salad and chips.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [4 thick slices white bread, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced fresh basil, 3 medium tomatoes, sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 ounces gruyere cheese, thinly sliced, 34 cup shredded partskim mozzarella cheese, 2 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 10ounce package mixed salad greens, Potato chips, for serving optional], title: Cheesy Tomato Toast, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 343: {instructions: Combine the ketchup, soy sauce, honey, mustard, brown sugar, garlic and lemon juice in a saucepan over medium heat. Simmer until thickened, about 10 minutes. Let cool.nCut each chicken thigh into 2 pieces. Peel and core the pineapple cut into 1inch chunks. Thread the pieces onto 4 to 6 skewers, alternating between pineapple and chicken. Brush the skewers with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Remove the garlic cloves from the barbecue sauce and set aside about half of the sauce for serving. Brush the skewers with some of the remaining sauce.nPreheat a grill to medium high. Grill the skewers, turning and basting with the sauce regularly, until cooked through, 10 to 12 minutes. Serve with the reserved sauce.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 cup ketchup, 14 cup lowsodium soy sauce, 14 cup honey, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 2 cloves garlic, Juice of 1 lemon, 8 skinless, boneless chicken thighs, 1 fresh pineapple, Extravirgin olive oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Chicken and Pineapple Skewers, picturelink: ZEbq2hHmVxlpCzr4qzcoC5r1lCkvatS}, 344: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat the butter in a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and celery and saute until softened, mixing often. Stir in the flour to distribute evenly. Add the stock, juice from 2 cans of chopped clams reserve clams, cream, bay leaves, and potatoes and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer, stirring consistently the mixture will thicken, then reduce the heat to mediumlow and cook 20 minutes, stirring often, until the potatoes are nice and tender. Then add clams and season to taste with salt and pepper, cook until clams are just firm, another 2 minutes.nMelt the butter in a large skillet and toss the bread cubes in the butter until browned and toasted, about 2 to 3 minutes. Add parsley and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 medium onion, finely diced, 2 celery stalks reserve tender leaves trimmed, quartered lengthwise, then sliced into 14inch pieces, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken or vegetable stock, 2 10ounce cans chopped clams in juice, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 bay leaves, 1 pound Idaho potatoes, cut into 12 inch cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 to 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 baguette, cut into 1inch cubes, 3 tablespoons freshly chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: New England Clam Chowder, picturelink: eRfMVwRre5fPu4qLK6xMFvu4Cnpgu}, 345: {instructions: Thoroughly mix the vegetable juice, vodka, 1 teaspoon each sea salt and pepper, the hot sauce, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, garlic, onion powder, celery seeds, horseradish and olive oil in a 1gallon resealable plastic bag. Add the steak. Let marinate in the refrigerator, at least 8 hours and up to 24 hours.nPreheat a grill to high. Remove the steak from the marinade and wipe off the excess liquid with paper towels. Grill the steak until marked, about 2 minutes per side, then reduce the heat to medium and cook 7 to 9 more minutes per side for medium rare.nRemove the steak from the grill, cover with a clean towel and let rest 5 to 10 minutes. Slice against the grain.nPhotograph by Paul Sirisalee, ingredients: [1 cup vegetable juice such as V8, 12 cup vodka, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 to 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 tablespoon horseradish, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound flank steak], title: Bloody Mary Flank Steak, picturelink: 83wTiowZYWjyPItYU952LfLC0G2qFwC}, 346: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F with rack in center. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper set aside. With a serrated knife, remove stems so squashes will stand upright. Sprinkle squashes with salt and pepper, and place cut side down on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake until translucent and flesh pulls away from skin, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes. Using a fork, separate flesh into strands, reserving squash shells. Transfer strands to a large bowl. In a large skillet over medium heat, melt butter. Cook until milk solids are dark golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Add squash, 2 tablespoons parsley, and salt and pepper to taste. Toss gently with tongs or a fork to coat. Cook until heated through, about 2 minutes. Spoon 1 tablespoon ricotta cheese into each reserved squash shell. Divide squash mixture into each squash shell. Sprinkle with remaining 1 tablespoon parsley. Serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium spaghetti squashes about 2 12 pounds each, halved crosswise and seeded, Coarse salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons coarsely chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 4 tablespoons ricotta cheese], title: Spaghetti Squash with Brown Butter, picturelink: null}, 347: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the casserole: Preheat the oven to 375degrees F. Butter a 13 by 9inch ovenproof dish or lasagna dish and set aside.nCook the egg noodles in salted boiling water according to package directions for al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain and immediately place the noodles in a large bowl filled with ice water to stop the cooking. Once cooled, drain and then pour the pasta into a large bowl with the tuna, peas and both cheeses. Toss to combine.nIn a large pan with straight sides, add the 2 tablespoons butter, the olive oil, onions and thyme. Season with a sprinkle of salt and pepper and cook on medium heat until the onions are tender and translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, season with salt and cook gently until tender and darkened, about 5 minutes more. Add the Worcestershire sauce and horseradish, and then sprinkle the flour over the entire pan. Stir to help the flour soak into the vegetables and cook a minute more to lose the flour taste. Raise the heat to mediumhigh and add the chicken stock. Cook until slightly thickened, about 5 minutes, and then slowly stir in the heavy cream. Simmer until the cream is thickened slightly, about 4 minutes more. Taste and season with salt if needed. Pour the mushroom sauce over the prepared noodles in the large bowl and quickly stir to combine. Immediately pour into the prepared dish.nFor the topping: In a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs and olive oil. Season with a sprinkle of salt and a grind or two of pepper. Stir until the crumbs soak up the oil evenly. Sprinkle the breadcrumb mixture evenly over the top of the dish and place, uncovered, in the oven until the sides are bubbly and the top is golden brown, about 35 minutes. Let it rest 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, plus more for baking dish, 1 12ounce bag or 4 cups egg noodles, 16 ounces yellowfin or albacore tuna in oil, drained and flaked recommended: Ortiz or Callipo, 10 ounces frozen peas, thawed, 1 12 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese, 1 12 cups shredded Irish Cheddar cheese, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 teaspoon whole dried thyme, 12 cup chopped onion, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ounces baby bella mushrooms, sliced, 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups chicken stock, 1 pint heavy cream, 3 cups panko breadcrumbs Japanese, 3 tablespoons olive oil], title: Sunnys Tuna Noodle Casserole, picturelink: Z9dA.YztOqfN0yUdOgeYVrAB5i0r302}, 348: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Melt the butter or lard and fry the meat until brown. Add the fruits and spices. Pour in the wine and simmer, covered, until the meat is tender. If the liquid boils away add a little stock or water. Place in a pie dish. Cover with pastry. Glaze with the sugar, butter and rose water and bake in a moderately hot oven for about 12 hour., ingredients: [1ounce butter or lard, 1 pound venison, cut into bitesized pieces, 2 ounces raisons, 2 ounces currants, 2 ounces stoned prunes, chopped, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 1 teaspoon ground mace, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 pint red wine, Pie dough, 1 tablespoon each sugar, butter, and rose water], title: Venison Pye, picturelink: null}, 349: {instructions: Put lamb bones to boil in 5 cups water with cinnamon or bay leaf and garlic clove for 30 minutes. Skim off the scum. Strain and set aside.nWash both dals and soak them separately for 4 hours. Soak the tamarind in 1 cup water for 1 hour, then press out the juice, strain and set aside the tamarind water.nPut both dals into a cooking pot with 8 cups water and 1 teaspoon salt, tumeric powder, 3 green chilis, 1 tablespoon coriander and 10 curry leaves. Cook for 1 12 hours or until tender. Liquidize to creamy consistency.nHeat half the oil in another large cooking pot and saute onions for 5 to 7 minutes. Then add the cloves, cardamoms and cinnamon, let cook 2 to 3 minutes, then add the powdered garam masala. Add remaining green chilis, red chili powder, the remaining coriander, 10 curry leaves, garlic puree and ginger puree. Stir to prevent the spices from sticking to the pot. Sprinkle over 2 tablespoons water if necessary.nAdd the mutton and saute over a moderate heat for 5 minutes. Add tomato and saute for 5 minutes. Stir in the pureed dals and the stock, adding water to total 4 cups. Add salt to taste and leave to cook, covered, over a moderate heat until the lamb is tender, about 45 to 50 minutes. Then add the tamarind water and remaining curry leaves and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes.nJust before serving, season by heating the remaining 4 tablespoons oil in a small frying pan and fry red chilis, garlic, cumin seeds, mustard seeds and garam masala powder in this order. Fry 10 seconds, add to curry and stir. Serve.nSuggested drink: Flying Horse Beer, ingredients: [Lamb bones, 1 cinnamon or bay leaf, 2 garlic cloves, 8 12 ounces dal chana dal, 8 12 ounces toor dal oiled variety, 2 ounces tamarind, Salt, 34 teaspoon tumeric powder, 6 green chilis, chopped, 3 tablespoons coriander leaves, chopped, 25 curry leaves, 8 tablespoons oil, 8 12 ounces onions, sliced, 6 cloves, 6 green cardomoms, 4inch cinnamon stick, 2 teaspoons red chili powder, 3 teaspoons garlic puree, 3 teaspoons ginger puree, 1 12 pounds mutton pieces, 3 tomatoes, chopped, 6 dried red chilis, broken into bits optional, 3 garlic cloves, sliced, 1 teaspoon cumin seeds, 14 teaspoon mustard seeds, 13 teaspoon garam masala powder], title: Meat with Lentils, picturelink: null}, 350: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees.nSoak the dried cepes in hot water with 12 teaspoon salt for 30 minutes. Drain, reserving soaking liquid. Rinse cepes under cool running water to eliminate any grit or sand. Strain soaking liquid through coffee filter paper or several layers of damp cheesecloth and set aside.nWipe caps of fresh mushrooms with damp cloth and a little coarse salt. Set aside.nIn a large skillet, heat the fat or oil over medium heat. Add the dried cepes and their soaking liquid and cook until all the liquid in the pan has evaporated. Add the ham, shallots, and garlic and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Add the fresh cepes and cook, stirring, over high heat until all the moisture has evaporated. Pour the wine over the mixture and boil down to a glaze.nAdd 12 cup hot water and the tomato. Cook, stirrinmg, over gentle heat for an instant, then add 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, and the parsley.nScrape into an earthenware or enameled castiron casserole with a tightfitting lid. Cover with waxed paper and the lid cook slowly in the oven 2 to 2 12 hours. Uncover and cool completely. Refrigerate, covered.nReheat slowly. Add the demi glace and adjust seasoning with a few drops of lemon juice, salt, and pepper. Serve with toasted rounds of French bread, if desired.nSuggested Drink: Chateau Magnol, Haut Medoc, Cru Bourgeois 1993, ingredients: [1 to 1 12 ounces dried imported cepes, Kosher salt, 1 12 pounds fresh cepes, trimmed if very large, cut in half, 14 cup duck or goose fat or olive oil, 2 12 ounces Jambon de Bayonne, prosciutto, or Westphalian ham, chopped, 2 large shallots, minced, 1 12 teaspoons finely chopped garlic, 34 cup soft and fruity white wine, such as Saumur or a Chenin Blanc, 1 small redripe tomato, peeled, seeded and chopped, or 14 cup canned tomatoes, drained, Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, Chicken demiglace, Fresh lemon juice, 4 or 5 rounds of French bread rubbed with 12 clove garlic optional], title: Sauce de Cepes, picturelink: null}, 351: {instructions: Special equipment: A 9by5inch loaf pannPosition a rack in the lower third of the oven, and preheat to 325 degrees F. Butter a 9by5inch loaf pan.nSift the flour and salt into a medium bowl. Whisk together the eggs, sour cream and vanilla in a small bowl.nBeat the butter in a large bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until smooth. Gradually add the sugar, 14 cup at a time, to cream and lighten the butter.nContinue to beat the butter mixture until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the bowl as needed.nReduce the mixer speed to low. Beat in the flour, 14 cup at a time, then beat the batter for 30 seconds. Gradually beat in the egg mixture. Take care not to overmix.nTransfer about 13 of the batter to a medium bowl, and stir in the hot chocolate mix. Spoon 12 the remaining vanilla batter into the prepared loaf pan, and smooth over the top with a spatula. Using 12 the hot chocolate batter, drop spoonfuls on top of the vanilla batter. Repeat with the remaining vanilla and hot chocolate batters. Run a skewer through the loaf pan to help swirl the 2 batters together. Tap the pan on the counter.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the top springs back when lightly pressed, 1 hour to 1 hour and 30 minutes.nLet the cake cool in the pan for a few minutes, then invert and let cool completely on a rack., ingredients: [2 sticks 16 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the pan, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 4 large eggs, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 14 cups sugar, 12 cup hot chocolate or cocoa mix], title: Hot Chocolate Marble Pound Cake, picturelink: 7v1WB60ua5nNH892li20J1wTBTPT2UO}, 352: {instructions: 1. In large bowl combine avocado flesh, Mexican crema, onion, cilantro, lime juice, jalapeno peppers, jalapeno juice, hot pepper sauce, cumin, paprika and liquid smoke. Mash with potato masher until nearly smooth.n2. Fold crab into avocado mixture. Season with salt and pepper if desired. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing wrap onto dip surface. Refrigerate for 1 to 24 hours. Serve with KEEBLER TOWN HOUSE Flatbread Crisps  Roasted Garlic crackers., ingredients: [5 medium ripe avocados, halved and flesh removed, 34 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 14 cup finely chopped red onion, 14 cup chopped fresh cilantro, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 2 tablespoons chopped pickled jalapeno peppers, 2 tablespoons pickled jalapeno pepper juice, 1 tablespoon hot pepper sauce, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon hot Hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon liquid smoke, 12 pound lump crab meat, shells and cartilage removed, Kosher salt optional, Freshly ground black pepper optional, Keebleru00ae Town Houseu00ae Flatbread Crisps  Roasted Garlic crackers], title: Smoky Crab and Avocado Dip, picturelink: 9gcV1TpWGWEqF1tHW5lXvdzoYN3mZm}, 353: {instructions: Whisk the mustard, vinegar, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste in a small bowl. Gradually whisk in the oil, starting with a few drops and then adding the rest in a steady stream, to make a smooth, slightly thick dressing.nToss the salad greens with the fennel in a large bowl. Add the smoked turkey along with the goat cheese, and walnuts to the salad. Season with salt and pepper and toss with the dressing. Divide the salad among 2 plates and serve., ingredients: [1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, plus additional for seasoning, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 5 cups mesclun salad greens about 2 12 ounces, 14 fennel bulb, thinly sliced, 6 ounces sliced smoked turkey breast, cut in thin strips, 2 ounces goat cheese, crumbled about 14 cup, 14 cup walnuts halves, toasted], title: Smoked Turkey Salad with Goat Cheese and Walnuts, picturelink: qzt.pO3pO9Ww0LlVM.RF43TfGKh3s6}, 354: {instructions: Make the soup: Put the English cucumber slices in a blender and add 14 cup cold water. Blend on low speed until smooth you dont want to whip too much air into the soup. You may have to stop the blender to push the cucumbers down toward the blade. Season with salt, pepper and a touch of honey, if a little sweetness is needed. Transfer to a small bowl, then set it in a larger bowl filled with ice water to chill, about 3 hours.nMeanwhile, make the sauce: Combine the chile pepper, honey, paprika and cumin in a small bowl and mash well with the back of a spoon so the ingredients meld. If you own a mortar and pestle, this is a great chance to pull it out. Stir in the yogurt and vinegar. Season with salt.nJust before serving, drizzle the Kirby cucumber spears with the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Give the soup a final stir and pour into small glasses. Drizzle the yogurt sauce on top, garnish with the cucumber spears and serve immediately.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 English cucumber, sliced 12 inch thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon honey optional, 12 small jalapeno or Scotch bonnet chile pepper, stemmed and thinly sliced into rounds seeds and all, 1 teaspoon honey, 12 teaspoon hot Spanish paprika, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 cup plain wholemilk yogurt, 12 teaspoon red wine vinegar, Kosher salt, 1 Kirby cucumber, cut into spears, Juice of 12 lemon, Freshly ground pepper], title: Chilled Cucumber Soup with Fiery Yogurt Sauce, picturelink: cIzNvyGBn3zgPZfvCJc6pBteHwY8HKG}, 355: {instructions: Cut pork shoulder into small pieces. In a large pan, saute the pork in butter and garlic until golden brown. Add onion and cook until softened. Add the flour, salt, pepper, sage, rosemary, cumin, tarragon, and bay leaves and stir. Next add the wine and water and cover. Cook over low heat for 30 minutes. In a separate pan, saute the bacon until the fat has rendered and its golden brown. After pork has been cooked for 30 minutes, add rendered bacon to dish. Cook for 30 more minutes. Serve with potatoes and croutons., ingredients: [2 pounds boneless pork shoulder, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 1 large onion, diced, 1 12 ounces flour, Salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon sage, 12 teaspoon rosemary, 12 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon tarragon, 2 bay leaves, 2 quarts red wine, 1 cup water, 10 ounces bacon, cut into small pieces, Boiled potatoes and croutons, for serving], title: Charbonne, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 356: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinade and steak: Combine the cilantro, Worcestershire, garlic, chiles, lime juice, marjoram and onions in a bag. Sprinkle the steak with salt and pepper and add to the bag. Release air and seal the bag, then refrigerate. Marinate up to 2 hours.nTo prepare, bring the steak to room temp, heat a grill pan to mediumhigh, shake off excess marinade and cook the steak for a few minutes on each side. Thinly slice and set aside.nFor the soup: Bring a pot of water to a boil, salt the water and cook the barley to tender, but al dente, about 20 minutes. Drain and drizzle with a touch of oil. Store in a plastic container until the night you serve the soup.nIn a soup pot, heat the 2 tablespoons EVOO, 2 turns of the pan, over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic, celery, chile peppers, onions and bell peppers, and season with salt and pepper. Cook to soften the veggies, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the stock, tomatoes and cilantro, and simmer to combine the flavors, about 20 minutes. Cool, cover and store for a makeahead meal.nTo serve, heat the soup to a low boil. Add the barley and heat through. Serve the soup in shallow bowls and add the sliced skirt steak. Pass the lime wedges, Worcestershire and hot sauce for topping., ingredients: [14 cup fresh cilantro or parsley leaves, finely chopped, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 2 large cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 fresh chile, such as Fresno or jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped, 1 lime, juiced, 1 teaspoon dried marjoram or oregano, 14 red onion, minced or grated, 1 pound skirt steak, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper, Salt, 1 cup pearled barley, 2 tablespoons EVOO, plus extra for drizzling, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 ribs celery, finely chopped, 2 chile peppers, such as Fresno or jalepeno, seeded and chopped, 1 red onion, chopped, 1 small bell pepper, finely chopped, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 cups beef stock, One 32ounce can stewed tomatoes, A handful of fresh cilantro or parsley leaves, chopped, Lime wedges, Worcestershire and hot sauce, to pass at table], title: Mexican Sliced Steak and Barley Soup, picturelink: Fraceu.APQys0euYcklWe7J62LQTrhy}, 357: {instructions: Combine vinaigrette, raspberries, and sugar in a blender. Blend until smooth set aside.nIn a large bowl, toss together spinach, onions, raspberries, cucumbers, and half of the vinaigrette.nDivide mixture among 4 chilled plates. Add chicken strips to mixing bowl and toss with 2 tablespoons dressing. Divide among the plates. Garnish with feta, pecans, and black pepper. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup lite balsamic vinaigrette, 12 cup fresh raspberries, 34 teaspoon sugar, 8 cups baby spinach, 13 cup red onion, thinly sliced, 1 cup fresh raspberries, 1 cup sliced cucumbers, 1 13 cups cooked storebought chicken breast, cut into strips, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup chopped pecans, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Chicken and Baby Spinach with RaspberryBalsamic Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 358: {instructions: Special equipment: Rolling pin cheese graternPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the pastry: Roll the short crust pastry 14inch thick and cut into 6 6inch rounds.nRefrigerate the pastry rounds for at least 30 minutes. Cut 5 evenly spaced 1inch slits around the edge of each pastry round perpendicular to the edge.nWhisk together the egg yolk and water to make an egg wash. Brush the edge of the pastry with egg wash.nFor the filling: Toss the plums with the brown sugar and cardamom. Pile an equal amount of plum mixture in the center of each pastry round. Fold the pastry around the plums, overlapping the pastry at the slits, and press firmly to seal. Place the galettes on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Brush the outside of the pastry with egg wash.nFor the streusel topping: Combine the flour, sugar and cinnamon together. Using your fingers, cut the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles cornmeal. Sprinkle the streusel on top of each galette.nBake for 20 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake for 20 minutes longer. Serve warm.nSift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl. Using a cheese grater, grate the butter and shortening into the flour. Combine the mixture with your fingers until it resembles cornmeal. Add the ice cold water and mix with a spoon, pulling the water into the flour until a dough forms.nWith your hands, shape the dough into 2 balls and flatten them into disks. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes. Store in the refrigerator for up to 4 days and in the freezer for up to 1 month.nPreparation Time: 10 minutesnInactive Time: 30 minute, ingredients: [1 pound short crust pastry, recipe follows, 1 egg yolk, 2 tablespoons water, 6 purple plums, pitted and thinly sliced, 13 cup brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cardamom, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 cup unsalted butter, cold, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 ounces unsalted butter, cold, 8 ounces shortening, cold, 12 cup ice cold water], title: Plum Galette with Streusel Topping, picturelink: xw39tF0Bd8R.1laoaZEoKl3bmaKA.Ya}, 359: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Heat the oil over medium heat in a large skillet. Add the onions and thyme and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are very soft and browned, about 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, stir together the sour cream, mayonnaise and Worcestershire sauce season with salt and pepper. Fold in the onion mixture until well combined. Cover and chill for at least 1 hour or up to overnight. Mixture can be stored in an airtight container for up to 3 days.nArrange the bread in an even layer on a baking sheet. Sprinkle each slice with about 1 tablespoon cheese. Bake until the bread is golden brown and crisp and the cheese is melted, 6 to 8 minutes. Serve dip with the cheese toasts and endive leaves., ingredients: [3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 yellow onions, diced, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, 1 14 cups sour cream, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 baguette, cut into 14inchthick slices on the bias, 4 ounces grated gruyere cheese or other Swiss cheese, 2 heads endive, leaves separated, for serving], title: French Onion Dip with Gruyere Toasts, picturelink: WwKzpV6kHnBs1w9B4mMwEQzamSYelu}, 360: {instructions: Special equipment: A large pastry bag fitted with a large star tip, an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachmentnPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nSift the cocoa powder and flour together at least 3 times. Set aside. Place the water, butter, sugar, and salt in a heavy 2quart saucepan. Bring this mixture just to a boil over high heat. Remove from heat and add the sifted cocoa and flour in all at once. Stir with a wooden spoon until the dough comes together to form a ball. Return the pan to mediumhigh heat and beat constantly until a film develops on the bottom of the pan, about 2 minutes. Do not let it burn.nTransfer the dough to the bowl of an electric mixer with a paddle attachment. Add the eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Scrape down the side of the bowl and continue to beat the dough for 4 minutes at high speed. Transfer the dough into a piping bag fitted with a large star tip. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper and pipe 3 to 4inch log shapes onto the paper. Bake for 10 minutes then reduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Bake for another 15 minutes. Turn the oven off. Remove the eclairs from the oven and poke a hole in each one using a skewer or piping nail. Place the eclairs back in the oven and leave the door ajar for 10 minutes, allowing the eclairs to dry.nCut the eclairs in 12 lengthwise with a serrated knife. Place the bottom halves of the eclairs on a sheet pan and put 3 marshmallows into each. Place under the broiler until golden, watching closely. Remove from oven. Place tops on and ladle the chocolate sauce over top.nPlace the chocolate in a stainlesssteel bowl. Pour the heavy cream into a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat and heat the cream until just before the boiling point. Pour the cream over the chocolate and let sit for 1 minute. Whisk until smooth and glossy., ingredients: [2 tablespoons cocoa powder, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup water, 14 pound unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon fine salt, 4 eggs, 36 large marshmallows, Chocolate Sauce, recipe follows, 10 ounces semisweet chocolate, finely chopped, 1 cup heavy cream], title: Smores Eclairs, picturelink: 4HBAszCwovSwYkmYMTBbgOWMhnqU6te}, 361: {instructions: In a large saucepan bring cream to the beginning of a boil. Remove from cook top. Add chocolate in chunks. Stir until completely combined. Cool to room temperature before filling cakes. Set aside to cool.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour cake pans of choice. Melt chocolate and set aside to cool to room temperature. Beat butter and brown sugar until fluffy about 4 minutes on medium. Add eggs and vanilla and continue to beat until thick and creamy about 6 minutes on medium. Add chocolate on low and mix until combined. Wisk dry ingredients together. Add 13 dry ingredients alternately with 13 sour cream beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Add boiling water and mix only for 30 seconds, scrape bowl and mix the rest by hand. Immediately pour into pans 23 full. Bake until tester comes out clean in center of cake, about 30 minutes for 9inch round, more or less for other size cake pans. Cool for 12 hour before removing cakes from pans. Wrap in plastic wrap and cool in the refrigerator. When totally cold, unwrap cakes and fill with chocolate ganache.nPreheat oven to 325 degrees F. Butter and flour cake pans of choice With a zester, zest the orange part of the peel of a fresh orange but do not zest the white section of the peel. Measure 4 tablespoons. Combine yolks, 112 cups milk and extracts. Set aside. Combine dry ingredients in mixer and mix on low. Add 212 cups of milk, orange juice, butter and orange zest to dry ingredients and mix on low for 2 minutes. Beat on high for an additional 3 minutes. Turn mixer to low and add yolk mixture in 3 batches, mixing for 40 seconds on low each time. Fill buttered and floured cake pans 12 full. Bake until tester comes out clean and center springs back when lightly touched. Cool in pans for 20 minutes.nLayer cake as follows: 1 layer chocolate cake, chocolate ganache, 1 layer orange cake, chocolate ganache, 1 layer chocolate cake. Frost as desired., ingredients: [1 quart heavy cream, 3 pounds semisweet chocolate, 32 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 2 pounds unsalted butter, 8 pounds brown sugar, 32 eggs, 3 tablespoons pure vanilla extract, 3 pounds 8 ounces cake flour, 4 tablespoons baking powder, 2 teaspoons salt, 8 cups sour cream, 8 cups boiling water, 4 tablespoons finely zested orange peel, 24 egg yolks, 4 cups milk, 1 tablespoon pure vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons pure orange extract, 212 cups pure orange juice, 1 12 pounds butter, room temperature, 2 pounds, 11 ounces cake flour, 6 cups sugar, 4 tablespoons baking powder, 1 tablespoon salt], title: Chocolate Orange Cake, picturelink: qwDFD2iHKAPtjjsssAXWXvYYKeIyCY2}, 362: {instructions: For the chicken: Combine the olive oil, garlic and herbs in a very large bowl. Add the chicken and coat with the marinade. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Truss the chickens and season to taste with salt and pepper. Brush with the marinade. In a hot skillet, sear the breast sides 3 to 5 minutes until golden. Place in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees and continue roasting, basting with the marinade and pan juices, until the chicken is cooked through and browned, about 30 minutes more. Remove from the oven and let rest.nFor the sauce: In large saute pan, heat the butter and olive oil over high heat until almost smoking and saute the shallot until caramelized, about 3 minutes. Add the wine and reduce until almost dry. Add the stock and the roasted garlic and cook until reduced by half. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Remove from the heat and strain into a saucepan. Whisk in the butter. Spoon over chicken and drizzle with truffle oil.nFor the potato puree: Place basil, pine nuts and garlic and oil in a food processor and process until smooth. Add the cheese and salt and pepper to taste. Pass the warm cooked potatoes through a ricer into a large bowl. Add 14 cup of the herb puree, milk and butter. Mix until smooth, season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [1 cup olive oil, 14 cup roughly chopped garlic, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh thyme leave, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh tarragon, 14 cup roughly chopped fresh rosemary, 2 chickens, about 2 12 pounds each, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 shallots, roughly chopped, 1 cup port wine, 8 cups chicken stock, 2 heads roasted garlic, cloves removed, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons white truffle oil, 1 cup basil leaves, tightly packed, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, 2 cloves garlic, 13 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 red potatoes, peeled, cut into chunks and cooked until soft, 12 cup milk, scalded, 3 tablespoons butter], title: Roasted Chicken with Roasted Garlic Sauce and White Truffle Oil with Herbed Potato Puree, picturelink: null}, 363: {instructions: To make the choi sum: Toss the choi sum leaves, sugar snap peas, carrots, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, pineapple, and spring onions together in a large serving bowl.nTo make the dressing: Mix the groundnut oil, pineapple juice, light soy sauce, rice vinegar, and black pepper in a small bowl, and stir well. Then, pour the dressing mixture over the salad just before serving. Toss well, and serve immediately., ingredients: [7 ounces Choi Sum leaves flowering Chinese cabbage or baby bok choy, washed, trimmed and sliced, 4 ounces sugar snap peas, washed, 2 large carrots, julienned, 1 red bell pepper, sliced, 1 yellow bell pepper, sliced, 8 ounces canned pineapple, sliced, 2 spring onions green, finely sliced, 2 to 3 tablespoons groundnut peanut or olive oil, 7 tablespoons pineapple juice, 2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar or cider vinegar, Pinch freshly cracked black pepper], title: Choi Sum and Mixed Vegetable Salad with Pineapple Dressing, picturelink: null}, 364: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Brush the sides of 2 8inch sandwich or cake pans or a 11inch springform pan with melted butter, and dust with flour. Line the base of each pan with greaseproof or parchment paper.nCream the 2 sticks butter in a large bowl or in an electric food mixer until soft. Gradually add the sugar, and orange zest, and continue to beat until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating well between each addition. Sift the 8 ounces flour and baking powder into the mixture, and stir. Gently, stir in 1 tablespoon of the orange juice.nDivide the mixture evenly between the 2 prepared pans, making a slight hollow in the center of each cake so that it will rise evenly without forming a peak. Bake in the oven until a skewer comes out clean when inserted into the center of the cakes, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let the cakes sit for 5 minutes, and then turn out onto a wire rack, and cool completely.nTo make the orange filling: Cream the butter until very soft, and then add the sugar and orange zest. Gradually beat in 1 tablespoon of the orange juice to create a smooth, soft mixture.nTo make the glace icing: Add enough orange juice to the sugar for a spreadable icing. If it is too soft, it will run off the cake, but if it is too stiff, it will be difficult to spread.nWhen the cakes are cool, carefully slice each cake in half horizontally. If baking a single cake, slice the cake horizontally into two or three even layers. Spread the orange filling between the cake layers, and sandwich the pieces together. Using a palette knife, spread the glace icing over the top and sides, and decorate with the crystallized flowers, if using., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 8 ounces allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 8 ounces caster sugar superfine, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, 4 eggs, 1 teaspoon baking powder, Juice of 2 oranges, for cake, filling, and icing, 1 stick plus 1 tablespoon butter, softened, 8 ounces icing sugar confectioners, sifted, Finely grated zest of 1 orange, Orange juice, as needed, 11 ounces icing sugar confectioners, sifted, Crystallized flowers, for decorating, optional], title: Florences Orange Cake, picturelink: null}, 365: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8inch round baking pan, line with parchment paper, then grease and flour the pan.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed for 3 to 5 minutes, until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides with a rubber spatula. Add the eggs, one at a time, the molasses, and the 2 teaspoons of lemon zest and mix until combined. The batter may look curdled.nSift together the flour, ginger, baking soda, and salt. With the mixer on low, slowly add the dry ingredients alternately with the milk, scraping down the sides. Mix until smooth. With a rubber spatula, fold in the 13 cup of crystallized ginger.nPour the batter into the prepared pan, smooth the top, and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until a toothpick just comes out clean. Donu00bft overbake it Cool in the pan for 30 minutes, turn out onto a baking rack, and cool completely. Spread the top with whipped cream and sprinkle with crystallized ginger and grated lemon zest.nPlace the cream, confectioners sugar, granulated sugar, creme fraiche, and vanilla in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment. Beat on high speed, until it forms soft peaks. Serve cold., ingredients: [14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 12 cup light brown sugar, lightly packed, 2 extralarge eggs, at room temperature, 12 cup unsulphured molasses, 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest, plus extra for serving, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup whole milk, 13 cup smalldiced crystallized ginger see Cooks Note, plus extra for serving, MakeAhead Whipped Cream, for serving, recipe follows, 1 12 cups cold heavy cream, 14 cup confectioners sugar, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons creme fraiche, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Lemon Ginger Molasses Cake, picturelink: d4QfX8a4RYQINDjfqvLDGEAs.UhD09e}, 366: {instructions: In a small bowl combine the bread crumbs and milk and let soak for 10 minutes. In a large skillet heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil and cook onion for 3 minutes, remove from heat and allow to cool.nIn a large bowl combine ground meats, soaked bread crumbs, cooked onion, egg, Parmesan,parsley, garlic and salt and pepper and mix well. Shape mixture into 1 12inch diameter balls and set on a plate.nIn the same large skillet heat 2 more tablespoons of olive oil and cook the meatballs in 34 batches until browned on all sides, about 10 minutes. When meatballs are browned, transfer them to a side plate, add more oil if necessary and continue to cook remaining meatballs.nAdd the browned meatballs to the simmering marinara sauce and heat for 1015 minutes. Serve meatballs and sauce with cooked spaghetti or pasta of choice., ingredients: [1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 13 cup milk, 13 cup olive oil, 1 cup minced onion, 12 pound ground beef, 12 pound pork, 12 pound veal, 1 large egg, lightly beaten, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, 2 large cloves of garlic, peeled and minced, Salt and pepper, 56 cups marinara sauce], title: Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 367: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl, combine the shrimp, olive oil, sugar, pimento, salt, garlic and lemon zest. Let the shrimp marinate for 20 minutes. Preheat a grill pan over high heat. When the grill pan is hot, grill the shrimp until they are just cooked through and turning pink, about 2 minutes per side. Serve immediately with the Romesco Sauce.nWine suggestion for this recipe: Pinot GrigionIn a food processor, process the toasted almonds until ground. Add the roasted red peppers, olive oil, vinegar, cayenne pepper, bread and garlic. Process until the mixture is smooth. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and transfer it to a serving bowl to serve alongside the grilled shrimp.nPer serving based on 6 servings:nCalories 296nTotal Fat 18 gramsnSaturated Fat 2 gramsnProtein 22 gramsnTotal Carbohydrate 10 gramsnSugar: 4 gramsnFiber 1 gramnCholesterol 191 milligramsnSodium 1397 milligrams, ingredients: [2 pounds shrimp 1620, peeled and deveined, tails on, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 teaspoon pimenton smoked Spanish paprika, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 3 cloves garlic, grated, 1 lemon, zested, Romesco Sauce, for serving, recipe follows, 14 cup marcona almonds, toasted, 1 12ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 slice white bread about 1inch thick, crusts removed, toasted and torn into pieces, 1 large clove garlic, grated, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Grilled Garlic Shrimp with Romesco Sauce, picturelink: bJAjGzYkEQAFhWENRnVvc3L15s1zEa}, 368: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nStir together all ingredients in a small serving bowl. Adjust seasonings and serve., ingredients: [34 cup buttermilk, 34 cup sour cream, 1 clove garlic, grated or finely chopped, then mashed into paste with salt, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped dill, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Ranch Dipper, picturelink: COD8BOwrsKTGDq7L87vIWzuRfBFnG}, 369: {instructions: Mix 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 34 cup shredded extrasharp cheddar and 1 tablespoon pickled jalapeno brine season with salt and pepper. Broil 4 slices sourdough bread on a baking sheet until golden, then flip and spread with the cheese mixture. Top with chopped pickled jalapenos and a dash of paprika. Broil until the cheese is melted and bubbly, then cut each slice in half.nPhotograph by Christopher Testani, ingredients: [], title: Jalapeno Cheese Bread, picturelink: Z4MMHCTEjcUchBCXRDGrBkX2yRoj2V.}, 370: {instructions: Bring a pot of water to a boil to cook the pasta. Add the salt to the water.nIn a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the egg, egg yolk, Parmesan, pecorino, and pepper and whisk for 3 to 4 minutes or until it is thick and creamy.nIn a medium saute pan, render the pancetta until crispy. Remove pancetta from pan and place on a paper towel to remove excess fat.nAdd the pasta to the boiling water and cook until al dente. Strain the pasta, do not rinse, and add the hot pasta to the bowl with the egg mixture. Fold the egg mixture and pasta together for 30 seconds. It is very important that the pasta be very hot when added to the egg mixture, so that the heat of the pasta cooks the eggs. Fold the pancetta into the pasta.nGarnish with grated pecorino Romano and extra black pepper., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 whole egg, 1 egg yolk, 14 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano, 14 cup grated pecorino Romano, plus extra for garnish, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup diced pancetta, 1 pound spaghetti, Fresh cracked black pepper, for garnish], title: Spaghetti alla Carbonara, picturelink: null}, 371: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, mix the butter and sugar together until they are just combined. Add the vanilla. In a medium bowl, sift together the flour and salt, then add them to the butterandsugar mixture. Mix on low speed until the dough starts to come together. Dump onto a surface dusted with flour and shape into a flat disk. Press the dough into a 10inchround or 9inchsquare falsebottom tart pan, making sure that the finished edge is flat. Chill until firm.nButter 1 side of a square of aluminum foil to fit inside the tart and place it, buttered side down, on the pastry. Fill with beans or rice. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the foil and beans, prick the tart all over with the tines of a fork, and bake again for 20 to 25 minutes more, or until lightly browned. Allow to cool to room temperature.nRemove the zest of 4 limes with a vegetable peeler or zester, being careful to avoid the white pith. Squeeze the limes to make 12 cup of juice and set the juice aside. Put the zest in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the sugar and process for 2 to 3 minutes, until the zest is very finely minced. In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream the butter with the sugar and lime zest. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, and then add the lime juice and salt. Mix until combined.nPour the mixture into a 2quart saucepan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thickened, about 10 minutes. The lime curd will thicken at about 175 degrees F, or just below a simmer. Remove from the heat and set aside.nFill the tart shell with warm lime curd and allow to set at room temperature. Once set, serve immediately or refrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [34 cup unsalted butter at room temperature, 12 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 4 limes at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 14 pound unsalted butter at room temperature, 4 extralarge eggs at room temperature, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Lime Curd Tart, picturelink: null}, 372: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Place the stuffing cubes in a large bowl and set aside. In a large sautu00e9 pan over mediumhigh heat, add 2 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Add the jalapenos, onion, bell pepper and thyme, then sprinkle with a pinch each of salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, until the onion and bell pepper are tender, then add the garlic. Cook until the garlic is tender, then remove the vegetables to the bowl with the stuffing cubes.nWipe out the pan with a paper towel and place back on the heat. Add the remaining 4 tablespoons butter and 2 tablespoons olive oil to the pan. When the butter is melted and bubbling, add the plantains and sprinkle with salt. Saute, while tossing, until the plantains are golden and caramelized on the edges, 6 to 8 minutes. Pour over the stuffing in the bowl. Add the chicken stock and stir or mix with your hands.nPour and press the stuffing into an 8inch square baking dish, cover with foil and bake 30 minutes. Uncover and continue baking until golden, another 20 minutes.nPhotograph by Steve Giralt, ingredients: [4 cups herbed or cornbread stuffing cubes, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 jalapeno peppers, seeded and minced, 1 cup diced onion about 1, 1 cup diced red bell pepper about 1, 2 tablespoons fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 large plantains with some black areas, peeled and chopped into u00bdinch pieces, 2 cups chicken stock], title: Plantain Stuffing, picturelink: YgR72NjuEnlBVH088Kb5.lD9x6fWu}, 373: {instructions: For the Texas Chicken Hash:nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the chicken with garlic powder, chili powder, and black pepper. Put into a roasting pan and cover with foil. Roast the chicken until cooked through, about 45 minutes. Remove to a cutting board and chop.nAdd the potatoes and 12 stick of butter to a medium skillet and saute until tender. Remove from the pan and set aside. Add the green bell peppers and onions to the pan and saute until soft but not mushynHeat a deepfryer with oil and fry the tortillas until crispy. Transfer the tortillas to paper towels to drain.nIn a large saucepan add the flour and the remaining 12 stick of butter and cook the flour for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Slowly add the milk and cook until slightly thick. Add the chopped red bell peppers and the habenero. Stir in the grated cheese and cook until melted.nCoat a large fry pan with oil and add the eggs. Cook the eggs sunny side up.nIn a large pot over low heat, add the potatoes, bell pepper mixture and the chopped chicken. Season with Tony Chacheres seasoning, to taste. Stir the potato mixture until heated through.nPut 4 tortillas on a plate in stacks of 2. Spoon some of the chicken mixture on top of both stacks. Top each stack with 1 sunny side up egg and drizzle with the cheese sauce, to taste. Repeat the process with the remaining tortillas, eggs and cheese. Garnish each plate with avocado and tomato slices.nServe immediately., ingredients: [4 boneless chicken breasts, Chili powder, Garlic powder, Ground black pepper, 4 potatoes, diced, 1 stick butter, divided, 6 green bell peppers, chopped, plus 2 red bell peppers, chopped, 4 onions, chopped, Oil, for deepfrying, plus more for frying eggs, 16 corn tortillas, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 3 cups milk, 1 habenero pepper, chopped, 4 cups grated cheese, any cheese of choice, 8 eggs, Tony Chacheres seasoning, to taste, Avocado slices, for garnish, Tomato slices, for garnish], title: Texas Chicken Hash, picturelink: ck5kIqEqcNS2Ce9hQ4Y2Rss4Z.V6ukq}, 374: {instructions: 1. Mix together the puree, pepper sauce and honey. Reserve.n2. Toss the frisee with the olive oil and vinegar. Season to taste with salt and pepper.n3. Place a metal ring, about 2 inches across and 1 inch high, on a dinner plate. Add 18 of the frisee mixture to it. Top the frisee with 18 of the Simple Ceviche with Herbs this should just about reach the top of the ring. Remove the ring, and decorate the ceviche tower with a little of the tomato puree mixture out of a squeeze tube, if you desire. Decorate the plate with dabs or squiggles of the tomato puree mixture, and drizzle olive oil over all.n4. Repeat step 3 seven times. Serve immediately.nUsing a very sharp knife, cut the fish into thin, fairly broad slices. In a bowl, mix it with the lime juice. Let stand for 10 minutes at room temperature.nMeanwhile, cut the tomatoes in half horizontally. Rub each tomato half against a coarse grater, catching the juices in a bowl. Discard the tomato skins. Mix the tomato juice with the hot pepper sauce and honey. Blend well.nRemove the fish from the lime juice, and discard the juice. Add the tomato mixture to the fish, along with the chili, cilantro, mint and chives. Taste for seasoning.nDivide the ceviche among 8 small plates, drizzle with a little olive oil, garnish with cilantro leaves, and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup red tomato puree, canned, 4 teaspoons West Indies Creole Hot Pepper Sauce, 2 teaspoons honey, 4 ounces frisee, washed and torn into pieces, 4 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil preferably Andalusian, plus a little more for drizzling, 2 teaspoons red wine vinegar, 1 recipe Simple Ceviche with Herbs recipe follows, 1 pound very fresh, firm, whitefleshed fish, 12 cup freshly squeezed lime juice, 4 very ripe tomatoes, about 6 ounces each, 8 teaspoons West Indies Creole Hot Pepper Sauce, 4 teaspoons honey, 8 teaspoons very finely minced green chili, 8 teaspoons finely minced cilantro leaves, plus extra leaves for garnish, 8 teaspoons finely minced mint leaves, 2 teaspoons finely minced chives, Extravirgin olive oil preferably Andalusian for drizzling], title: Fancy Ceviche with Frisee and Tomato Salsa, picturelink: null}, 375: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreparation: Sprinkle brown sugar over beef and mix well to evenly coat. Let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes while preparing marinade. In a bowl, whisk together remaining ingredients. Transfer beef into a large sealable freezer bag you may need 2. Add marinade, press out excess air from bags, and seal. Turn bag over several times to ensure beef is evenly coated. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours but preferably overnight.nHeat gas or charcoal grill to mediumhot. Drain excess marinade off beef. Grill short ribs, turning once, to desired doneness, about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Garnish with thinly sliced green onions, if desired. Serve whole pieces as a main course or cut into smaller pieces, using kitchen shears, for a starter or party nibble., ingredients: [5 pounds Korean style beef short ribs, 1 cup brown sugar, packed, 1 cup soy sauce, 12 cup water, 14 cup mirin rice wine, 1 small onion, peeled and finely grated, 1 small Asian pear, peeled and finely grated, 4 tablespoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons dark sesame oil, 14 teaspoon black pepper, 2 green onions, thinly sliced optional], title: Kalbi Korean Barbequed Beef Short Ribs, picturelink: DosQE6dFrgW2hRU5rRy4rWpMWrDBEpq}, 376: {instructions: For the meat: Mix garlic, rosemary, balsamic vinegar, wine, olive oil, and black pepper to taste in a selfsealing plastic bag or a shallow dish. Add the meat, turning to coat, and cover or seal. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight.nPrepare an outdoor grill with a hot fire for indirect grilling.nFor the marmalade: On a large sheet of heavyduty aluminum foil or a doubled piece of regular, toss the onions with the rest of the marmalade ingredients. Bring edges of foil up and crimp closed. Place package on the edge of the grill over mediumhigh heat. Cook, turning the sealed package every now and then so the onions cook evenly until meltingly tender, about 45 minutes.nRemove the meat from the marinade, pat it dry, and season generously with salt and black pepper to taste. Lightly oil the grill and sear the meat over high heat for 5 minutes. Then rotate it dont turn it over yet about 45 degrees from its original spot on the grill. Once youve made your grill mark, flip and repeat on the other side. Move the steak to the cooler side of the grill, cover with an aluminum pan, and cook, rotating not flipping periodically, until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the steak registers 125 degree sF, about 15 to 20 minutes. Let steak rest on a cutting board about 10 minutes.nFor the toast: Meanwhile, sprinkle garlic cloves with salt. With the flat side of a large knife, mash and smear garlic mixture into a paste. Mix with the butter. Lightly oil the grill, place bread over direct heat, and toast on both sides until golden brown, about 2 minutes total. Remove bread from grill and spread generously with the garlic butter. Thinly slice steak against the grain on an angle. Top toasts with onion marmalade, arugula, and sliced meat. Serve openfaced with mustard andor horseradish., ingredients: [4 large cloves garlic, chopped, 3 sprigs rosemary, leaves roughly chopped about 1 tablespoon, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup red wine, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 2inchthick piece beef top round for London broil about 3 pounds, Kosher salt, 4 medium red onions, halved and thinly sliced, 3 sprigs rosemary, leaves chopped about 1 tablespoon, 12 cup balsamic vinegar, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons dark brown sugar, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 4 cloves garlic, peeled, 12 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons butter, softened, 8 34inchthick slices good quality white or sourdough bread, 1 bunch arugula, washed and trimmed, Mustard andor horseradish], title: London Broil With Onion Marmalade, picturelink: 5vlM3l3exxei4ySJH9WMrs1EPfn3BLu}, 377: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees F.nPlace the tortillas on a baking sheet and heat in the oven until warmed through and softened, about 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, using kitchen shears, cut the sausage links into 14inch pieces. Heat a small skillet over mediumlow heat until shimmering, about 2 minutes, then add the sausage and heat, stirring frequently, until warmed through, about 4 minutes. In a medium bowl, whisk the eggs. Add the chives, milk, salt, and pepper.nIn a medium nonstick skillet over medium heat, melt the butter, then add the egg mixture, and using a rubber spatula, push the eggs toward the center of the pan until the mixture is no longer runny. Add the cheese and gently toss until cooked to desired consistency.nDivide the eggs evenly among the tortillas. Top with sausage and 2 tablespoons of the prepared Avocado Pineapple Salsa. Squeeze a lime wedge over the salsa, and add a dash of hot sauce if desired.nStarting from one end, roll the tortilla once, then fold in the sides and continue rolling until fully enclosed.nCombine the tomatoes, pineapple, avocados, onion, cilantro, lime juice, red pepper flakes and garlic salt in a medium bowl. Add black pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 large wholewheat tortillas, One 10ounce package fully cooked breakfast sausage links I like Jimmy Deans turkey sausage, 6 large eggs or substitute 6 large egg whites, 14 cup chives, finely chopped, 3 tablespoons whole milk or heavy cream, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons salted butter, 4 ounces sharp Cheddar cheese, grated, 12 cup Pineapple Avocado Salsa, recipe follows, 4 lime wedges, Hot sauce, optional, 23 cup grape tomatoes, chopped 10 to 12, 34 cup finely chopped pineapple, 3 medium avocados, diced, 12 finely chopped sweet onion, such as Vidalia, 18 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 14 teaspoon garlic salt, Black pepper], title: Breakfast Burritos, picturelink: wRdCThJsuhLF4O582jDdX6coL2dxsG}, 378: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, soy sauce, pepper and smashed garlic in a blender and puree until smooth. Pour the mixture into a 12inch wide, 2 14inch deep nonstick skillet, stir in the bay leaves and submerge the wings in the marinade. Refrigerate for at least 2 hours and up to 6 hours.nMeanwhile, make the Banana Ketchup: Heat the oil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring until softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the ginger, turmeric, allspice, garlic and jalapeno and cook, stirring until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring until lightly caramelized, about 1 minute. Add the mashed bananas, vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce and rum, if using, and simmer, stirring occasionally, until slightly thickened, about 10 minutes. Scrape the sauce into a bowl, press a sheet of plastic wrap against the surface and let cool. You should have about 1 cup.nRemove the skillet from the refrigerator and place over high heat. Once the marinade begins to bubble, cook the wings, gently moving them around and flipping occasionally, until cooked through, about 25 minutes. Use tongs to transfer the chicken wings to a bowl and set aside. Stir the onion into the sauce and continue cooking over high heat, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is reduced to a glaze and the onions are soft, 5 to 10 minutes. Pour the glaze and onions over the chicken wings and stir to coat evenly.nTransfer the wings to a serving platter and top with parsley. Serve with banana ketchup on the side., ingredients: [2 cups whitewine vinegar, 2 cups lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 heads garlic, cloves separated, smashed and peeled, 12 bay leaves, 4 pounds chicken wings, split at the joint, wingtips removed and discarded, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 14 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 1 12 teaspoons minced peeled ginger, 14 teaspoon ground turmeric, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded and minced, 1 12 teaspoons tomato paste, 2 very ripe bananas, mashed until smooth about 1 cup, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dark rum optional, 1 large yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons thinly sliced flatleaf parsley leaves], title: Filipino Adobo Chicken Wings, picturelink: WO7UVRcsv1cX94769xc51PRgrRWYhh.}, 379: {instructions: Cut the lemon in half and add it to a large pot of boiling salted water. Add the shrimp and cook, uncovered, for only 3 minutes, until the shrimp are just cooked through. Remove with a slotted spoon to a bowl of cool water. When the shrimp are cool enough to handle, peel and devein them. Keep cold until ready to serve.nFor the cocktail sauce, combine the chili sauce, ketchup, horseradish, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, and hot sauce. Serve with the shrimp., ingredients: [1 lemon, Kosher salt, 2 pounds large shrimp in the shell about 30, 12 cup chili sauce recommended: Heinz, 12 cup ketchup recommended: Heinz, 3 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 14 teaspoon hot sauce recommended: Tabasco], title: Shrimp with Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 380: {instructions: Toss 1 12 pounds carrots, 2 tablespoons olive oil, the juice of 2 lime wedges, 34 teaspoon cracked coriander seeds, and salt and pepper on a sheet of foil. Seal into a tight package and roast at 425 degrees F until tender, 30 minutes. Sprinkle with cilantro and serve with lime.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Coriander Roasted Carrots, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 381: {instructions: Preheat a medium pot over medium heat, add extravirgin olive oil and butter. When butter melts into oil, add cut up chicken. Season the chicken with salt and pepper. Stir and lightly brown the chicken, then add the rice and cook another 1 to 2 minutes. Add chicken stock, poultry seasoning, Sazon seasoning, tomato sauce and raisins. Bring the stock to a quick boil, 2 or 3 minutes. When the liquid boils, reduce heat to low and cook 13 to 15 minutes, until rice is tender but still a little chewy in the center.nWhile the rice and chicken are working, prepare the salsa. Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl and adjust the salt and hot sauce, to taste. Next prepare the Avocado and Garlic Sour Cream by adding all ingredients to a food processor and processing until smooth. Adjust seasoning, then transfer to a small bowl.nStir 12 cup of prepared Olive and Pepper Salsa to the chicken and rice mixture. Turn off heat and let stand 5 minutes.nServe the prepared Latin rice and chicken in shallow bowls with spoonfuls of salsa and avocado cream to garnish. Serve any remaining salsa and sour cream with plantains and corn chips for dipping and scooping., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken tenders, breasts or thighs, cut into bite size pieces, Salt and pepper, 2 cups white rice, 3 cups chicken stock, available in paper boxes on the soup aisle of market, 1 teaspoon poultry seasoning, 1 tablespoon 3 teaspoons Sazon seasoning blend recommended: Goya with Mexican and Spanish foods in market, 1 cup tomato sauce, 1 2ounce box golden raisins, 14 cup, 1 cup Spanish olives with pimentos, drained and chopped, 2 vine ripe tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 small green bell pepper, seeded and chopped, 1 small white skinned onion, chopped, Several drops hot sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, a handful, 12 lemon or lime, juiced, Salt, 2 ripe avocados, pitted and spoon flesh from skins, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 clove garlic, Salt, 1 cup sour cream], title: Latin Chicken and Rice Pot, picturelink: 1fVtOdtzuOnqKBxqSdlBWYaaMHYtNMu}, 382: {instructions: In a saucepan combine 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water and 1 teaspoon lemon juice. Cook until caramel turns a golden amber, about 15 minutes. Pour caramel onto a greased baking sheet to cool. Break into shards. Peel oranges so that no pith remains. Run knife between membranes to release segments. Squeeze whatever juice remains in the membrane over orange segments. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier. Let macerate for 20 minutes. Spoon orange segments into glasses. Spoon remaining juice over segments. Garnish with caramel shards., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons water, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 2 oranges, 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier], title: Caramel Oranges, picturelink: null}, 383: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHave 4 3 by 5 12 by 2inch bread pans greased and floured.nWhisk together the flours, sugars, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, and nutmeg and set aside. Beat the eggs, then add the milk, butter, pumpkin, and ginger. Whisk to combine well. Combine the wet and dry ingredients and fold in 12 the pumpkin seeds. Divide the batter among the 4 pans and top with the remaining pumpkin seeds. Bake about 45 to 50 minutes or until the top is browned and cracked., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, plus more for prepping pan, 12 cup wholewheat flour, 13 cup sugar, 14 cup light or dark brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 2 large eggs, 1 cup whole milk, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing pan, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 1 tablespoon grated fresh ginger, 34 cup roasted pumpkin seeds], title: Pumpkin Spice Bread, picturelink: zfJoqJkTpGsRe7WyEa7euaM8T2jLB2}, 384: {instructions: Make the Cake: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a mixer fitted with a whisk attachment or using a hand mixer, whip the egg whites until foamy. Add the cream of tartar and salt and continue whipping until soft peaks form. With the mixer running, gradually add 1 cup of the sugar and continue whipping until stiff and the sugar has dissolved, about 30 seconds.nIn a small bowl, stir together the hot water and instant coffee to make coffee extract.nUsing a sieve over a large bowl, sift the remaining 12 cup sugar with the presifted cake flour 3 times, to aerate the mixture.nFold the flour mixture into the egg whites in batches then fold in the vanilla and dissolved coffee.nSpoon the batter into an ungreased 9 or 10inch tube pan and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Bake until light golden brown, about 30 to 35 minutes.nCool by turning the cake in the pan upside down, propped on top of a bottle until it cools to room temperature. Run a long, sharp knife blade, or a butter knife, around the cake to loosen, then knock the cake out onto a plate or work it out with your fingers. The outside crumb of the cake will remain in the pan exposing the white cake underneath.nMake the Glaze: Stir the ingredients together until smooth. Add more liquid if too thick or more sugar if too thin. Pour glaze over the top of the cake, letting it drip down naturally. Let glaze set until hard, at least 30 minutes before serving. Serve with vanilla frozen yogurt, so you have a cappuccino in your mouth., ingredients: [1 12 cups egg whites from about 1 dozen eggs, at room temperature, 1 14 teaspoons cream of tartar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 to 3 teaspoons hot water, 1 tablespoon instant coffee or espresso, 1 18 cup sifted cake flour, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 cup espresso, 8 ounces confectioners sugar, sifted, Serving Suggestion: Vanilla frozen yogurt], title: Coffee Angel Food Cake, picturelink: 1cQ3oXwFrwDe5yJDkdo.aqaCclKQ2g6}, 385: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nGarnish:nMix the milk, cream, peppermint extract and green food coloring together in a large liquid measuring cup and refrigerate until cold. Turn your ice cream machine on and pour in the cream mixture. Churn until the mixture looks slushy like soft serve, about 12 to 15 minutes. Stir in the chocolate morsels.nTransfer the ice cream to another container and put plastic wrap on top of the ice cream. Cover the container tightly with a lid. Freeze for several hours until firm enough to scoop.nTo assemble sundaes, scoop ice cream into 4 bowls. Top with hot fudge sauce, whipped cream, and chocolate shavings. Top with a cookie and serve.nGlaze:nMelt the chocolate and butter in a small glass bowl over a pot of simmering water. Whisk together until smooth and glossy. Remove from the heat and whisk in corn syrup and vanilla extract until smooth.nDip the cooled cookies into the glaze and remove, with a fork, to a wire rack set over a sheet tray. Allow the cookies to set for 40 minutes before serving.nWhisk together flour, cocoa powder, espresso powder, baking powder, and salt in a small bowl.nIn a large bowl, add the butter and sugar and cream together, using an electric mixer, until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs and vanilla, then slowly add the dry ingredients. Form the dough into a long 2inch thick log on parchment paper and roll tightly. Freeze for at least 4 hours to overnight.nArrange racks in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nSlice the dough into 14inch rounds and arrange them on a parchment lined baking sheet, about 1inch apart. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove and let cool for 5 minutes on the baking sheet, then remove to a wire rack. Let cool completely before glazing., ingredients: [2 cups sweetened condensed milk, chilled, 2 cups heavy whipping cream, chilled, 1 12 teaspoons peppermint extract, 18 teaspoon green food coloring, 1 cup mini morsel chocolate chips, Hot fudge sauce, Whipped cream, Shaved milk chocolate, Chocolate Dipped Cookies, recipe follows, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons corn syrup, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 2 teaspoons espresso powder, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon table salt, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream, picturelink: z90yFY1Ptsr3gROAE7iUzlNOdwNdMzy}, 386: {instructions: Trim the brisket, leaving 14 inch of fat. Lightly score the fat so the rub can sink in.nIn a medium bowl, combine the remaining ingredients except the sugar shake and thoroughly rub over the brisket. Wrap the meat in plastic and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or up to overnight. About 45 minutes before youre ready to grill, pull the brisket out of the refrigerator and let come to room temperature.nPrepare your smoker or grill for barbecuing, using the indirect heat setup with a drip pan in place, and preheat to 190 degrees F. Pour some water in the drip pan and place some presoaked wood chunks or a packet of presoaked wood chips directly on the hot coals. Oil the hot grate and place the brisket in fat side up and smoke, covered, for 1 to 1 14 hours per pound. This could take as little as 5 hours or as many as 10. You want the brisket to reach an internal temperature of 180 degrees F to 185 degrees F.nLet the brisket rest for a few minutes before cutting into it. Remember to always cut across the grain. Finish with a sprinkle of the Brisket Sugar Shake.nOnce your brisket is sliced on the plate, give it a little sprinkle with this shake to round out the rich, fatty flavor of the beef. Combine all the ingredients in a small bowl and store in an airtight container. Makes just over 1 cup., ingredients: [1 4 to 6pound brisket, untrimmed, with a thick sheath of fat, 5 tablespoons brown sugar, 5 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 4 12 teaspoons paprika, 1 12 teaspoons dry mustard, 1 tablespoon ancho chile powder, 12 teaspoon granulated onion, 14 teaspoon granulated garlic, Brisket Sugar Shake, for serving, recipe follows, 12 cup turbinado sugar, 4 12 tablespoons brownulated light brown sugar, 4 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 34 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Smoked Brisket, picturelink: null}, 387: {instructions: Divide the pie dough into two flattened discs wrap in plastic and chill.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line two cookie sheets with parchment.nWorking one disc at a time, roll out the dough into a 18inchthick rectangle on a floured work surface. Cut into 9 even rectangles, then transfer to the prepared cookie sheets and chill.nRemove one of the cookie sheets of portioned dough to a work surface. Whisk the egg and brush it evenly on the surface of the rectangles. Add 1 heaping tablespoon of the cookie dough to each rectangle. Cover with the rectangles on the second cookie sheet, pressing the edges with your fingers. With a fork, go over edges to seal and poke holes on the top to allow steam to exit. Place the assembled tarts back in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.nBake for 16 minutes, until golden brown, rotating every 5 minutes for even cooking. Let cool for 5 to 7 minutes.nIn a small bowl, mix together the powdered sugar, milk and vanilla evenly ice each tart. Sprinkle with the mini chocolate chips., ingredients: [1 pound refrigerated pie dough, 1 egg, 1 cup storebought chocolate chip cookie dough, 1 cup powdered sugar, 2 tablespoons milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 cup mini chocolate chips], title: Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Breakfast Tarts, picturelink: .BToT1v3HhSgBumt.b8avSbEoBHFn2}, 388: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat the canola oil and butter in a large ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat. When the butter melts, add the carrots, sweet potatoes, white mushrooms, zucchini, and peppers, and stir to coat. Cook until the mushrooms give up their juices, season with salt and pepper, and roast in the oven until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Remove and let cool to room temperature.nWhile the vegetables are roasting, begin the sauce. Combine the milk, onion, bay leaf, cloves, nutmeg, thyme, parsley stems, and mint stems in a heavygauge, noncorrosive saucepan over medium heat. In a separate pan create a roux by cooking the butter and flour for a few minutes, stirring continuously, without browning, until it emits a nutty aroma, and then remove from the heat. When the milk is fairly hot, pour a small amount of it into the roux, stirring until the milk is thoroughly blended in. Return this to the remaining milk, and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from heat, strain and whisk in yogurt and Parmesan cheese. Season, to taste, with white pepper, and salt if needed. Place a piece of plastic wrap on the surface and set aside.nRoll out the pastry dough and, using an appropriately sized cereal bowl or small mixing bowl as a template, cut 6 rounds 8inches in diameter.nFold roasted vegetables into the sauce and spoon the mixture evenly into 6 individual ovenproof 6inch bowls onion soup bowls are ideal for this, and brush the edges of the bowls with egg. Top each with a circle of pastry, draping the crust over the rim. Brush the tops of the pastry with the egg wash and bake at 400 degrees F until golden, about 12 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [1 tablespoon canola oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 carrots, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick rounds, 1 pound sweet potatoes 4 to 6 potatoes, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick slices, 2 cups about 6 ounces white mushrooms cleaned trimmed and cut into halves, 1 zucchini, cut into 14inch thick rounds, 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and cut brunoise julienne, then crosswise, 1 yellow bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and cut brunoise julienne, then crosswise, Salt and pepper, 1 cup milk, 1 small onion, finely chopped, 1 bay leaf, 3 whole cloves, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 large sprig thyme, 4 parsley stems, 4 mint stems, 1 12 teaspoons unsalted butter, 1 12 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup yogurt, 14 cup grated Parmesan, White pepper, Salt, if needed, 6 sheets puff pastry dough these are often sold in 17 or 18ounce packages containing 2 9 or 10inch square sheets of puff pastry, 2 eggs, beaten], title: V12 Vegetable Pot Pie, picturelink: CCy.JLQtQ2EMlgKZgH3nYOIJwzWEm}, 389: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Lavishly grease a cookie sheet or preferably cover it with parchment paper.nMelt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a large saucepan. Add the optional onion and cook for about 5 minutes, until its translucent. Add the rice and chicken broth. Bring to a boil and cook for 15 minutes, or until the rice had absorbed all the broth. Cook to lukewarm, then season to taste with pepper and stir in the optional parsley.nMeanwhile, melt the rest of the butter in a small saucepan. Put 1 filo sheet in front of you and brush it lavishly with melted butter. Repeat this brushing process, using plenty of butter, stacking the sheets, until all the sheets have been used.nCarefully spread the cooled rice over the filo sheets, leaving a 2inch border all around. Top the rice with the turkey and the turkey with the cheeses.nSlide your hand under a short end of the filo stack and lift up approximately 3 inches of it. Fold this over once, as if you were making the first fold in a business letter. Fold the long sides over to seal the filling. Continue folding until the strudel is all rolled up.nPlace the strudel on the cookie sheet seam side down. With a sharp knife, make several slashes in the top to let out the steam. Bale for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the strudel is well browned and crisplooking. Some of the filling may leak out onto the pan, but dont worry about that. Let the strudel stand for 5 minutes before you slice it with a sharp knife., ingredients: [1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, divided, 1 large onion, finely chopped, optional, 34 cup raw rice, 1 12 cups chicken broth, Pepper, to taste, 14 cup minced fresh parsley, optional, 10 sheets filo dough read the box carefully for defrosting instructions, 4 ounces smoked turkey, cut into fine strips, 4 ounces Swiss cheese, grated about 1 cup, 4 ounces cheddar, grated about 1 cup], title: TurkeyandCheese RollUp, picturelink: null}, 390: {instructions: Salmon is a really unique fish that we often take for granted. Everyone smothers it with heavy sauces or encrusts it with this and that...which is fine. But why not enjoy the fish for what it is from time to time So, simply season the salmon fillet with a nice sprinkle of salt and coarse ground pepper, both sides. Rub the fillet with a small amount of olive oil. Grill or pan sear the salmon until just medium rare or medium, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. The saying is, you dont cook salmon, you should merely threaten itnIn a skillet over high heat, heat the butter until nearly smoking. Add the shiitakes and leeks and cook on high heat until the edges just begin to brown, about 4 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nTo serve, simply spoon the mushroomleek mixture onto salmon. Serve with a side of spinach spaetzle and a simple red pepper compound butter., ingredients: [8ounce salmon fillet, pin bones removed, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 34 cup sliced shiitake mushrooms, stems removed, 14 cup sliced leeks, white portion only], title: Salt and Pepper Salmon with Shiitakes and Leeks, picturelink: null}, 391: {instructions: Place the wine in a saucepan and reduce by 34. Add, shallots, peppercorns, bay leaf, thyme and demiglace. Simmer for 15 to 20 minutes and strain. Swirl in 2 ounces of butter. Use as a sauce over your meat of choice., ingredients: [1 cup dry red wine, 2 ounces shallots, chopped, 14 teaspoon crushed peppercorns, 12 bay leaf, 1 pinch thyme, 1 quart demiglace, 2 ounces butter], title: Bordelaise Sauce, picturelink: null}, 392: {instructions: Preheat oven to 200 degrees F.nRinse potatoes under hot tap water and drain well. Dry the potatoes between several sheets of paper towels.nIn a 12inch skillet over medium heat, add the oil and heat to 360 degrees F. Add the potatoes and fry until golden brown and crisp. Drain the fries on a baking sheet lined with a paper grocery bag or paper towels and sprinkle with salt, to taste. Keep the fries warm in oven until ready to serve. Transfer the potatoes to a serving bowl and serve with Creamy Ketchup Dipping Sauce, ingredients: [4 russet potatoes, rinsed, peeled, and cut into 14inch thick sticks, 1 12 cups canola oil, Salt, 14 cup creamy ketchup reserved from Fast Food Cheese Burgers recipe], title: Fresh Cut French Fries with Creamy Ketchup, picturelink: null}, 393: {instructions: Make the White Soda Bread with Herbs dough. Stamp into scones, brush with egg wash and dip into grated cheddar cheese. Bake for 20 minutes in a 450 degree oven.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees.nIn a mixing bowl sift together 1 pound flour, 12 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon baking soda. Make a well in the center. Pour most of the milk into the well. Using one hand, mix in the flour from sides of the bowl, adding more milk if necessary. The dough should be softish, not too wet and sticky. When it all comes together, turn the dough onto a wellfloured counter. Wash and dry hands. Knead lightly for 1 second, just to tidy it up, flip over. Pat dough into a round about 112 inches deep and cut a cross into dough over the sides of the bread to let the fairies out. Bake in preheated 450 degree oven for 15 minutes, then turn down the oven to 400 degrees for another 30 minutes or until cooked. If in doubt, tap the bottom of the bread, it should sound hollow.nAdd fresh herbs to dry ingredients of white soda bread dough and proceed making dough as above. Shape into loaf or scones and bake as for soda bread. If making scones bake for 20 minutes in a 450 degree oven., ingredients: [1 recipe White Soda Bread with Herbs, recipe follows, 1 cup grated mature Cheddar cheese, Egg wash, 1 egg and 1 teaspoon milk, whisked together, 1 pound white unbleached flour, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 to 14 ounces buttermilk, 1 recipe White Soda Bread dough, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh herbs, e.g. rosemary or sage, thyme, chives, parsley], title: Herb and Cheese Scones, picturelink: null}, 394: {instructions: Place a large pot of water on the stove and bring to a boil. Salt the water and cook gemelli to al dente with a bite to it, about 9 minutes.nGrind drained roasted peppers in a food processor.nHeat a large skillet over moderate heat. Add extra virgin olive oil, garlic, and shallots to the pan. Saute garlic and shallots 3 minutes, stir in roasted peppers. Saute pepper paste 2 minutes, stir in wine or chicken stock, reduce liquid for 1 or 2 minutes. Stir in tomatoes and parsley. Season sauce with salt and pepper and simmer until ready to serve.nToss hot pasta with sauce and transfer to a serving dish. Pass grated Romano and crusty bread at table., ingredients: [1 pound gemelli pasta thin twists, 1 16ounce jar roasted peppers, drained, 2 tablespoons 2 turns around the pan in a slow stream extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine or chicken stock, 1 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, A handful chopped flatleaf parsley, Salt and pepper, Grated Romano, as an accompaniment, Crusty bread, as an accompaniment], title: Gemelli with Roasted Red Pepper Sauce, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 395: {instructions: For the glacage paradis: Bring the cream to a boil. Pour the cream on top of the dark chocolate. Mix gently. In a saucepan, bring 8 34 ounces water and the superfine sugar to a boil. Add the cocoa powder and the double cream, then bring back to a boil. Delicately mix the dark chocolate and the cocoa powder mixtures together. Refrigerate for 24 hours.nFor the dacquoise: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F190 degrees C. Mix together the ground hazelnut and the confectioners sugar. In a separate bowl, whisk the egg whites using a hand mixer. When the egg whites have doubled in volume, add in the superfine sugar. Delicately incorporate the hazelnut mixture. Smooth into a circle on a baking tray covered in parchment paper. Sprinkle with confectioners sugar and bake for 10 minutes. Leave to cool. Then cut the dacquoise the bottom of the cake pan.nFor the praline: Preheat the oven to 320 degrees F 160 degrees C. Roast the hazelnuts then add them to the granulated sugar, in a blender. Blend until smooth, at least 5 minutes.nFor the feuillantine: Fill a pot with an inch or so of water. Bring to a boil and place a nonreactive bowl over the top to create a doubleboiler. Melt the white chocolate and 14 18 ounces400 grams of the praline together. Then add the biscuits and mix well.nFor the chocolate mousse: Whisk the cream to stiff peaks. Melt 9 12 ounces270 g of glacage to liquid but still cold. Whisk the liquid glacage into the cream. Reserve the remaining glacage in the refrigerator.nTo assemble, place the dacquoise disk at the bottom of the cake pan. Fill with the chocolate mousse. Place the feuillantine in a very thin layer on top. Leave in the freezer for a minimum of 5 hours.nHeat the remaining glacage to 104 degrees F40 degrees C in a double boiler. Two hours before serving, remove the cake pan from the freezer and remove the cake from the pan. Immediately cover the whole cake with the glacage. Enjoy., ingredients: [Glacage Paradis:, 26 12 ounces750 g cream, 29 14 ounces830 g dark chocolate, 7 ounces200 g superfine sugar, 3 ounces85 g cocoa powder, 3 ounces85 g double cream, Hazelnut Dacquoise:, 4 13 ounces125 g ground hazelnuts, 4 13 ounces125 g confectioners sugar, 3 12 ounces100 g egg whites, 1 34 ounces50 g superfine sugar, plus more for sprinkling, Praline:, 12 13 ounces350 g hazelnuts, 5 14 ounces150 g granulated sugar, Feuillantine Mix:, 3 12 ounces100 g white chocolate, 7 ounces200 g fine biscuits, such as Gavottes, Chocolate Mousse:, 8 18 ounces230 g cream], title: Louis XV au Croustillant de Pralin, picturelink: null}, 396: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a mixing glass with ice. Stir and strain over fresh ice with a highball glass., ingredients: [34 ounce Grey Goose Orange, 12 ounce Crem de Violette, 14 ounce St. Germain, 3 ounces champagne, 2 dashes orange bitters, 2 dash lavender bitter], title: Violet Femmes, picturelink: InK4lsODpkB3mvcZJAVllFUa47HIslm}, 397: {instructions: Preheat the oven for 350 degrees F.nTo make the crab stuffing: Combine the crab, crackers, scallions, pepper, mayonnaise, egg, Worcestershire sauce, mustard, lemon, and garlic. Season the stuffing with salt and pepper and mix well. Set the stuffing aside.nUsing a paring knife, slice the shrimp down the backs and remove and discard the veins. Deepen the incisions if necessary, then spoon stuffing into each shrimp. Wrap each stuffed shrimp with bacon and arrange them in a large baking dish.nTo make the pesto: pulse the basil, walnuts, cheese, and garlic together in a food processor or grind in a mortar then gradually incorporate the oil. Adjust the seasoning with lemon juice and set aside.nTo make the roux: Heat the butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the flour, and cook, stirring, until the mixture, although still pale, looks dryer and no longer smells raw, about 5 minutes. Remove the roux from the heat.nTransfer the shrimp to the oven and roast until the bacon begins to render and brown, about 10 minutes. Flip the shrimp and roast on the second side until the shrimp are opaque, 5 to 10 minutes more.nMeanwhile make the lemon basil cream: Heat the oil and butter in a small skillet over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic and cook, stirring frequently, until the mixture is fragrant and golden, about 7 minutes. Add the wine and simmer for 5 minutes then add the cream. Simmer until the sauce has reduced by half. Add the lemon juice and pesto, then whisk in the roux a tablespoon at a time use just enough to thicken the sauce. Keep the sauce warm over very low heat.nArrange the shrimp on 4 warm plates and serve with lemon basil cream sauce on the side., ingredients: [1 pound lump crabmeat, picked clean, 12 butter crackers, crushed recommended: Ritz, 3 scallions, tops and whites finely chopped, 12 red bell pepper, finely chopped, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 egg, beaten, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 12 lemon, juiced, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon table salt, Pinch cayenne pepper, 16 large shrimp, peeled, 16 slices bacon, 2 lightly packed cups fresh basil, 1 cup walnuts, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon minced fresh garlic, 1 cup olive oil, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 8 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 teaspoon minced onion, 1 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 cup heavy cream, 3 tablespoons pesto see recipe above, 1 teaspoon roux see recipe above], title: Bacon Wrapped Crab Stuffed Shrimp with Lemon Basil Cream, picturelink: null}, 398: {instructions: Put the ham in a large stockpot, and fill the pot with enough cold water to cover the ham. Bring the water to 170 to 180 degrees F below the boil if boiled, the ham will crack open at the joint. Cook at that temperature for 3 hours, then let cool in the cooking water.nWhen ready to proceed with the recipe, remove the ham from the water. With a knife, remove the skin from the ham, and trim the surface of the meat where it is brown and skinlike around the shank bone. To make carving easier later, remove the pelvis or hipbone by running a knife around it. When the skin has been removed, trim off all but a thin layer of white fat from the surface of the ham.nRun the point of your knife in a crisscross pattern through the remaining fat on the top of the ham, cutting slightly into the surface of the meat. This scoring will help the glaze adhere to the meat while it cooks. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a small bowl, mix the preserves, pepper, mustard, balsamic vinegar, and allspice together.nSpread the glaze coating on the top surface of the ham, place it in a roasting pan, and bake in the 350 degree F oven for 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 325 degrees F, and continue cooking the ham for 1 hour. Sprinkle the powdered sugar on top, and cook for another 30 minutes, until nicely glazed. Transfer the ham to a platter, and set it aside in a warm place while you make the peach sauce. Discard the accumulated fat in the roasting pan, and add the 1 cup of water to the drippings in the pan, stirring to loosen and mix in the solidified juices. Add the demiglace, and bring to a boil. Reserve for use in peach sauce.nFor the peach sauce: Heat the butter in two large skillets, 2 tablespoons of butter per skillet. When it is hot, add half of the peach wedges to each skillet, and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Sprinkle with the sugar, dividing it between the skillets, and continue cooking for 3 to 4 minutes longer. Add the dried peach julienne and the vinegar, half to each skillet, and stir to mix. Combine the contents of both skillets in one saucepan. Strain the reserved demiglace mixture over the peaches, and stir in the salt. If the sauce is thinner than you would like, add the dissolved potato starch, and bring to a boil. Boil 1 or 2 minutes. At serving time, stir in the basil.nTo make carving easier, make a vertical cut down into the ham approximately 1inch above the shank bone. The object is to make a guard that your knife will not go beyond when you slice the ham this will give a clean bottom edge to the slices and also protect your hand from the knife in case it happens to slide while you are slicing the meat. Slice the ham on the bias, stopping at the cut edge, and arrange the meat on a warm platter. Serve 3 or 4 slices of ham per person with few slices of the peaches and the sauce spooned around and over the meat., ingredients: [1 fully cooked ham 16 to 17 pounds, 12 cup peach preserves, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons dried mustard, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 1 cup water, for deglazing drippings from baked ham, 3 cups demiglace, store bought, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 3 pounds large ripe peaches about 10, each pitted but not peeled and cut into 8 wedges, 13 cup sugar, 4 ounces dried peaches, cut into 12inch slices, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 4 cups combined demiglace and deglazed drippings, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon potato starch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water for thickening, if needed, 1 cup julienned basil leaves], title: Ham Georgia with Peach Garnish, picturelink: HOj6Xmuf2LpzPoW8hlhkQztGN0ABH3q}, 399: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nIn a blender mix the lemon juice, lime juice, garlic, cilantro, salt, and cumin, until well combined and a paste forms. Place the pork in a large roasting pan and rub the paste all over pork. Place the roasting pan in the oven and roast the pork for 4 hours. Remove the pork and let sit for 10 minutes. Once a bit cooled, using 2 forks, pull the pork into shreds.nHeat the tortillas on stove for 30 seconds each side. Spread mustard on each warmed tortilla, add some pulled pork, a slice of ham, a slice of Swiss cheese, some pickles, lettuce, and a slice of tomato. Wrap up the tortilla and serve., ingredients: [Juice of 8 lemons, Juice of 8 limes, 12 cloves garlic, 1 bunch fresh cilantro sprigs, 2 cups kosher salt, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 8pound pork shoulder butt, 2 ounces freshly ground black pepper, 12 whole wheat tortillas, Yellow mustard, to taste, 12 pound sliced ham, 1 pound sliced Swiss cheese, Pickles, to taste, 1 head lettuce, finely chopped, 2 tomatoes, sliced], title: Cuban Sandwich Wrap, picturelink: IJj1TF9Gx16Nvo7vfSzVQnTcUal2Uye}, 400: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the crown roast: Mix the garlic and rosemary with the mustard and olive oil in a small bowl. Rub the pork with the mixture and marinate overnight.nThe next day, rub the excess marinade off the pork. Tie both ends of the rack together by the bones to create a circle or crown. Put the rosemary and sage sprigs on a sheet tray, and place the pork crown on top of the herbs.nPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nFor the Italian sausage and cornbread stuffing: Heat the olive oil over a mediumhigh flame in a large Dutch oven until hot. Brown the sausage, then add the carrots, celery and onions. Cook over a medium flame, stirring constantly. Season with salt and pepper. When the vegetables are lightly browned, add the nutmeg and allspice and cook for 1 more minute. Add the cornbread and scallions, followed by the apples, currants and sage. Moisten the stuffing with the chicken stock as needed, just until it is moist but not mushy or falling apart. Season with salt and pepper.nSeason the rack with salt and pepper. Stuff the stuffing into the center until the filling comes to the point of the meat meeting the bone. Roast until caramelized, 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 degrees F and cook until the center of the pork registers 155 degrees F, another 2 hours.nFor the dijonnaise: Meanwhile, heat the cream in a saucepan over medium heat until reduced by half. Whisk in the apples, mustard and sage. Season with salt and pepper.nSet the meat aside to rest for at least 10 minutes, and spoon the stuffing into a bowl. Slice the meat and serve with the dijonnaise., ingredients: [2 tablespoons finely minced garlic, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh rosemary, plus whole sprigs, for roasting the pork, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, One 12bone pork rack, chine bone removed, Fresh sage sprigs, for roasting the pork, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup ground sweet Italian sausage, 12 cup finely chopped carrots, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped onions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon allspice, 3 cups diced cornbread 12inch pieces, 12 cup finely chopped scallions, 12 cup finely chopped apples, 12 cup currants, 2 tablespoons finely minced fresh sage, 2 cups chicken stock less or more depending on your preference, hot, 6 cups heavy cream, 12 cup finely minced apples, 14 cup Dijon mustard, 1 sprig fresh sage, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Stuffed Crown Roast of Pork, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 401: {instructions: Place watermelon chunks in blender and blend briefly to coarse puree. Measure sieved puree it should have yielded 3 cups.nCombine sugar and water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower heat and simmer 1 minute. Let cool completely and combine with watermelon puree and lemon juice. Pour mixture in 8x12 metal pan and place in refrigerator. When completely chilled, cover pan, move to freezer and freeze 30 minutes. Stir mixture with fork, scraping down sides well to loosen ice crystals that have formed. Freeze another 30 minutes and repeat scraping and stirring. Repeat several times, or for a total of 23 hours, until mixture ice evenly icy and crystalled throughout. Serve within 68 hours., ingredients: [4 pounds watermelon, peeled, chunked and seeded to yield about 45 cups flesh, 34 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 3 tablespoons lemon juice], title: Watermelon Granita, picturelink: null}, 402: {instructions: For the syrup: In a medium saucepan, bring the Prosecco, sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, star anise, and cinnamon stick to a boil, stirring occasionally, over mediumhigh heat, until the sugar has dissolved. Reduce the heat and simmer for 35 minutes until the mixture has reduced by half. Add the mangoes and raspberries to the syrup and allow the mixture to cool for 1 12 hours. Using a slotted spoon, remove the fruit and spoon into serving bowls. Discard the cinnamon stick and star anise. Pour the syrup into a pitcher. Refrigerate the fruit and syrup until ready to serve.nWhipped cream: For the cream: In a medium bowl, using an electric hand mixer, beat the cream at high speed until thick. Add the sugar and continue to beat until the cream holds stiff peaks. Add the lemon zest and mix until just combined.nTo serve: Put a dollop of cream on top of the fruit and drizzle each dish with the Prosecco syrup., ingredients: [1 750ml bottle Prosecco, 12 cup sugar, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 2 star anise, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 large, ripe mangoes, peeled, seeded and cut into 12inch pieces or 1 12ounce bag frozen mango, thawed, 2 cups 8 ounces raspberries, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons powdered sugar, 1 lemon, zested], title: Mangoes and Raspberries in Prosecco Syrup, picturelink: null}, 403: {instructions: Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, milk, blackberries, egg, sugar, and lemon juice in a medium bowl. Refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Once removed, begin to heat the oil to 325 degrees F. With an ice cream scoop or spoon, carefully drop the beignet batter into the oil and fry until golden brown and crispy. Remove from the oil, and drain on a paper towel to absorb the oil. Serve in a stacked pyramid on a plate and dust with powdered sugar. Garnish with candied pecans., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, plus more if needed, 1 pint blackberries, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Oil, for frying, 12 cup powdered sugar, Candied pecans, for garnish], title: Blackberry Beignet, picturelink: null}, 404: {instructions: Make two cocktails at once using this method: In a cockatil shaker, muddle the grapes and fresh basil . Then add the vodka, citrus juices, Orange Blossom Honey, ice to fill and shake. Serve in 2 big wine glasess over fresh ice cubes. Top off with California sparkling wine and garnish with 3 grapes on a skewer and a fresh basil leaf.nAdd the honey and hot water together. Mix well., ingredients: [8 Sonomavariety grapes, plus more for garnishing, 4 fresh basil leaves, plus more for garnishing, 3 ounces vodka, 2 ounces grapefruit juice, 2 ounces Meyer lemon juice, 2 ounces Orange Blossom Honey Syrup, recipe follows, Ice, California sparkling wine, as needed, 1 ounce orange blossom honey, 1 ounce water], title: Sonoma Coolers, picturelink: qsUdPWkuF58ylrGTOb4OhQu9WIwgg2}, 405: {instructions: Bring one 15ounce can Guinness or other stout beer and 12 cup sugar to a simmer in a saucepan over low heat and cook until syrupy, about 40 minutes. Whisk in 3 tablespoons diced cold butter. Drizzle the Guinness caramel over vanilla or butter pecan ice cream and serve with shortbread cookies.nPhotograph by Marcus Nilsson, ingredients: [], title: Guinness Sundaes, picturelink: 4wieJMehpkIRJ77mRlemoguAQL2u1S}, 406: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nMix drained peaches with ginger. Place sliced peaches in small ramekins or oven safe bowls.nCombine butter and sugar with a fork, then mix butter and sugar with granola cereal. Fold in beaten egg white. Mound the topping on top of the peaches in each ramekin. Place ramekins on a small baking sheet and bake 10 to 12 minutes. Remove and cool cobbler while you enjoy dinner.nAfter dinner, serve warm quick cobbler with prepared whipped cream., ingredients: [2 can sliced peaches in syrup, drained, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 2 tablespoons softened butter, 4 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 cup granola cereal with raisins and nuts, 2 egg whites, beaten, Store bought whipped real cream in canister, from dairy aisle], title: Quick Ginger Peach Cobbler, picturelink: null}, 407: {instructions: Combine 14 ounces pearflavored vodka, 12 ounce green melon liqueur preferably Midori and the juice of 12 lemon in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake, then strain into a chilled short glass. Garnish with a lime twist and a lemon wedge., ingredients: [], title: The Money Maker, picturelink: zCjPfreTn4CWDS1RrrDC6cBG6Ff.J7m}, 408: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the chili: Heat the oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Pat the meat dry and add to the hot oil. Brown and crumble the meat until it is evenly caramelized. Add the chili powder and some salt and pepper. Stir. Add the garlic and onions cook to soften, 7 to 8 minutes. Then add the beef stock, ketchup, Worcestershire, mustard and hot sauce, to taste. Stir in the beans and reduce the heat to keep the chili at a simmer. Cook to thicken, partially covered, about 20 minutes. Cool and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat. Stir frequently. For the cheeseburger sauce: Melt the butter in a sauce pot over medium heat. Whisk in the flour, cook 1 minute, then add the milk. Season the sauce with salt and pepper and thicken to coat back of spoon. Stir in the cheese in a figureeight motion. Once the cheese has melted, stir in the relish and raw onions, taste the sauce for seasoning. Cool and store. Reheat over mediumlow heat, partially covered, stirring frequently. Alternatively, reheat in a microwave oven, partially covered, stirring occasionally until evenly hot through, 2 12 to 3 minutes on high. Serve the chili in shallow bowls, topped with Easy Oven Fries or chips, cheese sauce and onions.nWhile the chili and sauce are heating up, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Place the oven rack in center of the oven. Cut the potatoes into planks lengthwise, then into thin sticks. Arrange the fries on a large baking sheet and spray evenly with cooking spray. Season the potatoes with salt and pepper. Bake 10 to 12 minutes. Then switch the broiler to high and cook until crisp, 10 to 15 minutes more, turning once., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 pounds ground beef chuck for a more buttery flavored beef chili, sirloin for lean steaklike flavor, 3 tablespoons chili powder such as Gebhardts Chili Powder, or ancho chile powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 onions, finely chopped, 2 cups beef stock, 12 cup organic ketchup, such as Heinz, 14 cup Worcestershire sauce, 14 cup yellow mustard, such as Ploughmans or Frenchs, One 14ounce can red kidney beans, drained, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons flour, 1 12 cups milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups shredded mild yellow Cheddar, 14 cup dill pickle relish, 12 small white or yellow onion, finely chopped 14 to 13 cup, Easy Oven Fries, recipe follows, Ripple potato chips, Chopped raw onions, 3 large starchy potatoes, scrubbed and dried, Olive oil cooking spray, Kosher salt and coarse black pepper], title: Cheeseburger Chili, picturelink: r7pKOev1cLOZHbobt65TGQ7XWJ17UbO}, 409: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 cup almond or cherry wood chips, soaked for 30 minutesnWhisk together the oils, garlic and rosemary in a large baking dish. Add the steaks and turn to coat in the marinade. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour and up to 12 hours. Remove the steaks from the refrigerator 30 minutes before grilling and let sit at room temperature.nHeat a grill to high heat for direct grilling. Add the soaked wood chips to the charcoal or put the wood chips in a smoker box and add to a gas grill. Close the lid and let heat for 5 minutes. Remove the steaks from the marinade and pat dry. Sprinkle both sides liberally with the salt and pepper. Grill until charred on both sides and cooked to mediumrare doneness, 5 to 6 minutes per side. Remove from the grill, drizzle with a little of the BalsamicRosemary Steak Sauce and let rest 5 minutes before slicing.nWhile steaks are grilling, brush the Treviso with canola oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill until slightly charred on all sides and just beginning to wilt. Transfer to a platter, fan out the leaves, drizzle with a little balsamic, extravirgin olive oil and crumble over the gorgonzola. Top with slices of the steak and drizzle with more steak sauce. Garnish with parsley leaves.nCombine the balsamic vinegar, garlic and rosemary in a small saucepan and cook over high heat until reduced by half, about 10 minutes. Remove the rosemary and let cool to room temperature.nPlace the peppers, honey, horseradish, molasses, red wine vinegar, Worcestershire sauce and some of the cooled balsamic mixture in a blender. Blend until smooth. Season with the salt and pepper. Taste, and add more of the balsamic reduction as desired.nYield: 3 cups., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more drizzling, 2 tablespoons olive, plus more drizzling, 8 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh rosemary, 2 porterhouse steaks, about 2 pounds each and 1 12inches thick, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, BalsamicRosemary Steak Sauce, recipe follows, 2 heads Treviso, Balsamic vinegar, for drizzling, 4 ounces crumbled gorgonzola, Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 1 sprig fresh rosemary, 3 large red bell peppers, grilled, peeled, seeded and diced, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, 1 tablespoon molasses, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper], title: Bistecca alla Florentine with BalsamicRosemary Steak Sauce and Grilled Treviso with Gorgonzola, picturelink: 2rw5uYlnreb8BsLWyPPdcnK3pHG5as.}, 410: {instructions: Brush a 9 by 13inch baking sheet with 1 tablespoon olive oil and set aside.nIn a medium sauce pot bring chicken broth to a boil over medium heat. Add the salt, pepper and polenta and whisk until thick about 4 minutes. Stir in the Parmesan and pour out into the prepared baking sheet, spreading into a smooth layer. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate to set up, about 1 hour. This can also be done the night before.nIn a medium sauce pot combine all the relish ingredients. Cover and cook over medium heat for 30 minutes. Remove the cover and cook for another 30 minutes until thick. Cool to room temperature and transfer to a bowl. This will keep, up to 2 weeks, refrigerated in a sealed container.nPreheat the oven to 225 degrees F.nAdd the remaining tablespoon of olive oil to a large skillet over medium heat. Add the sausage and cook until brown on all sides, about 10 minutes. Transfer to a baking dish and put in the preheated oven to keep warm.nWhile the sausage is cooking, add the canola oil to a large skillet and heat over medium high heat, around 350 degrees F. Remove the polenta from the refrigerator and cut into 1 12 by 1 12inch squares. Fry the polenta squares in batches until lightly browned and crispy about 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towels. Arrange the polenta on a serving platter.nSlice the sausage into 12inch thick slices and put on top of the fried polenta squares. Top with a bit of red pepper relish and garnish with a fresh parsley leaf., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, divided, 3 cups chicken broth, 1 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup quickcooking polenta, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan, 1 pound spicy Italian sausage, 2 cups canola oil, Fresh parsley leaves, for garnish, 2 small red peppers, small dice, 1 medium onion, small dice, 34 cup white vinegar, 2 teaspoon mustard seeds, 14 cup sugar, plus 2 tablespoons, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup water], title: Polenta with Spicy Sausage and Red Pepper Relish, picturelink: null}, 411: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees and set rack to middle position.nIn a small saucepan melt the butter over moderately high heat, stir in the crumbs, and divide the mixture among four paper lined 12 cup muffin tins, patting the mixture to form a crust. Bakenthe crusts for 5 minutes and let them cool on a rack for 5 minutes.nIn a bowl with an electric mixture beat together the cream cheese, 14 cup of the sugar, vanilla, almond extract and a pinch of salt until the mixture is combined well, beat in the egg, beating until the batter is combined well, and divide the batter among the tins. The batter will fill the tins. Bake cakes for 20 minutes, or until they are set, and let them cool on a rack for 10 minutes.nWhile cheesecakes are baking, in a small heavy saucepan combine blueberries with the remaining sugar, and water, bring the mixture to a boil and simmer it, stirring occasionally for 3 minutes. Stir in the cornstarch mixture add it to the blueberries with the lemon juice, and simmer the mixture, stirring for 2 minutes.Discard the paper liners, invert the cheesecakes onto plates, and spoon the sauce around them., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 14 cup graham cracker crumbs, 34 cup cream cheese, softened, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 teaspoon vanilla, 14 teaspoon almond extract, 1 large egg, 1 cup blueberries, picked over, 13 cup water, 2 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water, Fresh lemon juice to taste], title: Warm UpsideDown Cheesecakes with Blueberry Sauce, picturelink: null}, 412: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large heavy pot over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add the carrots, celery and onions and season with 1 teaspoon salt and 34 teaspoon pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are golden, about 12 minutes. Stir in the flour, and then whisk in the broth and milk and bring to a boil, whisking. Boil until slightly thickened, about 3 minutes. Stir in the chicken. Transfer to a 2quart baking dish.nPulse the tots in a food processor with the thyme until medium ground. Scatter over the top of the casserole and bake until the filling is bubbling and the topping is golden and crisp, 20 to 25 minutes. Let stand 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 carrots, cut into 12inch thick rounds, 2 stalks celery, cut into 14inch halfmoons, 1 onion, chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups chicken broth, 1 cup whole milk, 4 cups shredded cooked chicken, 3 cups frozen tater tots, thawed, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves], title: Chicken and Tater Tot Casserole, picturelink: R71m9C3kO.KESO8EQOnx9PJXt4jN16}, 413: {instructions: Special equipment: Mandoline, 8inch nonstick saute pannPreheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWorking 1 potato at a time, slice very thin on the mandoline. It is important to work with purpose here quickly because the potatoes will discolor. Do not put the potatoes in water because this will wash the starch off the potatoes. Coat an 8inch nonstick saute pan with olive oil, using the potato slices starting from the center make concentric circles of potatoes. Remember that eventually the bottom will be the top so it is important for the first circles of potatoes to look pretty. Brush each layer with olive oil and every 2nd or 3rd layer sprinkle liberally with grated Parmigiano and salt. After every layer of potatoes press the potatoes so they are very compact. Repeat this process with the remaining 2 potatoes.nPlace the pan of potatoes over medium heat and cook until the olive oil begins to sizzle and the potatoes begin to brown on the bottom. Put the pan in the preheated oven and bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Remove the pan from the oven and place a tight fitting lid on the pan. Drain the excess oil out the side of the pan. THIS STEP IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT After the excess oil has been drained, completely flip the pan so the cake is turned out onto the bottom of the lid, then slide the cake off the lid back into the pan so the brown side of the cake is now up and the top becomes the bottom. We see now why draining the excess oil is important if you attempt this without draining the oil it will drain out on your wrist and burn you.nReturn the cake to the oven and bake for another 10 to 15 minutes or until the cake is fork tender. Cut into wedges and serve., ingredients: [3 russet potatoes, scrubbed clean, Extravirgin olive oil, 34 cup grated Parmigiano, Kosher salt], title: Pommes Chef Anne, picturelink: aXUeIQxZnmPGqnLnuCqOFvfo9rewIHC}, 414: {instructions: In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt butter. Add the vegetables and saute for 4 to 5 minutes. Season with the salt, black pepper and cayenne. Stir in the cream and add the cooked wild rice and the mustard. Combine well and reduce the heat. Simmer until the cream has thickened, about 5 to 7 minutes. Adjust seasoning, if necessary, stir in the parsley and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups cooked wild rice, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon small diced carrot, 1 tablespoon small diced celery, 1 tablespoon small diced onion, 1 tablespoon small diced red bell pepper, 2 tablespoons small diced crimini mushrooms, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon chopped Italian parsley leaves], title: Creamy Wild Rice, picturelink: s69TgN5rt272mXHa6rf9IZdbi4FgyYW}, 415: {instructions: Whisk the cream cheese, sour cream, milk and confectioners sugar until smooth in a medium bowl set aside.nSift the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and 12 teaspoon salt into a large bowl. Beat the eggs and granulated sugar in a medium bowl until pale yellow beat in the buttermilk, melted butter, food coloring, vanilla and vinegar. Add the egg mixture to the flour mixture and fold just until incorporated.nHeat a griddle or large nonstick skillet over mediumlow heat. Lightly coat the hot skillet with melted butter. Pour 14cupfuls of batter on the hot skillet, spaced evenly apart use a spatula to spread out slightly if needed. Cook until bubbles begin to pop on the surface, about 3 minutes. Carefully flip and cook until the bottoms are set and the pancakes are cooked through, 1 to 2 minutes longer. Repeat with the remaining batter.nTo serve, drizzle the cream cheese and syrup on top of the pancakes and sprinkle with pecans., ingredients: [4 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature, 14 cup sour cream, 3 tablespoons whole milk, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, 2 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon unsweetened cocoa powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, Fine salt, 2 large eggs, 34 cup granulated sugar, 1 14 cups buttermilk, 12 cup melted and cooled unsalted butter, plus more for griddle, 2 teaspoons red food coloring, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon apple cider vinegar, Maple syrup, for serving, Toasted, chopped pecans, for serving], title: Red Velvet Pancakes, picturelink: XSpYpNPFD85l5zIqqmcMIe1WZd1APEa}, 416: {instructions: Arrange the cheeses together on 1 very large platter, or separately on small platters. Drizzle the honey around the Gorgonzola cheese. Arrange some of the fresh and dried fruits, nuts, and bread on the large cheese platter. Arrange the rest of the fruit and nuts on another platter. Serve, allowing guests to compose their own assortment of cheese, fruit, nuts, and bread on their plate., ingredients: [1 wedge about 8 ounces ParmigianoReggiano, 1 wedge about 8 ounces Fontina or Taleggio, 1 wedge about 6 ounces Gorgonzola, 1 tablespoon honey, 8 fresh figs, quartered, 1 cluster seedless red grapes, 1 cluster seedless green grapes, 1 cup dates, 1 cup dried apricots, 1 cup whole shelled walnuts or pecans, toasted, 1 loaf ciabatta, sliced], title: Cheese Course, picturelink: Fje84oh87tbBswv7XY7qYnteJETo5Si}, 417: {instructions: Special equipment: hickory, oak, andor maple wood chunks or chips smokernAdd hickory, oak, and maple chunks or chips to your smoker. Refer to the directions for your smoker to determine the correct amount of chips for the meat and for lighting instructions. When the chips are ready, add the pork and smoke it for 2 to 2 12 hours at 250 degrees F. Remove the pork and wrap it in heavyduty aluminum foil. Preheat the oven to 225 degrees F. Cook the pork for 6 to 8 hours or until the meat is tender and falls apart when the bone is removed. Chop the pork coarsely and mix in salt and Barbecue Sauce, to taste. Serve with more Barbecue Sauce on the side.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the vinegar, red pepper, garlic, and salt over high heat. Bring to a boil and then reduce the heat to mediumhigh. Boil for 15 to 20 minutes and then remove from the heat. Let cool then add the black pepper., ingredients: [1 fresh pork butt, bonein this is the butt, or top portion, of the shoulder, Kosher salt, Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons crushed red pepper, 12 tablespoon chopped fresh garlic, 12 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Eastern North Carolina Barbecue, picturelink: IZVwFj82TEDVurDpVNRcl44Xjk5sqS2}, 418: {instructions: Combine the lemon juice, olive oil, vinegar, seafood seasoning, dill, parsley, mustard, chile, garlic, lemon slices and onion in a large bowl, toss together and set aside.nIn a large pot of boiling water, add the kosher salt. Add the shrimp and cook just until they begin to turn pink and float to the top, about 2 minutes. Drain and immediately add them to the pickling liquid.nLet stand for 5 to 10 minutes at room temperature and then serve. Or refrigerate until you are ready to serve them.nServe with Lemon Chive Aioli for dipping.nCombine the mayonnaise, lemon juice, chives, lemon zest and garlic in a small mixing bowl and whisk until fully combined. Serve alongside the pickled shrimp., ingredients: [12 cup fresh lemon juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning recommended: Old Bay, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh dill, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon whole grain mustard, 1 large Fresno chile, thinly sliced, 4 cloves garlic, grated or pressed, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 1 medium red onion, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 pounds medium shrimp, tail on, shells removed, deveined, Lemon Chive Aioli, recipe follows, 23 cup mayonnaise, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon minced chives, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, 1 clove garlic, grated], title: Pickled Shrimp with Lemon Chive Aioli, picturelink: W5fImkyMGJkcPYi.cr.pxuuuiUr.ng2}, 419: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a mediumsize saucepan of salted water to a boil over medium heat. Add the couscous and cook until al dente, 7 to 8 minutes. Drain the couscous and set aside to cool. Meanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the lemon juice and zest with the olive oil to make a vinaigrette. Season with salt and pepper to taste.nIn a large serving bowl, mix together the couscous, parsley, cilantro, mint, tomatoes, and scallions. Toss with the vinaigrette and season to taste. Allow it to sit for at least a half hour so the flavors can marry., ingredients: [1 cup Israeli couscous, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 cup finely chopped parsley, 12 cup finely chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 2 ripe tomatoes, seeded and diced, 3 scallions, chopped], title: Israeli Couscous Tabouli, picturelink: b.wvBGyQZ3FwGOosQVtrd1dAN9zccG}, 420: {instructions: In a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. When the foam subsides, fry the cubes of bread until golden and crusty, about 4 to 7 minutes. Remove the croutons from the pan with a slotted spatula and set aside on paper towels to drain. Wipe out the pan.nPlace the flour on a plate and season well with salt and pepper. Dredge the halibut in the flour and shake off excess.nReturn the saute pan to the heat and melt 4 more tablespoons of butter. When the foam has subsided add the fish to the pan. Cook, turning once, until the fish is no longer translucent in the center, flakes easily, and is golden brown on both sides, about 4 to 7 minutes per side. Transfer the fish to a serving platter and wipe out the pan.nMelt the additional 2 tablespoons of butter, and when the foam subsides add the capers and croutons. Saute briefly, then add the lemon juice and parsley and swirl to combine. Pour over the fish on the serving dish and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 stick plus 2 tablespoons butter, 6 slices stale white sandwich bread, crusts removed and cut into 12inch cubes, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 6ounce pieces halibut preferably Pacific, 1 to 2 tablespoons capers depending on taste, 1 large lemon, juiced, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley leaves], title: Halibut with Lemon, Capers, and Croutons, picturelink: c7P1O3F87UDYk2jMgE2R4vlREpwFV6}, 421: {instructions: Simmer all in a large pot and serve warm., ingredients: [1 gallon cheap burgundy, Mulling spices for wine or cider in a small spice bag, about 12 cup, 15 bottle fruit wine, 1 cup citrus vodka, 1 12 cups sugar, to taste, 15 bottle homemade wine hooch for wine: start with 1 gallon Jack Daniels, lots of grapes, and sugar, etc.], title: Vischers Hot Spiced Wine, picturelink: null}, 422: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh.nCombine all the spices in a small bowl. Brush both sides of fish fillets or chicken breasts with oil. Rub 1 side of the fish fillets or chicken breasts with the rub and grill, rub side down, until golden brown and a crust has formed, about 4 minutes. Flip over and continue cooking for 3 to 5 minutes.nClick here for Bobbys Buttermilk Southwestern Grilled Chicken., ingredients: [1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 12 teaspoons ground allspice, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground turmeric, Pinch cayenne powder, 4 6ounce fish fillets or boneless, skinless chicken breasts, Canola oil], title: North African Inspired Rub for Fish and Chicken, picturelink: kZTuIvqVLbbTm4RIhZlNqhnSM3NnjNi}, 423: {instructions: There are a lot of little tricks to handling chocolate. I like to work on a marble surface because the marble is generally cold, which helps the chocolate set. I also keep my chocolate in a glass bowl, which retains heat well and holds the temper longer. One of the most useful things you can use when working with chocolate is acetate plastic from the florist. It can be found in most art shops.nTo make dark and white chocolate cigarettes: Use a cake comb to create alternating stripes of white and dark chocolate. You can buy one at most cake decorating supply stores. Spread some white chocolate on a sheet of acetate in a very thin layer, about 116inch. Draw the comb through the chocolate to create alternating lines. Return the excess chocolate to the bowl. When the chocolate stripes are firm but not hard, use an offset spatula to spread a 18inchthick layer of dark chocolate over the white chocolate. When the chocolate sets but is not firm, use a pastry triangle to create the cigarettes. Start about 112 inches from an edge and push the chocolate into a roll it will form naturally. Apply even pressure.nTo make chocolate fans: Spread some dark chocolate directly onto the marble surface in a very thin layer, about 116inch. Use the pastry triangle to create fans by pushing the triangle through the chocolate in an arc. Use your finger to hold down one side as you push the chocolate toward the other., ingredients: [2 pounds bittersweet chocolate, tempered, 1 pound white chocolate, tempered], title: Chocolate Decorating Ideas, picturelink: null}, 424: {instructions: To make the hotcakes: In a medium mixing bowl, whisk together the pancake mix, apple juice, and cinnamon. Set aside.nIn a small mixing bowl, combine the whipped cream cheese and apple butter until smooth. Set aside.nLightly spray a large skillet with cooking spray and heat over medium heat. Using a 13 cup measure, scoop the pancake batter into the skillet. Flip the pancakes when they start to bubble. Cook an additional 1 to 2 minutes, or until golden brown. Remove pancakes to a cooling rack.nUsing the shaped cookiecutters, create several bunny, chick, and egg shapes from the cooled pancakes. Spread the tops completely with the reserved apple butter cream.nTo decorate: Sprinkle the bunny and egg pancakes with shredded coconut. Create yellow fur for the chicks by shaking in a plastic bag 1 cup shredded coconut with 2 drops yellow food coloring until coated. Top the chick pancakes with the yellow coconut. Add starshaped dragees to the bunny and chick pancakes to create eyes. Finally, complete the bunny pancakes by adding a single minimarshmallow to rear, creating a puffy tail., ingredients: [2 cups justaddwater pancake mix, 1 12 cups apple juice, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 1 8ounce container whipped cream cheese, 23 cup apple butter, Cooking spray, Shredded coconut, 2 drops yellow food coloring, Starshaped dragees, 1 bag minimarshmallows, Bunnyshaped cookie cutter, Eggshaped cookie cutter, Chickshaped cookie cutter], title: Bunny Hotcakes with Apple Butter Cream, picturelink: null}, 425: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil over high heat. Add the pasta and cook until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 to 10 minutes. Drain pasta.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the shallots and the garlic and cook for 3 minutes, until tender but not brown. Add the sundried tomatoes and cook for another minute. Add the wine, shrimp, and clams. Bring the liquid to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, until the shrimp are pink and the clams have opened, about 7 minutes.nAdd the spaghetti to the seafood mixture. Add the salt and pepper and stir to combine. Add the arugula. Stir gently and place on a serving platter. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 pound spaghetti pasta, 14 cup olive oil, 3 shallots, chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 34 cup chopped sundried tomatoes, 1 12 cup Pinot Grigio or other white wine, 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined, 2 pounds clams, washed, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups arugula], title: Spaghetti with Pinot Grigio and Seafood, picturelink: Qtq8XOQNGMfNTrspchcmIF8zYJUyy}, 426: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with cooking spray.nIn a large releasable plastic bag, combine the chicken, salt, garlic powder, onion powder and black pepper. Seal and then shake and massage the bag so all the chicken pieces get coated with the seasoning. Set aside.nAdd the popcorn to a separate large resealable plastic bag. Close the bag and, using a rolling pin, crush the popcorn into small pieces.nSet up your breading station using 3 pie pans. In the first pan, add the flour. In the second pan, whisk together the buttermilk, hot sauce and eggs. In the third pan, combine the popcorn, panko and paprika and stir to combine.nWorking in batches, dredge the chicken pieces first in the flour, then in the buttermilk mixture and finally in the popcorn breading mixture, pressing the chicken into the breading mixture to make sure it gets completely coated. Place on the prepared baking sheet in 1 even layer. Spray the tops lightly with cooking spray.nBake until golden brown, about 15 minutes, flipping each piece halfway through. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Olive oil cooking spray, for spraying the baking sheet and chicken, 1 pound chicken tenders, cut into bitesize pieces, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 8 cups plain popped popcorn, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup buttermilk or milk, 1 tablespoon hot sauce, 2 large eggs, 1 cup panko breadcrumbs, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika], title: PopcornCoated Popcorn Chicken, picturelink: LLS7xTkxj5SADD2BpMufr99llrPYsNG}, 427: {instructions: Put the cherries, lime, and sugar into a large rocks glass. Muddle the fruit and sugar by pressing them with a pestle or a wooden spoon until juicy and fragrant. Add the gin and crushed ice. Cover with a cocktail shaker and shake vigorously, or stir, until combined and chilled, about 30 seconds. In general, by the time the shaker mists up the drink is ready. Serve.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved., ingredients: [6 fresh cherries, pitted, 12 lime, cut into 3 wedges, 2 teaspoons sugar, 3 ounces gin, 1 cup crushed ice], title: Cherry Lime Ricky, picturelink: 3xRHOdapJz64f.Tt1bnyuQRZPeIT5Fi}, 428: {instructions: In a saute pan, over high heat, add the sugar, onions and water, and cook until the sugar has dissolved. Reduce the heat to medium, add the ginger, salt, balsamic, and red and rice wine vinegars. Cook until the liquid has reduced by 80 percent 14 cup, about 20 to 30 minutes. Remove from the heat to a bowl and stir in the wasabi paste. Refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours, allowing flavors to combine.nPut the salmon on a flat surface, and drizzle with grapeseed oil. Combine the ginger, panko, and salt and pepper, to taste, in a small bowl. Generously sprinkle the tops of the salmon with the panko crust, spreading evenly. Add the remaining grapeseed oil to a large saute pan and when smoking, put the salmon into pan, crusted side down. Turn the heat off and allow the crust to brown, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove the salmon from the pan to a cutting board.nWith a sharp knife, slice the salmon from top to bottom on a bias, 20 degree angle, then portion pickled onion onto serving plates. Top with sliced salmon and garnish with chives., ingredients: [1 12 tablespoons granulated sugar, 2 medium red onions, peeled and thinly sliced, 14 cup water, 14 cup peeled and chopped fresh ginger, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 cup white balsamic vinegar, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon wasabi paste, 6 4 to 5ounce salmon fillets, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 12 cup panko bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chives, chopped, for garnish], title: Salmon Sashimi with Pickled Onions, picturelink: null}, 429: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Pull the swordfish out of the refrigerator and allow it to come to room temperature while you make the shallots and the sauce.nFor the pickled shallots: Separate the shallots into little rings. Put them in a small saucepan, add the rice vinegar and 14 cup of water, and set over medium heat making sure the shallots are covered by the liquid. Bring to a boil. Once its bubbling, turn the heat off and set aside until youre ready to serve. The pickling will bring out a natural pink hue in the shallots beautifulnFor the mole: Grind the mustard seeds and cumin seeds to a fine powder in a mortar and pestle. Pour into a bowl with the ginger, ancho chile powder, rice vinegar, mirin, honey, sriracha and honey. Whisk together until smooth. Taste for seasoning and adjust as necessary.nSet a large castiron or other heavybottomed, ovenproof skillet over mediumhigh heat until lightly smoking.nSprinkle the swordfish with salt. Add the swordfish to the skillet. Cook until browned, about 3 minutes on one side. Quickly, flip the steaks and smear with a little mole. Put the pan in the oven and cook the fish until a thermometer inserted into the middle of the fish registers 125 degrees F, 5 to 7 minutes.nWhile the fish is cooking in the oven, drain the shallots and place in a small bowl. Rip the cilantro with your hands into the bowl, then drizzle with a little extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Toss together and taste for seasoning.nWhen the fish is cooked remember that it will keep cooking even when its out of the oven remove to a platter. Add the butter to the skillet, scraping up any caramelized bits stuck on the bottom of the skillet. Stir in the remaining mole and cook until hot and bubbly. Pour over the swordfish steaks. Top with a handful of the pickled shallots and serve immediately, ingredients: [4 small shallots, peeled, and sliced into thin rings about 12 cup, 12 cup rice vinegar, Small handful picked fresh cilantro leaves, Extravirgin olive oil for dressing, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 teaspoon brown or black mustard seeds, 12 teaspoon cumin seeds, 1 teaspoon grated fresh ginger, 4 teaspoons ancho chile powder, 4 teaspoons rice vinegar, 4 teaspoons mirin, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon sriracha, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 1pound swordfish steaks, about 1inch thick or 4 6 to 8ounce steaks, see Cooks Note, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Fish for Crish: Red Mole Swordfish Steaks with Pickled Shallots, picturelink: hQcsHDVldNAlb9dffUpUkwnjomN1Pi}, 430: {instructions: Place potatoes into a glass bowl, coat lightly with about 2 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil. Mix to coat.nTrim the ends of the zucchini, then cut lengthwise into 14inchthick slices. Put in a separate bowl. Top with 3 tablespoons of extravirgin olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly oil a deep 2 12 to 3quart baking dish about 9 by 12 inches. Then place about 14 cup of tomato puree and spread out to coat the bottom of the pan.nIn zucchini and potato bowls, add 2 tablespoons of garlic each and mix in well with a rubber spatula. Using the potatoes and zucchinis, make a layer in the prepared baking dish, alternating between the potato and zucchini, filling in any gaps with small pieces. Spread 12 cup of the tomato puree on top, then sprinkle 2 tablespoons of the Parmesan and 2 tablespoons of the bread crumbs. Top with some of the basil. Repeat the layering of the vegetables, tomato puree, Parmesan, bread crumbs and basil using all the vegetables. Cover the top with the remaining bread crumbs and Parmesan.nBake, uncovered, for about 12 an hour, then cover for the next 45 minutes of baking, finally uncovering for the last 15 minutes, until tender and bubbling, about 1 12 hours total cooking time. Remove from the oven and let cool to room temperature to allow the dish to settle and deepen in flavor.nTiella may be served hot, warm, or at room temperature. Reheat in a low oven, if desired. To serve, cut into squares and carefully lift out of the pan with a spatula.nBring 2 large pots of water to a boil. Lower the tomatoes into the water, blanch for 45 seconds to 1 minute. Place blanched tomatoes on a baking sheet, and peel the loosened skins. With a colander over a bowl, squeeze the seeds and innards out of each tomato. Set aside and refrigerate the clear strained liquid for other uses. Slice the peeled tomatoes into 1inch chunks, and place chunks into blender. Puree thoroughly. Pour into bowl.nYield: 10 to 12 cups, ingredients: [1 12 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 14inch rounds, 5 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus extra for baking dish, 1 pound zucchini, 3 tablespoons minced garlic, Sea salt, preferably gray salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 12 cups tomato puree, recipe follows, 4 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 cup freshly grated Parmesan, About 1 cup fine dried bread crumbs, 13 cup coarsely chopped fresh basil leaves, 20 tomatoes, core removed], title: Tiella, picturelink: null}, 431: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender and process until smooth. Serve with wedges of warm pita., ingredients: [2 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 15ounce can chickpeas, Water, as needed, 14 cup tahini, Juice of a lemon, 1 teaspoon cumin, 12 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and pepper, 1 scallion, thinly sliced for garnish], title: Hummus, picturelink: null}, 432: {instructions: Mix the mayo and chopped herbs together. Divide the mixture evenly and spread it onto the bread slices. Put 1 layer of sliced onion onto 4 of the slices and top with the remaining bread. Using an electric knife, cut the crusts off then cut each sandwich in half.nCombine the cream cheese, dill, and lemon juice. Divide the mixture evenly and spread it onto the bread slices. Place a layer of cucumber onto 4 bread slices and top with a layer of smoked salmon. Top with the remaining bread. Using an electric knife, cut the crusts off, then cut each sandwich in half.nSpread some mayonnaise onto a slice of bread and place it on your work surface. Top with some lettuce, a layer of tomato, and a slice of ham. Spread some mayonnaise onto another slice of bread and place it, mayonnaise side down, on top of the ham. Spread some butter onto the top of this piece of bread and add a layer of cucumber, a slice of turkey, a slice of Muenster cheese, and some alfalfa sprouts. Butter another slice of bread and place it, butter side down, on top of the sprouts. Repeat to make 3 more sandwiches. Using an electric knife, cut the crusts off, then cut each sandwich in half., ingredients: [1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh tarragon leaves, 8 slices white bread, 1 Vidalia onion, sliced very thin, 1 cup whipped cream cheese, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill, 1 lemon, juiced, 8 slices white bread, 12 cucumber, very thinly sliced, 4 ounces smoked salmon, 12 slices white bread, 14 cup mayonnaise, 14 head iceberg lettuce, finely shredded, 1 tomato, very thinly sliced, 4 slices ham, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cucumber, very thinly sliced, 4 slices turkey, 4 slices Muenster cheese, 12 cup alfalfa sprouts], title: Three Tasty Tea Sandwiches, picturelink: cFleKWFrvkZTQt8Exg8fCle7p9uCwW}, 433: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.nPlace the salmon piece or fillets skinside up in a shallow ovenproof dish. Cook in the oven for 15 minutes.nMeanwhile gently melt the butter in a small saucepan. Remove from the heat and stir in the mustard and dill. Season to taste. Remove the salmon from the oven and arrange the scallops round it, baste with the mustard sauce.nReturn to the oven for a further 5 minutes. Slice the salmon quite thickly and serve on top of the spinach rocket and spoon over the mustard butter., ingredients: [2 pounds salmon middle cut, boned, or fillets, 6 ounces butter, 8 scallops, without roe, 3 generous teaspoons wholegrain mustard, 4 level teaspoons dried dill wood, or 2 teaspoons each of dried and fresh dill, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 ounces fresh spinach or rocket arugula], title: Roasted Salmon with Scallops and Mustard Butter, picturelink: null}, 434: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nWrap the head of garlic with aluminum foil and roast for 40 minutes. Set aside until cool enough to handle.nSqueeze the cloves of garlic from their papery skins into a small glass bowl. Add the butter and ancho powder, mixing well to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Place a piece of plastic wrap on a work surface, spoon the butter into the middle and roll into a cylinder. Refrigerate until set, at least 30 minutes. The butter can be made ahead and will keep for up to a week.nPreheat a grill or grill pan to high heat.nGrill the corn, turning occasionally, until browned in spots and the kernels are tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Brush with the ancho chile butter and serve., ingredients: [1 whole head garlic, 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 ancho chiles, stemmed, seeded, deveined and ground, or 2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 ears corn], title: Grilled Corn with Ancho Chile Butter, picturelink: WxGomItFLFEmWBONSo.aiMDho92yBi}, 435: {instructions: Toast the dried chilies by putting them in a preheated 200degree oven for 3 minutes you should smell them toasting when you open the oven door. If using canned chipotles, toast only the Ancho. Remove the toasted chilies from the oven and open them up. Remove and discard the seeds and stems. Place the chilies in a bowl and cover with hot water.nWhen chilies are soft after about 15 minutes, remove them from the water and place them or the Ancho and the canned Chipotle in the work bowl of a food processor, along with the garlic, lard, cumin, cloves, salt, and pepper. Pulse to make a rough paste. Rub the paste all over the pork loin with your fingers. Cover the rubbed pork and refrigerate for 8 hours.nRemove it from the refrigerator 1 hour before youre ready to put it in the oven. Make a bed of half the sliced onion in the clay pot. Lay the marinated pork loin over it. Cover the pork with the remaining onion. Most clay pots call for soaking the lid and then placing the entire pot, with food inside, in a cold oven before turning on the heat. Follow the instructions for your pot. In any case, the oven should be set at 300 degrees.nOnce the oven is hot, cook the roast for 1 hour. Do not open the pot. After an hour, remove the roast from the oven. Let it sit in its broth for 10 minutes. Slice the roast thinly and serve., ingredients: [3 dried Ancho chilies, 2 dried chipotle chilies or 2 chipotles canned in adobo, 1 teaspoon minced garlic, 1 tablespoon lard you may substitute vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, Pinch of ground cloves, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 boneless loin of pork about 1 12 to 2 pounds, 1 medium white onion, very thinly sliced], title: Anchoand ChipotleRubbed Pork Loin, picturelink: null}, 436: {instructions: In a large skillet, cook the onion, the garlic, the red pepper flakes, the basil, and the oregano in the oil over moderately low heat, stirring, until the onion is softened. Add the mushrooms, cook the mixture over moderate heat, stirring, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until the mushrooms are tender.nIn a saucepan, melt 6 tablespoons of the butter over moderately low heat, whisk in the flour, and cook the roux, stirring, for 3 minutes. Add the milk in a stream, whisking, and simmer the mixture, whisking, for 2 minutes, or until it is thickened.nPour the sauce over the mushroom mixture and add the tomatoes, prosciutto, Fontina, Gorgonzola, 1 14 cups of the Parmesan, and parsley.nIn a kettle of boiling salted water, cook the pasta for 5 minutes the pasta will not be tender and drain it well. Add the pasta and salt and pepper, to taste, to the mushroom mixture, toss the mixture until it is combined well, and transfer it to a buttered 3 to 4quart baking dish. The pasta may be prepared up to this point and kept covered and chilled overnight. Bring the pasta to room temperature before continuing with the recipe. Sprinkle the pasta with the remaining 14 cup Parmesan, dot it with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, cut into bits, and bake it in the middle of a preheated 450 degree F oven for 25 to 30 minutes, or until the top is golden and the pasta is tender., ingredients: [2 cups finely chopped onion, 2 large garlic cloves, minced, 14 teaspoon dried hot red pepper flakes, or to taste, 1 teaspoon dried basil, crumbled, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 pound fresh shiitakes, stems discarded and the caps sliced, 8 ounces 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 cups milk, 2 28ounce cans Italian whole, peeled tomatoes, drained well and chopped, 14 pound thinly sliced prosciutto, cut into strips, 14 pound Italian Fontina, grated about 1 cup, 14 pound Gorgonzola, crumbled about 1 cup, 1 12 cups freshly grated Parmesan, 23 cup minced fresh parsley leaves, 1 pound penne quillshaped pasta or farfalle large bowtieshaped pasta], title: Baked Pasta with Tomatoes, Shiitakes, and Prosciutto, picturelink: TWRH196w5wtjk7Gk04qspHn0iqfev6}, 437: {instructions: Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Unroll dough place in ungreased 15x10x1inch baking pan. Starting at center, press out dough to edges of pan. Bake at 375 for 10 minutes. Cool 15 minutes or until completely cooled. Meanwhile, cook spinach as directed on package. Drain well squeeze dry with paper towels. In small bowl, combine mayonnaise and 1 of the garlic cloves mix well. Refrigerate. Heat oil in small saucepan over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add onion cook and stir 2 to 3 minutes or until crisptender. Add sugar and vinegar. Reduce heat to low simmer 3 to 5 minutes or until most of liquid has evaporated, stirring occasionally. To flatten each chicken breast half, place, boned side up, between 2 pieces of plastic wrap or waxed paper. Working from center, gently pound chicken with flat side of meat mallet or rolling pin until about 14 inch thick remove wrap. Sprinkle chicken with Italian seasoning and minced garlic. Spray large skillet with nonstick cooking spray. Heat over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add chicken cook 8 minutes or until browned, forktender and juices run clear, turning once. Cut cooled pizza crust into 4 rectangles. Remove rectangles from pan spread each with 1 tablespoon mayonnaise mixture. Top 2 rectangles with chicken, spinach, onion mixture, cheese and remaining crust rectangles, mayonnaise side down. Heat large skillet or cast iron skillet over medium heat until hot. Place sandwiches in skillet. Place smaller skillet on sandwiches to flatten slightly. Cook about 1 to 2 minutes or until crisp and heated, turning once. Cut each warm sandwich into quarters., ingredients: [1 10oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Refrigerated Pizza Crust, 1 9oz. pkg. Green Giant Frozen Spinach, 14 cup light mayonnaise, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 cup chopped red onion, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 tablespoon vinegar cider, red wine or balsamic, 2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves, 12 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning, 4 4inch slices provolone cheese], title: Chicken Florentine Panini, picturelink: null}, 438: {instructions: Preheat oven to high. Cut potatoes and spread out on a cookie sheet. Coat potatoes with extravirgin olive oil, dried herbs and steak seasoning or, salt and pepper. Spread potatoes to the corners of the cookie sheet. Cook potatoes in very hot oven 25 minutes. Turn potatoes once, half way in the cooking process. Serve fries hot from the oven., ingredients: [5 russet potatoes, cut into thin wedges, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon steak seasoning blend, such as Montreal Steak Seasoning, or salt and pepper], title: Oven Steak Fries, picturelink: xKhXg8b1dzjZu76tQ.q1oQTU9LIXSsi}, 439: {instructions: In a medium soup pot, heat the olive oil, then add the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper, and then the Piment dEspelette. Lightly brown, 5 minutes, while you chop the remaining vegetables. Add the garlic, zucchini, fennel and onion to the soup as they are chopped. Add the tomatoes and cover the pan to soften the vegetables and burst the tomatoes, 5 to 8 minutes. Add the stock and passata, and mix to combine. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nReheat over medium heat and garnish with the reserved fennel fronds and a drizzle of olive oil. Serve with warm bread., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, plus more to drizzle, 1 12 pounds small round potatoes, quartered, Salt and pepper, 12 teaspoon Piment dEspelette or cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon paprika, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, sliced, 2 firm small to medium zucchini, sliced 12inch half moons, 1 bulb fennel, trimmed and sliced into thin halfmoon wedges, reserve a small handful of fronds, 1 large or 2 small to medium onions, peeled and root attached sliced into thin wedges, 12 cocktail tomatoes or 2 cups cherry tomatoes, 4 cups vegetable or chicken stock, 1 cup passata or tomato sauce, 14 cup fresh tarragon leaves, chopped, Crusty French roll or bread, for passing], title: Zucchini, Potato and Fennel Stew, picturelink: Ye5NgGjjg6zlMKuXO4Lp6lRiM12VxaO}, 440: {instructions: Preheat a grill on mediumhigh heat.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil, cook pasta about half way according to package instructions. Drain the pasta and toss lightly with olive oil. Using a grill grate, grill the pasta over mediumhigh heat for about 3 to 4 minutes.nTransfer the grilled pasta to a serving platter and spoon BBQ Gravy over the top. Place meatballs over the top and around the perimeter of the platter and top with more Gravy. Sprinkle with the sliced scallions and grated Parmesan.nHeat a large soup pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the olive oil and heat for 1 minute. When the oil is hot, add the bacon and render. When golden brown and beginning to crisp, add minced carrot, celery, onion, and garlic. Add a pinch of salt and saute vegetables to a light brown. Add rosemary and brown sugar and stir. Add Chianti and vinegar to pot, stir and bring to boil. Add the tomato paste, chipotles in adobo, and the chopped tomatoes. Stir and simmer for 1 to 1 12 hours, skimming the top occasionally to remove any scum that forms.nWhile the BBQ gravy is simmering, make the meatballs.nIn a large bowl, mix together the meat, egg, Worcestershire, cheese, parsley, oregano, basil, onion, bread crumbs, and garlic, and season with salt and pepper. Add 12 cup of water. Knead the water into the meat mixture with your hands. Knead and roll meatballs into about 1 12inch balls. Place them in shallow saucepan on stove, add another 12 cup of water over them, and cover. Turn heat to medium, and steam for 35 minutes.nUsing a slotted spoon, remove the meatballs from the pan. Drain the juice out of the bottom of the pan, return the meatballs to it and cover them with warm BBQ gravy. Serve on top of Grilled Spaghetti., ingredients: [1 12 pounds spaghetti, Meatballs in BBQ Gravy, recipe follows, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons scallions, thinly sliced, Grated Parmesan, For the gravy:, 1 pound bacon, sliced into lardons, 12 cup olive oil, 1 carrot, chopped, 1 stalk celery, chopped, 1 onion, chopped, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves, minced, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 12 glasses Chianti, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 1 small can tomato paste, 1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo, 3 28ounce cans chopped tomatoes, Sea salt, preferable grey, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound ground sirloin, 1 large egg, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons Parmesan, freshly grated, 2 tablespoons finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 tablespoon finely chopped basil leaves, 1 cup onion, finely chopped, 1 cup fine dried bread crumbs, 1 clove garlic, minced, Sea salt, preferably grey, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup water], title: Grilled Spaghetti, picturelink: NqMK0yVT1yAM5n1ycf3kyWtr8b2uHO}, 441: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nSet a large skillet over medium heat and add 4 tablespoons of olive oil. Add sliced onions and cook over medium heat for 10 to 12 minutes until they are tender and brown all over.nUsing a mandolin or sharp knife, finely slice the potatoes into rounds you can place them in a bowl with a wet towel over the top to stop them from going brown while you work. Place the potatoes into a bowl and season with salt and pepper. When ready, add the onions and toss to combine without breaking potatoes.nAdd about 1 tablespoon water to the same pan the onions were cooked in and allow it to come to a bubble. Using layered paper towels, wipe the pan clean.nAdd some extravirgin olive oil to the pan and add the potatoes to the pan, making sure the potatoes are flat. Top with the diced butter.nTake a piece of parchment paper and fold in half. Find the middle of the parchment along the crease and hold in place with your finger. Taking the right side of the parchment, pull it towards the center and fold it straight down to create a diagonal edge. Fold the parchment in half to create a triangle. Place the pointed edge in the middle of the saute pan on top of the potatoes to find its radius. Make a marker of where the pan edge ends or starts. At this point you can cut the parchment at this marker and open to reveal a circle.nCover the potatoes with the parchment paper and press down. Drizzle some extravirgin olive oil over the top so it down burn and rub it in.nPlace the pan into the oven on the top rack and bake for about 45 minutes.nWhen done remove from oven and run a knife around the edge to separate from the pan. Place a large plate on top of the saute pan and flip. Remove the saute pan. Allow to cool slightly before cutting into slices., ingredients: [1 large onion, sliced, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large Russet potatoes, washed, 2 to 3 tablespoons butter, broken into small pieces, Special equipment: parchment paper cut into large circle to fit saute pan], title: Caramelized Onion Potato Tart, picturelink: 1dB7MvdgRhBZkfuf7WOL8o18NQIX3b2}, 442: {instructions: In a small saucepan cook the onion in the butter over moderately low heat, stirring, for 5 minutes, stir in 14 cup of the flour, and cook the roux mixture over low heat, stirring, for 3 minutes. Stir in the milk and the broth, cook the mixture, stirring, until it forms a paste, and cook the paste, stirring, for 3 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat, stir in the chicken, the sweet potatoes, the cayenne, and salt and black pepper, to taste, and combine the mixture well.nChill the chicken mixture, covered, for 2 hours, or until it is firm, and roll level tablespoons of it into balls. Dredge the balls in the additional 12 cup flour, shaking off the excess, coat them thoroughly with the egg wash, letting the excess drip off, and dredge them in the bread crumbs, transferring them to wax paper as they are coated. The croquettes may be made up to this point 1 month in advance and kept wrapped well and frozen. Thaw the croquettes for 1 hour. If serving the croquettes immediately, let them dry at room temperature for 1 hour.nIn a large saucepan heat 2 inches of the oil until a deepfat thermometer registers 365 degrees F. Fry the croquettes in batches for 1 to 1 12 minutes, or until they are golden brown, and transfer them with a slotted spoon to paper towels to drain. Serve the croquettes with mango chutney, if desired., ingredients: [13 cup chopped onion, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 14 cup allpurpose flour 12 cup additional, for dredging the croquettes, 14 cup milk, 14 cup chicken broth, 2 cups finely chopped cooked chicken or turkey, 12 cup mashed sweet potatoes, 18 teaspoon cayenne, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, An egg wash made by beating lightly 2 large eggs with 1 tablespoon water, 1 12 cups fine fresh bread crumbs, Oil, for frying], title: Chicken and SweetPotato Croquettes, picturelink: null}, 443: {instructions: Heat the olive oil in a Dutch oven or pot over mediumhigh heat, add the beef and cook to brown. Add the garlic, onions, peppers, paprika and some salt and pepper. Partially cover and cook to tender, 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add the stock and tomatoes, and simmer to combine the flavors.nCool the goulash and store for a makeahead meal. Reheat over medium heat, adding a splash of stock or water if mixture is too thick.nTo serve, bring a large pot of water to boil for the pasta while the sauce reheats. Salt the water and cook the macaroni to al dente. Reserve a little starchy cooking water before draining.nStir a few spoons of sour cream into the goulash. Incorporate the macaroni into the goulash and add the starchy water as you go to keep the mixture from becoming too dry.nTop the goulash with blue cheese crumbles and herbs, and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 pounds ground sirloin, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 onion, finely chopped, 1 mild red or green frying pepper, chopped, 3 tablespoons smoked sweet paprika, Salt and pepper, 1 to 2 cups veal or chicken stock, plus more if needed, One 14ounce can petite diced tomatoes, 8 to 12 ounces macaroni, Sour cream, 1 cup blue cheese or smoked blue cheese, crumbled, Chopped fresh herbs, such as parsley, dill and chives, for garnish], title: Beef Goulash with Blue Cheese, picturelink: Ye5NgGjjg6zlMKuXO4Lp6lRiM12VxaO}, 444: {instructions: Sift the flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt together over a large piece of parchment paper.nIn a large bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, and vanilla extract together until well combined. Add the dry ingredients to the bowl and whisk until a thick batter is formed. Whisk in the melted butter.nHeat a nonstick griddle or pan over medium heat. Add a teaspoon of butter and swirl the pan to coat the bottom. Ladle 14 cup of the batter onto the pan to form a pancake. Cook until you see bubbles break the surface of the pancake and the underside is golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes. Then carefully flip the pancake to finish cooking on the other side, another 2 to 3 minutes. Transfer the pancakes to a platter and cover with foil to keep warm or place in a preheated 200 degree F oven, covered and continue to make the pancakes until all of the batter has been used up, wiping out the pan or griddle with a paper towel after each use.nServe with warm Summer Berry Compote.nIn a large nonstick skillet, melt the butter over mediumhigh heat. Add the mixed berries, sugar, lemon zest and lemon juice.nSaute the mixture, stirring often, until the berries begin to break down and release their juices, around 5 minutes. Add the pinch of salt and check for seasoning add more sugar and lemon juice, if desired.nRemove the pan from the heat and stir in the basil leaves. Serve immediately with warm pancakes., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 eggs, 1 14 cups milk, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 cup butter, melted, plus more as needed, 1 recipe Summer Berry Compote, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons butter, 4 cups mixed berries, cleaned and trimmed, 12 cup sugar, plus more if desired, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, plus more if desired, Pinch salt, 14 cup fresh basil leaves, chiffonade], title: Chef Lee Anne Wongs Pancakes with Summer Berry Compote, picturelink: null}, 445: {instructions: Steep 1 cup Darjeeling tea leaves in 4 cups boiling water for 7 minutes. Strain tea leaves and reduce to 34 cup. Grind spice to powder. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees. In a large heatproof mixing bowl, whisk together the egg yolks and sugar. Place the cream in a heavy bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Warm just until bubbles form around the edge. Remove from heat and, whisking constantly, pour into the egg and sugar mixture. Add the spice powder and the reduced tea liquid. Continue whisking until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture is well combined. Pour the mixture through a very fine sieve into 6 creme brulee dishes, filling them only half full. Place the dishes into a shallow baking dish large to hold them without crowding. Place the dish on the middle rack oven. Working quickly to preserve the heat, finish filling the dishes with the custard mixture, making sure that it comes right to the top of each dish. Then carefully fill the baking dish with very hot tap water so it comes halfway up the sides of the filled dishes. Bake for about 25 minutes, or until the custard is set in the center. Remove the custards to a wire rack to cool. Refrigerate for at least 3 hours, or until ready to use. When ready to serve, preheat the broiler. Pass the brown sugar through a fine sieve to eliminate all lumps. Generously sprinkle the top of each chilled custard with an equal portion of the brown sugar, taking care to cover all of the custard, so that it gives an even finish. Place the chilled creme brulee dishes under the preheated broiler and broil for about 2 minutes, or until the tops are crackling brown. Remove from the broiler and serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup Darjeeling tea leaves, 12 extra large egg yolks, beaten, 1 cup brown sugar, 4 cups heavy cream, 1 tablespoon chai spice powder, 1 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Cardamom, 1 stick Cinnamon, 12 teaspoon black pepper corns, 14 teaspoon whole cloves], title: Chai Creme Brulee, picturelink: null}, 446: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix all the filling ingredients together until well combined. Set aside.nHave grill preheated over high heat and oven preheated to 350 degrees F.nSlit each veal chop on its side to create a pocket. Stuff each chop with filling. Use toothpicks to keep closed. Season chops with salt and pepper and brush with oil on both sides.nPlace chops on smoking hot grill and mark for 2 minutes on each side. Remove from grill and place in a baking dish. Finish cooking in oven for 4 to 6 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup minced prosciutto, 14 cup grated sharp provolone cheese, 14 cup small diced roasted peppers, 12 small onion, grated, 2 tablespoons seasoned Italian bread crumbs, 2 tablespoons minced fresh oregano leaves, 12 teaspoon coarse black pepper, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 1inch thick veal chops, frenched, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Stuffed Veal Chops, picturelink: DQa2d6xURYmYT2pxbjnAA4sZhwHIHm}, 447: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPeel and slice the jicama into 1 by 3inch strips about 18inch thick you should have 20 to 24 slices total. Cover with a damp towel and set aside.nCut the avocados in half and remove the pits. Scoop the pulp into a bowl and mash with a fork. Add the tomato, bell pepper, jalapeno, salt, and lemon juice, and mix well. Taste and adjust the salt and lemon juice. Stir in the crabmeat.nSpread 1 tablespoon of the salad on each jicama slice, or serve as a dip with jicama as the crudite. This is not a makeahead dish., ingredients: [1 large jicama about 1 12 pounds, 2 mediumsize ripe avocados, 34 cup chopped tomato, 12 cup diced red or yellow bell pepper, 1 tablespoon minced jalapeno pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 12 cup fresh crabmeat], title: Jicama Slices with Avocado and Crab Salad, picturelink: RDIB6vEXvJ1sUrPXikY.lIuhFSJlZ6}, 448: {instructions: Combine the flours, wheat germ, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugars with a mixer at medium speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, until well blended, then beat in the vanilla.nAt low speed, add the flour mixture in batches until just combined. Using a wooden spoon, stir in the chocolate chips.nPosition the racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone mats.nDrop heaping tablespoons of the dough onto the lined baking sheets, leaving about 2 inches of space between them you should fit about 12 cookies on each baking sheet.nBake until the cookies are slightly golden around the edges, 14 to 15 minutes. Let cool for about 3 minutes, then transfer the cookies with a spatula to a wire rack to cool completely or for as long as you can wait., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 1 cup wholewheat flour, 3 tablespoons wheat germ, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 sticks 8 ounces unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 large eggs, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups semisweet chocolate chips], title: WholeGrain Chocolate Chip Cookies, picturelink: Si8Kvzbg4wATP.jGnwm0tEeRwStDzq}, 449: {instructions: In a 12inch heavy skillet set over moderately low heat, cook onions in butter, stirring occasionally, until softened. Stir in mushrooms and bell peppers and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid mushrooms give off is evaporated and mixture begins to brown. Add ham and Sherry and cook, stirring, until liquid is evaporated.nIn a bowl stir together mushroom mixture, parsley, and bread crumbs. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cool, uncovered.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface roll out 1 pastry sheet into a 14 by 10inch rectangle. Halve rectangle lengthwise with a long sharp knife and spread about half of mushroom filling on 1 half, leaving a 1inch border all around. Brush edges of mushroomtopped pastry with some egg wash and put remaining pastry half on top of filling. Crimp edges of dough together with fork tines and cut several slits in empanada with small sharp knife. Carefully transfer empanada with 2 spatulas to a large baking sheet, leaving room for second empanada, and brush with some remaining egg wash. Make another empanada in same manner with remaining puff pastry sheet, filling, and egg wash.nPut empanadas in middle of oven and reduce temperature to 375 degrees F. Bake empanadas until golden, about 35 minutes. Empanadas may be made 1 day ahead, cooled completely on a rack, and chilled, wrapped in foil. Reheat empanadas, uncovered, on a baking sheet in a preheated 375 degree F oven until hot, about 6 minutes.nWith a serrated knife cut empanadas into 34inch slices.nWine Suggestions: Dry Manzanilla Jerez Region Spanish Cava Sparkling Wine Montecillo Winery Rioja, ingredients: [2 medium onions, finely chopped, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 12 pounds mushrooms, finely chopped, 2 small red bell peppers, finely chopped, 1 6ounce piece serrano ham or prosciutto, trimmed and chopped fine, 13 cup cream Sherry, 12 cup packed fresh parsley leaves, washed, spun dry, and minced, 3 tablespoons fine dry bread crumbs, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 17 14ounce package frozen puff pastry sheets 2 pastry sheets thawed, Egg wash, made by beating 1 large egg with 1 teaspoon water], title: Sherried Mushroom Empanadas, picturelink: k96hxxkL6cTH9Sk9yf56CVuor7yhdkq}, 450: {instructions: Process garlic in food processor to finely chop. Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and butter. Add garlic and crushed pepper flakes to oil and butter. Season shrimp with salt and toss to coat. Add shrimp to the pan and cook, stirring frequently, until pink and heads curl to tails. Add black pepper, to your taste. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 to 15 cloves garlic, cracked away from skins, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 3 turns of the pan, 2 tablespoons butter, cut in small pieces, 12 to 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 1 12 pounds, 30 pieces, jumbo shrimp, peeled and deveined, ask for easy peel shrimps, 1 teaspoon coarse salt, Black pepper, 1 toothpick, optional], title: Garlic Lovers Shrimp, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 451: {instructions: To a medium pan over medium heat add extravirgin olive oil and butter and onion. Saute onion 3 minutes, add broth and bring to a boil. Add beans, season with salt and cover pan and simmer 8 minutes, until tender., ingredients: [1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 small onion, chopped, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 to 1 14 pounds trimmed green beans see Cooks Note, Salt], title: Green Beans with Onion, picturelink: ORgT77ammXCSj7FJod.8nEflAYC1mWO}, 452: {instructions: In a mixing bowl break the tuna up with a fork. Toss with the onion, fresh coriander, and raisins. In a small saute pan, heat the oil over medium heat, add the curry powder, and stir until fragrant, about 30 seconds. Remove pan from the heat and set oil aside to cool. Add the curry oil to the mayonnaise, season with salt, and pepper to taste and add the lime juice. Gently mix the tuna with the seasoned mayonnaise. Serve on a bed of lettuce or in a sandwich. Yield: 3 to 4 servingsnCopyright 2001 Television Food Network, G.P. All rights reserved., ingredients: [Two 6 ounce cans white meat tuna packed in water, drained, 3 tablespoons minced red onion, soaked in cold water for 5 minutes, drained, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh coriander cilantro, 1 tablespoon golden raisins, plumped in 2 tablespoons warm water for 10 minutes, drained, 2 teaspoons vegetable oil, like soy, peanut, or corn, 2 teaspoons Madrasstyle curry powder, 6 tablespoons mayonnaise, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon freshly squeezed lime juice plus more to taste, Serving suggestions: 2 cups mixed lettuces or 3 to 4 pita bread], title: Curried Tuna Salad, picturelink: null}, 453: {instructions: Chill 1 champagne flute that has been filled with ice cubes. Discard the ice before filling the glass with the cocktail.nSqueeze the orange rind to allow its oils to rise to the surface. Rim the glass with the rind, and then drop it into the glass.nPour in the Creme de Cassis, and fill the rest of the glass 34 of the way with the sparkling white wine. Garnish the drink with the grapes. Cheers, ingredients: [Ice cubes, as needed, 1 strip orange rind, pith removed, 1 tablespoon Creme de Cassis, 6 ounces sparkling white wine recommended: Cava, Mini or Champagne grapes or any other fruit, for garnish], title: Kir Royales, picturelink: null}, 454: {instructions: Cook the mussels: Heat a skillet large enough to hold the mussels in a single layer over high heat for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and add the mussels and 14 cup of the vermouth. Return the skillet to the stove and cook for 1 minute. Add about 34 cup water. The mussels shouldnt take long to cook, about 2 minutes. Take care to stir the mussels from time to time so they cook as evenly as possible. Use tongs to pluck the mussels from the pan as they open. When all of the mussels are open, remove them and strain the liquid, reserving it for the sauce. Remove the mussels from their shells. Discard the shells.nCook the mushrooms: Rinse the skillet and return it to high heat until it smokes lightly. Remove the pan from the heat, add 1 tablespoon of the butter, and swirl the pan until the butter turns a light brown color. Return the skillet to the heat and immediately add the shallots and mushrooms. Season lightly with salt and the red pepper flakes. Cook the mushrooms until they start to give up liquid and brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Add the remaining 14 cup vermouth and cook for 1 minute. Season to taste with salt. Toast the hazelnuts: Meanwhile, in a small skillet, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter over medium heat and add the hazelnuts. Season them lightly with salt and toast them over low heat until they turn light brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to remove the hazelnuts and transfer them to a cutting board. Roughly chop the hazelnuts.nMake the sauce: Transfer the mushrooms to a plate using a slotted spoon. If there is any cooking liquid from the mushrooms, combine it with the mussel cooking liquid in a small saucepan. Simmer over low heat for 1 minute. The sauce may need a pinch of salt. The flavor should be an initial taste of sweet mussel followed by an undertone of earthiness from the mushroom. Swirl in 1 tablespoon of the butter and a touch of lemon juice. Keep warm.nAssemble the dish: Heat a large skillet over high heat until hot, 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the remaining 1 tablespoon butter. When it turns light brown, return the skillet to the burner and add the mussels and mushrooms in a single layer. Cook for 1 minute without stirring them. They should be browned on their first side before you stir them slightly, with a wooden spoon, and leave them to brown for an additional minute. Stir in the sauce. Taste for seasoning. Toss in the hazelnuts. Serve immediately on a platter, family style, with slices of grilled bread., ingredients: [1 12 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 12 cup dry vermouth, preferably Noilly Prat, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 2 medium shallots, thinly sliced, 34 pound white button mushrooms, ends trimmed, wiped clean and quartered, Kosher salt, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 tablespoons blanched whole hazelnuts, Juice of 1 to 2 lemons, to taste, Grilled bread], title: Mussels with White Mushrooms and Hazelnuts, picturelink: null}, 455: {instructions: For MeatballsnPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl combine the milk and bread. Let the bread absorb the milk. Add remaining meatball ingredients except the cheese. Using your hands, gently combine all the ingredients until they are thoroughly mixed. Take about 3 tablespoons of the meat mixture and roll into a ball and press into a patty. Place a mozzarella cube or 1 tablespoon shredded cheese onto the patty and bring up the sides around the cheese and roll between hands to form a ball. Place onto a nonstick baking sheet or a baking sheet sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Repeat process with remaining meat and cheese. Place the meatballs into the oven and cook for 12 minutes. Remove baking sheet from the oven and set aside.nFor Sauce:nIn a medium pot heat olive oil over medium heat. Add onion, garlic and saute for 3 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and simmer for 10 minutes. Gently stir in the meatballs and any pan drippings from baking sheet and simmer for another 5 minutes.nSpaghetti:nCook the spaghetti in a large pot of boiling salted water until al dente, about 8 minutes. Drain and place the pasta on a large serving platter. Place the meatballs over the spaghetti, pour the sauce on top and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup milk, 2 slice white bread, cut into cubes, 1 pound 80 percent lean ground beef, 12 medium onion, diced, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 sticks mozzarella string cheese, cut into small cubes or 12 cup shredded mozzarella, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 medium onion diced, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 1 28ounce can diced tomatoes, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped basil leaves, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 16ounce box spaghetti], title: Spaghetti with Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 456: {instructions: Preheat oven to 300 degrees F.nStir together the confectioners sugar and almond flour and sift it through a tammie or very open mesh strainer. In a mixer with a whip attachment, whip the whites until frothy. Add the sugar and food coloring if using and whip until stiff. Add 13 of the almond mixture and fold part way in. Add another 13 and fold partway in. Add final 13 and fold in leaving a few specks of egg whites. It will look like deflated marshmallow. Place a pastry bag with a close pin holding it shut in a tall round container folding the edge over the rim of the container to fill it easily. Pipe dots of meringue at each corner to stick down some parchment paper on a sheet pan. Pipe rows of kisses 1inch each size of a quarter one half inch apart. Bake about 17 minutes until very light brown. Pour 14 cup water under the parchment paper at both ends of the sheet to steam them loose. Let cool and peel off.nEasy Buttercream: In a mixer with a whip attachment whip the butter very well, scraping the bowl often until its light and fluffy. Add the confectioners sugar and mix on low. Drizzle in the flavorings with the hot water. Chill up to a week until ready to use, then bring to room temperature.nPipe macaroons with buttercream and make little sandwiches. Keep in a covered box chilled., ingredients: [1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 78 cups almond flour, 12 cup egg whites, 2 tablespoons sugar, 3 drops food coloring, 14 cup water, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon hot water, 1 teaspoon instant coffee, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract], title: French Macaroons, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 457: {instructions: Blend the peas and vegetable broth in a blender until smooth. Take the lid off and, with the motor running, pour in the oil in a steady stream to emulsify the mixture. Add the lemon juice then chill in the refrigerator for 1 hour.nTo make the spicy crab, whisk the canola oil, chili paste, and lemon juice together in a bowl. Fold in the crabmeat and mint and season with a pinch of salt. Fill espresso or sake cups, about 34 full, with the chilled pea soup. Garnish the pea shots with a generous tablespoon of the spicy crab and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups frozen sweet peas, run under cool water to thaw, 1 14 12ounce can vegetable broth, 12 cup canola oil, 12 lemon, juiced, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon red chili paste, such as Sambal, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 cup fresh lump crab meat, picked through, 14 bunch fresh mint leaves, chopped, Pinch sea salt], title: Chilled Pea Shots with Spicy Crab, picturelink: r5RepAWpRoS8RBc.uWau05Aa1.8TDe}, 458: {instructions: Rub the garlic vigorously on the inside of a saucepot. Add the wine and bring to a boil. Turn the heat down and add the Emmenthal and the Gruyere to the pot. Heat until all of the cheese is melted, stirring slowly and continuously to prevent lumps from forming.nIn a separate bowl, dissolve the cornstarch in the kirsch and add to the cheese mixture. Season with pepper and nutmeg, and continue to stir until the fondue is smooth. Remove the fondue from the heat and transfer into a fondue pot. Add the Stilton and fold into the fondue. Install the fondue pot in its stand and light the flame.nServe with French bread cubes. Dip the bread in the fondue and enjoy. It is important to stir the fondue occasionally to keep it smooth., ingredients: [1 clove garlic, 1 cup dry white wine, 23 pound Swiss Emmenthal cheese, grated, 23 pound Swiss Gruyere cheese, grated, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup kirsch, Pepper, Nutmeg, 5 ounces Stilton cheese, 1 loaf French bread, cut into 1inch cubes], title: Swiss Cheese Fondue with English Stilton, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 459: {instructions: For the dressing: Whisk the mayonnaise, sour cream, mustard, vinegar and sugar together in a small bowl or glass measuring cup. Season with salt and pepper.nFor the pasta: In a large mixing bowl, combine the macaroni, dill, celery, bell pepper and red onion. Drizzle the dressing over the salad and toss to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Serve immediately or keep up to 2 days in the refrigerator until ready to serve., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar, 2 teaspoons sugar, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12pound macaroni pasta, cooked and rinsed about 4 cups cooked, 1 tablespoon roughly chopped fresh dill, 2 large stalks celery, diced, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and diced, 12 small red onion, diced and rinsed in cold water, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper], title: Classic Macaroni Salad, picturelink: null}, 460: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPuree the diced watermelon with 4 cups cold water in blender. Blend until smooth, and then pour into a pitcher  any ground seeds should remain in the bottom. Add 6 cups cold water and sweeten with sugar, as needed. Garnish with lime wedges., ingredients: [3 cups peeled, seeded watermelon, diced, 12 cup sugar, or as needed, Lime wedges, for garnish], title: Agua de Sandia Watermelon, picturelink: ruRxRt7mW6a8QGuuMYo8irmPBBj13qm}, 461: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, combine all of the spices. Remove and reserve 2 tablespoons of the mixture. Rinse the wings and pat dry. Add the wings to bowl with the spice mixture and stir to coat well. Loosely cover and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh heat with direct and indirect heat or preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nFor the grill: Cook the wings over direct heat until they are good and crispy, about 15 to 25 minutes. Turn them over and put them on indirect heat, turning frequently, as needed.nOven method: Line a baking sheet with a nonstick wire rack. Arrange the wings on the rack and bake them for 45 to 55 minutes, turning halfway through.nWhile the wings are grilling, in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil, garlic and jalapeno. Saute for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add the reserved 2 tablespoons of the spice mixture and 12 ounces of hot sauce. Bring to a simmer, add the butter, vinegar and lime juice. Hold warm until ready to serve.nWhen ready to serve, add the wings to a large serving bowl, pour in the sauce and toss., ingredients: [1 tablespoon granulated garlic, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 1 tablespoon freshly cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon white pepper, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 4 pounds chicken wings, sectioned into wings and drumettes, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 jalapeno, minced, 2 tablespoons reserved spice mixture, from above, 1 12ounce bottle hot pepper sauce recommended: Crystal hot sauce, 4 tablespoons butter, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoon lime juice], title: Aint No Thing Butta Chicken Wing, picturelink: 9xyy6T7biOpv45j2CdWp2Oct3kQCL3q}, 462: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the stock: Remove the skin from the turkey. Remove the meat from the bones, cut the meat into a medium dice and reserve for later use. Place the bones in a large stock pot. Add 3 gallons water, the chicken base and liquid smoke. Simmer for 4 hours then strain through cheesecloth. Cool and then skim off the fat from the top of the liquid.nFor the soup: Roast the red peppers. Place the peppers under the broiler until the skins become charred. Then place the peppers in a container and cover with a lid. Sweat the peppers until the skin peels off easily. Remove the skin and seeds. Dice the peppers, celery, carrots and onions. Set aside.nCook the wild rice in 8 cups water for approximately 1 hour.nTo assemble, melt the butter in large pot. Add the diced carrots, celery and onions. Cook for 5 minutes. Add the flour and cook another 5 minutes. Add the 3 gallons of turkey stock and simmer about 15 minutes. Place in a blender and puree the vegetables. Put the puree back into the pot and add the diced turkey, roasted peppers and rice. Stir in the halfandhalf.nServe while hot., ingredients: [1 whole smoked turkey, 6 ounces chicken base, 4 ounces liquid smoke, 8 red peppers, 4 ribs celery, 2 carrots, 2 onions, 1 pound wild rice, 1 12 pounds butter, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon white pepper ground, 12 cups halfandhalf], title: Smoked Turkey with Wild Rice, picturelink: EbUqOxplqsOIGgG4S5LI4aH9Vxxyj2}, 463: {instructions: Her version: Make the batter by mixing together the flour, salt, melted butter, cayenne and water until smooth, then leave to stand.nPeel the prawns, leaving the tip on the tail. Heat oil in a deep fryer or large heavy pot to 375 degrees F.nWhisk the egg white and fold into the batter. Holding each prawn by its tail, dip it into the batter and then lower into the oil. Let fry for 30 seconds, or until golden brown. Remove and drain on paper towels. Serve immediately with lemon wedges.nMy version: Remember that filo pastry becomes brittle if it is allowed to dry out, so as soon as you unwrap it cover it with a damp towel. Take a pastry sheet and brush with melted butter. Place a small dollop of jalapeno paste on the sheet, top with a prawn and season. Roll the prawn up in the pastry. Place the prawn parcel, seam side down, on a lightly greased baking sheet. When all the parcels have been prepared, bake in a preheated oven at 400 degrees for 20 minutes, or until golden brown., ingredients: [4 ounces flour, Salt, 3 tablespoons melted butter, Cayenne pepper, 6 fluid ounces tepid water, 1 pound raw tiger prawns in the shell, Oil for deep frying, 1 egg white, 1 pound filo pastry or spring roll skins, Melted butter, Jar of jalapeno paste, 20 raw tiger prawns, peeled, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Gambas en Gabardinas, picturelink: null}, 464: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nHeat butter in Dutch oven or heavy casserole pan. Season meat with salt and pepper, sprinkle with flour and stir to incorporate. Add the meat to the pot and cook until well browned, about 5 to 7 minutes.nAdd carrots, celery, onion, and fennel and cook for 5 minutes. Add garlic, herbs, and orange zest and cook for 2 minutes. Add wine and orange juice and reduce by 12. Add the stock and bring to a simmer.nSimmer for 15 minutes then transfer to oven. Cook for 1 12 to 2 hours, stirring occasionally. When the meat is very tender and the sauce is thickened, remove, and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 2 pounds beef chuck cubes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons flour, 2 carrots, peeled and diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 onion, diced, 1 bulb fennel, diced, 2 tablespoons garlic, chopped, 2 teaspoons herbs de Provence, 1 orange, zest and juiced, 2 cups red wine, 2 cups beef stock], title: Provencale Daube of Beef, picturelink: null}, 465: {instructions: Cook cracked wheat in butter for a couple of minutes. Add water and bring it to a boil. Cook over low heat for 20 minutes or until tender. Serve with grated Parmesan or serve with plain yogurt, sliced almonds and raisins., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 cup cracked wheat, 2 cups water], title: Cracked Wheat for the Kids, picturelink: null}, 466: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer, combine the sweet potatoes and 12 cup of the sugar, as well as the eggs, butter, milk, vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg and salt. Beat until thoroughly blended and smooth. Pour the mixture into the pie shell and sprinkle with the remaining 14 cup sugar. Allow the pie to stand for 15 minutes before baking to allow the sugar to melt.nBake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups canned sweet potatoes or 2 to 3 roasted, peeled and pureed sweet potatoes, 34 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, softened, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch salt, 1 unbaked 9inch pie shell, homemade or storebought], title: Sweet Potato Pie, picturelink: 0wyePaildBb6nBqf14P4zh3Kdx68GB2}, 467: {instructions: Combine all of the marinade ingredients. Add the beef and marinate for at least 2 hours or up to 8 hours in refrigerator.nHeat the vegetable oil in a wok on high heat. Wokfry beef in hot oil until halfcooked, about 1 minute. Add hoisin sauce and wokfry until meat is about 80 percent cooked. Add the peanuts and Thai basil and wokfry another 30 seconds., ingredients: [2 stalks lemongrass, pounded use only lower 6 inches, 2 tablespoons minced ginger, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 14 teaspoon fivespice powder, 2 tablespoons chili flakes, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 12 teaspoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 pound flank steak, sliced against the grain into 14 by 2inch pieces, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh roasted peanuts, 12 cup small Thai basil leaves], title: Seven Flavor Beef, picturelink: null}, 468: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Stack 2 large sheets of heavyduty foil spread the potatoes and onion wedges in the center. Fold up the sides to form a bowl shape. Dot the vegetables with2 tablespoons butter and sprinkle with 12 teaspoon salt pour in about twothirds of the beer. Lay another large sheet of foil on top crimp the edges to seal. Set the foil packet on the grill cover and cook until the potatoes are forktender, 20 to 25 minutes. Meanwhile, stack 2 more large sheets of foil and spread the shrimp in the center. Fold up the sides to form a bowl shape. Dot the shrimp with the remaining 1 tablespoon butter, sprinkle with the Old Bay and pour in the remaining beer. Top with another sheet of foil crimp the edges to seal. When the vegetables are almost done, add the shrimp foil packet to the grill cover and cook until the shrimp are pink, 6 to 8 minutes. Sprinkle the vegetables with the parsley, and salt to taste. Serve with the shrimp and the cooking liquid from the packets.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [1 12 pounds small potatoes, halved, 1 medium red onion, cut into wedges, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces, Kosher salt, 1 12ounce bottle lager beer, 1 12 pounds large shrimp, peeled and deveined tails left on, 34 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley], title: Grilled Beer and Butter Shrimp With Potatoes, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 469: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Arrange the short ribs in a 13by9inch baking dish and season with salt and pepper, to taste. In a small bowl, combine all the remaining ingredients and stir to incorporate. Pour the sauce over ribs and toss well, coating all the pieces. Cover with aluminum foil and roast until cooked through and tender, about 3 hours. Remove the foil during the last 30 minutes of cooking to brown the top. Transfer to a serving platter and serve., ingredients: [4 pounds boneless beef short ribs, cut into 3inch long pieces, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 23 cup light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon Hungarian paprika, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 12 teaspoon dried ground thyme, 23 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce], title: Easy BBQ Short Ribs, picturelink: UinKnleeV3CRBDgdt9PZZ1TW5CyFsr.}, 470: {instructions: Heat 13 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar is dissolved chill. Puree the cold syrup with 1 cup fresh mint and 12 cup fresh cilantro, then strain. Rub the rims of 4 rocks glasses with a slice of jalapeno and a lime wedge dip in salt and then in sugar. Fill with ice. Combine half of the herb syrup, the juice of 1 lime and 12 cup tequila in a shaker shake, then strain into 2 glasses. Repeat. Top the drinks with ginger beer.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Green Hornet, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 471: {instructions: Grind peppercorns and coriander in coffee grinder until coarse. Put this mixture in a bowl and add dill, salt, and sugar. Coat both sides of salmon with this mix and chill for 1 hour. Rub cure off salmon and dry any moisture with a towel before slicing into 1inch thick pieces. Heat a couple tablespoons of oil and butter together in a large nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add as many salmon pieces as will fit, and sear until medium rare or cooked to desired degree of doneness, turning pieces when halfway through cooking. Repeat as needed. Serve salmon with Carrot Tortellini and Red PepperCumin Sauce.nPreheat oven to 200 degrees F. Boil carrots until completely cooked, drain, and then dry on a sheet pan in the oven until dried. Puree carrots in a blender while still hot. Add hot browned butter and puree until combined. Season with salt, pepper, and cumin powder, to taste. Set aside until cooled. When cooled, put mixture in a pastry bag.nPut flour and salt in a food processor and blend for 15 seconds. With machine on, add yolks, egg, and oil. When dough starts to form a ball, remove from processor and finish kneading by hand. Wrap dough in plastic and let rest in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. Set the smooth rollers of a pasta maker at the widest setting. Feed dough through the rollers. Reduce setting and repeat process until pasta maker is at narrowest setting. Avoid using too much extra flour, which will make the tortellini hard to close later. Cut pasta sheets into 2inch circles or squares. Place a teaspoonful of filling in the center. Fold in half to form a halfcircle and bring the 2 points of the halfcircle together, curling the tortellini around the finger to form a little ring, pinching edges together. You can freeze until ready to cook. To cook, drop tortellini in salted boiling water and cook for 4 to 5 minutes. Strain and serve.nIn a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat, saute shallots and peppers in butter. Add cumin, salt, and pepper, to taste. Deglaze with vinegar and white wine and cook until reduced by 34. Add veal stock and simmer slowly for 15 minutes. Strain through a chinois and chill until ready to use., ingredients: [12 cup black peppercorns, 12 cup coriander seed, 12 cup fresh dill, finely chopped, 2 34 cups sea salt, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 side salmon, filleted about 36 ounces, Oil, for sauteing, Butter, for sauteing, Carrot Tortellini, recipe follows, Red PepperCumin Sauce, recipe follows, 19 ounces organic carrots, 7 ounces browned butter, hot, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, Ground cumin, 18 ounces soft wheat flour recommended: Delverde 00 soft wheat flour, 1 pinch kosher salt, 11 ounces egg yolks, 1 whole egg, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 7 ounces shallots, thinly sliced, 2 red peppers, peeled seeded, and chopped, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pinch ground cumin, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3.5 ounces sherry vinegar, 11 ounces white wine, 1 quart veal stock], title: Seared Salmon, Carrot Tortellini, Red PepperCumin Sauce, picturelink: null}, 472: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nMix the butter, brown sugar and white sugar until combined. Add the eggs and vanilla and mix together.nIn a separate bowl, stir together the flour, salt, baking soda and instant coffee. Add to the wet ingredients in batches, mixing gently after each addition. Gently mix in the chocolate chips or chunks.nThoroughly grease and flour a quarter sheet pan or a 9 by 13inch baking pan. Spread the cookie dough into the pan, spreading out the surface.nBake for 15 to 18 minutes until done longer if needed to make sure its set. If doubling the recipe then increase the cooking time to 20 to 22 minutes.nTo serve, warm the hot fudge and caramel sauces. Place a square of cookie on a plate. Top with a scoop of ice cream, followed by drizzles of both hot fudge and caramel sauces. Finish with whipped cream and a cherry., ingredients: [2 sticks butter, softened, plus more for greasing, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup white sugar, 2 whole eggs, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon heaping instant coffee granules, 8 ounces chocolate chips or chocolate chunks more to taste, Hot fudge, for drizzling, Caramel sauce, for drizzling, Vanilla ice cream, Whipped cream, Maraschino cherries], title: Chocolate Chip Caramel Ice Cream Sundae, picturelink: llDrD2qcb7qIQ8YAzK0t.sjm2mKQ9A6}, 473: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nBring a medium saucepan of water to a boil. Add the broccoli and cook until bright green, tendercrisp and slightly undercooked, 2 minutes. Drain and set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons of the oil in a large nonstick skillet set over medium heat. Add the onions and garlic, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions are soft, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the mushrooms, carrots and peppers, and cook, stirring occasionally, until the carrots are fork tender, 10 to 12 minutes. Combine with the broccoli.nBring the chicken broth to a boil in a medium saucepan immediately reduce the heat to low and whisk in the cashew butter until the mixture is smooth. Stir in 1 teaspoon of the lemon juice and the mustard, and season with salt and pepper. Gently toss with the vegetables.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat add the zucchini and cook, stirring occasionally, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the remaining 1 teaspoon lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Serve the zucchini pasta topped with the vegetables., ingredients: [2 cups fresh or frozen broccoli florets, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 34 cup 14inchthick halfmoon slices onion, 4 cloves garlic, minced, 2 cups 14inchthick sliced white mushrooms, 1 cup 14inchthick sliced carrots, 1 cup 14inchthick sliced red bell peppers, 1 cup unsalted chicken broth, 3 tablespoons cashew butter, 2 teaspoons lemon juice, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound zucchini, cut into long strands with a julienne peeler or mandolin], title: GlutenFree Zucchini Pasta Primavera, picturelink: o511cUH61M8gI9i0PZRHSTXiWvoqgCe}, 474: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSpray a baking sheet with olive oil nonstick cooking spray. Line baking sheet with parchment paper, and then spray paper with cooking spray. Place 12 cup shredded cheese on half of the baking sheet and shape into circle about 5 inches in diameter. Form a second circle on other half of baking sheet. Try using a frozen whipped topping plastic top as a pattern for shaping the cheese crisps.nBake for about 5 minutes, or until cheese is golden around edges. Using a wide spatula, carefully turn cheese rounds over. Bake for about 2 minutes longer, or until deep golden color around edges and set in center. Using the spatula, carefully remove rounds and drape them over a large rolling pin suspended like a bridge between 2 tall cans to shape. Let cool while shaped over rolling pin. Repeat with remaining cheese to make 2 more circles.nIn a medium bowl, combine mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, and onion. Add dressing and toss to combine. To serve, place a cheese crisp on each of 4 salad plates and then top with a spoonful of salad., ingredients: [1 7ounce container shredded Parmesan, Romano, and Asiago cheese blend, 1 4.5ounce jar whole mushrooms, 1 cup halved cherry tomatoes, 1 12 cups baby spinach leaves, 13 cup thinly sliced red onion, 14 cup Italian dressing], title: Mushroom Salad in Cheese Crisps, picturelink: .iwi85bDmJChRAI0gH9OsOgWgXOByW}, 475: {instructions: Make the seasoning mix: Combine the paprika, sugar and onion powder in a small bowl. Store in an airtight container for up to 6 months.nMake the barbecue spaghetti: Combine the ketchup, both sugars, 1 12 teaspoons pepper, the onion powder, mustard powder, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, cider vinegar, 13 cup seasoning mix and 1 cup water in a large pot or Dutch oven. Bring to a boil over high heat, stirring frequently to prevent the sauce from sticking to the pot. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, 1 hour.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the bell pepper and onion and cook, stirring, until the vegetables soften, about 5 minutes. Add the sauteed vegetables and pulled pork to the sauce and continue to simmer, 1 more hour.nBring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Cook the spaghetti as the label directs. Drain, then add to the pot with the sauce and toss.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [1 cup paprika, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 34 cups ketchup, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, 14 cup granulated sugar, Freshly ground pepper, 1 12 teaspoons onion powder, 1 12 teaspoons mustard powder, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 medium red or green bell pepper, diced, 1 medium onion, diced, 1 12 pounds pulled pork, Kosher salt, 1 pound spaghetti], title: Barbecue Spaghetti, picturelink: LBSPviGxQEROhT9Quel7tScM4yEW2}, 476: {instructions: Make the cookies: In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream butter and granulated sugar until completely smooth, about 3 minutes. Add egg, and continue mixing until well combined. In a small bowl, whisk together cocoa powder and flour. Add dry ingredients to butter mixture, and continue mixing, scraping the sides of the bowl down, until just combined. Divide the dough in half, and shape each half into a small disk wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate until firm, at least 1 hour. The dough can also be made a day ahead and refrigerated overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nLine 2 baking sheets with silpat nonstick baking mats or parchment paper. Lightly sprinkle a clean work surface with confectioners sugar. Place the chilled dough on the work surface. Roll out dough to 18inch thick. Save the scraps to refrigerate and roll out again. Using a 2inch cookie cutter, cut out the cookies, and place on the prepared baking sheets, about 12inch apart. You should be able to fit about 35 cookies on a baking sheet. Bake until you can smell the chocolate, about 12 minutes. Remove to a rack to cool.nMeanwhile, make the ganache: In a small saucepan, bring cream to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Very finely chop 6 ounces of chocolate, and add to hot cream. Stir with a rubber spatula until the chocolate is melted and smooth. Add peppermint oil. Let cool slightly, about 10 to 15 minutes.nTransfer ganache to a pastry bag fitted with a 11 tip. Pipe out quartersize amounts of chocolate, about 1 teaspoon each, onto the center of half the cooled wafers. Top with the remaining wafers. Chill in the refrigerator until firm, about 10 minutes.nMelt remaining chocolate in the top of a double boiler over medium heat. Let cool slightly. Dip 1 side of the cookie sandwich to coat. Remove excess chocolate by scraping the cookie against the side of the bowl. Return to the refrigerator until chocolate is set, about 10 minutes., ingredients: [8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, room temperature, 1 cup cocoa powder, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, for dusting, 14 cup heavy cream, 12 ounces semisweet chocolate, 2 to 3 drops peppermint oil or 12 teaspoon peppermint extract], title: Chocolate Mint Wafer, picturelink: null}, 477: {instructions: 1.Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Combine sausage, 1 cup shredded cheese, ricotta cheese, onions and tomatoes in large bowl.n2. Brush tops of mushroom caps with oil place, topsides down, in shallow baking pan. Top with sausage mixture. Drizzle with vinegar, if desired. Sprinkle with remaining shredded cheese.n3. Bake 1012 minutes or until mushrooms are tender., ingredients: [1 pkg. Jimmy Deanu00ae Original Hearty Pork Sausage Crumbles, 2 cups 8 ounces shredded Italian cheese blend, divided, 12 cup ricotta cheese, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons finely chopped sundried tomatoes, rehydrated, 12 medium portobello mushroom caps 3 124 inch diameter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar optional], title: Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: 8U9psDdRrgL0lS1piYtFy4s5qQg5ySO}, 478: {instructions: In a small bowl, sprinkle the gelatin over the water and let soak 10 minutes do not stir.nMeanwhile, heat the cream, sugar, orange peel, and vanilla in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally, to dissolve the sugar. As soon as it simmers, turn off the heat and add the gelatin mixture, stirring to dissolve the gelatin. If the gelatin doesnu00bft completely dissolve in 3 minutes, return to the heat and warm gently until dissolved.nStrain the mixture into a pitcher to remove the vanilla bean and orange rind. Pour the mixture into 6 to 8 ramekins or dessert cups, or into 1 larger dish. Chill, uncovered, at least 3 hours.nTo unmold, dip the cups in hot water for 10 seconds, then turn the panna cottas out onto dessert plates or, simply serve in the cups or by the spoonful. Shave some chocolate curls onto the top of the panna cottas and serve with the orange supremes.nNotes about the recipe: I love panna cotta because you can combine milks and creams to make it sweeter, more tart, or creamier. And then the flavor can be anything you can imagine goes well with dairyu00bfraspberry, citrus, coffee, tea, what ever So its one of those really flexible desserts that you can tailor to fit the flavors in the rest of your menu, and flexible almost never happens when it comes to a dessert recipe. Also, you can vary the container you make it in and turn it out to serve it or leave it in. Try using eggcups, demitasse cups, a hollowed out clean eggshell, shot glasses, anything will do. These are ingredients you might already have in your kitchen, too, so it cuts down on shopping, which is key for me. When I want to cook, I want to get right to it and not have to make a trip to the grocery just to get my hands into some dessert, ingredients: [1 tablespoon powdered gelatin, 3 tablespoons water, 4 cups heavy cream, or a combination of cream with milk or buttermilk, 34 cup sugar, 6 wide strips fresh orange peel orange part onlyno white pith, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, Semisweet chocolate curls, for garnish optional, Orange supremes segments, for garnish], title: Orange Panna Cotta, picturelink: pzb0rKRifLWh9UQz5rV2QS8ptlAt9Hu}, 479: {instructions: Put 14 cup sugar in a shallow plate. In a bowl, combine the tamarind, hot sauce, salt, and remaining sugar. Using your hands, mix the ingredients together. Divide the tamarind mixture into bitesize portions, and shape into balls. Add the tamarind balls to the sugar, and roll to coat evenly., ingredients: [1 14 cups sugar, 1 7ounce package tamarind paste, 1 tablespoon Thaistyle hot sauce recommended: Sriracha, Pinch salt], title: Tamarind Balls, picturelink: null}, 480: {instructions: Special equipment: 2 yards wet burlap 3 galvanized washtub easy to find at a local hardware storenStart the fire 1 hour in advance, making sure the coals are white hot before you begin cooking.nSpread 12 of the seaweed on the bottom of the tub to protect the lobsters from burning. Place lobsters on top of seaweed. Place the corn on top of the lobster, and the potatoes on top of the corn. Arrange the raw clams on top of the vegetables and top with the remaining seaweed. Pour the wine into the tub. Place the wet burlap over the food and tuck the edges into the tub to retain the steam inside.nPlace the tub on top of the coals. Every 15 minutes, moisten the burlap with water. Cook for about 45 minutes.nServe the lobster bake strewn out on newspapers, with melted butter, piles of coarse sea salt, and favorite spices as condiments.nYou can do this on a stovetop using the exact same method. Be sure to place the pot overlapping a couple of burners to get the heat you will need., ingredients: [15 pounds of seaweed your fish person can get you some, 16 1 12 pound lobsters See Cooks Note, 16 ears corn, shucked, 5 pounds red potatoes, parboiled halfway in salted water, 10 pounds large clams, 1 750 ml bottle white wine], title: Backyard Lobster Bake, picturelink: null}, 481: {instructions: Combine the sugar, syrup, and vanilla in a mediumsize saucepan. Stir over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved.nContinue to cook to 300 degrees F, on a candy thermometer or hard crack stage, about 10 minutes. Cooks Note: You can use a candy thermometer or a simple trick: take a spoon and drop a tiny drizzle of the mixture into a bowl of water. If it crystallizes, youve reached the hard crack stage.nRemove from the heat, using a wooden spoon, stir in the baking soda quickly. It will become frothy. Pour into an 8 by 8inch20 by 20cm pan, lined with parchment paper and buttered.nLet cool for about 30 minutes and break into pieces., ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 1 cup corn syrup, 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon baking soda], title: Sponge Toffee, picturelink: null}, 482: {instructions: Special equipment: ToothpicksnCarefully wash and dry the 4 largest outer romaine leaves, trying not to tear them. Cut the leaves at the base, where they were connected to the root the leaves should be about 9 inches long. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the center rib so the leaves roll up more easily. Set aside.nStir the cream cheese, scallions, mustard, 14 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper in a medium bowl to combine.nLay 1 of the tortillas on a clean work surface, and place 1 of the romaine leaves neatly on top. Place 2 slices of the ham next to each other to fit neatly on top of the lettuce. Spread 2 tablespoons of the cream cheese mixture over the ham, then line up a quarter of the roasted pepper strips along one edge. Line up 14 cup of the shredded carrots on top of the peppers. Roll up the wrap tightly, starting from the edge with the peppers and carrots, so the wrap holds together with the peppers and carrots in the middle. Place the wrap seamside down. Repeat with the remaining tortillas, peppers, carrots, ham and cream cheese mixture. Cut the wraps into 1inch pieces, then skewer each piece from the top through the seam side with a toothpick or skewer., ingredients: [1 large head romaine lettuce, 4 ounces whipped cream cheese, 4 scallions, thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon yellow mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Four 10inch flour tortillas, 8 slices deli ham about 8 ounces, 1 whole roasted pepper from a jar, sliced into 14inch strips about 12 cup, 1 cup shredded carrots], title: Kids Can Make: Ham and Scallion Cream Cheese Pinwheel Sandwiches, picturelink: UuUHzJb4O4KaszivLFq2eq9OYVzmjQ6}, 483: {instructions: Fill a large pot with water and put over mediumhigh heat. Add the white whole scallion pieces, the ginger, garlic and a healthy pinch of salt. Bring to a boil, and cook about 5 minutes to infuse the water with the flavors.nCarefully add the rice to the boiling water, stir, and simmer the rice until cooked through but firm, about 15 minutes. During the last few minutes of cooking, add the edamame to the simmering water.nMeanwhile, slice the scallion greens and reserve. Drain the rice in a colander remove the scallions, ginger and garlic, and discard. Transfer to a serving bowl and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Add 34 of the scallion greens and stir with a fork to fluff the rice and combine the ingredients.nGarnish the rice with the remaining scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 scallions, green and white parts separated, 1 2inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and cut into large chunks, 2 garlic cloves, minced, Kosher salt, 1 12 cups basmati white rice, 1 cup shelled frozen edamame, Freshly cracked black pepper], title: Ginger Edamame Rice, picturelink: FrS8Tdvxo6uq1X8dYyiaJ2Lo6W6R4a}, 484: {instructions: Tie the pork roast with butchers twine at one  inch intervals to help it maintain a round shape for even cooking a butcher will also be able to do this for you. The pork roast should be approximately 12  inches in length, not doubled and tied. Rub the roast with the oil and vinegar. Place the lemon zest, garlic, kosher salt, thyme, and peppercorns in the work bowl of your Cuisinartu00ae Food Processor. Process on Grind for 10 seconds, stop and scrape the work bowl, process on Grind 5  10 seconds longer, until the mixture resembles a coarse paste. Rub the paste evenly all over the surface of the roast. The meat may be roasted immediately or covered loosely with waxed paper, and refrigerated for up to 8 hours the longer the rub is on the meat, the more intense the flavor will be. If refrigerated for longer than 1 hour, take the meat out of the refrigerator 20  30 minutes before roasting. Arrange the rack in Position A and preheat the Cuisinartu00ae TOBSeries Toaster Oven Broiler to 450 degrees F Bake Setting. Arrange the rack in the drip pan in the upper most position and coat lightly with cooking spray. Center the roast on the rack and roast in the preheated 450 degrees F oven for 15 minutes. Lower the temperature to 325 degrees F and continue roasting for an additional 35  45 minutes, until the temperature when tested in the center of the roast is 155  160 degrees F. Turn off the oven, transfer the roast to a warm platter, and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing. Use the Cuisinartu00ae CEK  40 Electric Knife to carve roast into slices 14inch thick or less, as preferred., ingredients: [1 boneless pork loin roast, about 3 pounds about 10  12 inches in length, 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 4 strips lemon zest 2 x 12inches, about the zest of 12 lemon, bitter white pith removed, 3 cloves garlic, peeled, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon thyme use 2  3 teaspoons if using fresh thyme leaves, 12 teaspoon black peppercorns], title: Lemon Thyme Pork Loin Roast, picturelink: null}, 485: {instructions: Soak the garbanzo beans in water overnight to sprout the beans. The beans will absorb water and expand to fill 3 cups.nFor the falafel: Combine the garlic, onions and parsley in a food processor and process until fine. Add the garbanzo beans, flour, baking powder, cumin, sugar and salt and mix well.nRoll the falafel mixture into golfballsize balls. Heat some olive oil in a pan, then fry the falafel until golden brown on both sides. Remove from the heat and let sit at room temperature for 10 minutes in order to let the falafel become firm. Lightly fry again before serving to crisp and warm through.nSpread a thick layer of hummus onto each pita, then lay the falafels down on top. Cover with the caramelized onions, roasted red peppers and grilled eggplant. Drizzle with tahini sauce and garnish with the chopped parsley. Add a handful of fresh mesclun greens, wrap up and serve., ingredients: [1 12 cups garbanzo beans, 3 cloves garlic, 1 12 white onions, quartered, 12 bunch fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons garbanzo flour, 12 tablespoon baking powder, 12 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon sea salt, Olive oil, for frying], title: Wolf and Bears Falafel, picturelink: null}, 486: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 170 to 180 degrees F.nIn a large skillet over medium heat, cook the onions until softened. Then add the ground beef and cook until the beef is cooked through. Add the cumin, chili powder, oregano and salt and stir to combine. Pour 2 cans of the Mexican tomato sauce into the meat and simmer over low heat for 5 minutes. Add a little water if the mixture gets too dry.nMeanwhile, heat the refried beans in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the cheese, and stir it in till its melted. Remove from the heat.nHeat the tortillas in the microwave for 1 minute, and then spread a small amount of beans on each tortilla. Add a small amount of the meat. Fold over the ends of the tortilla, and then roll them up. Repeat with the rest of the tortillas. Then place them in a large baking dish, cover with foil and keep warm in the oven.nWhen ready to serve, drizzle the remaining can of tomato sauce over all of the burritos and sprinkle with more grated Cheddar. Return to the oven for a couple of minutes just to melt the cheese.nSprinkle the tops with the cilantro leaves and serve immediately to the forkbangers in your life. Theyll kiss you and hug you. Repeatedly., ingredients: [1 medium onion, diced, 2 pounds ground beef, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon chili powder, 14 teaspoon ground oregano, 14 teaspoon salt, Three 7ounce cans Mexican tomato sauce I use El Patobrand or enchilada sauce, One 28ounce can refried beans, 34 cup grated Cheddar, plus extra for sprinkling, 12 burritosize flour tortillas, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Beef and Bean Burritos, picturelink: gYWRDS1jrp.bRrEtqVw75XXS3ncY7SC}, 487: {instructions: Make the 3 sauces first to allow them to sit for 30 minutes before serving. Arrange seafood over ice on a 3tiered platter. Serve immediately with 3 sauces.nBlack Pepper Mignonette:nWhisk all ingredients together in a small bowl. Let sit for 30 minutes before serving.nWhisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. Let sit for at least 30 minutes before serving.nWhisk together all ingredients in a small bowl. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Black Pepper Mignonette, recipe follows, Red Chile Cocktail Sauce, recipe follows, Creamy Mustard Sauce, recipe follows, Stone crab claws, Cooked large shrimp, Selection of raw oysters, Selection of raw clams, Cooked mussels, 1 cup red wine vinegar, 1 to 2 shallots, finely chopped, 1 teaspoon cracked black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 cup ketchup, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 14 cup prepared horseradish, drained, Salt and pepper, 1 cup prepared goodquality mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard, Salt and pepper], title: Plateau Fruits de Mer, picturelink: null}, 488: {instructions: Position a rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Combine the bread crumbs, 12 cup of the Parmesan cheese, fresh herbs, salt and pepper in a pie plate. Set aside. In a shallow bowl, whisk the eggs and water. Set aside. On a plate, spread the allpurpose flour. Coat the veal scallops with the flour and shake off the excess. Dip in the egg mixture and then coat with the bread crumb mixture, patting with your fingers to make the crumbs adhere.nHeat olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the veal and saute until lightly browned, 2 to 3 minutes. Using tongs, turn the cutlets and cook, 2 to 3 minutes more, adding a little more oil if the pan looks dry. Remove veal scallops to a plate and blot with paper towels.nLightly oil a baking pan or shallow baking dish. Spoon into the pan 12 cup of the tomato sauce. Arrange the veal scallops over the sauce, slightly overlapping them. Sprinkle with 4 tablespoons of the Parmesan cheese. Cover with the remaining tomato sauce. Top with the mozzarella slices and the remaining Parmesan cheese. Cover the pan with aluminum foil and bake until heated through, 20 to 30 minutes. If you wish to brown the top, remove the foil and run the dish briefly under a broiler., ingredients: [1 12 cups dry, unseasoned bread crumbs, 1 cup, plus 4 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon each minced fresh parsley and basil, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon water, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 8 veal scallops, 13 cup olive oil, 1 12 cups tomato sauce, 8 slices mozzarella cheese], title: Veal Parmigiana, picturelink: null}, 489: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add the turkey and scallions and cook, stirring to break up any large chunks, until browned and cooked through, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool slightly.nWhisk the eggs, egg whites, milk and 12 teaspoon each salt and pepper in a large bowl until combined. Add the cooked sausage, spinach, cheeses and bread and toss to distribute ingredients evenly.nSpray a 3quart casserole dish with cooking spray. Spread the egg mixture evenly in the dish. Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or preferably overnight.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Bake the casserole, uncovered, until set and lightly browned on top, about 30 minutes.nMakeAhead Tip: Freeze the baked casserole for up to 2 weeks. Cover with foil and reheat at 350 degrees F until hot, 35 to 45 minutes., ingredients: [8 ounces spicy or sweet turkey sausage links, casings removed, meat crumbled, 2 scallions, sliced, 6 large eggs and 6 large egg whites, 1 34 cups 1percent milk, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 9ounce package frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained of excess liquid, 34 cup shredded Cheddar, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 12 whole wheat baguette, cut into 34inch cubes about 4 cups, Cooking spray], title: Breakfast Casserole, picturelink: JHK3yJCFzTCkyZ0a0IaMqgShBYrpw5K}, 490: {instructions: Finely grate 1 teaspoon of the zest from the blood oranges into a bowl using a rasp grater or lemon zester. Peel and segment the oranges or slice into rounds and add to the bowl with the zest. Add the feta, olives, olive oil, mint, oregano, jalapenos, cucumbers, onions and some salt and pepper and toss to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nNote: This recipe has been updated and may differ from what was originally published or broadcast., ingredients: [4 blood oranges, 1 cup crumbled feta, 12 cup chopped black olives, 14 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh mint, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and diced or keep the seeds in for some extra spice, 12 large cucumber, cut into thick slices then quartered, 12 red onion, diced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Greek Citrus Salad, picturelink: LxAJONm3YZKyGXPiqB1yyy9KMdUSWPe}, 491: {instructions: Peel and seed cantaloupe and puree them in a food processor with grated orange zest and orange juice and a pinch of ground cinnamon for flavor.nEither puree in it or top with sour cream or yogurt. Right before serving scissor a little bit of fresh basil leaves over the top., ingredients: [1 ripe cantaloupe, very cold, 14 teaspoon freshly grated orange zest, Orange juice to thin, Pinch ground cinnamon, Sour cream or yogurt for garnish, Fresh basil leaves for garnish], title: Melon Soup, picturelink: null}, 492: {instructions: With kitchen shears, cut through the shell of the shrimp down the back to the tail. Remove the vein and rinse them well. Butterfly the shrimp by cutting almost all the way through the shrimp with a knife. Pat dry and set aside.nHeat 2 inches of peanut oil in a wok or deep skillet to 375 degrees F.nWhile the oil is heating, whisk the eggs and club soda together in a large bowl. Whisk in 2 cups cornstarch making sure to get out any lumps. The batter should be the consistency of heavy cream. Season generously with salt and pepper  remember it is called Salt and Pepper ShrimpnPut the remaining cornstarch on a platter and season it well with salt and pepper. Working in batches, dredge the shrimp in the cornstarch and shake off any excess. Dip the shrimp in the batter and let the excess batter drip off. Slide the shrimp into the hot oil and cook about 3 minutes until golden brown, turning them once during cooking. Remove and drain on paper towels. Scoop out any floating bits of batter from the oil, they will burn. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper while theyre still hot and put them onto a serving platter.nWhen all the shrimp have been cooked, carefully pour out all but 2 tablespoons oil into a safe container. Add the chilies, garlic, and ginger and stirfry for about 1 minute. Take the wok off the heat and pour in the soy sauce and sake. Cook for 1 minute, then pour this mixture over the fried shrimp. Garnish with cilantro., ingredients: [2 pounds extralarge shrimp, shells on, Peanut oil, for frying, 2 large eggs, 1 cup chilled club soda, 3 cups cornstarch, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 serrano chilies, sliced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, plus more for garnish, 1 tablespoon lowsodium soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sake], title: Salt and Pepper Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 493: {instructions: Combine the raisins, sugar, apricots, dates, honey, cardamom, cinnamon stick and nutmeg in 2 12 cups water in a medium saucepan over high heat and bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Reduce the heat to low and simmer until the mixture reduces to a thin syrup, about 20 minutes.nSlowly pour the mixture through a finemesh strainer, gently pressing on the fruit to extract all the syrup. Discard the solids. Stir in the almond extract. Add the food coloring a drop at a time until the desired shade is reached. Allow the soda syrup to cool completely before bottling, about 30 minutes.nSuggestion for use: Fill a glass with 8 ounces of cold seltzer water, then add 2 tablespoons soda syrup and stir gently feel free to add more or less syrup to taste. Garnish with an orange slice., ingredients: [1 cup golden raisins, 1 12 cups sugar, 12 cup dried apricots, roughly chopped, 12 cup pitted dates, chopped, 12 cup honey, 3 cardamom pods, 1 cinnamon stick, 12 a whole nutmeg, 1 teaspoon almond extract, Purple food coloring, as desired], title: Sugarplum Soda Syrup, picturelink: 26bbeNSLdoKeUdje1Yv70W0RipNtx.}, 494: {instructions: Whisk together the ketchup, mayonnaise, vinegar, celery seeds, paprika, and some salt and pepper.nPut the cabbage, carrot, green onions and Spanish onions in a large bowl season with salt and pepper, and toss to combine. Pour the dressing over the vegetables and toss again. Cover and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 8 hours., ingredients: [14 cup ketchup, 14 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon celery seeds, 1 teaspoon hot smoked paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 head green cabbage, finely shredded, 1 medium carrot, peeled and shredded, 6 green onions, green and pale green parts only, thinly sliced, 3 tablespoons grated Spanish onion], title: Russian Dressing Slaw, picturelink: null}, 495: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nRub 1 of the garlic cloves all over the inside of a large 1 12 quart oval casserole dish. Smear some of the olive oil all over the inside of the dish. Mince the rest of the garlic.nHeat the rest of the oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Add the garlic, onion, and pepper, season with the salt and pepper, and cook until tender, about 8 minutes. Add the vermouth and simmer to reduce by about half.nUsing a mandoline or vegetable slicer, slice the potatoes about 18inch thick and add them to the pan with the water, salt, pepper to taste. Bring to a boil over mediumhigh heat and cook, stirring, until the mixture has thickened slightly, about 2 minutes.nStir in the basil.nTransfer the mixture to the prepared baking dish and shake the pan to distribute the potatoes evenly. Season with salt and pepper. Slice the tomatoes about a 14inch thick and arrange them in a shingled pattern on top of the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil.nBake, uncovered, until the potatoes are tender about 1 12 hours. Sprinkle the cheese over the top and bake until brown and bubbly, about 15 minutes more. Remove from the oven and let casserole cool 10 minutes before serving. This can also be served at room temperature., ingredients: [4 large clove garlic, smashed, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 medium yellow onion, sliced, 1 red pepper, peeled, seeded and diced 34 cup, 14 cup dry white vermouth, 2 pounds Yukon gold or other waxy potatoes about 4 to 5, peeled, 1 cup water, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 pound plum tomatoes, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup freshly grated Parmesan], title: Provencal Potato Gratin, picturelink: TfV0T0gBrVnUpuDZautoFxm9z6TbFVu}, 496: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Mix the soy sauce, maple syrup, orange juice, 2 garlic cloves and 2 tablespoons water in a large bowl add the salmon and turn to coat. Cover and refrigerate 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, put the cauliflower and broth in a microwavesafe bowl cover loosely with plastic wrap and microwave until tender, 6 minutes.nCoat a rimmed baking sheet with cooking spray. Drain the fish, season with salt and pepper and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until slightly golden around the edges, 8 to 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the olive oil and remaining garlic clove in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat cook, breaking up the garlic with a spoon, until softened, about 2 minutes. Add the cauliflower and broth, the cranberries, pistachios, orange zest, parsley, 14 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste and stir to heat through. Serve with the fish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons lowsodium soy sauce, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 4 5ounce skinless centercut salmon fillets preferably wild, 4 cups cauliflower florets from 1 small head, 14 cup fatfree lowsodium chicken broth or use water, Cooking spray, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons dried cranberries, 2 tablespoons chopped pistachios or almonds, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley], title: SoyMaple Salmon, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 497: {instructions: In a large bowl, beat the eggs until frothy. Beat in a small portion of the water, followed by a small portion of the flour. Continue adding water and flour, beating after each addition, to make a smooth batter. Season with salt. Line a baking sheet with waxed paper or plastic wrap. Set aside. Brush a 8inch crepe pan or nonstick pan with olive oil. Warm the pan over medium high heat. Pour 14 cup of the batter into the pan. Swirl the batter around the pan to evenly coat the bottom, and pour any excess batter into the bowl. The batter should cover the bottom of the pan in a thin layer. Cook the crepe until bubbles appear, about 1 minute. Flip the crepe over and cook the other side for an additional minute. Remove to the prepared baking sheet and continue cooking crepes, placing waxed paper or plastic wrap over each one on the baking sheet. If the crepes begin to stick to the pan, brush it with more oil. With this batter you will be able to make 24 crepes. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Divide 12 cup of the tomato sauce between 2 large baking dishes, and spread to cover the bottom with a thin layer. In a large bowl, stir together the ricotta, mozzarella, egg, parsley, besiamella, and spinach. Stir in 1 tablespoon of the Romano cheese and season with salt. Spread a rounded tablespoon of the filling across the bottom third of one crepe. Roll the crepe closed and place, seam side down, in one of the prepared baking dishes. Continue filling crepes and arranging them in the baking dishes, making sure that their sides dont touch. Spread a generous teaspoon of tomato sauce across the top of each crepe. Sprinkle with the remaining 3 tablespoons Romano cheese. Cover the baking dishes with aluminum foil and bake until the crepes puff, about 20 minutes. Remove the foil and bake until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Serve immediately, with remaining warm tomato sauce and grated Romano or Parmesan cheese if desired., ingredients: [3 large eggs, 1 34 cups water, 1 12 cups all purpose flour, Kosher salt, Olive oil for the pan, 1 12 cups basic tomato sauce, pureed in a blender, 2 pounds wholemilk or part skim ricotta cheese, 1 cup grated mozzarella cheese, 1 large egg, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 12 cup Besciamella basic bechamel, 12 cup chopped cooked spinach, all liquid squeezed out, Kosher salt, 14 cup finely grated pecorino Romano or Parmesan cheese, Grated Pecorino Romano or Parmesan cheese for serving], title: Manicotti, picturelink: null}, 498: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nPeel, core and slice apples. Place the bread slices in a food processor and blend to make fresh crumbs or finely chop it up. Rub a 1quart baking dish thickly with butter then sprinkle liberally with brown sugar. Add alternating layers of sliced apples, sugar, and bread crumbs, then repeat, ending with bread crumbs. Thickly sprinkle with sugar and dot with extra butter. Sprinkle on the water. Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour until well browned on the top. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [1 12 pounds cooking apples recommended: McIntosh or Granny Smith, 4 slices whole wheat bread, 12 cup butter, 34 cup packed brown sugar, 2 tablespoons water], title: Apple Brown Betty, picturelink: null}, 499: {instructions: Heat the butter and fry the sage leaves. Remove the sage leaves and continue to cook the butter until brown. Reserve.nPound out the chicken breasts and sprinkle with salt and pepper.nLay 5 sage leaves across each chicken breast and wrap in prosciutto. Cook in a pan over mediumhigh heat with olive oil. Flip once cooked through. Remove from the heat and let rest.nCook the pasta according to package directions. Remove from the water and toss with Parmesan, the reserved brown butter, garlic, lemon zest and lemon juice.nSlice the chicken saltimbocca and place on top of the pasta., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 10 fresh sage leaves, 2 chicken breasts, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 to 6 pieces prosciutto, Olive oil, 1 pound fresh angel hair pasta, Grated Parmesan, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 lemons, zested and juiced], title: Chicken Saltimbocca with Brown Butter Angel Hair Pasta, picturelink: 72A6BG.d1MUy0u2x28Od2hxpLhOXZXm}, 500: {instructions: Making an ice sculpture is very easy if you use this method. The molds I used are decorative and easy to unmold because they are flexible. All you are doing in this recipe is freezing water.nSelect flexible silicone molds to create the sculpture base and cake stand. I used 3 molds. For the sculpture base, I used a small sunflower and centered it in the mold place flowers upside down. When the flower is in place, fill the mold 13 full with water. Place the mold in the freezer. If all of the water is added at this time, the flower will float to the top. When the water has frozen, remove the mold from the freezer and add more water so the mold is 23s full. Return the mold to the freezer. The mold must be filled in stages to keep the previously frozen ice from floating to the top of the mold. When the additional water is frozen, remove from the freezer, fill the mold with water and return to the freezer. Repeat these steps using the other molds and use any flowers or fresh leaves to decorate your sculpture.nApply the same technique to plastic water bottle that has been cut to size. This can be the column that supports the other ice bases.nWhen all of the pieces have been frozen, use a box grater or a wood plainer to flatten the surface of the mold. It is especially important to flatten the spot where 2 pieces are joined together. Sprinkle a little of the ice shaving on the spot. Wet with a little water and immediately glue 2 pieces together. Put the whole sculpture back in the freezer until ready to use.nWhen the entire mold is frozen, it is ready to be displayed., ingredients: [Water, Fresh edible flowers example: small sunflower, Fresh edible leaves, Flexible silicone molds, Water bottles empty], title: Molded Ice Sculpture, picturelink: null}, 501: {instructions: In a large saute pan over medium heat, add the olive oil. Add the thyme, shallots, garlic and all the varieties of onions. Saute, stirring constantly. Onions absorb oil quickly, so add more if necessary. Continue to cook until the vegetables are lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper. Let cool slightly.nIn a medium bowl, add the yogurt and cream cheese and stir together. Add in the onions, scallions and chives. Stir well to combine., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, 1 shallot, peeled and chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 large Spanish onion, 1 Vidalia onion, finely chopped, 3 cipollini onions, finely chopped, 1 medium red onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup fatfree Greek yogurt, 1 cup reducedfat cream cheese, 3 scallions, chopped about 12 cup, 1 bunch fresh chives, chopped about 3 tablespoons], title: Caramelized Onion and Garlic Dip, picturelink: 9rNGoEWjAirpeqqTV5dTqByHk8Danp2}, 502: {instructions: Make an herb infused simple syrup by combining the mint, basil, sugar and water in a pot. Cook over medium heat until the syrup turns clear.nStrain the syrup into a pitcher. Squeeze in the lime juice. Stir in the rum and coconut milk. Add wedges of lime and sprigs of mint to the pitcher for color. Pour into a highball glass over ice. Top with seltzer., ingredients: [1 bunch 4 ounces fresh mint, plus more for garnish, 1 bunch 4 ounces fresh basil, 1 12 cups sugar, 1 cup water, 4 limes, juiced, plus wedges, for serving, 3 cups coconut rum, 1 16ounce can coconut milk, 1 liter seltzer water], title: Herb Twist Cojito, picturelink: CVbO2TV5DGYFPrDbvylFQwMXsNXeZLm}, 503: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.nTo make the dipping sauce: Toast the curry and red pepper flakes in a saucepan over medium heat, about 1 minute. Add the honey, vinegar and orange juice and zest. Bring to a simmer, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove from the heat and set aside.nTo make the shrimp: Combine the coconut, panko and flour in a bowl or baking dish. Beat the egg whites in a medium bowl until slightly frothy. Sprinkle the shrimp with salt and pepper. Add to the egg whites and toss to coat. Lift each shrimp from the egg whites, letting the excess drip off the shrimp, and then coat in the crumb mixture, pressing to adhere. Place the shrimp on the baking sheet in a single layer. Lightly spray with nonstick spray. Bake until the shrimp are golden on the outside and opaque in the center, 8 to 10 minutes. Serve with the dipping sauce., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 1 teaspoon curry powder, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 1 tablespoon honey, 2 teaspoons rice vinegar, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 12 cup flaked unsweetened coconut, 6 tablespoons plain panko breadcrumbs, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 large egg whites, 1 pound large 2125 count shrimp, peeled tails left on, deveined, butterflied and patted dry, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Baked Coconut Shrimp, picturelink: yY36Pw7t5wKutSKN27.LwrbSHldEuq}, 504: {instructions: Make the green sauce: Heat the olive oil in a large saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Season the pork with garlic salt and pepper, add to the pan and brown on all sides. Add the minced garlic and cook 30 seconds, then add the chiles, tomatoes, red pepper flakes and 3 cups water. Simmer until the pork is tender, about 1 hour. Combine the flour and 1 cup water in a blender until smooth, then whisk into the sauce and simmer until the sauce thickens, about 5 more minutes.nMeanwhile, make the red sauce: Process the chili powder, garlic and 5 cups water in a blender until smooth. Season the flour with garlic salt and pepper in a shallow dish. Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Toss the beef in the flour, then add to the skillet to brown on all sides. Pour in the chili powder mixture and simmer until the beef is tender, about 15 minutes.nMake the enchiladas: Preheat the broiler. Place 4 tortillas on a baking sheet. Sprinkle each with cheese, then top with green sauce on one side and red on the other. Repeat to make two more layers. Top the stacks with more cheese and broil until melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Meanwhile, mist a nonstick skillet with cooking spray and fry the eggs as desired, then season with salt and pepper. Top each enchilada stack with lettuce, tomatoes and a fried egg.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces pork blade steak, diced, Garlic salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 4ounce cans green chile peppers, drained and diced, 1 cup canned diced tomatoes, 1 12 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup New Mexico red chili powder, 2 cloves garlic, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Garlic salt, Freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 8 ounces beef top sirloin, diced, 12 6inch corn tortillas, toasted or lightly fried, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, Nonstick cooking spray, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Shredded lettuce and diced tomatoes, for garnish], title: ChristmasStyle Stacked Enchiladas, picturelink: JGQ3nNzFxLLpQDXCiUZMbiMcaQJYVPy}, 505: {instructions: Cover the potatoes with water and bring to a boil. Salt the water and cook until tender, about 10 minutes.nWhen the potatoes are cooked, return them to the hot pot and douse with a splash of wine or a couple tablespoons of white wine vinegar.nIn a bowl, whisk together the goat cheese, yogurt, creme fraiche or sour cream, lemon juice, olive oil, and garlic. Toss the potatoes, dill and scallions in the dressing and season with salt and pepper. Garnish the salad with chopped pickles and thinly sliced radishes and serve., ingredients: [2 12 pounds diced Yukon gold potatoes, Salt, 14 cup white wine or 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 12 cup goat cheese crumbles, 1 cup yogurt, creme fraiche, or sour cream, 1 lemon, juiced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated or minced, 14 cup finely chopped dill, 4 scallions, finely chopped, whites and greens, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 dill pickles, chopped, 4 radishes, thinly sliced], title: Tangy Goat Cheese and Dill Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 506: {instructions: Place the sweet potatoes in a large pot and cover with cold water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Cook until the potatoes are very tender, about 45 minutes. Drain the potatoes and let them stand to release any excess water, 10 to 15 minutes.nCombine the sweet potatoes, cream, butter, sugar, lemon zest, nutmeg and salt in a large bowl. Mash until the mixture is light and smooth. Serve with a pat of butter., ingredients: [4 pounds sweet potatoes, washed, peeled and cut into 2inch rounds, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 stick 8 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for serving, 12 cup brown sugar, Zest of 1 lemon., 12 teaspoon freshlygrated nutmeg, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Creamy and Light Mashed Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 507: {instructions: To begin, preheat the oil in a large pot or deep fryer to 375 degrees F for frying the crayfish.nFor the batter: In mixing bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, corn starch and salt together, blending well. Next, add the egg and mix to incorporate. Then stir in the soda water and mix for a final time. Keep the batter cold until ready to use and stir again before each use.nFor the sauce: In a bowl, using a hand whisk, blend the corn, mayonnaise and lime juice, whisk together well to evenly mix sauce. Then add the onions, and some salt, black pepper and cayenne to taste.nFor the crayfish: Evenly split the crayfish into two portions. Coat the first half with the batter, and place in the preheated oil. Cook until fluffy and golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the fryer and repeat the process with the remaining crayfish.nServe with lemon wedges and prepared sauce., ingredients: [8 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon corn starch, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 12 cup soda water, 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar, 12 cup roasted corn kernels, 2 tablespoons light mayonnaise, Juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon green onions, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Cayenne pepper, 1 pound crayfish, peeled and deveined, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: Tempura Crawfish, picturelink: null}, 508: {instructions: Find 2 heavy skillets that will nest together. Two 10inch cast iron skillets are ideal. Heat them over high heat.nMeanwhile, spread mustard on one slice of bread. Distribute the cheese evenly over the mustard, season with fresh black pepper and top with second piece of bread.nSpritz the bread surface thats staring up at you with olive oil using either a Misto or a pump sprayer. A light coat will do, dont soak.nWhen the pans are hot enough to vigorously sizzle a drop of water, remove them from the heat and place the sandwich, topside down in the middle of one pan. if your pans are a different size, this would be the smaller one. Spritz the slice now facing you, as well as the bottom of the other skillet. Lay the skillet right on top of the sandwich. If the top pan isnt cast iron, weigh it down with a brick, can, or something of similar heft.nWait patiently, crack a beer. When you hear the first bit of cheese run out and sizzle on the pan, its done. This will take anywhere from 3 to 5 minutes.nCarefully remove the top skillet, you may need to coax it off with a spatula, but I doubt it. Just look at it. Its perfect ... better than moms. no reason to tell hernRemove to a plate, count to 10 and slice it in half. Take a bite. Take another. So they lost ... theres always next year., ingredients: [2 slices of bread, cut thin as far as bread selection goes, all Ill say is the bigger the loaf the bigger the sandwich, 1 teaspoon or more smooth Dijon mustard, 1 cup Grated cheese, Semihard, semisoft combo like smoked gouda and Gruyere or Fontina with a young Asiago., Good quality olive oil for spritzing.], title: Big Cheese Squeeze, picturelink: null}, 509: {instructions: Finely chop the potatoes and crush slightly. In a frying pan melt half the fat and lightly fry the onion. Mix in the potato and greens and season well. Add more dripping or lard. Press the bubble into the hot fat and fry over a moderate heat until browned underneath. Turn the bubble over, add the last of the fat and fry until the other side is browned.nYield: 8 to 10 servings, ingredients: [1 pound boiled, cold potatoes, 2 ounces dripping or lard, 1 onion, finely chopped, 8 ounces cooked cabbage or sprouts, chopped, Salt, Black pepper, freshly ground], title: Bubble and Squeak, picturelink: null}, 510: {instructions: Combine all crust ingredients and mash into the bottom of a greased 9x11 cake pan. Bake for 10 minutes in a 300 degree F oven. Set crust aside to cool while you prepare the filling.nCombine cream, sugar, eggs, vanilla, and cornstarch into a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil over a medium flame. As the filling begins to thicken, add the butter, vanilla, and white chocolate chips. When the filling has thickened turn off the heat and whisk in the cream cheese. Pour the filling on top of the crust.nAllow to cool in the refrigerator for at least thirty minutes. Then take the Cool Whip and spread over the top of the filling. Garnish with the remaining macadamia nuts and chill until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups macadamia nuts crushed, reserving 2 tablespoons for garnish, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 3 tablespoons sugar, 3 cups cream, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 3 tablespoons cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 12ounce bag white chocolate chips, 1 8ounce block of cream cheese, softened, 1 16ounce tub of Cool Whip, softened], title: White Chocolate Dream Pie, picturelink: null}, 511: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray two 9inch round cake pans with nonstick cooking spray and lightly dust with flour. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, mash the bananas and then stir in the lemon juice. Set aside. Using an electric mixer, cream the butter and granulated sugar until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition. Add the vanilla wafers in 3 additions and the buttermilk in 2 additions, beginning and ending with the wafers. Beat until combined, then add the mashed bananas and vanilla and beat until fully incorporated.nDivide the batter evenly between the prepared pans and bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool in the pans for 10 minutes before turning out onto racks to cool completely.nFor the filling: Separate the yolk from the white of 1 of the eggs. Discard the white. In a saucepan, whisk together the granulated sugar, flour, cornstarch and salt until completely combined. Stir in the egg yolk and remaining whole egg, and then stir in the milk. Cook uncovered over medium heat, stirring often, until the pudding thickens, 5 to 7 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. Cover the pudding with plastic wrap, laying the wrap directly on the surface so a skin doesnt form. Chill in the fridge until completely cooled, about 30 minutes.nSpread the pudding between the cake layers. Chill the cake until the pudding filling is set, 30 minutes to 1 hour. Sprinkle the top of the cake with confectioners sugar just before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan, Allpurpose flour, for dusting the pans, 3 ripe bananas, 2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 34 cup 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 2 cups granulated sugar, 3 large eggs, One 11ounce box vanilla wafers, crushed, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 large eggs, 14 cup granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, Pinch salt, 1 cup milk, 14 teaspoon vanilla extract, Confectioners sugar, for sprinkling], title: Banana Pudding Cake, picturelink: WR8AS9pJ3DFPPIbaRZRSyAO9lFLfSa}, 512: {instructions: In a large mixing bowl add the eggs, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla and whisk well.nPut 1 cup of cream and the pumpkin puree in a saucepan and bring to a simmer on low heat, stirring constantly. Once the cream has begun to simmer, spoon about 1 cup of the pumpkin mixture into the egg mixture and whisk until incorporated. Pour the egg mixture into the pumpkin mixture, whisk together and simmer for 1 minute. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool for 5 minutes.nArrange a layer of chocolate wafers in the bottom of a 9inch springform cake pan. Overlap the cookies a bit.nWhisk the mascarpone into the cooled pumpkin cream. Pour about 1 cup of pumpkin cream over the cookie layer in the pan. Spread the cream evenly with a spatula. Add another layer of cookies over the cream and more cream over the cookies. Repeat until all of the cookies and cream are used. You should end up with a layer of cookies on top.nWhip the remaining 1 cup heavy cream with 1 tablespoon sugar with a whisk or an electric mixer, until you have stiff peaks. Spread the cream over the pie. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, or overnight.nRemove the ring from the cake pan, sprinkle the top of the pie with toasted pumpkin seeds and serve., ingredients: [3 eggs, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 cups heavy cream, divided, 1 15ounce can pumpkin puree, 2 9ounce packages chocolate wafer cookies, 16 ounces mascarpone cheese, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup toasted pumpkin seeds, no shells, roughly chopped], title: PumpkinChocolate Cream Pie, picturelink: null}, 513: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the butter to a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Once foamy and melted, add the carrots and parsnips and cook, while stirring, for about 3 minutes. Pour in the chicken broth and 3 tablespoons of the honey and stir to combine. Turn the heat to medium, cover with a lid and cook for 5 to 6 minutes.nRemove the lid and season with the parsley, paprika and some salt and pepper. Turn the heat to mediumhigh and cook, while stirring, until the carrots and parsnips are tender and theyre nice and glazed with the honey sauce, about 5 minutes more. Add the remaining honey and remove from the heat., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, melted, 4 medium carrots, cut into 14inch coins, 3 medium parsnips, cut into 14inch coins, 34 cup chicken broth, 5 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh parsley, 1 teaspoon paprika, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Honey Glazed Carrot and Parsnip, picturelink: 8fbA5OMk.s7nW6Iq6.66qNHXslnVu}, 514: {instructions: Combine the vinegar, sugar, honey, bourbon and 1 teaspoon salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer, stirring to dissolve the sugar and salt. Set aside to cool.nCombine the cucumbers and onion in a large bowl. Pour the vinegar mixture over the top and let marinate in the refrigerator until icy cold, 3 to 4 hours. When ready to serve, add the mint and toss to combine.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [1 cup white wine vinegar, 1 cup sugar, 12 cup honey, 3 tablespoons bourbon, Kosher salt, 4 Kirby cucumbers, thinly sliced into half moons, 1 medium sweet onion, halved and thinly sliced, 3 sprigs mint, leaves chopped], title: Mint Julep Cucumber Salad, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 515: {instructions: Mix ingredients together. Let stand 1 hour.nSuggested drink: BGI 33 Export, ingredients: [4 tablespoons Lee Kum Kee Chili Garlic Sauce, 4 tablespoons water, 4 tablespoons finely chopped peanuts, 4 teaspoons hoisin sauce], title: Peanut Dipping Sauce for Summer Rolls, picturelink: null}, 516: {instructions: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, 12 cup water, vanilla seeds and pod. Bring to a boil and remove from the heat. Let steep for 15 minutes. Strain the mixture and discard the vanilla pod.nPour 1 cup milk, 34 cup brandy and half of the vanilla syrup into a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake the cocktail until ice cold, and then carefully pour into 4 rocks glasses. Repeat with remaining ingredients. Garnish with nutmeg and enjoynWhat Really Makes This Recipe Sing: This is the classic hair of the dog in New Orleans. Most bartenders have their own version, but any of them will do the trick.nBYOC: Want to really indulge Whip some cream up with a little superfine sugar and dollop on top. Want to cut some calories Try making this with almond milk., ingredients: [12 cup granulated sugar, 1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped, pod reserved, 2 cups milk, divided, 1 12 cups brandy or bourbon, divided, Ice, Freshly grated nutmeg, for garnish], title: Milk Punch, picturelink: null}, 517: {instructions: In a large pot bring 4 to 6 quarts of water to a rolling boil add salt to taste and the Penne stir gently.nCook pasta according to package directions remove from heat and drain well.nPreheat oven to 350u00b0F. Combine Traditional sauce with jalapeno, chopped cilantro, and cumin. Spread 1 cup of the sauce mixture onto the bottom of a 13x9x2inch baking dish.nStir the black beans and the remaining mixture sauce into the pasta pour into the prepared baking dish.nCover with foil and bake 20 to 25 minutes or until warmed through.nUncover and top with olives and cheese bake 5 minutes more. Remove from oven and let cool for 5 minutes. Sprinkle with tortilla chips and green onions before serving.nGarnish with additional cilantro leaves., ingredients: [1 box Barillau00ae Penne pasta, 1 jar Barillau00ae Traditional sauce, 1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 teaspoon cumin, 1 15ounce can black beans, rinsed and drained, 1 4ounce can sliced black olives, drained, 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese, 1 cup crushed tortilla chips, 2 green onions, thinly sliced, Cilantro leaves], title: Enchilada Pasta Bake, picturelink: LMKEobP6h7yqy2iP8wFNT1RNM79KNou}, 518: {instructions: Heat a large widebased pan over a medium heat and add a lug of olive oil, the sliced chorizo and the pork belly. Fry for around 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. As soon as the chorizo starts taking on colour and the fat is beginning to cook out of it, add the chopped green pepper, chopped red pepper, garlic, onion, and parsley stalks along with a good pinch of salt, pepper, and the saffron. Fry gently for another 10 minutes, or until the vegetables have begun to soften. Meanwhile, pick through the shellfish and get rid of any clams or mussels that arent tightly closed.nAdd the rice and jarred peppers and keep stirring for a few minutes until the rice is coated in all the lovely flavours, then pour in the tinned tomatoes and 3 13 cups 27 ounces800 ml stock, seasoning again with salt and pepper. Bring everything to the boil, then turn down to a medium to low heat and stir constantly for about 15 minutes. This combination of flavours will be absolutely beautiful, but youve got to help the dish along by doing your job and making sure each grain of rice gets the same amount of love. So every now and then, stir from the outside of the pan into the middle so you get a sort of pile of rice in the centre, making sure nothing is sticking to the bottom. Flatten the pile out with your spoon, then start the whole process again.nAfter 15 minutes, the rice should be cooked, but still have a bit of a bite, so add the mussels or clams and the prawns.nKeep stirring, and as the clams and mussels start to open and the prawns begin to turn pink, add your squid and green beans and cook for a further 5 minutes or so.nDiscard any clams or mussels that dont open. Stir in the chopped parsley leaves and the juice from 12 the lemon wedges, and bring to the table with the remaining lemon wedges on the side., ingredients: [Olive oil, 2 raw chorizo sausages approximately 9 ounces250 g in total, thickly sliced, 11 ounces300 g pork belly, skin removed, the best quality you can afford, cut into, 1 green pepper, deseeded and roughly chopped, 1 red pepper, deseeded and roughly chopped, 5 cloves garlic, peeled and roughly chopped, 1 onion, peeled and roughly chopped, A small bunch fresh flatleaf parsley, leaves picked and roughly chopped, stalks finely chopped, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, A good pinch of saffron, 14 ounces400 g clams or mussels, scrubbed clean and debearded, 11 ounces300 g paella rice, 7 ounces200 g jarred red peppers in oil, drained and torn into pieces, 1 14ounce400 g tin can chopped tomatoes, 34 fluid ounces1 litre chicken or vegetable stock, preferably organic, 12 large prawns, shells on, 5 12 ounces150 g squid, cleaned and finely sliced, 5 12 ounces150 g green beans, sliced very thinly at an angle, 1 lemon, cut into wedges], title: My Favourite Paella, picturelink: null}, 519: {instructions: 1. Heat olive oil in a large pot or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add shallots and garlic and cook, stirring, until garlic is golden, 3 to 4 minutes. Add tomatoes to pot and cook until almost dry, about 3 minutes. Peel 2 long strips of zest from orange without white pith and add to pot. Squeeze in oranges juice and stir in vermouth and saffron. Increase heat to high and bring mixture to a rapid boil.n2. Add mussels to pot, cover, and cook, shaking pot once or twice, until mussels begin to open, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in basil and cook until all mussels open, about 2 more minutes. Divide mussels and broth among warm bowls discard any unopened shells and serve immediately., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 6 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 28ounce can whole tomatoes, drained and roughly chopped, 1 orange, 1 cup dry white vermouth or dry white wine, Large pinch saffron threads, 5 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded, 2 slightly heaping cups fresh basil, roughly chopped], title: Mussels with Tomatoes, Basil  Saffron, picturelink: null}, 520: {instructions: Add the shrimp to boiling, salted water and cook 2 to 3 minutes cook too long and theyll get chewy, then mushy. Boil the diced potatoes separately or in the shrimp water until tender but still firm, 10 to 15 minutes.nMeanwhile, boil the eggs until hard, about 10 to 15 minutes. Allow all to cool while you dice the peppers and celery.nDice the eggs and combine all of the remaining ingredients, adding the mayonnaise last, so you can control the texture of the salad. Chill and serve over a bed of lettuce or other fresh greens., ingredients: [2 cups medium shrimp, peeled and deveined, 5 to 6 medium potatoes, peeled and diced, 5 to 6 eggs, 12 medium green bell pepper, 12 medium red bell pepper, 1 stalk celery, 12 cup sweet pickle relish, 1 to 2 teaspoons prepared yellow mustard, 1 teaspoon ground thyme or fresh leaves, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, Sprinkle paprika, Hot sauce optionalif you like it hot, 13 cup to 12 cup mayonnaise, to taste, Lettuce or fresh greens, for serving], title: Mommas Shrimp and Tada Salad, picturelink: OZnmkM4OCIxYfdyAtced2iZ.jQdR9sC}, 521: {instructions: Toast the couscous in a saucepan over medium heat until evenly golden, being careful not to burn it. Add 1 cup 250ml water and a pinch of salt and cook until tender, 5 to 7 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat 1 tablespoon oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the chorizo and cook until almost crispy, about 3 minutes. Add the shallot and cook until soft. Stir in the garlic and preserved lemon peel.nStir the couscous into the chorizo mixture. Just before serving, drizzle with the remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Stir in the chives and parsley and season with salt and pepper.nWash the lemons very well. Cut each lemon lengthwise in quarters without slicing all the way through, leaving the lemons whole. Place the lemons in a sterilized jar. Add the salt, lemon juice, peppercorns and kaffir lime leaves and mix well. Add more lemon juice if needed to just cover the lemons. Close with a lid and refrigerate. Stir the lemons every day or two to help dissolve the salt. Allow the lemons to cure for at least 1 week. Rinse under cold water before using., ingredients: [1 cup250ml Israeli couscous, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons45ml olive oil, 4 ounces225g chorizo, diced, 1 shallot, cut into very small dice, 1 clove garlic, minced, Peel of 1 Preserved Lemon, recipe follows, finely chopped, A handful fresh chives, finely chopped, A handful fresh parsley, finely chopped, 8 lemons, 3 cups750ml coarse salt, 1 12 cups375ml fresh lemon juice, 1 tablespoon15ml peppercorns, 4 fresh kaffir lime leaves], title: Chorizo and Preserved Lemon Couscous, picturelink: null}, 522: {instructions: Remove the tough inner core from the cabbage and discard. Mince the leaves. You should have about 1 14 cups of cabbage when done.nAdd the cabbage, meat, scallions, carrots, garlic, salt and pepper to a deep bowl. Stir with a fork to mix well.nLay 6 wonton wrappers on a counter or cutting board. Fill a small bowl with cold water, and keep it nearby. Spoon 12 teaspoon of the filling into the center of each wrapper. Using your finger, dab the edges of the wrappers with a bit of water. Fold the wrappers in half to form a triangle, and press the edges to seal them closed. Fold the tips of the longer edges together, tucking one underneath. Lay the formed wontons flat on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining filling and wrappers.nFill a skillet with 1 inch of oil. Heat over medium heat until shimmering. Add the wontons in batches, being careful not to crowd the pan. Fry until deep golden on the bottom, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn, and cook until golden on the other side, 2 to 3 minutes more. Transfer to a paper towellined plate to drain. Serve hot., ingredients: [12 small head savoy cabbage, 1 cooked burger 3 ounces, crumbled, 3 scallions white and green parts, minced, 1 large carrot, minced, 1 clove garlic, minced, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 80 wonton wrappers, Grapeseed oil, to fry], title: Beef and Vegetable Wontons, picturelink: 04a1T3hxfRl.9T8YqwlzlosbmhY6hBi}, 523: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMix the paprika, garlic power, brown sugar, dry mustard, and salt together in a small bowl. Rub the spice blend all over the pork and marinate for as long as you have time for, as little as 1 hour or up to overnight, covered, in the refrigerator.nPreheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut the pork in a roasting pan and bake for about 6 hours. Basically, roast the pork until its falling apart and an instantread thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 170 degrees F.nTo make the barbecue sauce: combine the vinegar, mustard, ketchup, brown sugar, garlic, salt, cayenne, and black pepper in a saucepan over medium heat. Simmer gently, stirring, for 10 minutes until the sugar dissolves.nRemove the pork roast from the oven and transfer to a large platter. Allow the meat to rest for about 10 minutes. While still warm, take 2 forks and pull the meat to form shreds. Using 2 forks, shred the pork by steadying the meat with 1 fork and pulling it away with the other. Put the shredded pork in a bowl. Pour 12 of the sauce on the shredded pork and mix well to coat.nTo serve, spoon the pulled pork mixture onto the bottom 12 of the hamburger bun, and top with the spicy slaw. Serve with pickle spears and the remaining sauce on the side., ingredients: [3 tablespoons paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 1 tablespoon dry mustard, 3 tablespoons coarse salt, 1 5 to 7 pound pork roast, preferably shoulder or Boston butt, 1 12 cups cider vinegar, 1 cup yellow or brown mustard, 12 cup ketchup, 13 cup packed brown sugar, 2 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon cayenne, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 hamburger buns, 1 recipe Spicy Slaw, recipe follows, Pickle spears], title: OvenRoasted Pulled Pork Sandwiches, picturelink: ZwOaJkGL4HtbarYJY0LENtDn96DnHkC}, 524: {instructions: Muddle 8 thawed frozen cherries, 8 dashes each angostura and orange bitters, the juice of 1 orange and 3 tablespoons sugar in a liquid measuring cup. Add 1 cup brandy. Divide among 4 icefilled glasses stir and garnish with orange twists.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Cherry Brandy OldFashioned, picturelink: Vh4LfuQs3MmqWCorCg7dlYcJQ717wky}, 525: {instructions: Combine the raspberries, blueberries, chia seeds, 1 tablespoon water and the honey in a medium bowl. Smash the mixture with a potato masher or fork until the berries are the consistency of a chunky jam. Cover and refrigerate until the chia seeds soften and the jam thickens slightly, about 30 minutes the raspberry seeds will give the jam a crunchy texture.nSpread 1 rice cake with 1 tablespoon of peanut butter and top with 14 of the chia jam and a slice of pear. Sandwich with another rice cake. Repeat to make 3 more sandwiches, ingredients: [12 cup raspberries, 12 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon chia seeds, 2 teaspoons honey, 8 large brown rice cakes, 4 tablespoons natural smooth peanut butter, 12 small Asian pear or Golden Delicious apple, cored and cut into 4 even rounds], title: Breadless Peanut Butter and ChiaJam Sandwiches, picturelink: gcK2mqJbKE7IhW0Z92kDkMzhH3le}, 526: {instructions: In a large bowl, combine the cumin, coriander, sugar, ancho powder, cinnamon, garlic powder, and pepper. Mix the spices well with a wooden spoon. Season the pork ribs on both sides with salt, then start rubbing the spice mixture evenly on both sides to coat all the surface meat. Place in refrigerator, cover, and allow to sit overnight.nPreheat oven to 300 degrees F.nWrap the pork ribs tightly in plastic, then place in shallow baking dish with 1inch of water and place the pan in the oven for 1 hour and 30 minutes. Remove the ribs from the plastic wrap and set aside.nWhile the ribs are cooking, in a large sauce pot, add 1 tablespoon oil and heat over medium high heat. When the oil has begun to smoke, add the onion, ginger, lemongrass, garlic, and jalapeno. Start cooking until the onion becomes translucent, about 7 minutes. Then, add the honey, chicken stock, and tamarind. Simmer for 20 minutes then puree in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper and strain through a medium fine strainer. Set aside.nTo make the dressing for Chayote Slaw: In a small sauce pot, combine the honey, pepper flakes, and vinegar. Cook 10 minutes until the mixture is reduced by half. Set aside to cool in a large mixing bowl. When the mixture is cool, add the chayote, red onion, mango, cilantro, tomato, olive oil, and lime juice. Mix well and set aside.nTo finish the dish: On a hot well oiled grill, add the cooked pork ribs and start to cook on one side 5 minutes making sure to baste the other side with tamarind glaze. Then, flip the ribs over and baste this side for 5 minutes. Repeat this process three times until a nice crust has formed. Remove and cut between each bone and serve on a large platter with the Chayote Mango Slaw and a side bowl of the tamarind sauce., ingredients: [1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon ground coriander, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon ground ancho chile powder, 1 teaspoon Mexican cinnamon, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon ground black pepper, 1 rack St. Louisstyle pork ribs brisket bone and skirt meat removed, Salt, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 white onion, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chopped ginger, 1 stalk lemongrass, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 1 jalapeno, finely minced, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 quart chicken stock, 1 4 to 6ounce package tamarind pulp, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 chayote, juilenned, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 1 mango, julienned, 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro, 1 tomato, thinly sliced, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 limes, juiced], title: Tamarind Glazed Ribs with Chayote and Mango Slaw, picturelink: null}, 527: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPosition an oven rack in the middle of the oven. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpray a 7 by 10 34inch nonstick baking pan with vegetable cooking spray. Lay a 6 by 18inch piece of parchment paper in the pan, allowing the excess paper to hang over the sides. Spray the parchment paper lightly with cooking spray.nIn a medium bowl, using a hand beater, beat the egg white until frothy. Stir in the peanut butter, brown sugar, and honey. Add the melted butter, oats and almonds. Stir to combine, then add the chocolate chips.nUsing a rubber spatula, spread mixture into the prepared baking pan, pressing lightly to form an even layer. Bake until the edge of the mixture begins to brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and let cool for at least 1 hour. Cut into 1 12inch squares and serve.nCooks Note: To toast almonds, arrange in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake in a preheated 350 degree F oven until lightly browned, about 8 to 10 minutes., ingredients: [Vegetable cooking spray, 1 egg white, 12 cup chunky peanut butter, 13 cup brown sugar, 14 cup honey, 12 cup 1stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 cups old fashioned oats, 14 cup slivered almonds, toasted, see Cooks Note, 13 cup miniature chocolate chips], title: Peanut Butter Granola Bars, picturelink: oACM98jGzh5O3hcebY8JHrLno8iID.}, 528: {instructions: Position an oven rack in the top of the oven, and preheat to 450 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil, and brush with oil.nPlace the salmon fillets, evenly spaced, in the middle of the prepared baking sheet. Sprinkle the tops with 34 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Bake until the outside is opaque and slightly firm to the touch and the inside flakes easily insert a small paring knife between layers to check the color will vary from bright pink rare to pale pink to orange welldone, 8 to 12 minutes, depending on the desired doneness.nRemove the fillets from the oven, top each with a piece of butter and let melt over the top and down the sides. Sprinkle with herbs, lemon juice and salt to taste. Transfer the salmon to serving plates with a spatula. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [Olive oil, for the foil, Four 5 to 6ounce skinless salmon fillets, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill andor parsley, Half a lemon], title: Simple LemonHerb Roasted Salmon, picturelink: RDLGosQABFiMZ8Pk3b0uh8HVe3mzwWK}, 529: {instructions: Place the onions in a large bowl set aside.nIn a colander, lightly salt the cucumbers and let drain for about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, whisk together the ginger, garlic, chives, and vinegar in a small bowl. While whisking, slowly add the oil and whisk until smooth. Add the pepper flakes, and season to taste with salt and pepper.nAdd the cucumbers to the onions and toss well. Add the dressing and toss well. Adjust the seasonings. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 24 hours before serving. Serve chilled., ingredients: [2 red onions, julienned, Salt, 3 English cucumbers, peeled, seeded, and thinly sliced, 2 teaspoons peeled, grated fresh ginger, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 14 cup vegetable oil, preferably canola, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Onion and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: ZRaZyKxr95XmgBPYg5xyZEtQfs5BP.}, 530: {instructions: Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F.nLine a large baking tray with parchment paper. Spread the pumpkin seeds out onto the tray and roast until the seeds are lightly toasted, about 12 minutes.nAdd the toasted seeds to a large bowl along with the olive oil, and toss. Add the spices and toss again. Season the seed mixture with sea salt, to taste and serve., ingredients: [1 cup pumpkin seeds, 2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon Spanish sweet smoked paprika, 1 pinch cayenne pepper, Sea salt], title: Spiced Pepitas, picturelink: null}, 531: {instructions: Preparing Trout: After deboning, finning, cleaning, and filleting fish, rinse and pat dry. Combine egg and milk in a shallow dish to make an egg wash. Dredge trout in seasoned flour shaking off excess. Dip into egg wash mixture, and then into panko crumbs, turning to coat both sides and patting lightly. Remove fillets and place separately onto platter. Use waxed paper to keep fish from touching. Preparing Aioli Sauce: Place all ingredients into blender except for olive oil, and puree. Add a little water to loosen, if needed. Once you have reached the puree stage, slowly add the olive oil in a steady stream. This will cause the ingredients to emulsify. Set aside. Cooking Trout: Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. In a heavy saute pan, coat bottom with 18inch of oil. Heat pan and oil to medium heat. Add fillet skin side up and cook for about 1 12 minutes. Turn fillet over and cook until golden brown on the other side. Remove from heat and place on paper towels in baking dish.nPlace fillets in preheated oven for 6 to 7 minutes. Arrange on plates and drizzle with sauce making thin ribbons across the fillets.nServe with Chevre Orzo.nCook orzo in salted boiling water to just under done. Drain and keep warm.nHeat the cream, add remaining ingredients, and toss with the pasta. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [1 8ounce fresh Colorado trout, cleaned and separated into fillets, 1 egg, 12 cup milk, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Panko bread crumbs, Olive oil, for sauteing trout, 1 tablespoon capers, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon roasted garlic, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley, 2 whole scallions, cleaned and chopped, Chevre Orzo, recipe follows, 1 pound orzo, 12 cup heavy cream, 14 to 12 pound chevre, 12 cup peeled, seeded, and diced tomatoes, 8 to 10 basil leaves cut into a chiffonade, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley, 2 green onions, sliced thinly on the bias], title: Crispy Colorado Trout, picturelink: null}, 532: {instructions: Special equipment: an instantread or candy thermometer, 3ounce silicone dome molds, a silicone baking liner, a 3inch star cookie cutter, an ice cream maker, a 2inch round cutter and 4ounce silicone dome moldsnFor the glaze: Combine the water, glucose and sugar in a small pot and bring to a boil. Put the white chocolate in a heatproof bowl and pour the hot sugar mixture over the chocolate. Allow it to sit a minute, then emulsify with a whisk. Add the gelatin and sweetened condensed milk and stir to combine. Color to the desired shade of red with the red gel paste. Hold at 86 degrees F.nFor the gelee: Combine the sugar and pectin in a small bowl. Add the glucose to the blueberry puree and warm in a small pot. Add the sugarpectin mixture to the puree and bring to a boil. Remove from the heat and strain. Fill twelve 3ounce silicone dome molds onethird of the way up with the gelee and freeze.nFor the white chocolate mousse: Combine the sugar and water in a small pot over mediumhigh heat and cook to 250 degrees F. Meanwhile, whip the egg yolks on high speed in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Carefully pour the hot sugar syrup into the yolks while whisking. Fold the whipped cream into the egg yolk mixture.nMelt the white chocolate in a microwavesafe bowl to 110 degrees F in the microwave in 15second intervals, stirring between each interval. Gently fold the melted chocolate into the cream and yolk mixture until completely combined. Fill a piping bag without a tip with the mousse. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the hazelnut cookie: Cream the butter, sugar, hazelnut flour and cinnamon in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Add the eggs and mix. Mix in the cake flour. Wrap the dough in plastic wrap and chill for 30 minutes.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone liner.nRoll the dough to a thickness of 18 inch. Cut into at least twelve 3inch stars and place on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until opaque and an even golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool on the sheet on a baking rack.nFor the dacquoise: Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with a silicone liner.nSift the coconut, confectioners sugar, almond flour and allpurpose flour together in a bowl. Set aside.nWhip the egg whites and granulated sugar to stiff peaks in the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment. Fold the flour mixture into the meringue.nSpread out the batter 18 inch thick onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake until just golden at the edges, 12 to 13 minutes.nFor the sorbet: Dissolve the sugar with the water in a small saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Let cool and then add to the prickly pear and pear purees. Churn in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions. Freeze until ready to serve.nFor the raspberry sauce: Puree the raspberries with the sugar in a blender or food processor. Strain the mixture and adjust the sweetness with additional sugar if needed.nTo assemble: Cut the dacquoise into at least 12 circles with a 2inch round cutter. Fill twelve 4ounce dome molds threequarters full with the mousse. Place a frozen blueberry gelee in the center of each and press lightly to push the mousse up the sides. Fill the molds to the top with more mousse and place a dacquoise round on top. Freeze until solid, at least 2 hours.nPlace a cooling rack over a baking sheet. Unmold the domes onto the cooling rack and top with the glaze. Place each dome onto a hazelnut cookie and top with a gold petal. Drag a small spoon of raspberry sauce next to each dome. Serve a scoop of the sorbet on the side., ingredients: [Glaze:, 300 grams water, 300 grams glucose, 300 grams granulated sugar, 300 grams white chocolate, 7 sheets silverstrength gelatin, bloomed in ice water for 5 to 10 minutes, 210 grams sweetened condensed milk, Red gel paste, as needed, Gelee:, 35 grams granulated sugar, 3.5 grams pectin NH, 50 grams glucose, 250 grams blueberry puree, White Chocolate Mousse:, 95 grams granulated sugar, 25 grams water, 95 grams egg yolks, 450 grams whipped heavy cream, 400 grams white chocolate, Hazelnut Cookie:, 100 grams unsalted butter, at room temperature, 70 grams granulated sugar, 50 grams hazelnut flour, 0.5 grams cinnamon, 20 grams eggs, 150 grams cake flour, Dacquoise:, 417 grams macaroon coconut, 333 grams confectioners sugar, 200 grams almond flour, 33.3 grams allpurpose flour, 500 grams egg whites, at room temperature, 83.3 grams granulated sugar, Sorbet:, 6 ounces granulated sugar, 10 ounces water, 12 ounces prickly pear puree, 4 ounces pear puree, Raspberry Sauce:, 2 cups raspberries, 14 cup granulated sugar, plus more if needed, 12 gold petals, for topping], title: Red, White and Blue White Chocolate Mousse, Blueberry Gelee, Coconut Dacquiose with Hazelnut Cookie, picturelink: lP0NrPjhNQIh8yNhY6zpSYUVtbj0ca}, 533: {instructions: Discard Gorgonzola rind and in a small bowl stir together cheese and butter until smooth. On a sheet of plastic wrap form Gorgonzola butter into a log about 4 inches long. Chill log, wrapped in plastic wrap, until firm, at least 1 hour. Butter may be made 1 week ahead and leftovers can be used for other dishes.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F.nIn a 12inch heavy skillet preferably castiron heat 1 12 tablespoons oil over moderately high heat until hot but not smoking and sear steaks until browned, about 2 minutes on each side, transferring to a shallow baking pan.nWhen steaks are just cool enough to handle, spread tops and sides with mustard and sprinkle with thyme, pepper and salt to taste. Roast steaks in middle of oven 8 minutes for mediumrare coating should just begin to brown. Transfer steaks to a cutting board and let stand about 3 minutes. Cut butter into thin slices.nCut each steak in half horizontally. Tuck a butter slice between steak halves and top steaks with another butter slice., ingredients: [14 pound Gorgonzola, softened, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil, 1 2 14pound beef eye round, cut crosswise into 4 1 14inchthick steaks, 18 cup Dijon mustard, 4 tablespoons fresh thyme leaves, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: ThymeRoasted Eye Round with Gorgonzola Butter, picturelink: v4W60WEC1vE6XcwMGXmQZkO0tpdQRzG}, 534: {instructions: Special equipment: 10 by 12inch shallow baking sheet Parchment paper 2 additional baking sheets or trays, for chilling assembled candy. 2 12quart heavybottomed saucepan preferably with a light colored interior: by Le Cruset Good quality candy thermometer Pastry brush Long metal offset spreading spatula Pastry scraper preferably with a nonstick coating Mallet: Helpful to cut through stubborn spots on candy When necessary, use it to hit top of scraper when cutting through toffee.nTo set up: Butter a baking sheet about 10 by 12 and line the sheet with of parchment paper allow excess paper at both ends. Grease paper and set sheet aside. Reserve any remaining melted butter for later. Line two more shallow baking sheets or trays with waxed paper for holding and chilling assembled candy and set them aside. Cut each stick of butter in half and place next to work surface, along with measured salt, baking soda, vanilla and coarsely chopped macadamia nuts. Place chopped chocolate in a heat proof bowl and set aside. Place a cup of hot water next to stove and put a pastry brush in water.nTo prepare toffee: Place a 2 12 quart heavy bottomed saucepan on the stove. Place water, sugar and corn syrup in the pan and stir gently to combine. Place pan over medium heat and as sugar dissolves, swirl pan gently. Let mixture come to a rolling boil and, once boiling and mixture is clear, dont stir or swirl pan anymore. If, while sugar is boiling, any sugar crystals cling to sides of pan, use moistened pastry brush to wash sides of the pan. Cook syrup until starts becoming a very light amber color. Lower heat and add butter, one half stick at a time, stirring very gently. Only add additional butter after preceding piece has become melted and fully incorporated. Once all the butter has been added, place candy thermometer into mixture, making sure that the bottom tip does not touch the bottom of the pan. Raise heat to medium and boil mixture until the temperature reads between 295 degrees F and 300 degrees F. Remove thermometer from pan and pan from stove and immediately stir in salt, baking soda, vanilla and macadamia nuts. Quickly stick thermometer it warm water to aid in clean up. Immediately, pour candy mixture onto prepared baking sheet. Brush the bottom of a long offset metal spatula an icing spatula is perfect or a knife with some melted butter. Spread the candy mixture out so that it is 14inch thick. Use the knife to push the sides back into a rectangular shape as the mixture cools. Let the mixture set for a few minutes.nTo melt chocolate: While toffee firms up a bit, melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler or in a skillet with 1 inch of hot but not simmering water stirring constantly until smooth. Be careful not to allow any water to enter bowl of chocolate.nTo cut candy: While candy mixture is still warm and pliable, use a buttered pastry scraper to score the candy into 1 12 by 2inch rectangles. Let set further until the candy is firmer 5 minutes at room temperature. Score again through original cuts, making sure candy is in separate squares all the way through to the bottom.  If stubborn, use your pastry scraper and mallet to knock through any sticky, tough spots. Hit the top wooden part of the scraper with a heavy mallet.nTo fully assemble candy and chill: When chocolate is firm, pour melted chocolate over top of scored candy and, using a spatula, spread it out evenly. Its okay if the chocolate runs down into grooves in candy. Scatter 2 cups of the ground toasted nuts on top of the chocolate and press them into the chocolate. Reserve the remaining 1 cup of nuts. Lift one end of the parchment paper so the first line of cut candy bends and separates from the next line. Carefully lift one piece off at a time. Sprinkle with some additional nuts to coat any exposed chocolate. Place candy on prepared baking sheets lined with waxed paper in a single layer and refrigerate covered with plastic wrap so chocolate will harden. Once set, place candy in an airtight tin, separated in layers with waxed paper. Although these candies may be stored at room temperature, to best preserve fresh flavor, store them in the refrigerator, ingredients: [12 stick unsalted butter, melted, for brushing, 13 cup water, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 12 cup light corn syrup, 2 sticks sweet unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 12 cups coarsely chopped deeply toasted unsalted macadamia nuts If unsalted nuts are not available, reduce the listed salt to 14 teaspoon., 12 ounces semisweet chocolate melted, 3 cups finely chopped toasted nuts use blanched almonds, walnuts, pecans, macadamia], title: Mixed Nut Buttercrunch Candy, picturelink: null}, 535: {instructions: Chill a large bowl. Melt the chocolate in the top of a double boiler over simmering water or a small bowl set over a saucepan of justsimmering water. Remove from the heat and let the chocolate cool, but dont let it harden. Transfer the softened ice cream to the chilled bowl. While folding it with a rubber spatula, drizzle the melted chocolate into it through the holes of a slotted spoon. Transfer the ice cream to a storage container and freeze until firm. Store for up to 2 weeks in the freezer., ingredients: [4 ounces semisweet chocolate, 1 quart ice cream, softened], title: Ice Cream Straciatelle, picturelink: 5pL2Mb.smYhnwvddx8wfKnkJB8.BNum}, 536: {instructions: Place the eggs in a small saucepan and cover with water by about 1 inch. Bring to a high simmer over mediumhigh heat and cook for 1 minute. Cover, remove from the heat and let sit 12 minutes. Drain the eggs and rinse under cold water, then peel and thinly slice. Meanwhile, cook the veggie burgers as the label directs. Whisk the yogurt, garlic, paprika, 2 tablespoons water, and salt to taste in a small bowl. In a large bowl, toss the arugula, roasted red peppers, cucumber, olive oil, mint, feta, and salt to taste. Cut 1 inch off the top of each pita to make an opening stuff the pita strip inside the pita to reinforce the bottom. Stuff each pita with a veggie burger, some arugula salad and a few slices of hardboiled egg. Drizzle with the yogurt dressing. Serve with pickles.nPer Serving does not include pickles: Calories: 426 Total Fat: 14 grams Saturated Fat: 4 grams Protein: 26 grams Total carbohydrates: 51 grams Sugar: 5 grams Fiber: 9 grams Cholesterol: 118 milligrams Sodium: 1074 milligramsnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [2 large eggs, 4 frozen veggie burgers, 12 cup nonfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 small clove garlic, finely grated, 14 teaspoon hot paprika, Kosher salt, 4 cups baby arugula, 12 cup jarred sliced roasted red peppers, 1 small Kirby cucumber, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon dried mint, crumbled, 14 cup crumbled feta cheese, 4 large wholewheat pitas, warmed, Pickles, for serving optional], title: Veggie Burger Pockets, picturelink: aiweAd15yORa.6vXbndu51E6CfypqE.}, 537: {instructions: In a large bowl, stir yeast into water to soften. Add milk, butter, sugar, lemon rind, eggs, salt, mace, and 2 cups flour. Beat vigorously for 2 minutes.nGradually add flour, 14 cup at a time, until the dough begins to pull away from the side of the bowl.nTurn dough out onto a floured work surface. Knead, adding flour a little at a time, until you have a smooth, elastic dough.nPut dough into an oiled bowl. Turn to coat the entire ball of dough with oil. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until doubled, about 1 hour.nTurn dough out onto a lightly oiled work surface and divide in half. Using a rolling pin, roll half of the dough into a 22 by 9inch rectangle. Cover and let rest 5 minutes on the work surface.nCut the dough into three 22inch long strips.nMix the nuts and candied fruit. Fill the center of each strip with 12 cup of the nut and fruit mixture. Bring edges together and pinch to seal forming three 22inchlong strands.nLay the strands sidebyside on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Turn the baking sheet so the strands are facing lengthwise away from you. Starting in the center of the strands, place the right strand over the middle strand the right strand has now become the middle strand, then the left strand over the middle, the right over the middle, left over the middle, etc. Continue this process until the strands are too short to braid. Do not pinch the end together.nTo braid the other end of the loaf, turn the baking sheet around so that the unbraided portion is facing you. Place the middle strand over the right strand, then middle strand over the left, middle over the right, middle over the left, etc., until the ends are too short to braid. Join the ends of the braid to form a wreath, and pinch to seal. Repeat with the other half of the dough. Cover with a tightly woven towel and let rise until almost doubled, about 45 minutes.nAbout 10 minutes before baking, preheat oven to 375 degrees.nBake for 25 minutes, or until the internal temperature of the loaf reaches 190 degrees.nImmediately remove bread from baking sheet and cool on a rack for 20 minutes.nCombine powdered sugar and cream. Mixture should be the consistency of honey if it isnt, adjust by adding more cream to thin it or powdered sugar to thicken it. Drizzle over the top of each wreath., ingredients: [2 scant tablespoons or 2 14ounce packages active dry yeast, 12 cup warm water about 110 degrees, 1 cup warm milk about 110 degrees, 12 cup soft butter, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons grated lemon rind, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 teaspoons salt, 12 teaspoon mace, 4 12 to 5 12 cups unbleached flour, 1 cup finely chopped hazelnuts, 2 cups diced mixed candied fruits, 2 cups powdered sugar, 7 to 9 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Braided Fruit Wreath, picturelink: null}, 538: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nCut the steak into 3 12 to 4ounce pieces. Pound each steak out evenly to about 25 percent of its original thickness. Season them with pepper. On top of each steak place a slice of provolone, some sage leaves, and 2 slices prosciutto. Roll them up into a pinwheel and secure with toothpicks.nHeat the oil in a skillet over mediumhigh heat and saute the pinwheels until they are brown on both sides. Place them in the oven and roast until they are medium rare, about 7 minutes. Let the steaks rest for 5 minutes before carving them into bitesized wheels.nPut the skillet back on mediumhigh heat. Add the remaining sage leaves and cook until they are crispy. Drain them on paper towels use them to garnish steak., ingredients: [2 pounds skirt steak, trimmed of fat, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces aged provolone, sliced, 2 bunches fresh sage, 12 slices prosciutto, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Skirt Steak Saltimbocca, picturelink: RQU2N0dBtm9yefyMDfZl6ukj3AIFsUq}, 539: {instructions: Place oven rack in center of oven and preheat oven to 350 F. Arrange potato slices directly onto oven rack in a single layer. Bake until golden brown and crispy, about 810 minutes. Place in serving bowl and sprinkle lightly with vinegar, chili, salt and pepper., ingredients: [2 Russet potatoes, peeled, soaked in cold water and sliced thinly  about 18inch thick, 2 Tbs. cider vinegar or white wine, salt and black pepper to taste, 1 Tbs. chili powder], title: Healthier Homemade Potato Chips, picturelink: null}, 540: {instructions: Pat the chicken dry, and season well with salt and pepper.nHeat the butter and olive oil in a Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat, and brown the chicken on all sides. Add the onion, ginger, turmeric, cinnamon, and cook until onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and add the garlic and stir for a minute. Increase heat and deglaze with wine, stirring, and allowing it to bubble. Add the broth and bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and cover and simmer gently for 45 minutes, then remove the chicken and set aside.nTo the sauce, add the lemon, olives, parsley, and cilantro and then return the chicken to the pot. Heat for 5 more minutes and serve over couscous.nPlace the lemons, 2 to 3 tablespoons salt, peppercorns, and lemon juice in a quart jar and cover with water. Store chilled for 3 weeks., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken thighs and drumsticks, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, minced, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 3 cloves garlic, pressed, 14 cup wine, 14 cup chicken broth, 1 Confit Lemon, chopped, recipe follows, 12 cup gently crushed briny olives, 14 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 3 tablespoons finely chopped fresh cilantro, Couscous, for serving, 3 organic lemons, skin scrubbed well, Kosher salt, 4 peppercorns, 12 lemon, juiced], title: Chicken Tagine, picturelink: 9p1yrTII7zrnQtclwHPnj6ZPo6FQC}, 541: {instructions: Preheat oven to 475 degrees F.nSlice butter and put on a plate in the freezer.nSift the dry ingredients together into a bowl. Cut in the butter with a pastry cutter or a fork until it looks like coarse sand. Add the buttermilk and continue to cut the dough together. Turn out onto a floured surface and gently bring together. Gently press the dough into a rectangle until it is between 12 and 34inch thick.nUse a round cutter that has been floured to cut the biscuits. Place in the freezer for at least 20 minutes. Remove biscuits from freezer and place on parchment paper on a baking sheet so they are touching each other. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and serve with spiced butter.nMix dry ingredients together. Blend together with the butter using the back of a spoon. Wrap tightly and refrigerate overnight or a few hours., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 8 tablespoons ice cold butter, 34 cup buttermilk, Cinnamon Spiced Butter, recipe follows, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 18 teaspoon ground allspice, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 8 tablespoons butter, softened], title: Buttermilk Biscuits, picturelink: JK4xTRQr3.fcCgUpCXE4nUEHQ5LO6}, 542: {instructions: In a large pot of salted water, add potatoes and cook until just fork tender. Remove from boiling water and cool. When cool enough to handle, cut into 1inch cubes.nWhile potatoes are cooking and cooling, fry bacon in a large nonstick frying pan, remove to paper towel lined plate to drain. Strain bacon fat, reserve 3 Tablespoons in pan.nReheat bacon fat and fry off potatoes until light golden brown. Remove to paper towel lined plate to cool, season with a pinch of salt.nCombine sour cream, mayonnaise, white vinegar salt and pepper in a small bowl. Chop bacon and green onions. Combine potatoes and dressing, adjust seasoning as necessary. Refrigerate for 1 hour, top with bacon and green onions before service., ingredients: [2 pounds red potatoes, skin on, washed, 34 cup sour cream, 1 14 cups mayonnaise, 12 cup white vinegar, 1 teaspoon black pepper, freshly cracked, 12 teaspoon salt, 6 pieces bacon, cooked and chopped, 4 green onions, sliced thin], title: Baked Potato Salad, picturelink: null}, 543: {instructions: Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.nTrim the woody ends from the asparagus. Spread the spears in a single layer in a shallow roasting pan baking sheet, drizzle with olive oil, sprinkle with salt, and roll to coat thoroughly. Roast the asparagus until lightly browned and tender, about 10 minutes, giving the pan a good shake about halfway through.nMeanwhile, put the egg yolk, lemon juice, and cayenne in a blender. Pulse a couple times to combine.nPut the butter in a small microwave proof bowl and heat in a microwave until just melted. With the blender running, gradually add the melted butter into the egg to make a smooth frothy sauce. If the sauce is really thick blend in a teaspoon of lukewarm water to loosen it up. Season with the salt and serve immediately or keep warm in a small heatproof bowl set over hot but not simmering water until ready to serve.nSpread the roasted asparagus on a serving platter. Grind a generous amount of pepper over the top., ingredients: [1 pound medium asparagus, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, Pinch cayenne pepper, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter 12 stick, 12 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Roasted Asparagus with Hollandaise, picturelink: SqBa70z1kevenebo2tJIdyf.vGsUqVq}, 544: {instructions: Place a pizza stone or an inverted rimmed baking sheet on the bottom rack of the oven and preheat to 500.nToss the roasted peppers, tomatoes, basil and minced garlic with 1 tablespoon olive oil in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Cook the sliced garlic in the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a small skillet over mediumhigh heat until golden, about 1 minute. Cool slightly.nStretch or roll out the pizza dough into a 12to14inch round on a lightly floured surface. Generously dust a pizza peel or another inverted baking sheet with cornmeal and place the dough on top. Drizzle with a little of the garlic oil and season with salt. Top with the mozzarella, provolone and tomatopepper mixture, then sprinkle with the pine nuts and sliced garlic.nSlip the pizza onto the preheated pizza stone or baking sheet and cook until the crust is golden and crisp and the cheese is melted, 10 to 15 minutes. Top with goat cheese before slicing.nPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [12 cup thin strips roasted yellow or red peppers, 10 cherry tomatoes, halved, 14 cup sliced fresh basil, 3 cloves garlic 1 minced, 2 sliced, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 pound pizza dough, thawed if frozen, Allpurpose flour, for dusting, Cornmeal, for dusting, 6 ounces mozzarella cheese, shredded about 1 12 cups, 3 ounces provolone cheese, shredded about 34 cup, 2 tablespoons pine nuts, toasted, 4 ounces goat cheese, crumbled], title: Buona Lisa Pizza, picturelink: 4DZJSecijhDJ6mcvPGMvPOktl1MW6}, 545: {instructions: Place 2 baking sheets in the oven and preheat to 425 degrees F.nCut all the vegetables into 1 12inch pieces. Cut the onions through the base core to keep some of the layers in chunky pieces. Toss all the vegetables with garlic, olive oil and salt in large bowl. Season generously with pepper.nCarefully remove the heated baking sheets from the oven, brush or drizzle with olive oil. Divide the vegetables evenly between the 2 pans, spreading them out to assure they dont steam while roasting. Roast the vegetables until tender and golden brown, stirring occasionally, about 45 minutes to 1 hour., ingredients: [1 large butternut squash, 1 12 to 2 pounds halved, seeded and peeled, 3 large Yukon gold potatoes 1 12 pounds, scrubbed, 1 bunch medium beets, about 1 12 pounds, scrubbed and tops trimmed, 1 medium red onion, 2 large parsnips about 8 ounces, 1 head garlic, cloves separated, and peeled about 16, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: OvenRoasted Root Vegetables, picturelink: Qrsv62TF6HSBW1D9vd9cndNgLtucaG}, 546: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nThere are rubs and there are brines. A brine is a slower process where the rub, sugar and salt are diluted to penetrate the protein and break it down so that the meat is juicy, flavorful and tender after cooked. I love brined pork and chicken, but if I am cooking late and didnt think about it the day before, I will have to do a nice rub on the meat, which is just more concentrated and expedited, and thats what I have here. Pork chops go with so many accompaniments but I do love the acidity of apples or an applesauce with pork chops and the bite of mustard greens. You can use mizuna, or arugula if you cannot find mustard greens. Also, you can put a schmear of hot mustard mixed with a little honey or molasses on the plate instead for the kick. I like onion rings, in general. My other favorite accompaniment to pork chops is kimchee tossed with some fresh fruit such as peaches or plums.nTo cook the pork chops: Grind all the spices together with the sugar and rub all over the pork chops. Set aside for 30 minutes to an hour at room temperature.nPreheat the grill on high or heat a castiron skillet over mediumhigh heat on the stovetop and preheat the oven to 375 degrees Add 1 tablespoon olive oil to the pan if cooking in cast iron.nCook the pork on one side for 4 to 5 minutes on the grill or in cast iron. Flip over and cook for another 4 to 5 minutes on the grill if cooking in cast iron, flip the chop and transfer to the oven for 4 to 5 minutes. Set aside to rest for 5 minutes.nTo cook the sauteed apples: In a medium saute pan over mediumhigh heat, combine the sugar, 1 tablespoon water and a drop of lemon juice. Cook until sugar caramelizes to golden brown. Turn off the heat and add the apple slices and star anise. Return the pan to mediumhigh heat, stir in the butter and remaining lemon juice. Saute, stirring, for 2 minutes, adding the brandy in the last minute of cooking with a pinch of salt. Simmer briefly to burn off the alcohol and thicken the caramel. Set aside.nTo cook the onion rings: Bring the canola oil to 360 degrees F in a large pot. Combine the flour, cornstarch, salt and pepper in a bowl. Pour the buttermilk into a shallow dish or bowl. Dip the onion rings in the flour mixture to dredge, shaking off any excess. Dip in the buttermilk to coat, and then back into the flour mixture. Shake off any excess flour. Working in batches, fry the rings until light golden brown, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain on paper towels and sprinkle with salt.nServe the pork chops with the sauteed apples, onion rings and mustard greens., ingredients: [3 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 teaspoon black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon pimenton, 4 whole cloves, 1 teaspoon light brown sugar, 3 bonein centercut pork chops 10 to 12 ounces each, Sauteed Apples:, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon lemon juice, 1 Granny Smith apple, cored and sliced into 14inchthick slices, 1 whole star anise, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons brandy, Salt, 2 cups canola oil, for frying, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cornstarch, 12 teaspoon salt, plus more as needed, A few grinds of black pepper, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 large yellow onion, sliced into 12inch rings and separated, Mustard greens, for serving], title: Grilled Pork Chops with Sauteed Apples, Onion Rings and Mustard Greens, picturelink: tFam32am.wj03JMnE9DlxLwOpIIABO}, 547: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a large frying pan, brown ground turkey and veal, approximately 10 minutes. Once brown, drain, then sprinkle 2 tablespoons of cinnamon onto mixture, and set aside.nIn another large frying pan, heat 14 cup olive oil and saute diced onions until browned. Add sliced mushrooms to onion mixture, and saute together with seasoning, pinch of salt and pepper, until cooked. Place cooked mixture in large bowl and set aside.nUsing the same frying pan do not wash, add remaining 14 cup oil and saute with pinches of salt and pepper, diced eggplant and garlic, until soft. Add these ingredients to onions and mushrooms in the mixing bowl. Add minced parsley, salt, freshly ground pepper, and remaining 2 tablespoons of cinnamon.nAdd 2 cans of tomato sauce to vegetable mixture. Combine browned turkey and veal with vegetable mixture adjust seasonings. Add 14cup sugar or honey to taste, and set aside.nCover counter top with heavyduty paper towels. Use 2 aluminum roasting pans, 1 for matzosoaking process, and 1 for egg dipping process.nFill 1 large aluminum roasting pan halfway with almost boiling water. Add matzos, 1 at a time to this bath and soak until wet through, not falling apart, but pliable. Remove and lay on paper towels. Place more towels on top of matzos to soak up excess water, if necessary.nFill second large aluminum roasting pan with about 3 cartons of liquid eggs. You will dip the softened matzos into egg mixture, 1 at a time as you layer.nGrease 2 912 by 13 inch glass baking dishes lightly with olive oil. Open remaining cans of tomato sauce, pour into mixing bowl, and set aside.nStart layering in Pyrex baking dish. First with a thin amount of tomato sauce on bottom, then with 2 to 2 12 egg dipped matzos these are used similarly to lasagna noodles, then with filling mixture, then several dollops of tomato sauce, continuing to repeat process until each baking dish uses 6 to 8 matzos. Finish with a layer of matzos brushed lightly with tomato sauce. Note: each baking dish has 3 matzo layers total.nBake at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes, until top is firm and golden., ingredients: [2 pounds ground turkey, 2 pounds ground veal, 4 tablespoons ground cinnamon, or to taste, 12 cup kosher for Passover oil, 2 medium onions, diced, 2 pounds fresh mushrooms button, cremini, or shiitake, sliced, Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper, to taste, 2 large eggplants, peeled and diced, 14 cup finely chopped fresh Italian parsley leaves, 6 cloves garolic, minced, 16 thick, unbroken matzo crackers, 4 to 6 16ounce liquid egg cartons, 6 15ounce cans tomato sauce, 14 cup sugar or honey], title: Sephardic Meat and Eggplant Lasagna: Meginah, picturelink: null}, 548: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCook the bacon until crisp in a large skillet. Remove with a slotted spoon to a plate.nWhile the bacon is cooking, cut off the ends of the brussels sprouts. Then chop the Brussels sprouts in half. Lay them cutsidedown and finely chop until they are all shredded.nAdd the garlic and shallots to the skillet and saute until fragrant and the shallots are soft, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the Brussels sprouts and saute until tender crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Add a pinch of brown sugar. Season with salt and pepper and add the lemon juice. Saute for 1 minute more. Toss with the chopped parsley and bacon. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 strip bacon, sliced into thin strips, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 shallot, minced, 6 ounces Brussels sprouts 2 big handfuls, Pinch brown sugar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Juice of 12 a lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley], title: Shredded Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: a9Pxj4GruR8jB1ruPhzv8sX072SD6}, 549: {instructions: Special equipment: 9 12 by 8inch baking pannPreheat an oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9 12 by 8inch baking pan lined with parchment paper with 1 tablespoon of butter.nTo make the almond topping, combine 5 tablespoons butter, 14 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract with the almonds and milk in a mediumsized saucepan. Cook over a low heat until the butter has melted, and then leave the mixture out to cool.nTo make the slice, whip together the remaining 1 stick 3 tablespoons butter, 12 cup sugar and vanilla extract with an electric beater until pale and creamy. Sift the flour with cornstarch and add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture in 2 batches, beating on low speed until just mixed. Pour the batter into the baking pan and bake for 12 minutes, or until lightly golden brown. Remove the pastry from the oven and leave it out to cool for 10 minutes.nCarefully spread the raspberry jam over the pastry base, and then spread the cooled almond topping over the jam. Return the dessert to the oven and bake for an additional 25 minutes, or until golden., ingredients: [12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, softened, 34 cup caster sugar superfine, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 7 ounces flaked or slivered almonds, 2 tablespoons milk, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, 13 cup cornstarch, 12 cup raspberry jam], title: Almond and Raspberry Slice, picturelink: null}, 550: {instructions: Place the bread on a baking sheet. Bake for 30 minutes in a 200 degrees F oven, or until totally dry.nBreak the bread into chunks . . .nAnd pulse [in food processor] until the bread turns into crumbs.nThrow the meat into a large mixing bowl.nAdd the garlic, bread crumbs, eggs, parsley, grated Parmesan, milk, salt, and pepper. Use clean hands to mix together until well combined.nUse a scoop to retrieve a small amount of the meat mixture . . . And roll it in your hands to make meatballs about 25. Place the pan in the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes, just to firm them up.nHeat the olive oil in a heavy pot over mediumhigh heat. Working with 8 to 10 meatballs at a time, cook them until brown but not cooked all the way through, 2 to 3 minutes per batch.nRemove from the pan to a plate while you make the rigatoni and sauce.nAdd the onion and garlic to the pan. Stir and cook for a minute or two, until the onion begins to soften.nAdd the wine and cook for another minute. Just omit this step if youre not using wine.nAdd the crushed tomatoes...whole tomatoes... salt, pepper, and sugar . . . And parsley and basil.nStir the sauce to combine all the ingredients . . . Cover and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.nThen throw in the meataballsnStir gently, then cover and cook for 20 more minutes, stirring once or twice, until the meatballs are cooked through.nHeap the rigatoni on a large platter and pile the meatballs and sauce on the top. Sprinkle on some extra minced parsley and serve with extra grated Parmesan.nThis is a good one, my friends.nI mean . . . i miei amici.nSincerely,nCostanza, ingredients: [6 thick slices crusty bread, 34 pound ground beef, 34 pound ground pork, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 2 eggs, beaten, 14 cup minced flatleaf parsley, plus more for serving, 34 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, plus more for serving, 14 cup whole milk, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 12 cup olive oil, 1 yellow onion, diced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 12 cup red wine optional, one 28ounce can crushed tomatoes, one 28ounce can whole tomatoes, 14 teaspoon salt, Freshly ground black pepper to taste, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 cup minced flatleaf parsley, 12 fresh basil leaves, cut in chiffonade optional, 2 pounds rigatoni, cooked al dente], title: Rigatoni and Meatballs, picturelink: null}, 551: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn the bowl of a mixer, combine 4 cups flour and salt. Add the yeast. In a small bowl, combine the milk and 2 tablespoons sugar. Add with the remaining milk to the flour. If using dry yeast, mix the yeast with 2 tablespoons of the milk and 2 tablespoons sugar and let sit until foamy, about 5 to 10 minutes and add to the flour.nAdd the eggs and butter to the flour mixture. Begin to mix the ingredients into a soft, but not sticky, dough. Add a little extra milk, 1 tablespoon at a time. Work in extra flour, 1 tablespoon at a time. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth and elastic. You can do this in a mixer fitted with a dough hook. Transfer the dough to a lightly oiled bowl, cover, and let rise until doubled in size, about 2 hours.nPunch down the risen dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for a few seconds. With a lightly floured rolling pin, gradually roll out the dough to about 12inch thick. When rolling dough, let it rest periodically to relax. Cut out into 3 to 4inch rounds with a lightly floured biscuit cutter. Reroll the scraps to make more rounds. Place the doughnuts on lightly floured baking sheets, spacing them apart, and cover lightly with a dry towel. Let rise in a warm spot until doubled in size, about 20 minutes.nTransfer the risen doughnuts to a heavy pot filled 3inches high with vegetable oil at 350 degrees F. Fry the doughnuts, a few at a time, until golden and puffed, turning frequently, 5 to 7 minutes.nLift the doughnuts from the oil using a slotted spoon and roll on a plate lined with granulated sugar and cinnamon mixed together. Let cool slightly and fill a pastry bag, fitted with a 12inch round tip with jelly preserves. Insert the tip into the end of each doughnut and pipe approximately 1 to 2 teaspoons preserves into them and serve., ingredients: [4 to 4 12 cup white bread flour, plus more for dusting, 1 teaspoon salt, 23 ounce .6 ounce cake fresh yeast or 1 envelope dry active yeast 2 12 teaspoons, 1 cup lukewarm milk, 2 tablespoons sugar, plus more for dusting, 2 large eggs, beaten, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, 12 cup preserves of choice, Vegetable oil, for frying, Cinnamon and sugar, for rolling doughnuts], title: Jelly Doughnuts, picturelink: ITkfW2wzM7tLsWRX5eDPtQLppcz.j3e}, 552: {instructions: Combine the flour, baking soda, and spices in a mixing bowl and set aside. Cream the butter until smooth and fluffy in a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer. Add the sugars and mix. Add the molasses and mix. Add the egg whites in 2 batches, mixing to combine after each addition. Add the dry ingredients in three batches, mixing to combine after each addition.nHeat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread a few tablespoons of granulated sugar on a small plate.nRoll the dough into 34inch balls, then roll each ball in the sugar until lightly coated. Transfer to parchment lined cookie sheets, leaving 1inch of space between the cookies. Bake until browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool on wire racks and store in an airtight container., ingredients: [2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 34 teaspoon cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, or more to taste, 12 teaspoon ground cloves, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 8 tablespoons 1 stick cool unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 12 cup granulated sugar, plus extra for rolling, 1 cup light brown sugar, packed, 13 cup molasses not blackstrap, 14 cup egg whites from about 2 eggs], title: ExtraSpicy Gingersnaps, picturelink: null}, 553: {instructions: For the chili powder: Mix together the cumin, garlic powder, oregano, paprika, cayenne and salt.nFor the bacon: Crisp the bacon in the olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat, about 10 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon and set aside on paper towels. Keep the grease.nFor the chowder: Brown the onions in the same saucepan, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle on the flour and chili powder. Cook for 1 minute. Add the chicken stock, corn and potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil and simmer on mediumlow until the potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in the cream and remove from the heat.nLadle the soup into bowls and garnish with cilantro and cheese. Sprinkle with the remaining chili powder and a squeeze of fresh lime juice. Serve with tortilla chips., ingredients: [2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons garlic powder, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon paprika, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 thick slices bacon, finely cubed, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 onion, chopped, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 3 12 cups organic chicken stock, 2 cups corn kernels, 2 cups Yukon gold potatoes, cubed, Sea salt, Freshly cracked pepper, 12 cup heavy cream, 12 cup crumbled cotija cheese, Lime wedges, Tortilla chips], title: Corn Chowder with Chili Powder and Crumbled Cotija Cheese, picturelink: null}, 554: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Slice bread and put aside. In large bowl combine eggplant, zucchini, squash, olive oil, salt, pepper, basil and garlic. Place vegetables on a baking sheet covered with foil and bake for 30 minutes. Place lettuce on bread and top with roasted vegetables. Add mozzarella and tomato. Drizzle vinegar over sandwich. Serve., ingredients: [1 10inch, loaf of French or Italian bread, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 eggplant, sliced, 1 zucchini, sliced, 12 yellow squash, sliced, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 lettuce leaves, Fresh mozzarella, sliced, 1 tomato, Balsamic vinegar], title: Roasted Vegetable Hoagie, picturelink: null}, 555: {instructions: Remove a wide, 2inchlong strip of zest from 1 orange with a paring knife. Finely grate the zest of the other orange and set aside. Peel and segment both oranges, cover and refrigerate.nCombine the wine, 5 tablespoons sugar, the honey, cinnamon stick and orange zest strip in a small saucepan. Simmer over mediumlow heat until reduced to 1 12 cups, about 40 minutes. Discard the cinnamon and zest and cool the wine reduction completely. Set aside 12 cup for serving.nCombine the milk with the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar in a medium saucepan. Sprinkle in the gelatin and let stand, undisturbed,nuntil the gelatin softens, about 4 minutes. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the gelatin and sugar are just dissolved do not boil let cool. Whisk in 1 cup of the wine reduction, the grated orange zest and yogurt until smooth. Pour into six 6ounce ramekins or jars, cover and refrigerate until set, at least 3 hours or overnight.nJust before serving, core and finely dice the apple, then toss with the reserved orange segments. Dip the bottom of each ramekin in warm water to loosen. Invert each panna cotta onto a plate, drizzle with the reserved wine reduction and top with the fruit.nPhotograph by Ngoc Minh Ngo, ingredients: [2 oranges, 3 cups boxed red wine, 7 tablespoons sugar, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 cinnamon stick, 1 cup whole milk, 1 14ounce packet unflavored powdered gelatin, 2 cups wholemilk plain yogurt, 1 Granny Smith apple], title: Sangria Panna Cotta, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 556: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFor the spice blend: Combine the salt, brown sugar, paprika, garlic powder, mustard seeds, coriander, cumin, ginger, oregano, cayenne and cinnamon.nFor the braised beef: Bring the brisket to room temperature. Sprinkle with black pepper, then rub some of the spice blend onto the meat. Reserve 2 tablespoons spice blend for another use, such as Black Bean and Beef Chilaquiles with Fried Eggs. Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh to high heat. Add the brisket and cook until browned. Transfer to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil, the garlic, celery, carrots and onions and season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, for 5 minutes. Stir in the chipotle puree and tomato paste and cook for 1 minute. Stir in the beer and cook for 1 minute more. Add the stock and tomato puree and bring to a low boil. Add the brisket, cover and braise in the oven until very tender, 2 12 to 3 hours.nMeanwhile, bake 12 drop biscuits according to the package instructions.nTransfer the brisket to a cutting board. Puree the sauce with an immersion blender or in a food processor. Slice the brisket. Reserve 1 12 pounds brisket for another use if desired, such as Black Bean and Beef Chilaquiles with Fried Eggs. Return the brisket to the sauce, stirring gently to coat.nFor the applecabbage slaw: Whisk together the oil, vinegar, sugar and lime juice in a large bowl. Add the apples, cabbage and onions, season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Top with the cilantro.nDivide the beef and sauce among plates and serve with the biscuits and slaw., ingredients: [14 cup kosher salt, 14 cup packed light brown sugar, 3 tablespoons sweet or smoked sweet paprika, 1 tablespoon garlic powder, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons ground coriander, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 2 teaspoons ground ginger, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 beef brisket 5 to 6 pounds, trimmed so that there is no more than 18inch fat on top, Freshly ground pepper, 14 cup olive or vegetable oil, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 to 3 stalks celery, chopped, 2 carrots, chopped, 1 large or 2 medium onions, chopped, Kosher salt, 14 cup vegetable oil, 3 tablespoons cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons pureed seeded chipotle in adobo, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1 bottle Mexican beer, such as Negra Modelo, 2 cups beef stock, One 32ounce can tomato puree, 1 package buttermilk biscuit mix, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar or 3 tablespoons honey, Juice of 2 limes, 1 green apple, peeled and grated, 1 small red cabbage, finely shredded, 1 red onion, grated, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup fresh cilantro leaves], title: Mexican Brisket and Biscuits, picturelink: LqnsJUwrZebsseftgEBVCJMznYuE6rq}, 557: {instructions: Pierce the potatoes a few times with a fork. Microwave until tender, 12 to 15 minutes let cool 5 minutes. Meanwhile, pulse the crackers in a food processor until finely ground. Transfer to a shallow dish and season with the paprika and a few grinds of pepper.nHeat 34 inch olive oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Season the pork with salt and pepper. Dip each cutlet in the beaten eggs, letting the excess drip off, then dredge in the cracker crumbs. Working in batches, add the pork to the skillet and fry until golden and crisp, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Drain on a rack season with salt.nPut the peas in a microwavesafe bowl with 2 tablespoons water. Cover with plastic wrap microwave until warmed through, 2 minutes. Drain and toss with the olive oil season with salt and pepper.nSplit the potatoes lengthwise. Mash the flesh with a fork divide the cheese among the potatoes and mash to melt the cheese slightly, then top with the peas. Serve with the pork and lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 small russet potatoes, 1 sleeve saltine crackers about 40, 12 teaspoon paprika Freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for frying, 4 pork scallopini or cutlets about 1 12 pounds, Kosher salt, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 12 cups frozen peas, 1 5ounce package garlicandherb cheese spread such as Boursin, Lemon wedges, for serving], title: Pork Schnitzel with Cheesy Potatoes, picturelink: 5QplvLts7PtTUcmkorNVS4l7GIE3RP6}, 558: {instructions: Combine the lettuce, arugula, radishes, cucumbers and sunflower seeds in a large bowl. Add the dressing, season with salt and pepper, and gently toss.nCombine 12 cup each mayonnaise and sour cream, 13 cup each chopped parsley and chives, and 14 cup chopped tarragon in a blender. Add 2 anchovy fillets, 1 minced garlic clove, 1 tablespoon capers, the juice of 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper puree until smooth., ingredients: [6 heads Little Gem lettuce, torn into large pieces, 4 cups baby arugula about 3 ounces, 8 radishes, thinly sliced, 2 Persian cucumbers, thinly sliced, 14 cup salted roasted sunflower seeds, 34 cup green goddess dressing, recipe follows, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Baby Greens with Radishes and Sunflower Seeds, picturelink: FrfUDR7g27yPArlbodIzKxFukkxvvgS}, 559: {instructions: Prepare the pasta dough according to the recipe and set aside, wrapped in plastic, while you prepare the stuffing.nIn a large stockpot, cover the potatoes with water and bring to a boil. Cook until they are easily pierced with the end of a paring knife, about 15 minutes. Drain and, when cool enough to handle but still hot, peel them and run them through a food mill or ricer. Set aside.nCombine the onion and pancetta in the bowl of a food processor and pulse until both are finely chopped and mingled. In a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat the olive oil over high heat and add the pancetta and onion mixture. Cook for 5 minutes over high heat, then stir in the potatoes and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove from the heat and turn the mixture into a large bowl. Mix in the egg yolks, chives, marjoram and 1 tablespoon grated Montasio. Set aside to cool.nUnwrap the pasta dough and, using a pasta rolling machine, roll it out to the thinnest setting. Cut 3inch squares from the dough. Using a spoon or clean hands, place walnutsized dollops of the potato mixture onto half of the squares, and top them with the other squares to form the ravioli. Seal the edges of each raviolo and place them on a baking sheet.nBring 6 quarts of water to a boil and add 2 tablespoons salt. Cook the ravioli in the boiling water until cooked through and tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. You may need to work in batches.nMeanwhile, in a 12 to 14inch saute pan, heat the butter over mediumhigh heat until it foams, subsides, and begins to brown. Add a splash of the pasta cooking water. Add the cooked ravioli to the pan and toss gently over high heat for 1 minute. Sprinkle with the poppy seeds and remaining cheese and serve immediately.nMound 3 12 cups of the flour in the center of a large wooden cutting board. Make a well in the middle of the flour and add the eggs and the olive oil. Using a fork, beat together the eggs and oil and begin to incorporate the flour, starting with the inner rim of the well.nAs you expand the well, keep pushing the flour up from the base of the mound to retain the well shape. The dough will come together when half of the flour is incorporated.nStart kneading the dough with both hands, using the palms of your hands. Once you have a cohesive mass, remove the dough from the board and scrape up and discard any leftover bits. Lightly reflour the board and continue kneading for 6 more minutes. The dough should be elastic and a little sticky. Wrap the dough in plastic and allow to rest for 30 minutes at room temperature.nRoll the pasta out on a pasta rolling machine to the desired thickness., ingredients: [Basic pasta dough, recipe follows, 1 12 pounds starchy potatoes, 12 onion, roughly chopped, 18 pound pancetta, cut into 3 or 4 pieces, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, Salt and pepper, 1 egg yolk, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh marjoram, 1 tablespoon freshly grated Montasio, plus 14 cup, 14 cup unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons poppy seeds, 3 12 to 4 cups allpurpose flour, 4 extralarge eggs, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil], title: Potato Ravioli: Ravioli di Patate, picturelink: 3i.Cm.2J3ewOpJUDDOU5apOjhOAT4ue}, 560: {instructions: You will need a mediumsized bowl, a griddle or heavy skillet at least 8 inches in diameter, and a rolling pin.nPlace corn meal in a bowl and pour boiling water over. Stir to mix well. Let sit for fifteen minutes. Mix in onehalf cup of all purpose flour. Turn this mixture out onto a bread board spread with 14 cup of flour. Knead for 2 to 3 minutes, incorporating the 14 cup of flour into the dough and if necessary, use a little more. The dough will be soft but not at all strong. Return the dough to the bowl and cover. Let rest for 30 minutes.nDivide the dough into eight pieces. Between wellfloured palms, make flat round patties out of each of the eight and set aside. Heat your griddle over medium high heat, making sure that it is hot before you cook the first tortilla. On a wellfloured surface as the dough is quite sticky, carefully roll out a tortilla until it is approximately 7 to 8 inches in diameter. We find it easiest to first pat out the dough with our fingers or between our palms, and then to roll out the tortilla at the very last just to make it uniform in thickness. Cook the tortilla as you would a wheat tortilla, approximately one minute on each side. The tortillas will be flecked with brown on both sides. When cooked, remove and wrap in a kitchen towel. Stack one on top of another., ingredients: [1 12 cups blue corn meal, 1 12 cups boiling water, 34 to 1 cup all purpose flour], title: Blue Corn Tortillas, picturelink: null}, 561: {instructions: Combine turkey, apple, onion, celery, poultry seasoning, salt, and pepper in a bowl and form into 4 large patties. Preheat a large skillet or a grill pan to medium high heat. Drizzle skillet or brush grill with vegetable oil and cook patties 5 to 6 minutes on each side. Toast split English muffins. Mix together cranberry sauce and mayonnaise. Spread muffin halves with cranmayonnaise and pile in burgers and Bibb lettuce. Serve burgers with corn on the cob and berry desserts.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt and corn and cook for 5 to 6 minute. Drain ears and spread with butter. Sprinkle ears with a generous coating of chopped chives., ingredients: [1 13 pounds the average weight of one package from meat case ground turkey breast, 1 small McIntosh apple, finely chopped, 1 small white onion, chopped, 1 rib celery from heart of the stalk, finely chopped, 1 rounded teaspoon poultry seasoning, Salt and pepper, Vegetable oil, for drizzling, 4 sandwich size sourdough English muffins, 1 cup prepared whole berry cranberry sauce, 12 cup mayonnaise or reduced fat mayonnaise, 8 leaves Bibb lettuce, cleaned, 4 ears corn, shucked, 4 tablespoons butter, 20 blades fresh chives, finely chopped], title: Cranberry Bog Turkey Burgers, served with Corn on the Cob with Chive Butter, picturelink: TPTwhAj1f9ihDKnJj6w3E27NH1kP.lG}, 562: {instructions: Slice eggs in half crosswise. Separate the whites from the yolks. Slice the egg whites into ringlets and set aside.nIn a bowl, whisk together the yolks and cold water until the yolks are dissolved. Whisk in the oil, salt, sugar, and mustard until combined well. Add the vinegars.nToss the greens with the dressing. Transfer to a serving bowl. Place scallions around the outside and top with the egg white ringlets., ingredients: [2 eggs, hardboiled, 2 tablespoons cold water, 2 tablespoons oil, Salt to taste, 1 teaspoon powdered sugar, 1 teaspoon mustard, 2 teaspoons white vinegar, 2 teaspoons tarragon vinegar, 1 pound mixed greens lettuce, chervil, watercress, etc., 1 cup scallions, sliced on the diagonal], title: Garden Salad, picturelink: null}, 563: {instructions: Scrub the beets, pat them dry and put into a paper bag. Place the bag into the microwave on a microwavesafe plate and cook on high power in 2 minute increments, until tender when pierced with a knife, 10 to 12 minutes total. When cool enough to handle, peel off the skin with a paring knife. Quarter the beets and cut each segment into 12inch wedges. Transfer to a medium bowl.nCoarsely chop the pecans. Toast in a small, dry skillet over medium heat, stirring the pecans around frequently, until very aromatic, but not blackened, about 5 minutes. Remove from the skillet to a bowl to cool.nJuice the orange over a small bowl. Combine 14 cup of the orange juice and the maple syrup in the same small skillet. Boil the mixture over medium heat until reduced to a thick syrup about 2 tablespoons, about 5 minutes. Whisk the mustard into the syrup, remove from the heat and add to the cooked beets. Stir in the pecans and 1 teaspoon of the remaining orange juice. Season with salt and pepper and toss to combine., ingredients: [4 medium or 2 large golden or red beets as close to the same size as possible, about 1 12 pounds total, 13 cup pecan pieces, 1 orange or 14 cup plus 1 teaspoon orange juice, 2 tablespoons maple syrup, 1 12 teaspoons Dijon mustard, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Warm Maple and Orange Beet Salad, picturelink: ZxL9Awvhh85lXbMLZtZLDFCT21h66Dm}, 564: {instructions: In a large saucepan toss the leek and carrot slices with the olive oil. Cook over medium heat for 5 minutes, until the vegetables are lightly browned, then stir in the remaining ingredients. Cover the pan and simmer the mixture for 1 hour, until the lentils are tender and most of the liquid has been absorbed. To keep the leek slices intact, do not stir. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 pounds leeks, well rinsed and sliced 12inch thick, including some of the green part, 2 large carrots, peeled and sliced 12inch thick, 14 cup olive oil, 2 12 cups water, 1 cup green lentils, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 14 teaspoons salt, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Lentils and Leeks, picturelink: null}, 565: {instructions: Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add oil, peppers, scallions and garlic. Cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Add corn to the pan and allow the liquids from frozen corn to cook out, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes to the pan and the juice of 1 lime. Throw the lime halves right into the pan with the veggies, it will really punch up the flavor. Season with cumin, cayenne sauce, paprika, salt and pepper. Top with cilantro or parsley and transfer the warm salad to a serving dish., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 small red bell pepper, chopped, 1 small green or orange bell pepper, chopped, 4 scallions, chopped, whites and greens, 3 cloves chopped garlic cloves, 4 cups frozen corn kernels, 3 plum tomatoes, seeded and chopped, 1 ripe lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, eyeball it, 1 tablespoon cayenne pepper sauce, recommended: Tabasco, eyeball it, 1 teaspoon sweet paprika, eyeball it, Coarse salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro or parsley leaves, to garnish], title: Warm Corn and Tomato Salad, picturelink: oL8Dy8CLtErUzjjWSpgFabL8920f3dy}, 566: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spray a 9by13inch baking dish with canola spray.nWhisk together the eggs in a large bowl. Next, add and mix together the Cheddar, cream cheese, heavy cream, breadcrumbs, honey, marjoram and shallots. Add the corn and stir into the mixture. Add the butter and mix together.nPour the corn pudding into the baking dish, top with salt and pepper and bake until the pudding just sets, about 45 minutes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Canola spray, for spraying baking dish, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 cup shredded sharp Cheddar, 1 cup whipped cream cheese, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 2 tablespoons honey, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh marjoram, 2 shallots, chopped, 4 cups fresh corn kernels or two 8ounce bags frozen corn kernels, thawed, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Corn Pudding, picturelink: R2X0sqWvYC1jCVvESTkTKqbAdI1r4yu}, 567: {instructions: Special equipment: 2inch pastry cutternTo roast the tomatoes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Season the tomatoes with oregano, salt and pepper, to taste. Drizzle with oil and arrange them on a cooling rack over a baking sheet. Roast until then are golden, 20 to 25 minutes.nRaise the oven temperature to 400 degrees F when the tomatoes are roasted. Unfold 1 puff pastry sheet onto a clean cutting board. Prick the dough evenly, multiple times, with a fork. Using a 2inch pastry cutter, cut out 12 circles and arrange them on a parchment lined baking sheet. Repeat with the second sheet of pastry. Bake until they are nicely puffed and golden, about 8 minutes.nTo assemble: Cut the puffs in half. Spoon a generous teaspoon of marinara sauce into the bottom of half of the puffs and sprinkle with Parmesan. Put a roasted tomato on top of each followed by the basil and a sprinkling of the mozzarella. Top with the other puff pastry halves and arrange them on a baking sheet. Bake for another 5 minutes, giving the cheese time to melt. Transfer the bites to a serving platter and serve warm., ingredients: [6 small about 1 14 pounds roma tomatoes, sliced 14inch thick, 2 teaspoons dried oregano, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Extravirgin olive oil, 2 sheets puff pastry, thawed, 1 cup jarred marinara sauce, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 5 fresh basil leaves, chiffonade, 12 cup shredded mozzarella], title: Sunnys Pizza Bites, picturelink: null}, 568: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Brush 3 12 12 by 9inch rimmed baking sheets otherwise known as quarter sheet pans with melted butter. Line the pans with parchment paper, leaving a few inches of overhang on opposite sides. Butter the top of the parchment paper as well, then set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, beat the almond paste and sugar on medium speed until well combined, about 5 minutes. Add the almond extract. Roughly cut the room temperature butter into pats and gradually add to the almond pastesugar mixture. Beat until light and fluffy, about 2 minutes, scraping down the sides of the bowl if needed. Add the eggs, 1 at a time, beating to combine after each addition. Add the flour and salt and beat until just combined.nDivide the batter evenly among the prepared baking sheets, about 2 14 cups each sheet, smoothing the batter out with an offset spatula. Gently tap the baking sheet on the table to remove any air pockets in the batter. Air pockets will cause holes in the baked cake and give a ragged look to the finished product. Bake until just set, but not browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Give the baking sheets a turn halfway through baking, after about 8 minutes, for even baking, if needed, but dont worry too much because were covering the cakes. Test with a toothpick or skewer and if clean, remove from the oven and transfer to wire racks to cool.nTo make the jam easier to spread and to prevent tearing the cake, puree the raspberry jam in a food processor. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Turn 1 cake layer out onto the lined baking sheet. Spread half of the raspberry jam in an even layer over the cake. Carefully flip the cake out of the baking sheet and top with a second cake layer. Spread with the remaining jam. Carefully flip the final layer out of the baking sheet and top the cake. Place a piece of parchment paper over the final layer and top with a second baking sheet. Weigh down with 2 large 28ounce cans. Chill in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour and up to overnight.nRemove the cake from the refrigerator and cut into 1inch squares. Place onto a wire racks over at least 2 baking sheets, leaving at least 1inch between each cake piece.nPlace each of the tinted royals icings in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water, with the bottom of the bowl not touching the water, until pourable. You should have about 8 cups total. Youll be using about 1 heaping tablespoon icing on each. Carefully place a cut cake on a chocolate forkdipper or a small fork. Place the cake over the icing and spoon the icing onto the cake. If the cake drops into the icing, carefully pick it up with your spoon and place back onto your forkdipper. Place back onto the wire rack using another dipper or fork to slide onto the wire rack. Top with decorative dragees, as desired. Repeat with the remaining icing and cakes. Alternately, for each tinted frosting, set 3 cooling racks over baking sheets and divide the cut cake pieces evenly among the racks. Pour the tinted frosting slowly over the cake pieces. If you need extra frosting, just remove the cooling rack, scrape the excess frosting from the baking sheet, melt or microwave until pourable and touch up any area that the frosting didnt coat the first time. Let stand until set, about 30 minutes at room temperature or cover and place in the refrigerator for up to 1 week until ready to serve.nPut your raspberries and 14 cup water in a saucepan over medium heat. Once its at a simmer, partially cover and cook 8 to 10 minutes. Pass the berry mixture through a food mill and measure the liquid that remains. You need 3 12 cups. Add more water if there isnt enough.nPut the berry liquid into a new saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer again. Once it simmers, start adding your sugar in 12 cup increments. Give it a stir to incorporate and bring it back to a simmer before adding of the next 12 cup sugar. Once the last 12 cup is added, bring the liquid to 216 to 218 degrees F on a candy thermometer. Stir constantly.nLet this cool to room temperature prior to using. If not using right away, refrigerate for up to 1 week. Yield: 2 cups.nIn a large heatproof bowl, combine 1 14 cups plus 1 tablespoon water, corn syrup and almond extract. Once incorporated, slowly whisk in the sugar until fully combined. Alternately, slowly mix together in a stand mixer and transfer to a heatproof bowl prior to icing cakes.nDivide the icing into 3 heatproof bowls. To make a pale green color, add a little less than 1 drop green food coloring to the first bowl. To the second bowl, add 1 drop purple coloring for a lavender color. And leave the final bowl white, or add another color, as desired., ingredients: [2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus melted butter for pans, 1 pound almond paste, 1 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon pure almond extract, 6 large eggs, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch fine sea salt, 1 13 cups Raspberry Preserves, recipe follows, or strawberry jam with seeds, 8 cups tinted Royal Icing, recipe follows, or store bought, Decorative dragees, silver, gold, etc., for garnish, 1 quart raspberries, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1 34 cup sugar, 6 tablespoons corn syrup, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon almond extract, 17 12 cups confectioners sugar about 5 boxes, Green and violet food coloring or your favorite colors], title: Petit Fours, picturelink: U6sTUJQHYvG3UeuMfTDJNUQrevuhAQe}, 569: {instructions: Place Brussels sprouts in microwave safe dish and cover. Microwave on HIGH 7 minutes stir halfway through cooking. Heat the butter in a fry pan until it turns nut brown. Add the almonds and toss to brown. Stir in extract. Add the Brussels sprouts, season with salt and pepper and toss. Cook for another 2 minutes. Garnish with chives and serve hot., ingredients: [2 bags 16ounces frozen Brussels sprouts, 4 tablespoons butter, 14 cup sliced almonds, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped chives, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brown Butter Almond Brussels Sprouts, picturelink: HMKZTRz6WgucKLVPTvElHfM1xLcELe}, 570: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium. Lightly brush the lavash with olive oil, then grill until marked on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Flip the bread and immediately top with the fontina. Continue grilling until the cheese melts, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a platter and top with the prosciutto.nCombine the arugula, fennel, parsley and red onion in a large bowl. Drizzle with the vinegar and 1 tablespoon olive oil season with salt and pepper and toss. Pile on top of the pizzas sprinkle with the gorgonzola.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [2 pieces lavash or other flatbread, halved, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 12 cup grated fontina cheese about 2 ounces, 4 ounces thinly sliced prosciutto, torn, 4 cups baby arugula, 1 bulb fennel, halved, cored and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh parsley, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup crumbled gorgonzola or other blue cheese about 2 ounces], title: ArugulaProsciutto Flatbread Pizzas, picturelink: I107lvUYRAH1bKQ2xWxN9NOE4M06QO}, 571: {instructions: In a large, heavy bottomed soup pot, saute the onions and celery in the whole butter until translucent. Stir in the flour and cook over a low flame for approximately 5 minutes. Add a splash of Sherry then the cream, stir this then add the water and milk. Now add the salt, hot sauce and crab roe, bring to a simmer then add the crabmeat. Stir in the crab gently as to not break the lumps. If the soup appears too thick, add a little more milk and adjust the seasonings. Serve in a soup cup and garnish with the scallions, chives and a splash of sherry., ingredients: [1 small yellow onion, finely diced, 2 stalks celery, finely diced, 4 ounces whole butter, 4 ounces all purpose flour, Splash sherry, 1 pint heavy cream, 1 pint water, 2 pints whole milk, 1 12 teaspoons salt, Several dashes hot sauce, 14 pound crab roe, 14 pound jumbo lump crab meat, 1 bunch scallions tops, finely diced, 1 bunch fresh chives, finely diced, Fine sherry], title: She Crab Soup, picturelink: null}, 572: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPierce potatoes and rub skins with oil. Place in a shallow baking pan in a single layer. Bake uncovered for 50 minutes or until tender. Allow to cool.nIn a mixing bowl, combine Monterey jack, sour cream, cream cheese, onions, basil, garlic, salt, and pepper and mix well. When the potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut them in half lengthwise. Carefully scoop out the pulp, leaving a thin shell. Add pulp to the cheese mixture and mash. Stir in half of the cooked, crumbled bacon. Stuff potato shells.nIn a separate bowl add the crushed pretzels, the remaining bacon, and the melted butter. Mix well. Top each potato with the pretzel topping.nPlace in a baking dish or on a cookie sheet and bake for 10 to 15 minutes, or until heated through. These can also be frozen and then baked at a later date. Be sure to thaw before baking., ingredients: [1 12 pounds small red potatoes new potatoes, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 cup shredded Monterey jack cheese, 12 cup sour cream, 3 ounces cream cheese, 13 cup minced green onions, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 clove minced garlic, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 pound bacon, cooked and crumbled, 1 cup crushed garlic flavored pretzels, 12 stick butter, melted], title: Twice Baked New Potatoes, picturelink: null}, 573: {instructions: Cook the bacon in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain on paper towels, then crumble finely. Pour the fat from the skillet into a spouted measuring cup. Add vegetable oil as needed to make 14 cup fat if there is more than 14 cup bacon fat, pour off the extra. Set the skillet aside.nPour the bacon fat into a stockpot 12quart or larger over medium heat. Add a few popcorn kernels when they begin to sizzle, add the remaining kernels and shake to coat in the oil. Cover the pot and cook, shaking frequently, until the popping has almost stopped a pop every second or two, about 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the heat and keep covered.nIn the skillet used for the bacon, melt the butter and maple syrup over mediumlow heat, stirring to loosen any browned bits on the bottom of the skillet. Stir in the crumbled bacon and then pour the mixture over the popcorn toss well to coat all of the kernels. Season with salt and toss again. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 slices bacon about 8 ounces, Vegetable oil, as needed, 34 cup popcorn kernels, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, 3 tablespoons pure maple syrup, Kosher salt], title: MapleBacon Popcorn, picturelink: UR3QIeyaCLTpBrBMg.6wv.7z1BJKcrK}, 574: {instructions: Combine the flour, cinnamon, shortening, sugar and salt, and wetting gradually with the wine, knead together with fingers until rather hard dough or paste is formed. Form into a ball, cover with a cloth and let stand for about 1 hour. Cut dough in half and roll half of the dough into a thin sheet about 14inch thick or less and cut into 4inch ovals.nPlace a metal tube diagonally across each oval lengthwise. Wrap dough around tube by overlapping the 2 sides, sealing the overlapping sides with a little egg white. Meanwhile heat vegetable oil in a large deep pan for deep frying. Drop 1 or 2 of the tubes at a time into the hot oil, fry gently on all sides until dough turns a golden brown color. Remove from pan, let cool a little, gently remove shell from the metal tube. Set shells aside to become cold. Repeat procedure until shells are all made.nMix the ricotta thoroughly with sifted dry ingredients. Add two drops of vanilla and chopped fruit peel. Mix and blend well. Chill mixture before filling shells. Fill cold shells and smooth filling evenly at each end of the shell. Sprinkle the shells with confectioners sugar.nRefrigerate until ready to serve., ingredients: [2 cups flour, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons shortening, 1 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon salt, 34 cup Marsala, 1 egg white, Vegetable oil, for deep frying, 1 12 pounds ricotta cheese, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 12 cup chocolate chips, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla, 3 tablespoons citron peel, chopped, 3 tablespoons candied orange peel, chopped], title: Cannoli alla Siciliana, picturelink: null}, 575: {instructions: Since this is an assortment of fruit served in a broth, count on any single piece of fruit yielding 4 portions. Two peaches, for example, would be more than sufficient. Take your time to clean and slice the fruit as neatly as possible. This is a recipe where presentation counts.nThe fruits can be cut ahead of time. Sprinkle with lemon juice and cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready.nTo make the broth, combine the pineapple juice, lemon juice, honey, ginger and Grand Mariner in a saucepan. Bring quickly to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 5 minutes before removing from heat. Cool completely.nWhen ready to serve, allow 10 to 15 minutes to prepare. Use soup plates with broad, flat bottoms and arrange a mixture of the fruit in a colorful pattern across the bottom of the plate, possibly putting some of the slices in a pinwheeltype arrangements with little mounds of diced fruit or berries in the center. Once you have all the fruit divided among the plates, ladle several tablespoons of the cool broth over the fruit.nThere should be just enough broth in each plate to cover the bottom it should not be soupy. A possible garnish would be a small scoop of sorbet on each plate and perhaps a sprinkling of grated coconut., ingredients: [An assortment of the freshest fruit available: Some suggestions  blueberries, blackberries, sliced pitted peaches or plums, kiwis peeled and quartered, sliced banana, mango or papaya, star fruit, 1 cup pineapple juice, Juice of 2 lemons, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons grated fresh ginger, 13 cup Grand Marnier], title: Fresh Fruit in a Cool Ginger Broth, picturelink: null}, 576: {instructions: Adjust the oven rack to the lowermiddle position and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nFry the regular chopped bacon in a large, deep skillet until the bacon has partially cooked and released about 14 cup drippings. Add the onions, peppers and jalapenos, and saute until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the beans, barbecue sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, ketchup, mustard and chipotles, and bring to a simmer. If the skillet is not large enough, add the beans and heat to a simmer and then transfer to a large bowl and stir in the remaining ingredients. Pour the flavored beans into an aluminum pan. Top with the uncooked slices of bacon you can halve the slices if you like. Then bake until the beans are bubbly and the sauce is the consistency of pancake syrup, about 2 hours. Let stand to thicken slightly and serve., ingredients: [4 slices regular bacon, diced, 1 medium onion, cut into small dice, 1 medium green bell pepper, cut into small dice, 1 red bell pepper, cut into small dice, 1 fresh jalapeno, chopped, 4 large cans 28 ounces each pork and beans, 1 cup barbecue sauce, 12 cup brown sugar, 14 cup distilled or cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons ketchup, 1 tablespoon yellow mustard, 2 chipotle peppers, minced, 6 slices thin bacon], title: Perfectly Baked Beans, picturelink: 92C9MeaJusqxQwhQDebjVWn3MHCc8W}, 577: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8by8by2inch pan.nMelt the chocolate and shortening together in a small saucepan. Stir the sugar into the wellbeaten eggs in a large bowl. Combine the chocolate and the egg mixtures in the bowl.nAdd the baking powder and salt to flour and sift. Add the flour mixture to the chocolate mixture add the vanilla and nuts, if using. Stir to combine.nSpread the dough evenly in the pan. Bake 25 to 30 minutes. Cool 30 minutes, cut into squares and enjoy., ingredients: [3 ounces unsweetened chocolate, 13 cup shortening, 1 cup sugar, 2 eggs, well beaten, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 cup flour, sifted, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla, 1 cup chopped walnuts, optional], title: OldFashioned Brownies, picturelink: null}, 578: {instructions: Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil and cook the lentils until tender, 20 to 45 minutes. Check often because the cooking time varies depending on the age of the lentils. Drain and set aside. In a mediumsize nonreactive skillet, heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over mediumhigh heat, then cook the Swiss chard until it wilts, 1 to 2 minutes. Remove and drain off any liquid. Set aside. In the same skillet heat the remaining 3 tablespoons olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cilantro and cook until sizzling, 1 to 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Reduce the heat to medium, add the Swiss chard, drained lentils and water and cook for 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Add the lemon juice and pomegranate molasses and continue cooking until the lentils look mushy, about another 10 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and drizzle a small amount of olive oil over it before serving., ingredients: [1 12 cups dried green or brown lentils, picked over and rinsed, 14 cup extra virgin olive oil, 5 large Swiss chard leaves, washed well, stems removed and sliced into thin strips crosswise, 2 tablespoons mashed garlic about 8 large garlic cloves, 34 cup finely chopped cilantro leaves from 1 to 2 bunches, 1 cup water, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons pomegranate molasses], title: Lentils with Lemon, picturelink: null}, 579: {instructions: Set up a barbecue for indirect cooking to 110 degrees C 225 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a large castiron pan set over medium heat on the stovetop. Add in the garlic and onions and cook, stirring often, until softened, 5 minutes. Add the brisket and the Chili Seasoning and stir until the meat is coated in the spice mix.nAdd the tomato paste and chopped tomatoes, stir well, and bring almost to a boil. Reduce the heat and stir in the bourbon, molasses and beans, then add 500 milliliters 17 ounces of the stock and some salt and pepper.nCover the pan with a lid and place it on the barbecue. Cook for 1 hour, and then check and adjust the seasoning and the chili heat. Its better to adjust the seasoning at this point, rather than just before serving. Cook for another 5 hours or so, stirring occasionally and adding more stock when needed.nThe chili is done when it looks like a rich, glossy sauce with meltinyourmouth meat that is still in identifiable hunks. Serve the chili topped with sour cream and pickles.nIn a small bowl, mix the chipotle, cumin, chiles, cocoa, coriander, oregano, smoked salt, sugar, cinnamon, paprika, smoked paprika and black pepper. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [75 grams 2 23 ounces salted butter, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 large onions, chopped, 1 kilogram 2 14 pounds leftover smoked brisket, cut into 2centimeter 34inch cubes, 4 tablespoons Chili Seasoning, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, Two 400gram 14ounce cans chopped tomatoes, 2 shots 6 tablespoons bourbon, plus more if desired, 6 tablespoons molasses, Two 400gram 14ounce cans kidney beans, drained, 500 to 750 milliliters 17 to 25 ounces beef or chicken stock, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Serving suggestions: sour cream and pickles, 2 tablespoons diced dried chipotle, 2 tablespoons ground cumin, 1 tablespoon chile flakes, 1 tablespoon cocoa powder, 1 12 teaspoons ground coriander, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 1 12 teaspoons smoked salt, 1 12 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 34 teaspoon paprika, 34 teaspoon smoked paprika, 34 teaspoon black pepper], title: Grillstock Hillbilly Chili, picturelink: null}, 580: {instructions: Mix 34 cup mayonnaise, the zest and juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon Old Bay Seasoning, 1 minced scallion and a few drops of hot sauce.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Old Bay Mayo, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 581: {instructions: For the stew, heat the oil in a nonstick pan over a medium heat. Add the lamb and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, turning occasionally, until the lamb is brown on all sides. Remove the lamb from the pan, and set aside on a warm plate.nAdd the mustard seeds to the same pan and fry for 30 seconds, or until the seeds start to pop. Be careful of the popping seeds and splattering oil. Add the onion, and fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until golden brown. Meanwhile, in a food processor, blend the garlic, and the ginger to a paste, adding a splash of water to bind the mixture. Add the garlic and ginger paste to the fried onions, and continue to cook for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the water has evaporated from the paste and it has turned golden brown. Add the salt to taste, sugar, ground coriander, ground cumin, ground turmeric and red chile powder and cook for a further 20 to 30 seconds.nAdd the pureed tomatoes and 3 12 ounces of the water, stir well and bring the mixture to a gentle simmer. Simmer for 6 to 8 minutes, stirring well, or until the volume of liquid has completely reduced and the sauce has almost dried out.nFor the fenugreek dumplings:nMix all of the fenugreek dumplings ingredients together in a bowl until well combined, then bring the mixture together to form a semisoft dough.nUsing your hands, roll the dough into 3 sausage shapes, then pinch off 6 pieces from each sausage. Roll the pieces into smooth balls, and set aside.nWhen the sauce has reduced, add the remaining water, coconut milk, and lemon juice. Continue to simmer the stew for 5 minutes. Add the sweet potato to the stew, and bring it back to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and after 6 minutes, add the dumplings. Cover the pan with a lid and continue to simmer for 6 to 7 minutes, or until the potato is tender.nAdd the reserved lamb and the chickpeas to the pan, cover again and cook for another 4 to 5 minutes, or until the lamb is cooked to the desired degree of doneness.nStir the fresh cilantro and garam masala into the stew, just before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 pound 5 ounces lamb, cleaned, and cut into small pieces, fat trimmed, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 large onion, finely chopped, 5 large cloves garlic, peeled, 1 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, Kosher salt, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon ground coriander, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 14 to 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 3 tomatoes, blended to a puree in a food processor, 8 ounces water, 14 ounces coconut milk, 1 to 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, to taste, 1 small sweet potato, peeled and cut into chunks, 8 ounces canned chickpeas, drained and rinsed, 3 12 ounces chapatti flour or wholemeal flour, 1 12 ounces chickpea flour, 2 tablespoons chopped dried fenugreek leaves or 4 tablespoons chopped fresh fenugreek leaves, 1 12 teaspoons freshly grated ginger, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 34 teaspoon sugar, Pinch ground turmeric, 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 13 teaspoon baking powder, Handful chopped fresh cilantro leaves, 1 14 teaspoon garam masala], title: Lamb and Fenugreek Dumpling Stew, picturelink: null}, 582: {instructions: Cut slices of bread about 23inch thick. Cut tomatoes in half. Rub their pulp slowly into both sides of the bread slices to color the bread. Sprinkle both sides of the bread with salt. Drizzle both sides of the bread slices with olive oil. Arrange the slices on a large platter. If desired, serve with very thin slices of the Serrano ham., ingredients: [1 loaf thicksliced crusty bread, 2 14 pounds very red tomatoes, ripe and firm, Extra virgin olive oil, Salt, Serrano ham in very thin slices optional], title: Pan con Tomate Crusty Bread with Tomato, picturelink: null}, 583: {instructions: Combine the ingredients in a sauce pan over low heat. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes to blend the flavors. Remove from the heat, let cool for several minutes until just warm and serve., ingredients: [14 cup water, 12 cup honey, 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon low sodium soy sauce, 14 cup hot mustard], title: Sweet Mustard Dip, picturelink: null}, 584: {instructions: In a large pot of water over medium heat, add the asparagus spears and steam until barely tender, about 4 minutes. Drain and set aside.nMeanwhile, make the dressing: Put the egg yolks in a small bowl and break them up with a fork until no clumps remain. Add the mustard, lemon juice, vinegar, smoked paprika, salt and pepper, to taste, and whisk until smooth. Drizzle in the olive oil, while whisking, to make a creamy dressing. Arrange the asparagus on serving plates. Chop the egg whites and sprinkle them over the asparagus along with the lemon zest and capers. Drizzle with the dressing and top with freshly ground black pepper, to taste. Serve warm, room temperature or chilled.nLay the eggs in a single layer in a large saucepan. Cover with cold water by at least 1inch. Bring to a simmer over low heat and cook for 1 minute. Cover with a lid, turn off the heat, and allow the eggs to sit for 15 minutes. Rinse with cold water., ingredients: [1 pound asparagus, trimmed, 2 HardBoiled Eggs, recipe follows, yolks and whites separated, 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 1 lemon, zested and juiced, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 12 teaspoon smoked paprika, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon capers], title: Asparagus with TangySmoky Dressing, picturelink: KDNV2sr3dN1L.p0YSEkMWliDw2eba}, 585: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSeason the duck breasts generously with salt. Place both duck breasts in a saute pan large enough to accommodate without crowding. Bring the pan to a mediumlow heat to render the fat from the duck. Periodically remove the fat as a lot of it begins accumulate in the saute pan. This is a low and slow process, about 20 to 25 minutes.nOnce the fat has rendered and the duck skin is crispy and brown, once again remove the excess fat from the pan. Turn the heat up to mediumhigh and flip the duck to sear the bottom. Once the bottom is brown turn the duck so skin side is down. Add the pomegranate molasses and thyme to the pan. Cook until the molasses starts to get thick and syrupy. Turn the duck over for 2 to 3 minutes.nRemove the duck from the pan and let rest for 8 to 10 minutes. Remove the thyme bundle and add the pomegranate seeds. If the mixture is very thick add a few drops of water to loosen things up.nOnce the duck has rested, slice it on the bias and serve drizzled with the reduced molasses and seeds.nJust DuckynDecember  Why We Love: Pomegranates, ingredients: [2 duck breasts, skin scored into a crosshatch pattern, Kosher salt, 2 cups pomegranate molasses, 1 bundle fresh thyme, 1 cup pomegranate seeds], title: Seared Duck Breast with Pomegranate Molasses, picturelink: fHZVnwc8Rkj2cxoOMyctPSZLSOH0TZm}, 586: {instructions: For the pumpkin: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRemove the stem from the pumpkin and scrape out the insides, discarding the seeds. Cut the pumpkin in half and lay the pieces cutside down on a rimmed baking sheet lined with aluminum foil. Rub canola oil all over the skin and bake until forktender, about 1 hour. Let cool.nFor the easy pie crust: While the pumpkin is cooking, make the crust. In a large bowl, combine the flour and salt. Add in the butter and work into the dough with a fork until the mixture is crumbly. Stir in just enough cold water 4 to 5 tablespoons with a fork just until the flour is moistened. Divide the dough in half, shape each half into a ball and flatten slightly. Wrap one ball in plastic wrap and refrigerate for another use.nRoll out the remaining dough ball on a lightly floured surface to a 12inch round. Transfer to a 9inchdiameter glass pie dish. Fold the overhangs under and crimp decoratively. Pierce the dough all over with a fork. Chill in the refrigerator for 15 minutes.nLine the crust with foil, fill with dried beans or pie weights and bake until the sides are set, about 12 minutes. Remove the foil and beans. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nFor the filling: Scoop out the pulp from the roasted pumpkin and puree in a food processor until smooth. Add the condensed milk, cream, cornstarch, molasses, canola oil, cinnamon, ginger, salt and eggs and combine thoroughly.nPour the filling into the crust and bake until the filling is set in the center, about 1 hour. Transfer the pie to a rack and cool for 30 minutes. Serve at room temperature or chilled.nDecorate with whipped cream before serving, if using., ingredients: [1 medium sugar pumpkin, Canola oil, for oiling pumpkin, 2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for flouring, 14 teaspoon salt, 23 cup 11 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, One 14ounce can sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup whipping cream, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons molasses, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon ground ginger, 14 teaspoon salt, 3 large eggs, Whipped cream, for serving, optional], title: From Scratch Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: null}, 587: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degreesnCoat a baking sheet with the olive oil. Arrange eggplant slices around baking sheet and season with salt and pepper. Bake for 15 minutes or until lightly golden and tender.nIn a large skillet melt 2 tablespoons butter over moderate heat and saute mushrooms, onion and garlic until liquid evaporates. Add tomato paste, parsley, oregano, basil, salt, pepper, cinnamon and red wine and cook until dry. Stir in bread crumbs, 14 cup grated Parmesan and eggs. Remove from heat and set aside.nIn a saucepan over moderately high heat melt 14 cup butter and whisk in flour. Allow mixture to cook for 1 To 2 minutes. Whisk in warm milk and continue to whisk until smooth and thick. Remove from heat and whisk in nutmeg and egg yolks. In a large buttered casserole dish arrange eggplant slices. Spread half of the mushroom mixture over the eggplants and top with remaining eggplant slices. Cover eggplant with remaining mushroom mixture and top with white sauce. Sprinkle remaining grated cheese over white sauce, cover with aluminum foil and bake for 35 minutes. Uncover casserole and bake for another 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 medium eggplants, cut into 12inch slices, Salt and pepper, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound white mushrooms, sliced, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 13 cup tomato paste, 3 tablespoons, chopped parsley, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon dried basil, Salt and pepper, Dash of cinnamon, 14 cup dry red wine, 14 cup bread crumbs, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 2 eggs, lightly beaten, 14 cup unsalted butter, 14 cup flour, 1 14 cups warm milk, 12 teaspoon nutmeg, 2 egg yolks], title: Eggplant Mushroom Moussaka, picturelink: null}, 588: {instructions: Wrap potatoes in aluminum foil and bake at 400 degrees for approximately 45 minutes, or until tender.Let potatoes cool. When cool, cut potatoes in half lengthwise. Use a spoon to scoop out most of the soft center and place in bowl. Set aside. Brush the potato skin halves lightly with olive oil or spray with canola oil and place them flat side down on a baking sheet. Put the skins in the oven at 400 degrees and cook until hot and crunchy, approximately 1015 minutes. Add cucumber, celery, tomato, mushrooms and 34 of the chives to the potatoes. Add olive oil, vinegar, salt and pepper. Toss well. Pull the potato skins out of the oven. Fill each potato skin with the potato salad mixture. Top each with a dollop of sour cream, blue cheese crumbles, turkey bacon if using, remaining chives and a grind of black pepper. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 small to medium russet potatoes, 6 to 8 chives, white and green, chopped, 12 cucumber, diced, 2 stalks celery, diced, 1 pint cherry tomatoes, diced, 8 oz. mushrooms, chopped, 2 Tbs. champagne vinegar can substitute apple cider or balsamic vinegar, Salt and pepper, to taste, 12 cup extra virgin olive oil, 12  1 cup light sour cream, 12  1 cup blue cheese crumbles, 68 oz. turkey bacon, cooked and diced optional], title: Skinny Skins Baked Potato Skins, picturelink: null}, 589: {instructions: In a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Add pancetta and stir with a wooden spoon so you have some nice curls. Cook for 4 to 5 minutes until crispy then remove to paper towels. Reserve pancetta fat in the pan and add the chicken stock, lemon, garlic, thyme and bay leaf. Bring to a boil then and then add escarole and clams. Cover and simmer for 15 minutes until clams open. Season with salt, pepper, and sugar.nSeason bass fillets with salt and pepper. Place a large saute pan over medium heat and add remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil. Once oil is smoking add the fillets, skin side down and dont move for 3 minutes. Using a fish spatula carefully pick up fillets and set in the pan over escarole and poaching broth flesh side down for 30 seconds.nDivide escarole and clams with the broth on individual plates, top each with a bass fillet and garnish with the crispy pancetta., ingredients: [4 tablespoons olive oil, 4 slices pancetta, 1 quart lowsodium chicken stock, 1 lemon, thinly sliced, 3 clove garlic, peeled, 14 bunch fresh thyme, leaves chopped, 1 bay leaf, 2 bunched escarole, cleaned, leaves torn, 16 small clams, scrubbed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 pound sea bass fillet, cut into 4 pieces], title: Sea Bass with Clams in Lemony Escarole, picturelink: null}, 590: {instructions: In a skillet heat some olive oil. Add minced garlic and escarole and saute, stirring constantly until the leaves just wilt.nRemove from heat, stir in basil and prosciutto, salt and crushed red pepper., ingredients: [8 ounces escarole or radicchio, well washed and roughly chopped, rinsed with water left on that clings to leaves, Olive oil, Minced garlic, Fresh mint or basil, cut into chiffonade, Some prosciutto, cut into chiffonade, Salt and crushed red pepper], title: Escarole or Radicchio Braised with Mint, picturelink: null}, 591: {instructions: Make the caramel: Combine the sugar, 13 cup water and the kosher salt in a medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring just until the sugar dissolves. Cook, gently swirling the pan occasionally but not stirring, until amber, 8 to 10 minutes. Brush any sugar crystals off the side of the pan with a wet pastry brush. Remove from the heat and carefully whisk in the butter the mixture will bubble. Pour into a 9inchround cake pan, tilting the pan to coat the bottom set aside.nSlice off the top and bottom of the oranges. Place the oranges cutside down and cut off the peel and white pith with a chefs knife, following the curve of the fruit. Cut along both sides of each membrane to remove the segments. Set the segments aside, discarding any seeds.nMake the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Spread the almonds on a baking sheet and roast until golden brown, 8 to 10 minutes. Let cool, then transfer to a food processor and pulse until finely ground. Transfer to a medium bowl add the flour, baking powder, baking soda and kosher salt and whisk to combine.nBeat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on mediumhigh speed until fluffy, about 5 minutes. Beat in the eggs one at a time, scraping down the bowl as needed. Beat in the orange zest. Reduce the mixer speed to low beat in the flour mixture in 3 batches, alternating with the sour cream, beginning and ending with flour, until just smooth.nArrange the orange segments in the cake pan in concentric circles. Add the batter and smooth the top. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean, 40 to 45 minutes. Tent with foil if the top gets too dark. Transfer to a rack and let cool slightly, then run a knife around the edge of the cake and invert onto a platter. Let cool completely. Sprinkle with sea salt.nPhotograph by Kana Okada, ingredients: [For the caramel:, 23 cup sugar, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon salted butter, 4 to 5 oranges, For the cake:, 12 cup sliced almonds, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 34 teaspoon baking powder, 34 teaspoon baking soda, 1 stick salted butter, at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon grated orange zest, 12 cup sour cream, Sea salt, for sprinkling], title: Salted CaramelOrange UpsideDown Cake, picturelink: cs2ukRJH4c6ixTnwpmOCX9VdBR5oA6u}, 592: {instructions: Toss the shrimp with the salt, pepper and garlic powder. Add 12 cup of the garlic, stir in the olive oil and mix well.nHeat a skillet over high heat and add the shrimp, melted butter and the remaining garlic. Cook until done, making sure not to overcook the shrimp, 3 to 4 minutes. Just before the shrimp finish cooking, add the Shaoxing wine.nSqueeze some fresh lemon over the shrimp and serve., ingredients: [1 pound medium 2125 tailon shrimp, peeled, deveined and butterflied, 1 tablespoon Hawaiian sea salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 14 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 cup chopped garlic, 12 cup olive oil, 12 cup 1 stick butter, melted, 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine or white wine, 12 lemon], title: Garlic Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 593: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCombine blue cheese with chopped chives and stir in bread crumbs. Fill mushrooms with cheese mixture and place on a baking sheet. Bake for 5 minutes and serve on a platter or large plate., ingredients: [34 cup softened blue cheese, 14 cup chopped chives, 14 panko bread crumbs, 18 mushrooms silverdollar size cleaned and stem pulled off], title: Stuffed Mushroom Caps with Blue Cheese Souffle, picturelink: XsKcAgOhjtTGI3fpd0SsWFTdhRjwESG}, 594: {instructions: Special equipment: A deepfry thermometer A flexible bench scrapernFor the dough: Heat the milk in a small saucepan over medium heat just until bubbles form around the edge. Transfer the milk to a small bowl and let it cool to about 110 degrees F.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk together the flour, granulated sugar, yeast and salt.nAdd the egg to the milk and whisk to combine. With a wooden spoon, add the milk mixture to the flour mixture and stir it into a ball. Tip the dough onto a lightly floured surface and knead the dough until it is smooth, about 5 minutes. You can add a little bit more flour at this point if necessary.nNext, knead the butter into the dough piece by piece, using a flexible bench scraper to scrape the butter back into the dough as you knead. The dough will seem sticky and buttery, but dont add more flour. Just keep kneading and stretching the dough until the butter is completely absorbed and the dough is smooth. Pop the dough into a buttered bowl, cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.nFor the apple mixture: The next day, toss the apples with the cider vinegar in a medium bowl.nIn a large skillet, melt the butter over medium heat. Sprinkle the granulated sugar over the melted butter and cook, stirring, until the sugar turns deep golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. The butter and sugar may separate. Dont worry. Add the apples and toss to combine. Cook until the apples release some of their juice and are just tender but still hold their shape, 1 to 2 minutes. Use a slotted spoon to transfer the apples to a plate. Cook the remaining liquid down until thick and syrupy, about 3 minutes more. Drizzle the caramel over the apples and toss gently to combine. Let cool to room temperature.nPull the dough out of the fridge. On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out into a large rectangle, with the short sides at the bottom and the top, about 14 inch thick. Use a slotted spoon to transfer half the apples to the bottom half of the rectangle. Leave most of the apple liquid behind. Fold the top half of the dough over the bottom half. Press the dough down to seal in the apples. Spread the rest of the apples, without too much of that liquid, on the right half of the dough square. Then fold the left half of the dough over the apples and press to seal. Roll this into a ball, transfer it to a buttered bowl, cover lightly and set aside to double, about an hour.nOn a floured surface, tip the doubled dough out and press it into a big square. Use the bench scraper to cut the dough into 12 equal pieces. Shape each piece into a rough ball as best you can. Dont worry if they seem messy or apples pop out. Just smoosh them back together and proceed. Transfer the pieces to wellfloured baking sheets. Cover lightly with plastic and let stand until puffed, about an hour.nHeat 3 inches of oil in a large, heavybottomed pot to 360 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with paper towel.nFor the glaze: Meanwhile, whisk together the confectioners sugar, milk and vanilla in a bowl. Add more milk or a little water if necessary. It should be runny.nVery carefully transfer a puffed piece of dough to a large spider or spatula and lower it into the oil. Add a few more dough balls, but dont crowd the pan. Cook until they are golden brown and puffed, 2 to 3 minutes, flipping halfway through. Make sure to keep the oil temperature between 350 to 360 degrees F. Lift the fritters out with the spider and set them on the paper towellined baking sheet for about 3 minutes.nTransfer the fritters to a rack and use a pastry brush to cover them in glaze. Serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [12 cup whole milk, 1 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for kneading and the surface, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 34 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 large egg, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, plus more for the bowl, Oil, for frying, 3 small apples, peeled, cored and diced about 3 cups, 2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 cup confectioners sugar, 1 to 2 tablespoons whole milk, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract], title: Apple Fritters, picturelink: IjROEAfv5mDDLncf7gIpzk82xQ1JvG}, 595: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees. Put the grapes and kosher salt in a food processor and pulse until the grapes are coarsely chopped. Transfer to a strainer let sit for a least 10 minutes. Mix the green onion, vinegar, oil, rosemary, garlic and pepper together in a small bowl. Add the grapes and mix well. ASSEMBLY: Arrange the shells on a baking sheet and fill each with 12 teaspoon walnuts, 12 teaspoon Brie, and 12 teaspoon grape salsa use a fork to transfer the salsa to the shells to avoid capturing too much liquid. Bake until cheese begins to melt, about 5 minutes do not overbake., ingredients: [1 cup seedless red grapes, cut in half, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 tablespoons finely chopped green onion, green part only, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 2 teaspoons walnut oil, 14 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon minced garlic, 18 teaspoon pepper, 48 112 inch round savory pastry shells, 12 cup walnuts, toasted and chopped, 8 ounces Brie, rind removed], title: Walnut and Brie Tartlets with Grape Salsa, picturelink: null}, 596: {instructions: Fill a Collins glass with ice. Add the lime juice and bitters. Fill to the rim with ginger beer and stir to mix. Grate some ginger over the top. Garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [34 ounce fresh lime juice, 4 dashes bitters, Ginger beer, Fresh ginger, for garnish, 1 lime wedge, for garnish], title: The Bikers Mule, picturelink: OBxCYacS85I0QzjkPNG9ygH6aADKuy}, 597: {instructions: To make the marinade, place the cumin seeds in a dry pan and toast over medium heat, shaking pan until the seeds aroma is released about one minute. Combine the seeds with the garlic, salt and pepper in a mortar and mash with a pestle to create a paste, or process in a mini food processor or blender. In a large bowl, mix the citrus juices, then stir in the paste and combine well. Immerse the chicken pieces in the marinade and allow to sit for three hours or overnight.nWhen youre ready to cook the chicken, place the flour on a large plate. Remove the marinated chicken pieces from the bowl and dredge them in the flour set aside. Heat 12 to 34 shortening in a large, heavy pan over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Place chicken in the pan skin side down and fry 8 to 10 minutes per side until lightly browned on all sides. Turn heat to medium low and partially cover pan. Continue cooking, turning frequently until cooked through, about 25 minutes. Remove chicken from oil and place on a platter lined with paper towels to drain., ingredients: [1 12 cups flour, 3 tablespoons cumin seeds, 3 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 fresh limes, juiced, 2 fresh oranges, juiced, 1 fresh grapefruit, juiced, 1 whole 2 12 pounds frying chicken, cut into pieces, Vegetable shortening for frying], title: Cubanstyle Fried Chicken, picturelink: null}, 598: {instructions: Pour 1 cup of water into a large saucepot. Add the salt pork and crabmeat, if using, and bring to a boil.nMeanwhile, in a small frying pan over medium heat, melt 1 tablespoon of butter. Add chives, onion, and garlic and cook until lightly browned, about 2 minutes.nAdd the garlic mixture to the pot with the pork. Add the okra, dasheen or spinach, coconut milk, and pumpkin and cook until soft, about 10 minutes. Turn off the heat, add the remaining tablespoon of butter, and season with salt, to taste. Serve hot with rice or cornbread., ingredients: [1 cup water, 14pound salt pork, Meat from 2 cooked crabs, optiona, 2 tablespoons butter, divided, 4 chives, minced, 1 onion, minced, 3 garlic cloves, minced, 8 okra, cleaned and diced, 12 dasheen leaves, cleaned and stripped from their stalks, 4 cups coconut milk, 1 12 cup grated or cubed pumpkin, Salt, Rice or cornbread, for serving], title: Callaloo, picturelink: null}, 599: {instructions: Place lime cubes in cocktail shaker. Sprinkle lime with sugar. Smash the lime with pestle, spoon or muddle for 1 or 2 minutes to release all the oils from the rind. Add the cracked ice to the shaker, pour cachaca over all. Shake hard for at least 30 seconds. Pour into glass. Garnish with lime slice., ingredients: [12 lime, cut into small cubes, 1 teaspoon fine sugar, Handful cracked ice, 1 12ounces cachaca, Slice of lime, for garnish], title: Caihpirinha, picturelink: null}}