{59700: {instructions: Mash the avocado with the garlic, lemon juice and salt and pepper, to taste. Reserve covered in the refrigerator.nPreheat oven to 375 degrees F.nCook the bacon in a medium saute pan until browned and crisp and transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Crumble and reserve.nPour off and reserve all the bacon fat. Saute the onion, garlic, and jalapeno seasoned with the cumin, coriander and salt and pepper, to taste, in a couple tablespoons bacon grease. On 2 tortillas sprinkle half of the grated cheese. Then layer equal amounts of the onion mixture, crumbled bacon, and the remaining grated cheese. Top with the other 2 tortillas.nFry quesadillas in bacon grease turning until cheese is fully melted and the tortillas are crisp, about 5 minutes.nCut into wedges and serve with the guacamole, sour cream and cilantro on top., ingredients: [1 Hass avocado, seeded and peeled, 1 small garlic clove, minced, 12 lemon, juiced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 5 slices bacon, 1 large onion, chopped, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 or 2 medium jalapeno peppers, stemmed, seeded and finely chopped, 14 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon ground coriander, 4 large flour tortillas, 1 pound jack cheese, grated, 12 cup sour cream, Cilantro, for garnish], title: Bacon, Jack and Jalapeno Quesadillas, picturelink: null}, 59701: {instructions: For the cupcakes: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a mini cupcake pan with 12 cupcake liners.nSift the flour, baking soda and salt into a medium bowl. Set the bowl aside.nIn the bowl of an electric stand mixer with a paddle attachment, cream the sugar and oil together, about 5 minutes. Scrape down the sides of the bowl, and then add the vanilla and coffee extracts and 1 egg at a time, scraping down the sides of the bowl after each addition.nWhisk your porter beer and cocoa together in a separate bowl and set aside.nTurn the mixer to low and add your sour cream. Continue with the mixer on the lowest speed and add the flour mixture and cocoa mixture, alternating between the two, beginning and ending with the flour.nFill the prepared liners half full with the batter and bake for 30 minutes. Cool.nFor the ganache: In a microwavesafe bowl, heat the porter beer to 130 degrees F. Pour the beer over the white chocolate in a clean medium bowl. Whisk until incorporated. Transfer the ganache into a sauce bottle for use. Hold at room temperature until the cupcakes are cooled.nFor the caramel corn crunch: In a microwavesafe bowl, heat your peanut butter and milk chocolate for 30 second increments until melted. Stir with a spoon between heating. Crush the caramel corn in a food processor until fine. Pour the chocolate mixture over the caramel corn. Stir with a spoon until incorporated. Chill in the refrigerator until set. Scoop with a number 70 ice cream scoop on to a plate lined with waxed paper. Reserve at room temperature until assembly.nFor the meringue: Combine the sugar and egg whites in a saucepan. Whisking constantly over low heat, bring the mixture to 110 degrees F. Pour the egg mixture into a standing mixer fitted with a whip attachment. Whip until it reaches room temperature the mixture should be light, fluffy and shiny. Add the vanilla extract and salt. This recipe should be done just prior to assembly.nTo assemble: Push the caramel corn filling into the middle of each porter cupcake. Fill in the hole with the porter ganache. Chill until set.nFill a piping bag fitted with a star tip half full with the meringue. Pipe on top of the cupcake. Toast the meringue with a kitchen torch. Garnish with caramel corn., ingredients: [34 cup cake flour, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 18 teaspoon salt, 1 cup light brown sugar, 34 cup vegetable oil, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon coffee extract, 2 eggs, 1 cup porter beer, 14 cup cocoa, 12 cup sour cream, 12 cup porter beer, 1 cup white chocolate coins, 12 cup creamy peanut butter, 12 cup milk chocolate coins, 1 cup caramel corn, such as Cracker Jack, plus more for garnish, 1 cup sugar, 4 egg whites, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon salt], title: Chocolate Porter Cupcakes, Porter Ganache, Caramel Corn Crunch, Toasted Meringue, picturelink: uJpzuIiRdtiXgooGZqe9AG82BtVnmjO}, 59702: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the cauliflower: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. In a small bowl, whisk together the oil, mustard, paprika and some salt and pepper Brush the cauliflower sections with the spice oil. Place flat on a sheet tray and roast for 10 minutes. Carefully flip the cauliflower and return to oven and roast until golden, another 10 to 12 minutes.nFor the mustard: Meanwhile, mix together in a small bowl the yellow mustard, honey and stone ground mustard. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside.nFor the sandwich build: Add the butter to griddle over mediumlow heat. In between two pieces of lavash, spread some honey mustard, layer shredded butterkase, a portion of cauliflower, pears and finally more shredded cheese. Place the sandwich on the griddle, covering with a metal bowl. Cook until golden and crisp on the outside and gooey in the middle, 4 to 5 minutes per side.nFor the salad: Mix the watercress, dill and radishes together, and toss with the lemon juice and some olive oil. Season with salt and pepper and serve on the side of the cauliflower melt., ingredients: [14 cup olive oil, 2 teaspoons ground mustard seeds, 2 teaspoons smoked paprika, Kosher salt and pepper, 1 head cauliflower, stemmed and cut into 12inch cross sections, 14 cup yellow mustard, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 tablespoon stone ground mustard, Kosher salt and pepper, 4 tablespoons salted butter, room temperature, 2 sheets lavash, quartered to yield 8 small sheets, 4 14 by 5 34inches, 8 ounces butterkase cheese, shredded, 2 ripe pears, sliced thin, 4 cups watercress, 2 tablespoons fresh chopped dill, 5 radishes, sliced thin, 12 lemon, juiced, Olive oil, Kosher salt and pepper], title: Roasted Cauliflower Melt, picturelink: s2dNw0droPl7ArI8.u58i4CeFYP8cy}, 59703: {instructions: Saute green pepper in butter until translucent, but not brown.nAdd to crabmeat, salt and pepper. Stir in mustard, mayonnaise and Worcestershire sauce. Put in buttered casserole. Top with bread crumbs, a few pats of butter, and sprinkle with crab boil seasoning. Bake for 25 minutes in a preheated 375 degree F. oven., ingredients: [14 large green pepper, diced, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 pound Chesapeake Bay crabmeat, Salt and pepper, 1 tablespoon mustard, 4 tablespoons mayonnaise, Dash Worcestershire sauce, 12 cup bread crumbs, Crab boil seasoning], title: Crab Imperial, picturelink: 9iuPwyDRjYZ1XEusdfLYv5iMeH5UDZm}, 59704: {instructions: Combine all ingredients, except salt, in a blender and pulse until frothy and well combined. Rim glasses with lime juice using a lime wedge then dip in margarita salt, drop some fresh pomegranate seeds in the bottom of the glass and pour margarita mix over the top., ingredients: [14 cup pomegranate juice, store bought is fine, plus seeds for garnish, 13 cup Tequila Blanco about 4 ounces, 18 cup Triple Sec about 1ounce, 14 cup fresh lime juice about 2 ounces, 12 ounces ice cubes, Margarita salt, optional], title: Pomegranate Margaritas, picturelink: XkqkvPW2OW3zDj256tLNc0z1kpxN1sO}, 59705: {instructions: Combine the pudding mix and sugar in a large bowl. Slowly stir in the whole and evaporated milks. Continue stirring until the mixture is smooth. Churn the mixture in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers directions, then freeze until firm.nPhotographs by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [1 512ounce package vanilla instant pudding and piefilling mix, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 cups whole milk, 1 12ounce can evaporated milk], title: Easy Ice Cream, picturelink: qS2uLKgl.swl6gUqVajJtRNHma5.S1G}, 59706: {instructions: PLACE all ingredients except dressing on serving plate.nDRIZZLE with dressing just before serving., ingredients: [2 cups torn mixed salad greens, 14 cup small broccoli florets, 14 cup red pepper strips, 14 cup cherry tomatoes, 2 Tbsp. shredded carrots, 1 Tbsp. PLANTERS Slivered Almonds, 2 Tbsp. KRAFT Ranch Dressing], title: Broccoli and Almond Salad, picturelink: 69xRX2Ooodt8i83TCBSogqQMceGf1ve}, 59707: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Fit the pie dough into a 9inch pie plate, fluting the edges, and chill until set, about 15 minutes. Prick the bottom and sides with a fork, and then line the crust with aluminum foil. Fill with pie weights or dried beans and bake until the edges of the crust are just golden, 20 minutes. Remove the foil with the pie weights and continue to bake until the bottom of the crust is dry and lightly browned, another 10 to 15 minutes. Cool completely.nToss the rhubarb with 14 cup granulated sugar and the orange zest and juice until well combined. Transfer to the crust and spread to form an even layer. Place the pie on a rimmed baking sheet. Whisk the eggs with the cream, flour and remaining 12 cup granulated sugar until smooth, and then pour over the rhubarb. Bake until the pie is lightly browned, puffed and no longer wet in the center, about 1 hour 15 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack. Before serving, lightly dust with confectioners sugar., ingredients: [1 sheet refrigerated pie dough from a 14.1ounce package, 1 14 pounds rhubarb about 6 medium stems, trimmed, halved lengthwise and cut into 1inch pieces about 4 12 cups, 34 cup granulated sugar, 12 teaspoon finely grated orange zest, preferably Valencia, 2 tablespoons orange juice, preferably Valencia, 2 large eggs, 23 cup heavy cream, 14 cup allpurpose flour, Confectioners sugar, for serving], title: Rhubarb Custard Pie, picturelink: kzqGRlHAZPZVlyr3ZZbRGLcWuw.xoeG}, 59708: {instructions: Add the basil, almonds, pistachios, tea, garlic, 34 teaspoon salt and lemon zest to a food processor. Cover and pulse a few times.nDrizzle in the oil while pureeing continue to process until the mixture makes a coarse pesto. Add salt to taste., ingredients: [1 12 cups packed fresh basil leaves, 13 cup smoked almonds, 13 cup shelled lightly salted roasted pistachios from about 34 cup shellon, 14 cup unsweetened green tea, chilled or at room temperature, 2 large cloves garlic, Kosher salt, 12 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil], title: Vegan Basil Pesto, picturelink: KyGF0aAjs3gwxBXACL08boHHwlXgyJy}, 59709: {instructions: Chill 2 martini glasses.nCombine the vodka, coffee liqueur, espresso and creme de cacao in a cocktail shaker with ice and shake until chilled and frothy. Strain into the chilled glasses and garnish with 3 coffee beans per drink., ingredients: [6 ounces vodka, such as Russian Standard, 4 ounces coffee liqueur, 4 ounces brewed espresso, chilled, 2 ounces creme de cacao white, 6 coffee beans], title: Espresso Martini, picturelink: null}, 59710: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nMelt the chocolate with the butter in the top of a double boiler set aside to cool. In an electric mixer with a paddle attachment or by hand, with a spoon, mix the sugar and eggs until lightened in color, about 1 minute. Pour in the cooled chocolatebutter mixture, then beat or stir in the 12 cup cream, vanilla, and salt. Beat well, scraping down the sides of the bowl as you go. Add the flour and mix just until blended. Divide the mixture between 4 6ounce ovenproof cappuccino cups. They should be filled to 14inch below the rim of the cup. Put them on a baking sheet and bake for 30 to 35 minutes, just until the tops begin to crack. Do not over bake the top should be crisp but the interior soft. Let them cool for about 15 minutes while you make the whipped cream.nDissolve the espresso powder in the remaining 1 cup of heavy cream, then whip the cream until it forms soft peaks. Put a dollop of the flavored whipped cream on each warm cappuccino and garnish with a dusting of cocoa. Serve warm., ingredients: [6 ounces excellentquality bittersweet chocolate, 14 cup 12 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup sugar, 2 large eggs, 12 cup heavy cream, plus 1 cup for whipping, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch salt, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon espresso powder, Unsweetened cocoa powder, for garnish], title: Molten Chocolate Espresso, picturelink: null}, 59711: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.nSet up your indooroven beer can chicken roaster according to manufacturers instructions. Rub the chicken all over with the dry rub making sure to get some around the cavity opening as well. Put the rubbed chicken in place over the beer can, on top of a roasting pan. Place the chicken in the oven and roast for 30 minutes.nLower the oven to 325 degrees F and roast for 90 minutes basting with the chicken drippings and Barbecue Sauce until very, very tender. Carefully remove the chicken from the roaster and let rest 10 minutes before carving. Remove beer can from chicken. Serve with more Barbecue Sauce on the side.nCombine all ingredients together. Store in an airtight container.nIn a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat, saute the onion and garlic in vegetable oil until soft. Add salt and pepper. Stir in remaining ingredients and bring to a boil. Lower the heat and simmer 10 minutes., ingredients: [5 pound whole chicken, rinsed and patted dry, 2 to 3 tablespoons dry rub, recipe follows, 1 12ounce can light beer, Barbecue Sauce, recipe follows, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons sweet paprika, 2 teaspoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon celery salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dry mustard, 1 teaspoon black pepper, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon chili powder, Cayenne pepper, pinch, 34 cup finely chopped onion, 2 teaspoons minced garlic, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 12 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard, 12 cup apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 14 cup water, Dash Worcestershire sauce], title: Beer in the Rear Chicken and BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59712: {instructions: Dice the fruit into 1 12inch cubes. Place the fruit on the skewers, alternating fruits for flavor and visual appeal. Place into a nonmetallic shallow pan.nCook the sugar and water together in a saucepan over low heat until the sugar dissolves about 5 minutes. Allow the syrup to cool. In a blender, add the sugar syrup, lime juice, jalapeno peppers, and red chili powder. Blend thoroughly, roughly 1 minute.nPour marinade over fruit kebabs and marinate for at least 1 hour turning kebabs occasionally.nPreheat the grill to low heat and grill the kabobs on both sides until you see brown grill marks and the fruit is warm, roughly 5 to 7 minutes. Remove the fruit kabobs from the grill and brush with the remaining chile sauce for a real fiery fruit kabob finish, ingredients: [2 honeydew melons, 2 cantaloupes, 8 ripe pears, peaches, or apples, 18 6inch long bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 20 to 30 minutes, 2 cups sugar, 2 cups water, 12 cup lime juice, 2 fresh jalapeno peppers, seeds and veins removed and roughly chopped, 4 tablespoons red chili powder], title: Seasonal Fruit and Melon Kabobs with Fiery Chile Sauce, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 59713: {instructions: Blend all ingredients together until it looks like a loose pancake batter. This will make between 8 to 10 crepes, depending on how thin they are made. They work best when they are almost paper thin. Pour small amount onto hot crepe pan and cook approximately 2 minutes on each side., ingredients: [1 egg, 1 cup allpurpose flour, Pinch salt, 1 cup water], title: Grandma Nancys Crepe Recipe, picturelink: null}, 59714: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 200 degrees F.nAdd the oats to a food processor and process until they resemble coarse flour. Add the baking soda, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg. Pulse a few more time to mix together.nMash the bananas in a large bowl until smooth. Add in the eggs and mix well, then add the honey and vanilla and stir. Add the dry mixture to the wet and fold with a rubber spatula until a batter forms.nPut a griddle on medium heat and grease with some of the butter. Drop 14 cup of the batter per pancake onto the griddle. Cook the pancakes on each side until golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer to the warm oven and continue with the remaining batter, adding more butter when needed.nTo make the berries, set a dry saute pan over high heat. Add the blueberries and swirl the pan to avoid sticking. Heat until the berries are just starting to change to a deep purple color and beginning to blister and open.nPour the berries over the pancakes and sprinkle with the coconut if using. Drizzle with the syrup. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 ripe bananas, 3 large eggs, lightly beaten, 2 teaspoons honey, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup blueberries, 12 cup toasted coconut flakes, optional, Maple syrup, for serving], title: Banana Pancakes with Blistered Berries, picturelink: Xem.7RcJDLY4FHMF9rlmu0zfrbTDi}, 59715: {instructions: Make the stock.nIn a large pot, bring 2 quarts chicken stock to a simmer. Add the chicken and return just to a simmer. Cover the chicken with a small heatproof plate to keep it submerged add more stock if needed. Cover the pot and reduce the heat gently simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about 1 12 hours.nRemove the chicken and let cool slightly, then roughly cut up the meat and set aside discard the skin and bones. Strain the stock into another large pot.nSkim the fat off the surface of the stock using a spoon.nMake the batter.nMeanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk the matzo meal, granulated garlic, baking powder, baking soda, 2 12 teaspoons salt and a few grinds of pepper. In a medium bowl, whisk the 2 whole eggs with the 3 yolks, schmaltz and minced onion. In a separate clean bowl, beat the 3 egg whites with a hand mixer until stiff peaks form. Stir the schmaltz mixture into the dry ingredients, then stir in onethird of the beaten egg whites until incorporated. Gently fold in the remaining egg whites until no streaks remain.nForm the matzo balls.nLine a baking sheet with plastic wrap. In a small bowl, combine the vegetable oil with 1 tablespoon water. Using the oilandwater mixture to keep your hands moist, roll scoops of batter about 2 tablespoons each into balls, handling them as gently as possible makes 8 to 12. Arrange on the baking sheet and refrigerate 20 minutes so the outsides dry slightly.nMake the soup.nTie the dill and parsley sprigs together with kitchen string. Return the chicken stock to a simmer. Add the carrot, celery, diced onion, rutabaga and herb bundle season with salt and pepper. Return to a simmer and add the matzo balls. Cover and cook over moderate heat, turning the matzo balls a few times, until they are plump and cooked through, about 25 minutes. Stir the chicken into the soup and cook until just warmed through. Remove the herb bundle and season the soup with salt and pepper.nPhotograph by David Malosh, ingredients: [2 to 3 quarts lowsodium chicken stock or broth, 1 3pound chicken, trussed, 1 14 cups matzo meal, 12 teaspoon granulated garlic, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 12 teaspoon baking soda, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 5 large eggs 3 separated, 14 cup melted chicken fat schmaltz or vegetable oil, 14 cup minced onion, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, for forming the matzo balls, 4 large sprigs dill, 4 large sprigs parsley, 1 large carrot, thinly sliced, 2 celery stalks, thinly sliced, 1 small onion, cut into 12inch dice, 14 pound rutabaga, peeled and cut into 12inch dice, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper], title: Matzo Ball Soup, picturelink: Pa.9npCb6WvZMjJ5QyYCAgudrFTn3C}, 59716: {instructions: Muddle the mint in the bottom of a cocktail shaker with the Simple Syrup. Add ice to the shaker, then add the gin, rum, triple sec and vodka and shake vigorously. Strain into 4 rocks glasses filled with ice. Top each with some lemonlime soda and garnish with a lime wedge.nCombine the sugar and 1 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring, until the sugar dissolves. Remove from the heat and let cool completely. Keep covered in the refrigerator up to 1 month., ingredients: [4 sprigs fresh mint, 2 ounces Simple Syrup, recipe follows, 2 ounces gin, 2 ounces light rum, 2 ounces triple sec, 2 ounces vodka, 8 ounces lemonlime soda, 4 lime wedges, for garnish, 1 cup sugar], title: Kitchen Sink Cocktail, picturelink: ukD730KJR7njVza9p8h9q633q1kDGsO}, 59717: {instructions: Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Butter 2 1cup souffle dishes and sprinkle with sugar.nIn a metal bowl over a pot of hot, but not simmering, water melt the chocolate, stirring until smooth. Remove bowl from heat and whisk in the egg yolks, one at a time. Whisk in the rum and butter.nIn a bowl with an electric mixer beat the egg whites with the cream of tartar and a pinch of salt until they hold stiff peaks. Stir one fourth of the whites into the chocolate mixture and then fold in remaining whites gently but thoroughly. Spoon the mixture into 2 1cup souffle dishes that have been buttered and sprinkled with sugar. Bake the souffles on a baking sheet in the middle of the preheated oven for 10 to 12 minutes, or until they are puffed., ingredients: [Unsalted butter and sugar for coating the souffle dishes, 5 ounces finequality semisweet chocolate, chopped, 2 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon dark rum, 12 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 egg whites, Pinch of cream of tartar, Pinch of salt], title: Individual Chocolate Souffles, picturelink: null}, 59718: {instructions: Place the chicken wings in a small saucepot and cover with water. Add the lemon and bay leaves, and sprinkle with salt. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, pat the remaining chicken pieces dry and sprinkle liberally with salt and pepper on both sides. Heat the EVOO in a deep skillet or wide Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the chicken, sidedown, and cook until crisp, 15 to 18 minutes. Flip the chicken and cook, partially covered with a lid or foil, until cooked through, 8 to 10 more minutes. Remove the chicken to a plate. Lower the heat a bit, then add the shallots and sugar to the skillet and season with salt and pepper. Cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Deglaze the pan with the wine, scraping up the browned bits from the bottom, and cook until reduced by half, 2 to 3 minutes.nStrain the poaching liquid and add 1 cup of it to the skillet. Add the peas, carrots and herbs, then stir in the butter and season with a little more salt and pepper. Bring to a simmer and cook until the peas and carrots are tender, 6 to 7 minutes. If you are not serving the stew immediately, stop after you add the carrots and peas do not simmer them. Arrange the chicken on top and cover. Cool and store in the refrigerator. To serve, removed the chicken to a broiler pan and crisp up under the broiler. Simmer the stew until the peas and carrots are tender, 6 to 7 minutes. Return the chicken to the stew.nLadle the stew into shallow bowls and top with the chicken. Serve with warm buttered baguette.nCooks Note: You can use storebought chicken stock instead of the poaching liquid if you want to skip that step., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, cut up into 8 pieces, Handful fresh flatleaf parsley, finely chopped, 2 to 3 slices lemon, 2 bay leaves, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 6 large shallots, sliced, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1 cup dry white wine, 3 cups shelled fresh peas or defrosted frozen organic peas, 1 large bunch spring carrots 34 to 1 pound, thinly sliced on an angle, 3 tablespoons butter, plus more for the bread, Handful fresh dill, chopped, Baguette, for serving], title: Spring Chicken with Carrots and Peas, picturelink: ZpYTMVCspTSqheyhNMOBBav8fRch8Ba}, 59719: {instructions: Place rack in center of oven and heat to 325 degrees.nLightly brush a 9 by 12 12inch baking pan with canola oil, dust with flour and tap to remove excess. Set aside. In a medium bowl, sift together 1 12 cups flour, granulated sugar, baking powder, and salt set aside. In a second bowl, whisk together egg, milk, canola oil, and vanilla. Using a rubber spatula, fold dry ingredients into egg mixture until just combined.nSpread batter evenly into prepared pan, and set aside. In a medium bowl, combine remaining 2 12 cups flour, brown sugar, and cinnamon. Pour melted butter over flour mixture and toss with a rubber spatula until large crumbs form.nSprinkle crumbs over batter and bake, rotating pan after 10 minutes. Continue baking until a cake tester comes out clean, about 10 minutes more.nTransfer baking pan to a wire rack to cool. Dust with confectioners sugar. Using a serrated knife or bench scraper, cut into 3inch squares. Store in an airtight container up to 3 days., ingredients: [2 tablespoons canola oil, plus more for pan, 4 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting pan, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 12 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 large egg, 12 cup milk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 1 cup light brown sugar, firmly packed, 1 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, melted and cooled, Confectioners sugar, for dusting], title: New York Crumb Cake, picturelink: null}, 59720: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 475 degrees F.nCombine the onions, flour, panko and salt in a large mixing bowl and toss to combine. Coat a sheet pan with nonstick cooking spray and evenly spread the onions on the pan. Place the pan on the middle rack of the oven and bake until golden brown, approximately 30 minutes. Toss the onions 2 to 3 times during cooking. Once done, remove from the oven and set aside until ready to use. Turn the oven down to 400 degrees F.nWhile the onions are cooking, prepare the beans. Bring a gallon of water and 2 tablespoons of salt to a boil in an 8quart saucepan. Add the beans and blanch for 5 minutes. Drain in a colander and immediately plunge the beans into a large bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Drain and set aside.nMelt the butter in a 12inch cast iron skillet set over mediumhigh heat. Add the mushrooms, 1 teaspoon salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms begin to give up some of their liquid, approximately 4 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and nutmeg and continue to cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle the flour over the mixture and stir to combine. Cook for 1 minute. Add the broth and simmer for 1 minute. Decrease the heat to mediumlow and add the halfandhalf. Cook until the mixture thickens, stirring occasionally, approximately 6 to 8 minutes.nRemove from the heat and stir in 14 of the onions and all of the green beans. Top with the remaining onions. Place into the oven and bake until bubbly, approximately 15 minutes. Remove and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 medium onions, thinly sliced, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons panko bread crumbs, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided, 1 pound fresh green beans, rinsed, trimmed and halved, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 ounces mushrooms, trimmed and cut into 12inch pieces, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 14 teaspoon freshly ground nutmeg, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 cup chicken broth, 1 cup halfandhalf], title: Best Ever Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: W0VHqR..pj0BgV6QUxCKISeQ70ac8Ye}, 59721: {instructions: In large saute pan, heat fish bones, fish stock, and wine. Add fillets and gently bring to a boil. Reduce heat to simmer and cover. Cook about 6 minutes or until done. Remove from pan to a plate, and cover with buttered paper to keep warm. Reserve poaching liquid.nThe quenelles: Meanwhile, in another pot, bring to boil the cold water with a pinch of salt. Stir in 14 cup of the butter, just to melt. Remove from heat and stir in flour. Beat thoroughly with a wooden spoon until the mixture begins to pull away from the sides of the pot. Let cool. Add egg and whites and mix well. Season ground sole with salt and white pepper. Add to pot with flouregg mixture. Beat well. Gradually add 14 cup of cream. Place quenelle mixture in a pastry bag with a 1inch plain nozzle or use teaspoons see below.nAdd the apple slices, Calvados, and curry powder to the sole poaching liquid. Simmer over low heat. Add remaining 1 cup of the cream. Bring to a boil and reduce to a fast simmer. Pipe quenelle mixture directly into the poaching liquid pot or use 2 spoons to mold the mixture into oval shapes. Add the shrimp. Stir gently and poach for 3 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons beurre manie to thicken. Cook for another minute to lose any floury taste.nTo serve, cover fillets with the quenelles and some sauce.nCombine flour and butter on a clean surface. Knead together well. This makes more than youll need for the Sole., ingredients: [Bones from sole, 1 cup fish stock, 1 cup dry white wine, 12 fillets of sole, totaling 1 34 pounds, rinsed, plus 1 more pound fillets, ground smooth for quenelles, 1 cup cold water, 12 cup unsalted butter, 1 12 cups flour, sifted, 1 egg and 2 egg whites, beaten together, Freshly ground salt, Freshly ground pepper, 1 14 cup heavy whipping cream, 12 Granny Smith apple, peeled and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons Calvados, 12 teaspoon curry powder, 12 medium shrimp, shelled and deveined, 2 tablespoons or more beurre manie, recipe follows, 14 cup soft butter unsalted, 12 cup flour], title: Fillet Van Zeetong, picturelink: null}, 59722: {instructions: Special equipment: Plastic goal posts, available a specialty baking storesnFor the cake: Position a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F. Butter and line the bottom of 9 by 13inch cake pan with parchment paper, overlapping on 2 sides to create flaps.nPut chopped the chocolate in a bowl. Heat cola just to a simmer over low heat and pour over chocolate. Let stand for 5 minutes stir until smooth.nWhisk together the flour, cocoa powder, baking soda and salt in a medium bowl.nIn another large bowl, beat the eggs and sugar with an electric mixer on medium speed until slightly thickened and pale, about 3 minutes. Gradually add the oil, buttermilk, vanilla, and melted chocolate mixture to eggs. Beat on low until combined well, but not aerated. Add the flour mixture and continue to beat until just combined. Stir lightly with a rubber spatula to remove any pockets of flour. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake until the cake springs back lightly when touched, and a tester inserted in center comes out clean, about 40 minutes.nCool cake completely in the pan on a rack. Run a knife around edge of the pan and invert cake onto a rack. Carefully remove parchment paper and cool completely. The cake may be made in advance, tightly wrapped and kept at room temperature for up to 2 days.nWhisk the flour and salt in a medium bowl.nBeat the butter and sugar in another medium bowl with an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed until light and fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla mixing until fully incorporated. Slowly add the flour mixture, and continue beating just until the dough comes together, stopping and scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed.nDivide dough in half, pat into disks, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate until firm, at least 4 hours and up to overnight.nGenerously flour a clean work surface. Tip: for a nice, even layer of flour, sift flour over work station. Roll chilled dough about 14inch thick. Cut into desired shape using a cookie cutter, working quickly enough that the dough stays chilled. If dough gets warm and soft, put it in refrigerator on a lined baking sheet to chill, about 30 minutes. Transfer cut cookies to ungreased baking sheets, leaving about 1inch between cookies. Lightly dust off excess flour with a dry pastry brush. Refrigerate the formed cookies for at least 30 minutes. Excess dough can be gathered together, pressed into a disk, chilled and rerolled.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Bake the cookies, until the bottoms and sides are barely golden, about 12 to 15 minutes depending on shape. Cool on the baking sheets until firm enough to transfer to a rack to cool. Decorate as desired and serve. Store in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 1 week., ingredients: [3 ounces semisweet or bitter sweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup flat cola, 2 cup allpurpose flour, 1 cup unsweetened natural cocoa powder not Dutch processed, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 3 large eggs, 2 cups sugar, 34 cups vegetable oil, 1 cup buttermilk, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 14 cups sugar, 9 large egg whites, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice or 12 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pinch fine salt, 1 14 pounds 5 sticks unsalted butter, room temperature, cut into small pieces, 12 cup natural cocoa powder, 2 ounces semisweet or bittersweet chocolate, melted, Football Sugar Cookies, homemade or store bought, recipe follows, 2 12 cups allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon fine salt, 1 cup 2 sticks unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoons pure vanilla extract], title: Game Day Chocolate Cake, picturelink: qaIGbMsSdQy4eVkETTZc2b2eo7h1ka}, 59723: {instructions: Adjust an oven rack to the middle position and preheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nToss together the oats, millet, almonds, coconut flakes, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds and sesame seeds in a large bowl.nWhisk together the olive oil, brown sugar, maple syrup, vanilla and 34 teaspoon salt together in a small bowl.nPour the olive oil mixture into the oat mixture and toss until evenly coated. Spread out on a rimmed baking sheet and bake until golden and toasted, tossing the mixture around about halfway through, 30 to 40 minutes. Let cool completely on the baking sheet, then store at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [3 12 cups rolled oats, 1 12 cups puffed millet, 1 cup sliced skinon almonds, 13 cup unsweetened coconut flakes, 13 cup roasted unsalted pumpkin seeds, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 14 cup light brown sugar, 14 cup pure maple syrup, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, Kosher salt], title: Healthy Granola, picturelink: r6QaXn2OWzB0D7bHnEB9zr.KtcAJwm}, 59724: {instructions: Mix the zaatar and olive oil in a bowl and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F and lay a baking tray in the oven to heat.nCut the Lebanese Pita Dough into 12 pieces. Roll out the dough to 14 inch thick. Pinch the edges around the dough to form higher edges. Take a fork and pierce the dough all over, releasing any air pockets. Spread 1 to 2 tablespoons zaatar make sure you mix before using over each pita dough. Place 3 to 4 pitas on the hot baking tray in the oven and close the door immediately, making sure to not overcrowd the baking tray or oven. Bake until golden on the bottom and a little golden on the top, about 5 minutes. Serve with labneh, tomatoes and black olives rolled inside. The perfect Lebanese breakfastnSift the flour, yeast, salt, and sugar together. Make a well in the middle of the dry mixture. Pour in the lukewarm water. Mix by hand on a floured work surface until the dough comes together. Then knead the dough for 10 to 15 minutes until smooth and the dough bounces back when you push into it. Drizzle the dough with olive oil and place in a warm spot covered with a damp towel. Let rise until the dough doubles in size, depending on the temperature, it could take 30 minutes to 1 12 hours., ingredients: [1 cup zaatar Middle Eastern spice mix consisting of dried oregano, thyme, sumac, sesame seeds and salt, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Lebanese Pita Dough, recipe follows, Labneh strained yogurt, Fresh tomatoes, sliced, Black olives, 3 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 14 ounce 7g package active dry yeast, 1 14 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon granulated sugar, 1 12 cups lukewarm water, Olive oil, for drizzling], title: Zaatar Pita Bread, picturelink: null}, 59725: {instructions: Preheat a grill to medium high. Mix the yogurt, garlic, parsley and oregano in a bowl. In a separate bowl, toss the chicken with 14 cup of the yogurt mixture, 12 teaspoon salt, and pepper to taste. Stir the olive oil into the remaining yogurt mixture and set aside.nBrush the cut sides of the eggplant with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and the smoked paprika. Brush the bread with olive oil.nBrush the grill grates with olive oil. Grill the chicken, turning once, until cooked through and a thermometer inserted into the thickest part registers 160 degrees F, 15 to 20 minutes. Meanwhile, grill the eggplant, skinside down, until softened, about 15 minutes turn and continue cooking until tender, about 5 more minutes. Grill the tomatoes and bread, turning once, until marked, 2 to 3 minutes.nServe the chicken, eggplant, tomatoes and bread with the yogurt sauce.nPer serving: Calories 545 Fat 18 g Saturated 4 g Cholesterol 98 mg Sodium 795 mg Carbohydrate 47 g Fiber 6 g Protein 47 gnPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 14 cups nonfat plain Greek yogurt, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, 1 12 teaspoons dried oregano, 8 bonein chicken thighs, skin removed, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, plus more for brushing, 1 large eggplant, quartered lengthwise, 1 teaspoon smoked paprika, 8 baguette slices, 3 medium tomatoes, quartered], title: Mediterranean Mixed Grill, picturelink: moJUPVNF4LKTxE6Odq41mramNhR1C}, 59726: {instructions: Butter the sides of an 8inch springform pan. Cut a 26by7inch piece of parchment paper and press the parchment strip around the inside of the pan so it extends above the rim this will hold the cake in place as you build it up. Lock the springform ring to secure the paper to the base of the pan.nPulse the graham crackers in a food processor until finely ground. Add the melted butter and pulse until combined. Press the mixture into the bottom of the prepared pan and freeze until firm, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, cut the carton of mango ice cream in half with a serrated knife. Return one half to the freezer and let the other half sit at room temperature, 5 minutes. Transfer to a stand mixer and beat with the paddle attachment on medium speed until smooth and spreadable but not melted. Spread the mango ice cream evenly onto the crust with a small offset spatula. Freeze until firm, 30 minutes to 1 hour.nRepeat Step 3 with the black raspberry ice cream half the carton and freeze. Rinse out the mixer bowl between each flavor. When firm, repeat with strawberry ice cream. When firm, beat all of the vanilla ice cream and spread on top freeze.nRepeat the layers with the remaining mango, black raspberry and strawberry ice cream, making sure each layer is firm before adding the next. Freeze the cake until completely firm, at least 1 hour.nRemove the springform ring and parchment. Beat the heavy cream with the confectioners sugar in a large bowl with a mixer until stiff peaks form. Spread on top of the cake and return to the freezer until firm, about 10 minutes.nTo make the ice cream easier to spread, we beat it in a stand mixer. If you dont have a mixer, just let the ice cream soften at room temperature.nPhotograph by Ryan Dausch, ingredients: [4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the pan, 10 graham cracker sheets, broken in half, 1 1 12quart carton mango ice cream, 1 1 12quart carton black raspberry ice cream, 1 1 12quart carton strawberry ice cream, 12 1 12quart carton vanilla ice cream, 1 12 cups heavy cream, 1 to 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar], title: MileHigh Ice Cream Cake, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 59727: {}, 59728: {instructions: In a heavy 2quart saucepan over medium heat, bring the heavy cream and oyster liquor from the oysters to a simmer. Remove from the heat.nMeanwhile, in a large saute pan over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the celery and a pinch of the salt and sweat for 3 to 4 minutes. Add the onion and continue cooking until translucent, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add celery seed, hot pepper sauce, and oysters and cook for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the edges of the oysters start to curl.nTransfer the oysters to the carafe of a blender and add enough of the cream just to cover.nPuree until the mixture is smooth. Return the remaining cream to medium heat, add the pureed mixture, and cook until heated through.nJust before serving, add the lemon juice, chopped herbs, and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [4 cups heavy cream, 1 pint oysters and liquor, separated, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 12 cup finely chopped celery, 12 cup finely chopped onion, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 1 12 teaspoons hot pepper sauce, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 tablespoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, chervil, or chives, Salt and pepper], title: Oyster Soup, picturelink: null}, 59729: {instructions: Mix flour, baking powder, and salt together in a large bowl. Slowly add in the water, a little at a time, using a fork to blend until the mixture forms into dough. Knead the dough until all the lumps are gone about 5 minutes. Cover with plastic wrap and let the dough rest about 1 hour.nMeanwhile, melt the lard in a Dutch oven over high heat. When it just begins to smoke, drop a small piece of dough into the oil. If it quickly rises to the top, the oil is hot enough to begin frying.nTake a piece of dough and roll it into a golf ballsized ball. Stretch the dough into a disklike shape as you would a pizza dough. When you have a piece ready to go, carefully place the dough into the oil and let it brown on 1 side about 1 12 minutes and then turn it over to brown the other side for another 1 12 minutes. Remove the fry bread from the oil and let it drain on paper towels until cool. Enjoy fry bread by sprinkling it with chili, honey, or powdered sugar., ingredients: [4 cups allpurpose flour, 14 cup baking powder, 1 tablespoon salt, 3 cups water, 5 pounds lard, Chili powder, honey or powdered sugar, for garnish], title: Apache Fry Bread, picturelink: cod.ts9b6m96pXvl7gOhLE.E9HjmpL.}, 59730: {instructions: Put the chicken in a large stock pot. Cover it with water. Add 2 celery ribs which have been roughly cut. Add the carrots which have also been roughly cut. Add the cut onion, salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Bring to a boil and cover. Reduce heat and simmer for 45 minutes. Remove the chicken and allow to cool. With a hand blender, puree the vegetables in the stock. Strain stock through a strainer into another stock pot to remove any bits. Add the box of stock to the new stock and put aside for later.nIn a medium bowl, beat the eggs. Add the stock and oil mixture and beat. Add the salt and pepper. Add the matzo meal and blend. Allow to sit on the counter for 20 to 25 minutes.nRemove the chicken from the bones and dice into small pieces. Put aside with the rest of the diced celery and diced carrots.nBring the stock to a rapid boil. With a tablespoon, scoop matzo ball mixture into the boiling water 1 tablespoon at a time. If you want to roll it in a ball, oil your hands first to prevent the mixture from attaching to your hands. The balls will pop to the top of the stock. Add the chicken and vegetables and cover. Simmer for 10 minutes. Add the noodles and cover for another 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [3 large legthigh chicken quarters, 10 cups water, 4 ribs celery, 2 cut large and 2 diced, 6 peeled carrots, 3 cut large and 3 diced, 1 large Spanish onion, cut in half and each half in thirds, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, or to taste, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon granulated garlic powder, 4 cups chicken stock 1 box plus more for canola oil, 4 extralarge eggs, 13 cup canola oil with enough chicken stock to bring it to a total of 12 cup liquid, 34 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon pepper, 1 cup matzo meal, 12 pound thin kosher egg noodles], title: Ritas Family Matzo Ball Noodle Soup, picturelink: null}, 59731: {instructions: Mix 14 cup each mayonnaise, grated cheddar, canned chopped green chiles and chopped scallions.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: ChileCheese Mayo, picturelink: ygDbqvtbrCAMzolgyzmNatz5IZ1IKqi}, 59732: {instructions: Special equipment: 2inch cookie cutter shapes or roundsnPlace a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSlice the pound cake into 12inch slices, and use the cookie cutters to cut out a shape in each slice. Place the pound cake shapes onto a sheet pan and toast in the oven until lightly golden, about 5 minutes. Transfer the shapes to a rack and cool for 20 minutes.nIn the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, combine the cream and sugar and beat until soft peaks form, about 2 minutes. Gently fold the strawberries into the whipped cream.nTo assemble, spoon 2 tablespoons of the cream onto one of the cutouts. Sprinkle with mini chips and top with another cutout., ingredients: [1 storebought loaf pound cake, 1 cup heavy whipping cream, 3 tablespoons powdered sugar, 12 cup diced strawberries, 2 tablespoons mini chocolate chips], title: Pound Cake CutOut Sandwiches with Strawberry Whipped Cream, picturelink: yFFWT8wDAvBRFOgpRAoRB9ibZM2avX6}, 59733: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nPlace extravirgin olive oil, garlic, chili powder and grill seasoning in the bottom of a large bowl and add the broccoli spears. Toss to coat broccoli evenly then transfer to a large nonstick baking sheet. Roast the broccoli until ends are crisp and brown and stalks are tender, 17 to 20 minutes., ingredients: [14 cup extra virgin olive oil, eyeball it, 5 to 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 1 tablespoon grill seasoning blend recommended:Montreal Steak Seasoning by McCormick Grill Mates, 1 large head broccoli, cut into thin, long spears], title: ChiliGarlic Roasted Broccoli, picturelink: 6Qgb.npPiHKNk1jJIu1HICOw0x0u1dC}, 59734: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Combine the honey, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and paprika in a small bowl. Set half of the mixture aside.nSeason the interior cavities of the chickens with some salt and pepper, and stuff each with 1 juiced lemon half, 2 sprigs of rosemary and half a head of garlic. Put the chickens on a rimmed baking sheet or roasting pan, brush them with half of the honey mixture and roast for 30 minutes.nRemove the chickens from the oven and reduce the temperature to 325u00ba degrees F. Brush the chickens with most of the remaining honey mixture and return them to the oven, making sure to rotate the pan. Cook for another 30 minutes, brush them with the remaining honey mixture, and cook until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the thigh reaches 165 degrees F, about 15 minutes more. Rest the chickens 10 minutes, carve, and serve., ingredients: [12 cup honey, 1 lemon, halved and juiced, juiced halves reserved, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 1 tablespoon hot smoked paprika, Two 3pound chickens, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 large sprigs rosemary, 1 head garlic, halved], title: Lacquered Chicken, picturelink: 9ENX4eq3pTaAO8tSOs.M5CS2eb91fxu}, 59735: {instructions: Place all ingredients for the rub in a spice mill. Process until a fine powder, stopping to shake several times for evenness., ingredients: [Scant tablespoon star anise pieces, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 8 black peppercorns, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Star Anise Rub, picturelink: null}, 59736: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the rice and cook, stirring, until slightly toasted and golden, about 1 12 minutes. Stir in the water and salt, bring to a boil, cover, reduce the heat to medium low and cook for 18 minutes. Then let the rice rest off the heat for 5 minutesu00bfplease dont lift the lid to give a peek or stir, or the rice will not cook evenly. Put the rice in a large serving bowl, fluff and separate the grains with a fork. Add lemon zest andor thyme, if desired, and serve., ingredients: [2 teaspoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 12 cups longgrain rice, not converted, 2 14 cups water, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 2 teaspoons lemon zest, optional, 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, optional], title: PilafStyle Rice, picturelink: .fMDutNVyELtooDLH5aV6X6DLCvMCq}, 59737: {}, 59738: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut top from each head of garlic, exposing the cloves. Place heads of garlic cut side up, on a piece of heavy duty aluminum foil. Pour olive oil over them, and top with thyme springs. Season with salt and pepper. Wrap the foil tightly. Place in a small ovenproof pan, and bake until the cloves begin to pop out, about 1 hour. Remove from the oven and cool.nTo remove the cloves, open the foil and squeeze the lower part of the head of garlic. In a small bowl, mash the cloves to form a paste. At this point the paste can be used or stored in the refrigerator or freezer.nAdd butter and chopped thyme to the bowl, stirring to combine. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.nToast both sides of the bread, using a hot grill, grill pan, or broiler. Spread the roasted garlic butter paste onto the toasted bread. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 heads garlic, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 sprigs thyme, plus 1 tablespoon finely chopped, Grey salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 tablespoons unsalted butter 1 stick, at room temperature, 1 loaf of good, crusty bread, cut into slices], title: Roasted Garlic Bread, picturelink: kEZJ37XzJ4k8hQDlCN6vAkGcnsCyRky}, 59739: {instructions: For the ganache: Put the semisweet and bittersweet chocolate in a heatsafe bowl. Heat the cream until very hot in a saucepan and pour over the chocolate. Stir until melted and combined. Let cool.nFor the milkshake: Put the milk, vanilla and chocolate ice cream and 1 cup of the ganache in a blender and blend until combined.nTo assemble: Spoon some ganache into large mason jars and spread on the sides. Spread some ganache around the rim of the jars. Dip the rims in sprinkles, chocolate chips, marshmallows andor candies, or press on pretzels. Add a scoop of ice cream to each glass and pour in the blended milkshake. Squirt whipped cream onto the top of each glass and add pieces of the bars or brownies. Now go crazy and decorate the top with more whipped cream, ice cream, candies, etc. Drizzle with caramel or strawberry sauce and top with a cherry.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9inch square baking pan with aluminum foil and spray with nonstick spray.nMix together the flour, oats, brown sugar, baking powder and salt in a bowl. Cut in the butter with a pastry cutter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle the mixture into the prepared pan and pat lightly to pack it slightly.nBake until light golden brown on top and done in the middle, watching to make sure it doesnt burn, 30 to 35 minutes. Allow to cool for 15 minutes.nSpoon the dulce de leche into a microwavesafe bowl and microwave to just slightly soften it, about 45 seconds. Scoop it on top of the oatmeal base and use an offset spatula to spread it out to the edges and into an even layer. Sprinkle on a layer of peanuts so that they completely cover the caramel and use your hands to gently press them into the caramel. Sprinkle on the butterscotch chips and mini chocolate chips in generous layers.nNote: The warmth of the cookie base and caramel should slightly soften the butterscotch and chocolate chips. When that happens, use your hands to very gently press the chips just enough to anchor them together but not enough to misshape them. If the pan isnt warm enough, pop it into the oven for 30 seconds or so and gently press the chips to anchor them together.nChill the bars for 2 to 3 hours to make them easy to slice. Remove them from the pan, place on a cutting board and use a long serrated knife to cut into small squares theyre rich. Serve cold or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 cup chopped semisweet chocolate, 1 cup chopped bittersweet chocolate, 1 cup heavy cream, 34 cup whole milk, 8 scoops vanilla ice cream, 8 scoops chocolate ice cream, Various sprinkles, chocolate chips, marshmallows, candies and pretzel pieces, for decorating, Scoops of vanilla and chocolate ice cream, for serving, Whipped cream in cans, for topping, Chocolate Butterscotch Caramel Bars or storebought caramel brownies, broken into pieces, recipe follows, Caramel and strawberry sauces, for drizzling, Cherries, for topping, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the pan, 1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 12 cups regular or quick oats, 1 cup packed brown sugar, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 14 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 34 sticks 14 tablespoons cold salted butter, cut into pieces, Two 13.5ounce cans dulce de leche I used Nestle La Lechera, About 1 cup Spanish peanuts, About 1 cup butterscotch chips, About 1 cup mini chocolate chips], title: Crazy Chocolate Shakes, picturelink: fbd2RREzNptFSTegnwF03goFn55vaC}, 59740: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 450 degrees F. Grease a large baking dish with butter and add the broccoli and cauliflower. Roast until slightly browned, about 15 minutes.nIn a medium saucepan, melt the butter, whisk in the flour and let it cook over medium heat for 3 minutes. Turn the heat off, whisk in the halfandhalf, then turn the heat up to high and keep whisking to avoid the flour from clumping. Add the Cheddar, salt and pepper and whisk until the cheese is melted.nRemove the broccoli and cauliflower from the oven and pour the Cheddar mixture over the top. Sprinkle evenly with the breadcrumbs and bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes., ingredients: [12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, plus extra at room temperature for greasing the baking dish, 1 head broccoli, cut into florets, 1 head cauliflower, cut into florets, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 2 cups halfandhalf, 2 cups shredded sharp white Cheddar, divided, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup dry breadcrumbs], title: Broccoli and Cauliflower Gratin, picturelink: FldGMcIN71m5jDmIErAqbkY.lQH05tG}, 59741: {instructions: In a medium saucepan, combine carrot juice, 14 cup wine, lemon juice, shallot, and salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat just enough to maintain a steady boil and cook until slightly thickened and reduced to about 12 cup. It should be the consistency of pulpy orange juice, 20 to 30 minutes.nReduce heat and very gently simmer carrot reduction. Whisk in butter 1 piece at a time, waiting until each piece is melted and incorporated before adding another. The sauce should be thickened enough to lightly coat the back of a spoon. Return the sauce to a simmer, whisking constantly. Drop in and submerge the bundle of marjoram and remove from the heat. Let marjoram infuse sauce while cooking the scallops.nHeat oven to 175 degrees F.nTurn off the oven and put in a platter to warm. If the scallops have a small, loosely attached, rectangular piece of white muscle on their sides, pull it off and discard it. Pat the scallops dry with paper towels and season all sides lightly with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large heavybottomed saute pan over high heat until it is very hot and smoking. Using tongs, carefully place the scallops flat side down in the pan. Let the scallops cook undisturbed until they are golden brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Turn and cook until the other side is browned, 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer scallops to warmed platter. Reduce heat to medium and pour in remaining 14 cup wine. Scrape up browned bits, then add liquid to carrot mixture.nRemove marjoram bundle from carrot sauce, squeeze it dry, and discard. Reheat sauce over medium heat, whisking constantly. Taste and adjust seasoning. For a very smooth texture, pass sauce through a very fine strainer. If there is a problem with sauce separating or butter coming to surface in droplets, blend it with an immersion blender for a few seconds. Divide scallops among warmed dinner plates and pour carrot sauce around them., ingredients: [2 cups carrot juice, 12 cup dry white wine or dry vermouth, 3 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 medium shallot, finely chopped, 14 teaspoon salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick chilled unsalted butter, cut into 8 pieces, 8 3inch sprigs fresh marjoram, tied together with kitchen twine, 1 12 pounds large sea scallops about 12, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons vegetable or olive oil], title: Sea Scallops with CarrotMarjoram Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59742: {instructions: Wash and dry the watercress and lettuce. Cut lettuce into bite size pieces and arrange on 4 salad plates. Place watercress on top of lettuce in the center of the plate. Cut the avocados in half and slice 4 12inch thick slices. Fan over the watercress. Whisk vinegar, olive oil, and lemon pepper together. Drizzle mixture evenly over the salad and serve., ingredients: [1 bunch watercress, 2 bunches red leaf lettuce, 3 avocados, 14 cup white vinegar, 1 14 cups olive oil, 1 tablespoon lemon pepper], title: Avocado Salad, picturelink: null}, 59743: {instructions: Over medium heat boil yuca in salted water until tender, approximately 20 minutes. Make sure not to overcook. Drain yuca and remove the stringy center portion. In a small skillet cook scallions and garlic in 1 tablespoon olive oil until fragrant, approximately 3 minutes then set aside to cool.nIn a food processor place eggs, parsley, baking powder and sauteed scallion and garlic mixture. Puree until smooth then season to taste with salt and pepper. Allow it to cool then add the yuca and puree all together. In a small skillet heat 2 tablespoons oil and saute red onion, vinegar and oregano for 5 minutes until soft. Season to taste with salt and pepper and set aside to cool.nBring the yuca mixture to room temperature. In a heavy bottom skillet heat 2 to 3 inches of oil to 375 degrees. Shape batter in an ice cream scooper and fry the fritter until golden. Place fritters on towel. Season with salt and pepper.nArrange fritters on a serving platter and top each fritter with a little pickled red onion on top., ingredients: [I pound fresh yuca, peeled and diced into large pieces, 12 cup scallion, chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely minced, 3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 2 large eggs, lightly beaten, 1 tablespoon parsley, chopped, 14 teaspoon baking powder, 1 red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 1 teaspoon dry Mexican oregano], title: Yuca Fritters with Pickled Red Onions, picturelink: null}, 59744: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 damp clean hand or kitchen towel Wood chopsticksnShell and devein shrimp, and put into food processor. Add minced meat, finely chopped scallions, finely chopped red pepper, finely chopped mushrooms, grated ginger, chopped water chestnuts, shredded cabbage, sherry, vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, salt, curry powder, molasses, chili powder and process slowly only until shrimp is coarsely chopped in the food processor and watching closely not to over process shrimp. In a wok, or heated saute pan, add tablespoon of oil and saute mixture until 34 cooked, on high heat about 3 to 4 minutes, tossing mixture around in pan constantly.nPrepare work area. Clean a surface and place bowl of water with cornflour mixed in, damp towel, spring roll wrappers, and partially cooked turkey mixture in work area. Start wrapping spring rolls by placing one wrapper at a time down on flat surface in at a diamond angle to you. Fill about 2 tablespoons of mixture starting a little above the bottom point of the wrapper. Dip fingers in the water bowl and moisten the top and sides of the wrapper. Start at the bottom tip and fold wrapper over turkey mix, rolling the mix into the wrapper half way. Then fold sides inward and continue rolling, sealing with more water if necessary on top. Continue to fold one at a time, keeping the finished ones moist under the moist clean towel the towel should not be dripping wet, just moist to the touch.nTime to Fry In a deep frying pot, fill halfway with corn or vegetable oil. Heat until when wood chopsticks are placed in to touch the bottom, there are fast streams of bubbles streaming to the top yes, thats the way my mother taught me. Very important: before placing spring rolls in oil, make sure they are dry on the outside if your towel was too damp, you must dry off the rolls in paper towel first, otherwise the oil will pop. Place spring rolls in a few at a time making sure to keep them separated while frying. If the oil is too hot, the outside will cook too quickly, leaving the inside undercooked  adjust the temperature so that each spring roll takes about 5 to 7 minutes each to cook through and are golden brown. Drain and serve immediately.nExcellent when served with your favorite dipping sauce. Try a sweeter sauce with spring rolls such as a plum or duck sauce., ingredients: [1 pound shrimp, 1 pound minced turkey or minced pork, 8 scallions, 1 red pepper, 4 ounces Chinese mushrooms, soaked in water 20 minutes, 1 small piece ginger, 8ounce can water chestnuts, 12 Chinese medium sized cabbage, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, 34 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, or to taste, 2 teaspoons molasses, 12 teaspoon chili powder, or Chinese chili paste optional, 1 tablespoon oil, Oil, for deep frying, 100 spring roll wrappers, 2 tablespoons cornflour, 1 bowl of water, half full, 1 damp clean hand or kitchen towel], title: Sweet and Sour Curry Spring Rolls, picturelink: null}, 59745: {instructions: Set up a steamer, fill the bottom with water and bring to a boil. If the asparagus are very thick, peel them. Start about 2inch down from the tip of the stalk and peel. It is not necessary to peel thin asparagus. Cut the asparagus to fit into your steamer basket. Cover and steam until the asparagus are bright green and tender, but still somewhat crisp, about 6 to 8 minutes for thick asparagus and 3 to 5 minutes for thin asparagus. Remove from the steamer and season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Steamed Asparagus, picturelink: gvFqCvKquOz4psP7RcwxOpOXLTp76ya}, 59746: {instructions: Mix the mascarpone with 1 tablespoon of the capers, 1 tablespoon of the chives, and the lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper.nLay the salmon slices out on a cutting board so that they are all arranged with a short side facing you, with plenty of space above and below each slice. If necessary, fill and roll the slices in batches.nPut a spoonful of the mascarpone mixture on the narrow end of 1 slice. Lay 2 arugula leaves, fanned slightly apart, across the mascarpone, so that the tips of the leaves will project several inches from one end of the roll, and roll up the salmon. Stand the roll upright, the arugula leaves pointing upward, on a platter large enough to hold all 24 rolls. Repeat the process with the remaining slices. Cover and refrigerate until serving.nRemove from the refrigerator, sprinkle with the remaining 1 tablespoon each capers and chives, and serve., ingredients: [5 ounces mascarpone about 23 cup, 2 tablespoons small brined capers, rinsed, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 34 pound smoked salmon, cut into 24 thin slices, 2 to 3 inches on the short side presliced salmon is fine, 48 small tender arugula leaves], title: Smoked Salmon Rolls with Arugula, Mascarpone, Chives, and Capers, picturelink: null}, 59747: {instructions: In large bowl combine all the ingredients except the toppings and crust. Blend with a hand mixer. Gently fold in whipped topping pour into prepared crust and freeze for 2 hours. Once frozen, drizzle with ice cream topping and refreeze for 20 minutes.nThaw slightly before serving and cut into thin slices because this is a rich pie., ingredients: [12 cup peanut butter, 1 cup powdered sugar, 14 cup milk, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 8ounce package cream cheese, 1 8ounce tub whipped topping, Ice cream topping recommended: Magic Shell, 1 cookie pie crust recommended: Oreo], title: Peanut Butter Pie, picturelink: bT9HDCJ6m8OqPJb8Xldi9d2IzGJ7gt6}, 59748: {instructions: In a medium bowl, combine corn, pimento, green chiles, and cumin. Mix well and season to taste with salt and black pepper. Garnish with fresh parsley., ingredients: [2 cups frozen or canned corn, thawed andor drained, 4 ounces canned pimento, diced, 1 4ounce can diced green chiles, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Salt and ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon chopped parsley leaves], title: CornPimento Salad, picturelink: null}, 59749: {instructions: Divide the shrimp between two 8 or 9inch pie pans and pat them completely dry with a paper towel. Arrange the shrimp so they lay flat and are evenly spaced in the pans.nHeat 2 large skillets over medium heat. Season the shrimp with salt and pepper add a teaspoon of butter to each pan and turn the heat to high. When the foam subsides, invert a pie pan of shrimp over the skillet so they fall into the pan all at once. Repeat with the other pan of shrimp. Cook the shrimp, undisturbed, until they turn golden brown on the bottom, about 2 minutes. Add a remaining teaspoon of butter to each pan and turn off the heat. Turn the shrimp over with tongs and cook for 1 minute in the residual heat of the pans. Add half the ginger, lime juice and zest, mint, and basil to each pan, and shake to combine.nDivide the shrimp among 4 plates or a serving platter and serve hot or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 pounds large shrimp, shelled, deveined, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 teaspoons unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 1 12 teaspoons finely grated peeled fresh ginger, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 12 teaspoon grated lime zest, 10 mint leaves, julienned, 10 basil leaves, julienned], title: GingerLime Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 59750: {instructions: SLICE and lay the croissants open. Cover each croissant bottom with slices of brie to cover. Spread with 12 tablespoon preserves, sprinkle with 12 tablespoon chopped glazed pecans and 12 teaspoon brown sugar. Cover with top of croissant.nHEAT large skillet over medium heat. Spray sandwiches with nostick cooking spray. Place sandwiches, sprayed side down, in heated skillet. Cover skillet and brown sandwiches 4 to 5 minutes or until golden brown. Spray tops of sandwiches before turning to brown second side.nREMOVE sandwiches from skillet. Allow to rest covered, about 3 minutes. Cut diagonally, sprinkle with cinnamon sugar, if desired, and serve warm.nGlazed pecans can be found in the nut section of your grocers snack aisle., ingredients: [6 small croissants, 5 ounces wedge of brie, rind removed, cut into 14inch slices, 3 tablespoons Smuckersu00ae Apricot Preserves, 3 tablespoons glazed pecans, chopped, 3 teaspoons dark brown sugar, Criscou00ae Butter Flavor NoStick Cooking Spray, Cinnamon sugar, if desired], title: Melted Brie and Apricot Petite Croissants, picturelink: 6zCUw2S.e0CPhp9r2lgdNBc1R4CmvO}, 59751: {instructions: Remove the tops from the peppers and cut them in half lengthwise. Clean out the seeds and ribs, give them a rough chop, and put them into a small saucepan. Roughly chop the onion and garlic and add it to the pan. Pour in the vinegar and bring it to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes. In the meantime, roughly chop the cilantro and put it into a blender along with the salt and lime juice. When the jalapeno mixture is cooked, add it to the blender. Cover the blender, put a towel over the lid, and turn it on low. Once it is going, crank it up to the highest setting and puree for 3 minutes. Strain through a medium holed strainer and let cool. Pour into sterilized bottles and refrigerate. The hot sauce will keep for up to a month under refrigeration.nWhen blending hot liquids: Remove liquid from the heat and allow to cool for at least 5 minutes. Transfer liquid to a blender or food processor and fill it no more than halfway. If using a blender, release one corner of the lid. This prevents the vacuum effect that creates heat explosions. Place a towel over the top of the machine, pulse a few times then process on high speed until smooth., ingredients: [12 pound jalapeno peppers about 6 large, 1 small onion, 6 garlic cloves, 2 cups apple cider vinegar, 12 bunch cilantro, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 lime, juiced], title: Flaming Blast of Lime Hot Sauce, picturelink: 9nBWRpuGPrrOMJK8Sznmp245LWM6G}, 59752: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPoke the potatoes, place on a parchmentlined baking sheet and rub all over with the olive oil and a generous sprinkling of salt and pepper. Bake until a paring knife easily pierces the flesh, about 1 hour. Let cool slightly.nPut the kielbasa in a large skillet with the veggie oil and then turn the heat to medium. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the fat starts to render, and the sausage is golden in places, about 5 minutes. Add the coleslaw mix and stir until just wilted, about 2 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl.nCut the potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop out the flesh, leaving a 14inchthick wall of potato and skin so they hold their shape. Add the potato flesh to the bowl with the kielbasa mixture and stir in the butter, scallions, 1 cup of the mozzarella, 14 cup of the barbecue sauce and 1 teaspoon salt. Season with salt and pepper. Put the potato boats on the baking sheet and spoon the filling into them. Sprinkle the remaining cheese evenly over the tops. Bake until the cheese is melted and the tops are browned in spots, about 20 minutes. Brush with the remaining barbecue sauce, top with the reserved scallions and serve immediately., ingredients: [6 small russet potatoes 6 to 8 ounces each, 1 tablespoon olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 ounces kielbasa, diced, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 cups coleslaw salad mix, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 scallions, chopped, 3 tablespoons of the sliced greens reserved for garnish, 2 cups shredded mozzarella, About 12 cup barbecue sauce], title: Cleveland Stuffed Potatoes, picturelink: H9eQssvxaOqxYE7Ms6sec4ifwjdV2Wq}, 59753: {instructions: Dissolve 3 yeast cakes in 12 cup warm water, not hot. Add 2 cups warm, nonfat milk or scalded whole milk slightly cooled and 3 cups flour, and 1 teaspoon salt. Whisk together and set aside to proof yeast.nIn a separate bowl, add 1dozen fresh eggs, sugar, and lemon juice. Beat well and then add melted butter.nAdd yeast mixture, the remaining flour and 2 tablespoons of salt. Mix well and let rest for 10 to 20 minutes.nContinue mixing until dough begins to pull away from bowl or knead with greased hands until dough pulls away from your hands. This takes a while and the dough is sticky unlike bread dough. Place in greased bowl and cover to let rise to double, about 1 to 3 hours.nPunch down, turn over, and let rise to double a second time.nCarefully break away about 23 pound of dough at a time, rolling dough into a nice loaf shape and place into greased loaf pans. This should make about 5 to 7 nice loafs. Let rise until double in the pans for a third rising.nMake two to three 14inch slits on the top of each loaf and then brush tops with 1 beaten egg mixed with 1 tablespoon of water.nBake at 325 degrees F for about 10 minutes and then reduce heat to about 300 degrees F for another 25 to 30 minutes.nRemove loaves from the oven and lay them on their side on a rack for a couple of minutes before removing from the pan., ingredients: [3 yeast cakes, 12 cup warm water, 2 cups warm, nonfat milk or scalded whole milk slightly cooled, 5 pounds flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 dozen fresh eggs, room temperature, 3 12 cups sugar, 3 tablespoon lemon juice, 12 pound butter, melted, 2 tablespoons salt, 1 egg, beaten], title: Portuguese Sweet Bread, picturelink: null}, 59754: {instructions: Combine 1 cup mezcal and 3 cups orange juice in a pitcher pour into 4 tall icefilled glasses. Add a dash of grenadine to each glass and garnish with orange slices and maraschino cherries.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [], title: Mezcal Sunrise, picturelink: wZKUR7YBxLhasfu5MhnwU5KyGlAD5xW}, 59755: {instructions: In a large bowl, mix together the berries, 14 cup sugar, and amaretto. Set aside to macerate for 15 minutes or up to 1 hour at room temperature.nMeanwhile, make the zabaglione: Set an instantread thermometer in a cup of hot water. In a metal bowl, with a whisk or a handheld electric mixer, beat together the remaining 14 cup sugar, egg yolks, and Marsala until well combined. Set bowl over a saucepan of barely simmering water and beat mixture until tripled in volume and thermometer registers 140 degrees F, about 5 minutes. To ensure that eggs are cooked, beat mixture 3 minutes more. Set the bowl in a bowl of ice water and continue beating until chilled.nIn another bowl, beat the heavy cream to stiff peaks. In 3 additions, fold the whipped cream into the zabaglione and store in the refrigerator.nWhen ready to serve, divide the fruit among stemmed glasses or bowls and spoon the chilled zabaglione over the top. Serve., ingredients: [4 to 5 cups mixed raspberries and quartered strawberries, 12 cup sugar, divided, 2 tablespoons amaretto, or to taste, 3 large egg yolks, 2 tablespoons dry Marsala, 12 cup chilled heavy cream], title: Chilled Zabaglione with Berries, picturelink: null}, 59756: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the flatbread: Combine the yeast, sugar and 14 cup lukewarm water in a small bowl and let the yeast puff up and proof.nPour the yeast mixture into a large bowl and add 1 cup lukewarm water, the oil and salt. Add 1 cup of the flour and whisk until smoothly combined. Switching to a wooden spoon, add the rest of the flour and stir until you have a soft dough. Rub the dough with a bit more oil, press a square of plastic wrap to its surface and let it rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour.nPunch down the dough, transfer it to an oiled plastic bag and let it proof in the refrigerator at least 4 hours or as long as 3 days.nFor the peppered pork loin: To give the roast a quick cure for added flavor, stir together the sugar and 12 teaspoon salt, rub the mixture all over the roast and refrigerate for 1 hour or as long as overnight.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBlot the roast dry. Crush the peppercorns with a mortar and pestle or in a spicedevoted coffee grinder to a mediumcoarse texture. Some will be finely ground, but you want the larger pieces to resemble cracked pepper. Rub the pepper into the meat, saving what doesnt stick for the marinade.nHeat a small saucepan over mediumlow heat, and add the butter and garlic. Cook until the butter bubbles add the vinegar, thyme and remaining black pepper, and remove from the heat.nSprinkle the pork with 1 teaspoon salt. Heat an ovenproof skillet large enough to fit the pork roast over high heat and add the oil. Brown the meat quickly on all sides.nBrush the meat generously with some of the pepper mixture, put the skillet in the oven and roast for 10 minutes. Remove the skillet, roll the roast to another side and baste it with more of the pepper mixture. Continue to roast the meat, removing it from the oven every 10 minutes or so to flip and mop, until an instantread thermometer inserted in the center of the roast reads 145 degrees F, about 50 minutes total.nTransfer the meat to a platter and let it rest for at least 10 minutes, rolling the pork around to sop up its exuded juices. Refrigerate the pork until using. The pork could also be sliced and served hot at this point.nFor the doctored aioli: Stir together the mayonnaise, olive oil, salt, pepper, garlic and lemon zest and juice in a medium bowl. Refrigerate until using.nHeat a grill over high heat. Generously oil a baking sheet. Divide the flatbread into eight portions on the baking sheet. Press the dough into thin rounds, about 8 inches in diameter.nGrill the breads over mediumhigh heat, closing the lid right after putting them on and flipping and turning to avoid any flareups. Each flatbread will take about 2 minutes to cook.nSlice the pork very thinly. Spread some aioli across the flatbreads and pile some pork on one side of each. Top with shaved Parmesan and a handful of arugula. Fold the sandwiches in half and pile them on a platter for serving., ingredients: [34 teaspoon active dry yeast, Pinch of sugar, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, plus more for oiling, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 3 14 cups bread flour, 12 teaspoon sugar, Fine sea salt, One 3 12pound pork loin roast, fat cap left on, 3 tablespoons black peppercorns, 5 tablespoons butter, 6 cloves garlic, finely grated, 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 cup mayonnaise, such as Kraft Homestyle, 6 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Pinch of salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 clove garlic, finely grated, Zest and juice of 1 lemon 2 tablespoons juice, 3 ounces Parmesan, shaved thinly, 2 cups arugula], title: Peppered Pork and Parmesan Flatbread Sandwiches, picturelink: oOPtK1rEnGjcNJl5JvdQ0W9hm1EXru}, 59757: {instructions: Grease a 7inch cake pan with vegetable oil. In a bowl, whisk the yogurt and the gram flour together to a smooth batter.nIn a food processor, blend the green chiles, ginger, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, and 2 tablespoons of the water to a smooth paste. Add the chile paste, turmeric, salt, and 1 teaspoon of the sugar to the batter, and stir until well combined. Loosen the batter if necessary with a teaspoon of water to return it to the consistency of heavy cream. Add the fruit salts, and stir well to combine, then set aside for 4 to 5 minutes.nFill the saucepan of an 8inch double boiler with water and bring to a boil. Alternatively, place a biscuit cutter of the same size or an upturned heatproof bowl into a large, heavybased pan and pour enough water into the pan to reach halfway up the sides of the bowl. Cover the pan with a lid and bring the water to a boil.nPour the batter into the greased cake pan and carefully lower it into the double boiler. Cover the pan with a lid and steam the cake over a medium heat for 18 to 20 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted into the batter comes out clean.nHeat the remaining 1 tablespoon oil in a small pan over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the mustard seeds and fry for 20 to 30 seconds, or until the mustard seeds start to pop. Be careful of the popping seeds and splatter of oil.nWhen the mustard seeds have started to pop, add the sesame seeds and curry leaves and fry for another minute, or until the sesame seeds are golden brown. Discard the curry leaves.nAdd the remaining 4 tablespoons of water and the remaining teaspoon of sugar and boil for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the sugar has dissolved and the mixture resembles syrup.nTo serve, turn out the lentil cake onto a serving plate. Pour the syrup evenly over the cake. Sprinkle over the fresh coriander and coconut., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided, plus extra for greasing, 4 ounces plain yogurt, 3 12 ounces gram flour chickpea flour, 1 to 2 thin green chiles, seeds removed, 1 14inch piece fresh ginger, peeled, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 6 tablespoons water, divided, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, Kosher salt, 2 teaspoons sugar, divided, 34 teaspoon Enos fruit salts or baking powder, 1 teaspoon mustard seeds, 1 12 teaspoons sesame seeds, 12 curry leaves, Handful chopped fresh cilantro leaves, for garnish, Handful freshly grated coconut, for garnish], title: Lentil Cakes, picturelink: null}, 59758: {instructions: Preheat grill. Brush mushrooms with some of the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 3 to 4 minutes per side, remove and slice into 14inch slices. Place the warm beans in a large bowl, add mushrooms, herbs and tomatoes.nWhisk together the lemon juice, olive oil and garlic and pour over the beans. Add the cheese and season with salt and pepper to taste., ingredients: [4 shiitake mushroom caps, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 cups warm white beans, cooked or canned rinsed and drained and heated, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 3 tablespoons chopped chives, 3 plum tomatoes, finely diced, 4 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic, 14 cup grated Parmesan cheese], title: White Bean Salad with Shiitake Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 59759: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Grilled Brioche Smores, picturelink: cMVabOS64AGPfIoi96NlU5262qTPgtC}, 59760: {instructions: Special equipment: cleavernFor the seasoning mix: In a bowl, mix salt, white pepper, sugar, and five spice pepper together.nTo prepare your crabs humanely, place them in the freezer for 1 hour to put them to sleep, or submerge them in an ice bath for 5 minutes.nRemove the upper shell of the crab, pick off the gills, which look like little fingers, and discard them. Clean the crab under running water and drain.nPlace the crab on its stomach and chop the crab in 12 with a heavy cleaver.nNow chop each 12 into 4 pieces, chopping each piece after each leg.nWith the back of the cleaver gently crack each claw  this makes it easier to extract the meat.nHeat the oil in a wok to 400 degrees F200 degrees C, or until a cube of bread dropped into the oil browns in 5 seconds.nDust the crab pieces with potato starch, shaking off the excess. Deepfry the crab in batches for 3 minutes, turning over once, until golden brown.nRemove from the wok and drain on kitchen paper towels. Remove the oil, reserving 2 tablespoons, and clean the wok.nHeat the reserved oil in the wok, then add the shallots and garlic and fry until fragrant.nReturn the crab to the wok and toss all ingredients together well, adding the salt and pepper seasoning mix to taste.nServe with jasmine rice and finger bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon salt, 1 teaspoon fine white pepper, 1 teaspoon sugar, 12 teaspoon five spice powder, 2 14 ounce400 g each live crabs, blue swimmer or mud crab, Vegetable oil, for deepfrying, Potato starch, for dusting, 3 red Asian shallots, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely diced, 3 spring onions scallions, cut into 2inch5 cm lengths, 2 long red chiles, thinly sliced on the diagonal, Serving suggestion: Jasmine rice.], title: Salt and Pepper Red Crab: Cua Rang Muoi, picturelink: null}, 59761: {instructions: To cut mango into pieces, stand it on end and slice the flesh off both sides of the central pit. Lay each half on a cutting board and with the tip of your knife, score the flesh in a crosshatch pattern. Pushing from the skin side, turn inside out so that the mango flesh pops up slice it off the skin. Also cut off the remaining flesh from around the pit and remove the skin.nIn a blender, puree the fruit and ginger, scraping down the sides as necessary. Add the buttermilk, yogurt and ice and puree until smooth and frothy. Pour into glasses., ingredients: [2 ripe mangoes about 34 pound each or 1 mango and 1 banana, 2 pieces crystallized ginger, about 1 ounce, 1 cup lowfat buttermilk, One 8ounce container lowfat vanilla yogurt, Handful of chipped ice], title: MangoGinger Smoothie, picturelink: null}, 59762: {instructions: In a nonreactive shallow pan, mix together 1 cup teriyaki sauce and 1 cup water for a marinade. Place the salmon on the presoaked skewers and marinate for 10 minutes.nHeat oil in a grill pan or nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Grill the skewers for 3 minutes on each side for medium, or 5 minutes on each side for well done.nArrange the skewered salmon in a starlike pattern. Generously drizzle 12 cup teriyaki sauce over the skewers. Garnish with sesame seeds and green onions., ingredients: [1 12 cups teriyaki sauce, divided, 1 cup water, 10 ounces king salmon, cut into 1ounce strips, 10 bamboo skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 2 tablespoons sesame seeds, 2 tablespoons green onions, chopped], title: Teriyaki Salmon Strips, picturelink: j5dIHTCsjZIJB91dKhmp0HKvQ9ewu}, 59763: {instructions: Combine the plums, sugar, water and honey in a food processor and process until smooth. Put a few tablespoons of the puree into chilled champagne glasses and fill them to the top with Prosecco., ingredients: [2 ripe plums, halved, pitted and chopped, Superfine sugar, Splash water, 1 tablespoon honey, Chilled Prosecco], title: Plum Prosecco Cocktail, picturelink: rjgVpFWYO0ExNEsPZkDG8zL5t31.Wdi}, 59764: {instructions: In a large saucepan, bring seafood stock to a boil. Once boiling, add salt, bay leaves, and lobster meat. Cook lobster only until it is opaque. Do not overcook lobster as it will get tough. Remove lobster with a slotted spoon and set aside to drain, reserving cooking liquid. Remove bay leaves from liquid and discard.nMelt the butter in a saucepan, and add garlic and scallions, cooking them until they become tender. Stir in the grits, and toast lightly in the pan, then add the cooking liquid from the lobster and simmer until the grits are cooked, about 20 minutes. The grits should be fluffy.nWhile the grits are cooking, cook bacon in a large skillet until crispy and golden brown, then remove to paper toweling to drain. Pour off most of the fat from the pan. To the same pan which now has a coating of bacon fat, add the mushrooms, onion, garlic, thyme, tomatoes, and parsley. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes to integrate flavors, then return bacon pieces to pan and add white wine. Let wine reduce by half while grits are cooking.nTo finish, gently fold lobster, lime juice, and Parmesan into grits. Season with salt and pepper, as needed. Transfer lobster grits to serving dish and spoon mushroom wine sauce around. Garnish with parsley and lemon wedges., ingredients: [8 cups 2 quarts lobster or seafood stock, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 bay leaves, 1 12 to 2pounds rock lobster meat, 4 to 6 slices bacon, chopped, 1 pound mushrooms, cleaned and quartered, 1 large onion, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 8ounce jar sundried tomatoes, chopped, 2 tablespoons chopped parsley leaves, 1 cup white wine, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup butter 12 stick, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 small bunch scallions or chives, chopped, 2 cups corn grits, 1 lime, juiced, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano, 6 sprigs parsley, for garnish, 6 lemon wedges], title: Creamy Grits with Bahamian Rock Lobster, picturelink: Sgq65yqXWx79bNLmSqFY9uJWUrEUWF2}, 59765: {instructions: Combine vodka and lime juice in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake and strain into a martini glass. Garnish with a lime wedge., ingredients: [2 ounces berryflavored vodka recommended: Skyy Berry Vodka, Splash lime juice recommended: Finest Call Lime Juice, Ice, Lime Wedge, for garnish], title: Skyy Berry Gimlet, picturelink: null}, 59766: {instructions: In a large jug, combine the wine and the fruit. Allow mixture to sit in the refrigerator for 24 hours. In a large punch bowl, blend the mixture with the fruit juices, brandy, ice and soda water to taste., ingredients: [2 bottles dry, white wine, 2 cups sliced fresh fruit strawberries, raspberries, melon, peaches, orange slices, 4 cups fresh fruit juice pear, papaya and passionfruit, 2 ounces brandy, Soda water, to taste], title: Sangria Blanco, picturelink: null}, 59767: {instructions: For Uni sauce: In a blender, puree 4 ounces fresh Uni. Fold pureed Uni into the softened butter with Tamari and Sansho. Let chill. Meanwhile, in a small sauce pan reduce clam broth and white wine to 18 cup. In a medium bowl place yolks over a pot of boiling water, whisk briefly add reduced clam broth mixture, whisk until thickened. Slowly add chilled Uni butter, add chopped tarragon and tarragon vinegar, keep warm. Blanch 2 bunches parsley and shock down in ice water, squeeze excess water from the parsley, rough chop, transfer to a blender with 1 cup of olive oil, puree and reserve.nFor the Scallops: Cut potatoes to medium cubes, boil in water until slightly overcooked, drain and cool. Season the scallops with salt and pepper. In a medium pan over mediumhigh heat sear the seasoned scallops. Crumble potatoes into dime size pieces, and fry in a separate medium skillet with peanut oil until crispy. Transfer to a bowl and combine with 1 teaspoon parsley, 1 teaspoon chives, 1 teaspoon truffle oil, 1 tablespoons onion jam and press into ring molds and place in the center of the plate, position seared scallop on top of molded potatoes and spoon Uni sauce over the scallops. Garnish with micro watercress and sliced Nori, drizzle parsley oil around the plate.nIn a medium pan add butter and 1 12 pounds of sliced yellow onions sweat until softened. Add 1 18 cup of red wine vinegar, 18 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup sugar and a pinch of salt. Let cook down until jam like consistency. Once ready, let cool and reserve., ingredients: [4 ounces fresh Uni, 12 pound butter, softened, 1 tablespoon Tamari, 1 teaspoon Sansho powder, 2 cups clam broth, 12 cup white wine, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon freshly chopped tarragon leaves, 1 teaspoon tarragon vinegar, 2 bunches fresh parsley, 1 cup olive oil, 1 pound Yukon gold potatoes, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 8 Jumbo scallops, Peanut oil, for frying, 4 tablespoons Onion Jam, recipe follows, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped parsley leaves, 4 teaspoons freshly chopped chives, 4 teaspoon truffle oil, Micro watercress, for garnish, Sliced nori, for garnish, 1 12 pounds yellow onions, sliced, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 18 cups red wine vinegar, 18 cup balsamic vinegar, 12 cup sugar, Salt], title: Seared Jumbo scallops with Uni Sauce, Yukon Potatoes, Onion Jam and Parsley Oil, picturelink: null}, 59768: {instructions: Heat the 1 cup oil in a deep heavybased frying pan until a breadcrumb sizzles and turns brown when dropped into it.nWhen the oil is hot, add the potatoes, and fry over a medium heat for 5 to 7 minutes, or until just tender. Add the turmeric, red chile powder, sugar, dried mango powder, cumin, and salt, to taste, to the pan. Turn up the flame and continue to fry for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the potatoes are crisp, and goldenbrown. Remove the potatoes from the pan using a slotted spoon, and set aside to drain on a tray lined with paper towels.nMeanwhile, in a separate frying pan, heat 1 tablespoon of oil over a medium heat, add the cashew nuts and fry for 1 to 2 minutes, or until golden brown. Add the sesame seeds and fry for another minute, or until the sesame seeds are golden brown.nTo serve the dish, place the potatoes into a serving dish. Pour over the fried nuts and seeds, and stir well to coat the potatoes. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 cup vegetable oil, for deep frying, plus 1 tablespoon, 1 pound potatoes, peeled and cut into wedges, 12 teaspoon ground turmeric, 12 teaspoon red chile powder, 1 teaspoon sugar, 34 teaspoon dried mango powder, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, Kosher salt, 2 tablespoons cashew nuts, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds], title: Gujarati Potatoes with Cashew Nuts, picturelink: null}, 59769: {instructions: Heat oil in skillet over medium heat. Add onion and peppers and cook for 1 minute. Add rice and toss to coat well in the oil. Adds the paprika, chili powder and garlic. Cook tossing for 1 minute. Slowly add tomato sauce and tomatoes, in small increments, cooking off the liquid. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. When the rice is cooked and has nice red color and none or very little liquid remains, remove to a bowl or plate and garnish with green onions., ingredients: [6 tablespoons olive oil, 1 medium onion, diced, 2 Anaheim pepper, diced, 4 cups cooked white rice, 12 teaspoon paprika, 12 teaspoon chili powder, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 6 ounces tomato sauce, 4 Roma tomatoes, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 bunch green onion, chopped], title: Spanish Fried Rice, picturelink: null}, 59770: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. In large bowl, whisk flour with baking soda, pie spice and salt.nIn another bowl, combine sugars, pumpkin, buttermilk, oil and egg. Whisk until well blended.nStir in dry ingredients just until completely incorporated. Fold in pecans. Spoon batter equally into 12 oiled muffin cups and bake 20 to 25 minutes or until muffins spring back when lightly touched in centers. Remove from pan and cool on wire rack. Serve warm or at room temperature., ingredients: [1 12 cups allpurpose flour, 1 tsp. baking soda, 2 tsp. pumpkin pie spice, 14 tsp. salt, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup light brown sugar, packed, 1 cup canned pumpkin puree, 12 cup buttermilk, 14 cup STAR Extra Light Olive Oil plus more for oiling muffin pan, 1 egg, 34 cup chopped pecans], title: Pumpkin Pecan Muffins, picturelink: Fcxb7jzr8XQwnA1qFM2KfWS6ooIB.}, 59771: {instructions: Place 6 ounces of sushi rice and 1 pint of cold water in a sauce pot. Bring the ingredients to a boil, cover the sauce pot, then turn down to a simmer. Cook until all the water is gone, and rice is cooked nice and sticky. Then, turn out rice on a film covered sheet pan, and season with rice wine vinegar and sesame seeds. Cover with more clear film wrap. In a toaster oven or regular oven, place nori sheet on a sheet pan at 250 degrees for 30 seconds. Seaweed should be lightly toasted, not crisp, just warm. Lay out the seaweed. Pat the rice on the seaweed with your fingers then place pieces of Ahi or Himachi in the center. With a sushi mat, roll the tuna roll, cutting off excess seaweed, then roll in rice paper. Fry in 350 degree oil for 2 minutes then slice and serve with wasabi and soy sauce., ingredients: [6 ounces sushi rice, 4 ounces of rice wine vinegar, 3 ounces of ground toasted sesame seeds, 4 nori seaweed sheets, 6 ounces of trimmed and skinned Ahi tuna, 6 ounces of Himachi yellow tail white tuna, 4 spring roll paper wrappers, 8 ounces peanut oil, 13 ounces wasabi mustard sauce, Soy sauce], title: Tempura Sashimi, picturelink: null}, 59772: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the casserole: Heat a few inches of water to a low boil, add salt and the green beans and cook 3 to 4 minutes to tendercrisp, drain.nHeat the EVOO in a large, deep skillet over medium to mediumhigh heat, add the mushrooms and lightly brown them, 7 to 8 minutes. Add the butter, shallots and garlic, season with salt, pepper and thyme, and stir 2 to 3 minutes more. Add the flour, stir a minute, add the wine, stir in the stock and thicken. Add the cream and Boursin and reduce the heat to simmer. Add the green beans and chicken and thicken a bit stir in the tarragon.nTransfer into a casserole dish and cool. Cover and refrigerate for a makeahead meal.nTo reheat: Bring back to room temp. Bake at 375 degrees F until bubbly, 50 to 60 minutes top with homemade or storebought Fried Onions.nPlace the chicken in a large stockpot. Add the celery, carrot, onion, garlic, lemon, bay leaf, peppercorns and the herb bundle season with salt. Cover the chicken with water and bring to a boil reduce the heat to a low, rolling simmer. Simmer 60 to 75 minutes, then cool the chicken in its stock. Strain the stock. Remove the chicken in large pieces from the skin and bones. Cut half of the meat into bitesize chunks. Thinly slice or pull the remaining meat.nHeat 2 to 3 inches of frying oil to 365 degrees F in a countertop fryer or in a deep medium pot over medium to mediumhigh heat. Separate the onion rings and soak in the buttermilk. Toss a few rings at a time into the flour and fry until crisp drain on paper towels and repeat with the remaining onions., ingredients: [Salt, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed and cut into thirds, 1 tablespoon EVOO, 12 pound button mushrooms, sliced, 4 tablespoons butter, 2 large shallots, chopped, 3 to 4 cloves garlic, chopped, Pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme, 4 tablespoons flour, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 cups chicken stockpoaching liquid from Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 1 cup cream or halfandhalf, 1 wheel Boursin 5.4 ounces or other garlicandherb cheese, 1 12 pounds cooked pulled or sliced Poached Chicken, recipe follows, 2 to 3 tablespoons fresh chopped tarragon or 1 tablespoon dried tarragon, Fried Onions, homemade or storebought, recipe follows, One 4 to 5pound chicken, 2 ribs celery, coarsely chopped, 1 carrot, peeled and coarsely chopped, 1 onion, peeled and quartered, 2 cloves garlic, crushed, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 large fresh bay leaf, 1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Herb bundle of parsley, rosemary and thyme tied with a string, Salt, Frying oil, 1 small to medium onion, very thinly sliced, 1 cup buttermilk, 1 cup flour, aggressively seasoned with salt, pepper and paprika], title: Chicken and Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: Ogiz8riiXEqUewEgordU4q4F.RQpnh2}, 59773: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the Beer Batter:nMix the flour, salt and pepper in a medium bowl. Gradually add in the beer while whisking. Set aside and let the batter rest for 15 minutes before using.nFor Cream Sauce:nAdd the mayonnaise and crema to a medium bowl. Whisk in the lemon zest, lemon juice and water. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper can be made 3 days ahead, covered and refrigerated.nFor the Fish:nIn a large skillet, over medium heat, add enough oil to reach a depth of 1inch. Heat the oil until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F or when the end of a wooden spoon sizzles when inserted into the oil.nOn a large plate, combine the flour and salt. Season the fish pieces all over with salt and pepper and coat with the flour. Working in batches, dip the fillets in the beer batter and coat on both sides. Fry in the hot oil until golden brown and cooked through, about 5 minutes. Transfer to paper towels to drain.nMake tacos with the tortillas and fish and top each with cream, shredded cabbage, tomatillo salsa and pickled jalapenos, if desired.nCooks Note: Crack open a cold Mexican cerveza like a Negra Modelo or a 2 Equis XX Amber to make this tasty beer batter, which will change the way you think about fried fish You can use it for vegetables, too.nCooks Note: Mexican Crema is Mexicos version of creme fraiche and is found at many supermarkets and can easily be substituted with sour cream., ingredients: [1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 cup dark Mexican beer, 13 cup mayonnaise, 23 cup Mexican crema or sour cream, 1 teaspoon grated lemon zest, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 2 tablespoons water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Oil, for frying, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon salt, plus more for seasoning, 2 pounds skinned halibut cut into 5 by 12inch strips, Freshly ground black pepper, Corn tortillas, 2 cups shredded cabbage, 2 cups tomatillo salsa storebought or homemade for garnish, optional, Pickled jalapenos, for garnish, optional], title: Baja Style Fish Tacos, picturelink: UyIswNKTP8zE476atazVC4ARFC9yqIW}, 59774: {instructions: Melt 8 ounces chopped semisweet chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a saucepan of simmering water, stirring. Remove the bowl from the pan and stir in 2 cups canned potato sticks. Coat a 6cup muffin pan with cooking spray and scoop some of the chocolate mixture into the cups make an indentation in each to form nests. Chill until set, at least 3 hours. Fill with marcona almonds.nPhotograph by Sam Kaplan, ingredients: [], title: Chocolate Birds Nests, picturelink: bPYw7ebv6aAWIPogPayY.OV5deRstqW}, 59775: {instructions: In a chilled mixing bowl, combine the flour, sugar, salt, butter, and lard. Rub the flour and fat together with your fingertips until the mixture is flaky and the consistency of coarse bread crumbs. Drizzle half of the beaten egg over and toss until the dough comes together, adding the remaining egg if necessary to bind the dough. Gather the dough into a compact ball and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before rolling out.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees. On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough into a rectangle about 18 inch thick. With a cookie cutter or the rim of a glass, cut the dough into 3 12 inch rounds. Gather the scraps into a ball, reroll them and cut more rounds. Repeat until you have used all the dough. Fit the dough rounds into ungreased 2 12 inch tart pans or the cups of a muffin pan, pressing them gently against the bottoms and sides to form deep molds. Place the pan in the freezer for 10 minutes to firm the dough. Place the tins on a baking sheet and bake for about 20 minutes, until the pastry is golden brown. Set the shells aside in their tins to cool.nReduce the oven to 350 degrees. In the bowl of an electric mixer or with a handheld mixer, beat the cream cheese, farmers cheese, and sugar together until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolk, cinnamon, and salt and beat until smooth.nSpoon the filling into the tart shells, dividing it evenly, and filling up to within 14inch of the top. Bake in the middle of the oven for 20 minutes, or until the filling is set and doesnt jiggle when shaken. Cool the tarts to room temperature and carefully slip them out of their tins. Serve, garnished with a few grape halves., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons sugar, 14 tablespoon salt, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into 4 pieces, 4 tablespoons cold lard, cut into 8 pieces, 1 egg, lightly beaten, 14 cup cream cheese, softened, 34 cup farmers cheese, softened, 12 cup sugar, 1 large egg yolk, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon salt, Small bunch red seedless grapes, halved], title: Sweet Cheese Tarts, picturelink: null}, 59776: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour three 9inch cake pans. Cut parchment paper circles to fit the bottoms of the pans and fit into the bottom of the cake pans.nIn a free standing mixer, add both sugars and butter until light and creamy. Beat in eggs, vanilla, and tomatoes. In a separate large bowl, combine cocoa, cake flour, salt, baking soda, and baking powder. Beat cocoa mixture into butter mixture alternately with the buttermilk, in 3 additions. Pour into prepared pans. Bake cakes for 32 to 35 minutes, or until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean and tops of cake spring back at the touch. Cool cakes for 15 minutes. Carefully remove from pans and cool completely on racks.nMeanwhile, Prepare whipped ganache filling: In a large saucepan, heat 1 cup cream to boiling. Stir in chocolate. Cover and let sit for 5 minutes. Whisk until smooth. Cool ganache completely. In a separate bowl, whisk remaining 1 cup cream until soft peaks form. Stir in ganache mixtue, stirring gently to not deflate cream. Refrigerate until assembly time.nPrepare frosting by combining butter and cream cheese in a large bowl. Beat until fluffy. Stir in buttermilk, salt, vanilla, and lemon juice. Beat in enough powdered sugar in 12 cup increments until light and fluffy, adding more buttermilk if necessary.nTo assemble cake, trim tops of cake with a serrated knife so that they are perfectly even and flat. Place 1 cake layer on cake platter. Spread with half of ganache filling, not quite to the edges. Sprinkle with 13 cup almonds, and 13 cup toffee bits. Repeat with next layer. Top with final cake layer. Frost entire tops and outsides of cake with cream cheese frosting. Sprinkle tops of cake with remaining toffee and almonds, and garnish with chocolate curls. Serve immediately, or refrigerate up to 24 hours before serving., ingredients: [1 cup granulated sugar, 1 cup dark brown sugar, 1 cup softened unsalted butter, 3 eggs, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 13 cup pureed red ripe peeled tomatoes canned crushed tomatoes work also, 1 cup plus 3 tablespoons cocoa, 2 12 cups cake flour, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 2 cups buttermilk, 2 cups heavy cream, divided, 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 14 cup unsalted butter, softened, 4 ounces cream cheese, softened, 2 tablespoons buttermilk, plus more if needed, Pinch salt, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice, Powdered sugar, 1 cup sliced almonds, toasted, 1 cup toffee bits, Chocolate curls, for garnish], title: Anniversary ChocolateButtermilk Layer Cake with Toffee and Toasted Almonds, picturelink: null}, 59777: {instructions: Heat a large skillet. Melt the butter, then add the olive oil and chopped shallot. Cook until soft, about 3 minutes. Add the spinach and cook, stirring, until spinach is wilted. Season with salt and pepper and toss again. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 small shallot, chopped, 10 ounce package baby spinach, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sauteed Spinach, picturelink: Xtytd3x47nFp9mUcU8n3.c.W3Gipym}, 59778: {instructions: Grind the cinnamon in a coffee grinder. Butter a 9 by 13inch glass baking dish. In the bowl of an electric mixer, cream the butter and shortening. Add the sugar and whip until light and fluffy. Beat in 1 egg at a time. Sift the rice flour and baking powder into the mixture a little at a time. Stir in the cheese. Then add the batter to the buttered baking dish and cook for 20 to 25 minutes in 425 degree F oven until golden brown on the outside., ingredients: [1 large cinnamon stick, 12 cup butter, 34 cup vegetable shortening, 1 cup granulated sugar, 4 large eggs, 1 pound rice flour, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 2 cups finely grated aged cotija cheese], title: Sweet Rice Flour and Cheese Bread, picturelink: null}, 59779: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Grease an 8inch round cake pan with cooking spray.nUnroll the crescent dough onto a clean surface. Use a rolling pin to go over the dough a couple of times and stretch it a bit into a large rectangle. Line the dough with the pepperoni. Top evenly with the broccoli and sprinkle with garlic salt. Top with an even layer of mozzarella.nRoll the dough from one side to the other. Use a sharp knife to cut into seven 1inch rounds. Put the rounds in the prepared cake pan, crowding them together. Bake until golden brown, 25 to 30 minutes. Sprinkle with the Parmesan and let stand 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, for greasing the cake pan, 1 tube crescent roll dough, 42 to 50 slices pepperoni, 1 12 cups frozen broccoli florets, thawed, drained and chopped I press the broccoli between paper towels to remove as much water as possible, Garlic salt, for sprinkling, 1 cup shredded mozzarella, 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Broccoli and Pepperoni Pinwheels, picturelink: omKUqlHK7Cddvt2ZiMxkPtIEfaMCAxO}, 59780: {instructions: Coarsely grind the fennel seeds, peppercorns and coriander seeds in a spice grinder or with a mortar and pestle. Transfer to a bowl and mix with the salt, sugar and grapefruit zest and juice.nPlace the salmon fillets side by side, skinside down, on a large piece of plastic wrap. Scatter the salt mixture over and around the fish. Top one fillet with the dill, then put the other fillet on top, skinside up. Pat any extra salt mixture all over the fish. Wrap tightly in the plastic wrap and put the fish on a plate. Cover with another plate and put 2 or 3 heavy cans on top to weigh it down. Refrigerate 2 to 3 days, flipping the salmon daily.nUnwrap the salmon and rinse under cold water to remove the spices and herbs. Pat dry with paper towels. Slice the salmon at an angle as thinly as possible with a sharp knife.nBefore serving, press the egg whites through a finemesh strainer into a bowl. Repeat with the yolks. Arrange the salmon and bread on a platter. Put the chopped onion, chives, capers, beet horseradish and radishes in separate bowls for toppings.nPhotograph by Anna Williams, ingredients: [1 tablespoon fennel seeds, 1 tablespoon white peppercorns, 2 teaspoons black peppercorns, 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, 13 cup kosher salt, 13 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon grated grapefruit zest, 2 tablespoons fresh grapefruit juice, 2 10to12ounce centercut skinon salmon fillets, pin bones removed, 1 bunch dill, chopped, 4 hardcooked eggs, whites and yolks separated, Sliced pumpernickel cocktail bread, 1 small red onion, minced, 1 bunch chives, thinly sliced, 14cup capers, 14cup prepared beet horseradish, 1 bunch radishes, thinly sliced], title: Gravlax With the Works, picturelink: TRbJtwH5AXGxMss4.Dm0FfJhO7ViKz2}, 59781: {instructions: For the salad: Using a mandoline, slice the beets paper thin and arrange artfully on a platter. Core the pear and slice into thin lengthwise slices with a knife. Arrange the pears in fans on top of the beets. Add the gorgonzola dolce and garnish with whole mint leaves.nFor the dressing: Combine the extravirgin olive oil and lemon juice in a small bowl. Mince the thyme and the mint leaves together and add to the bowl. Season with salt and pepper. Whisk to combine. Dress the salad right before serving., ingredients: [1 medium yellow beet, scrubbed well, 1 medium red beet, scrubbed well, 1 slightly underripe Comice pear, 2 to 3 ounces gorgonzola dolce, broken up into small pieces, 2 sprigs fresh mint, leaves picked, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 lemon, juiced, 3 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves picked, 1 sprig fresh mint, leaves picked, Salt, Freshly ground pepper], title: Raw Beet, Pear and Gorgonzola Salad, picturelink: null}, 59782: {instructions: In a large stockpot, combine the beans with the Italian pepper and a bay leaf. Cover with water, passing the beans by 2 inches. Boil covered until tender, about 1 12 hours. Drain, reserving 3 cups of the cooking liquid.nIn a large casserole, render the fat from the bacon and ham. Add olive oil and saute the onions, pepper, and garlic until translucent. Add tomato paste and caramelize. Add the beans, the cooking liquid, oregano, cumin, and rice. Season with salt. Bring to a boil, cover, and cook at very low heat for about 20 minutes. Fluff with a fork., ingredients: [12 pound dry red kidney beans, 1 Italian frying pepper, cut in half, 1 bay leaf, 4 ounces bacon, diced, 14 pound ham, small dice, 14 cup olive oil, 1 white onion, small dice, 1 green pepper, small dice, 2 garlic cloves, chopped, 1 tablespoon tomato paste, 1 teaspoon dry oregano, 1 teaspoon cumin, 2 cups long grain rice, Salt], title: Red Beans and Rice Moors and Christians: Moros y Cristianos, picturelink: null}, 59783: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Toss the puffed rice, puffed wheat, Chex, puffed millet, oats and coconut on a large rimmed baking sheet. Bake 5 minutes.nMeanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the honey, cinnamon and salt.nPour the butter mixture over the cereal mixture and gently stir with a rubber spatula. Return to the oven bake until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Let cool completely store in an airtight container.nPhotograph by Levi Brown, ingredients: [1 12 cups puffed rice, 1 12 cups puffed wheat, 1 12 cups Wheat Chex cereal, 1 cup puffed millet, 1 cup rolled oats, 1 cup shredded coconut, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 cup honey, 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon, 1 teaspoon salt], title: Crunchy Cereal Trail Mix, picturelink: gWTAh5w0b1WmAK6LTfWwwcvbZHNPqz6}, 59784: {instructions: Special equipment: 1 piece aluminum foilnMix salt and peppercorns and season duck legs, place in sealed container and let brine overnight. Set up a steamer with a large bamboo basket and cover. In a bowl, mix together molasses, vinegar and fivespice. Brush the glaze on the legs and place in the steamer. Steam for 1 to 1 12 hours on low steam, occasionally brushing on more glaze and checking water level. Legs should be tender. Remove steamer and dump out remaining water and wipe clean. Line with foil and add the rice, sugar and tea. Mix well and turn wok on medium heat. When mixture starts to smolder, place bamboo steamer on top and seal with wet cloths around the steamer. Turn wok down to low and smoke for 15 minutes. Turn wok off and let smoke another 15 minutes. Legs may be served directly form the steamer, or if you wish, pan sear or deep fry in oil to bring out the golden brown color.nFor the ragout: In a large, hot skillet coated lightly with oil, brown garlic and onions, about 5 minutes. Add mushrooms, soy sauce and season. Add orzo and thyme and stir. Deglaze with wine and reduce by 50 percent. Reduce heat to medium and slowly add stock one ladle at a time. Stock should be completely absorbed before adding more. Continue adding stock until a creamy texture is achieved like risotto. Check for seasoning and whisk in the truffle oil.nPlating: In a large paste bowl, mound some ragout. Place 2 legs on top, crisscrossed and garnish with thyme sprig and chives.nPlating: In a large bowl, whisk together Dijon, sambal and limes. Mix with duck, onions and mango. Check for seasoning. Roll in lavash with lettuce and tomato. Slice on the bias. Yield: 2 servings Wine Recommendation: Dutton Ranch, Pinot Noir, Sebastopol Vineyards, Russian River Valley,1995nThis recipe utilizes the leftovers from above., ingredients: [8 duck legs, 14 cup kosher salt, 12 tablespoon coarse ground and toasted Szechuan peppercorns, 14 cup molasses, 14 cup Chinese black vinegar, 12 tablespoon fivespice powder, 1 cup rice, 1 cup black tea leaves, 1 cup sugar, 2 wet cloths, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 1 large red onion minced, 1 cup sliced creminis, 1 cup sliced shiitakes, 1 cup sliced chanterelles, 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce, 2 cups orzo, 1 tablespoon minced thyme, sprigs for garnish, 12 cup dry red wine, 3 to 5 cups hot chicken stock, 1 tablespoon white truffle oil, 1 tablespoon chive batons, for garnish, Salt and black pepper, Canola, oil to cook, 1 tablespoon Dijon, 12 tablespoon sambal, 2 limes, juiced, 2 cups shredded duck meat, 1 large red onion, sliced and caramelized, 1 mango, peeled and sliced, 2 cups shredded iceberg lettuce, 1 sliced tomato, 2 large whole wheat burrito or lavash, Salt and black pepper], title: TeaSmoked Duck Legs with Mushroom and Orzo Ragout, picturelink: null}, 59785: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Place the flour on a worktable. Make a well in the center of the flour and add the sugar, extravirgin olive oil and wine. Combine together and knead until the mixture becomes an even dough. If necessary, add a little more flour to absorb all the liquids. Sprinkle a tablespoon of anise seeds on the dough and knead well. Sprinkle the rest of the anise seeds, and continue to knead so that the seeds are evenly distributed. Cut off a small amount of dough and roll into a 12inch thick log. Cut the log into a 5inch long piece. Then form a doughnutlike shape by pinching opposite ends together. Repeat the above process with the remaining dough. Line a baking tray with cooking parchment paper and arrange the ciambelle, approximately 2 inches apart. Bake for approximately 10 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [4 to 5 cups0.9 kg to 1.1 kg allpurpose flour, 1 cup228 g sugar, 1 cup235 ml extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup235 ml white wine, 2 tablespoons28 g anise seeds], title: Le Ciambelle: SemiHard Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 59786: {instructions: Special equipment: a springform pannFor the gelatin: Put the boiling water in a heatproof bowl, add the gelatin and whisk to dissolve. Allow to cool to room temperature, about 30 minutes.nFor the crust: Meanwhile, lightly spray a springform pan with the cooking spray.nIn a bowl, combine the graham cracker crumbs, melted butter, granulated sugar and salt. Press the mixture into the prepared pan so that it creates an even bottom layer.nFor the filling: Combine the cream cheese and confectioners sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer with a paddle attachment. Add the heavy cream and vanilla and mix until combined. Add the roomtemperature gelatin to the cream cheese mixture and mix to combine.nAdd enough of the filling to cover the layer of graham cracker crust, then place the pumpkin pie on top. Cover with the rest of the filling and refrigerate until the cheesecake sets, from 4 hours to overnight. Serve cold., ingredients: [34 cup boiling water, Two .25ounce packages unflavored gelatin, Nonstick cooking spray, for spraying the springform pan, 1 14 cups graham cracker crumbs, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, melted, 1 tablespoon granulated sugar, Pinch of salt, Three 8ounce packages cream cheese, at room temperature, 34 cup confectioners sugar, 34 cup heavy cream, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1 storebought pumpkin pie], title: Cheesecake Pumpkin Pie, picturelink: lWR5LEaYlt50ke07sZUqk73ZdlUT2u}, 59787: {instructions: Stir together cheesecake filling and almond extract until well blended. Spoon evenly into prepared pie crust.nStir jam in medium bowl until smooth. Add fruit, stirring gently until evenly coated.nArrange fruit on top of filling, starting with strawberries, top side down in center, then encircling rows of blackberries, red raspberries and blueberries. Garnish with whipped cream. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 24.3 oz. container readytoeat cheesecake filling, 1 teaspoon almond extract, 1 6 oz. purchased vanilla wafer pie crust, 2 tablespoons Smuckersu00ae Seedless Strawberry Jam, OR 2 tablespoons Smuckersu00ae Seedless Red Raspberry Jam, 1 16 oz. package Natures Peaku00bf Berry Quartet, thawed 10 minutes, Whipped cream], title: Berry Quartet Cheesecake Pie, picturelink: null}, 59788: {instructions: Heat a skillet over medium heat and add the olive oil. Add the garlic and shallots to the skillet and saute until softened. Add the ground beef and cook until browned, stirring occasionally. Add the stock and simmer until the liquid is reduced. Add the chopped mushrooms and cook until softened. Add 1 tablespoon salt, 12 teaspoon pepper, cayenne, sauerkraut and brine. Cook until all liquid is absorbed. Stir in all the cream cheese except 1 tablespoon.nPreheat the broiler.nDrizzle the mushroom caps with olive oil and stuff with the beef mixture.nIn a small bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, the remaining cream cheese and some salt and pepper. Divide the breadcrumb topping over the stuffed mushrooms and broil until bubbly, 3 to 4 minutes., ingredients: [2 tablespoons olive oil, plus more for drizzling, 14 cup sauerkraut, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 12 shallot, minced, 8 ounces ground beef, 12 cup beef stock, 1 cup mixed mushrooms, chopped, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne, 2 tablespoons sauerkraut brine, 2 portobello mushrooms, stemmed, 12 cup breadcrumbs, 4 ounces cream cheese], title: Stuffed Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: cjUJwzrhWVpM8h9OCj5SGaQnTA.MDaO}, 59789: {instructions: Place the dried porcini in a bowl and pour the warm water over. Let stand until softened, about 10 minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the oil over medium heat in a 6 to 8quart pressure cooker. Add the onions and cook until tender, about 5 minutes. Add the shiitake mushrooms and cook, stirring frequently, until crisptender, about 5 minutes.nScoop the dried mushrooms out of the soaking liquid with your fingers, reserving the liquid. Rinse and coarsely chop the mushrooms. Strain the soaking liquid through a layer of paper towel. Add the chopped mushrooms to the pan along with the rice and stir to coat. Add the wine and cook until absorbed, about 30 seconds.nAdd the reserved soaking liquid, the broth and salt and close the pressure cooker lid. Place the slow cooker over high heat until the pressure is up to high and the valve begins to rattle, and then reduce the heat to mediumlow pressure will still be up, but not as high. Cook for 8 minutes, and then remove from the heat. Allow the pressure to come down on its own and once it has, remove the lid.nStir in the Parmesan and butter. Pass additional Parmesan and a peppermill at the table, if you like., ingredients: [2 12 cups warm water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large onion, finely chopped 34 cup, 34 cup dried porcini mushrooms, 1 pound fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discard, caps thinly sliced, 1 12 cups Arborio rice, 23 cup dry white wine, 34 cup chicken broth, 34 teaspoon salt, 34 cup grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter], title: Double Mushroom Risotto, picturelink: null}, 59790: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nCut the sweet potatoes and then the parsnips into paperthin slices using a food processor fitted with the thinnest vegetableslicing blade. If necessary, cut the potatoes in half or quarters lengthwise so they fit into the feeder tube.nUse 1 tablespoon of the butter to coat the inside of a 2quart ovenproof casserole a 6 by 10inchnPyrex pan works well. Combine the cream, stock, nutmeg, cinnamon, salt and pepper. Placen13 of the sweet potatoes in a thin layer across the bottom of the casserole. Layer half the parsnips on top of the sweet potatoes. Repeat this sequence until all of the sweet potatoes and parsnips have been used. Pour the cream mixture over the top. It should reach about 34 of the way up the vegetables. Butter a piece of aluminum foil with the remaining butter and wrap the foil tightly over the casserole. Put in the oven and turn tempertature down to 325 degrees.nBake the casserole 1 hour. Remove the foil and continue to cook another 15 minutes, until the vegetables are tender when pierced with a knife and the top is browned. Allow to cool slightly before serving. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 12 pounds sweet potatoes or yams, peeled, 1 pound parsnips, peeled, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 cup heavy cream, 12 cup chicken stock, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: Sweet Potato and Parsnip Casserole, picturelink: null}, 59791: {}, 59792: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and soak the Cocorico Roaster in cold water for 30 minutes.nIn a 2 quart saucepan, place the potatoes and enough water to cover them by 2 inches. Add 1 tablespoon of Gray salt and bring the water to a boil. Cook the potatoes for three or four minutes. Strain liquid and reserve the potatoes.nRinse the chicken insideout and dry well. Coat inside and outside with half the olive oil. Season the chicken on the outside with 2 tablespoons of the seasoning salt. Place the rosemary sprigs and lemon inside the cavity of the chicken. Carefully place the chicken onto the Cocorico Roaster, legs facing up. Put the Cocorico in the center of the oven. Roast the chicken for 15 minutes.nDuring this time, core the bell peppers and cut them into 1inch wide lengths. Halve the onions. In a bowl toss the potatoes, bell peppers and onions with the remaining olive oil and seasoning salt. Place in the tray of the Cocorico.nReduce the heat to 375 degrees F and continue roasting, about 1 hour, until the juices run clear when the thigh is pierced with a skewer. Every 15 minutes, rotate the Cocorico by at least 14turn. Remove from the oven and let rest for 15 minutes. Carefully remove the chicken from the Cocorico and carve into serving portions. Transfer to a platter and serve with the roasted vegetables., ingredients: [34lb.Yukon gold potatoes, halved, 1 Tbs. Gray salt, 1 312  4 lb. whole chicken, 4 Tbs. extravirgin olive oil, 3 Tbs. Napastyle Citrus Rosemary Gray Salt, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary, 1 lemon, quartered, 12lb. yellow or red bell pepper, 12lb. green bell peppers, 34lb. spring or small white onions about 68 onions, stems and roots trimmed], title: Cocorico Chicken, picturelink: null}, 59793: {instructions: For the gnudi: Mix together the Parmesan, ricotta, salt, nutmeg, pepper, eggs and egg yolk until light and airy. Fold in the flour and chives. Roll the gnudi dough into 1inch balls and place on a baking sheet. Cover completely with the semolina flour and refrigerate overnight.nFor the ragout: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F. Saute the oxtails on all sides in a braising pan until rendered crispy, and then remove from the pan. Add the peppercorns, bay leaves, carrots, celery, onions and thyme and saute for 5 minutes, and then return the oxtails to the pan. Pour in the port and simmer for 5 minutes. Add the veal stock and return to a simmer.nTransfer the pan to the oven and cook, uncovered, until tender and the meat easily pulls off the bone, turning the oxtails every 30 minutes, about 2 hours total. Remove the oxtails from the liquid and cool to room temperature. Pick the meat from the bones. Meanwhile, simmer the braising liquid over high heat until it becomes a think sauce consistency, and then strain through a fine mesh sieve. Add the oxtail to the sauce and keep warm.nBring a large pot of water to a boil. Poach the gnudi until they float to the top, about 5 minutes. Drain and serve on top of the oxtail ragout., ingredients: [Ricotta Gnudi:, 1 cup grated Parmesan, 1 cup ricotta cheese, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground nutmeg, 1 teaspoon fresh cracked black pepper, 2 eggs, 1 egg yolk, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons fresh minced chives, 4 cups semolina flour, Ragout:, 5 pounds oxtail, 2 tablespoons black peppercorns, 6 bay leaves, 2 carrots, diced, 2 celery stalks, diced, 2 onions, diced, 1 bunch fresh thyme, 3 cups ruby port wine, 6 cups veal stock, reduced], title: Ricotta Gnudi with Oxtail Ragout, picturelink: null}, 59794: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Line a 10 12 X 15 12inch jellyroll pan with parchment and spray with nonstick vegetable spray. In a dry bowl, melt chocolate over barely simmering water. Whisk the eggs and sugar until they hold a ribbon shape for 2 seconds. Whisk in the coffee mixture. Sift, then fold in the cocoa. Fold in the melted chocolate. Spread in the prepared pan and bake for 9 minutes until set. Let cool.nMeanwhile, make the filling. Sift the cocoa and confectioners sugar into the cream and whip to the consistency of shaving cream. Divide the sheet cake in half. Lightly spread one layer with apricot preserves. Spread on the whipped cream. Lightly spread the other half with raspberry preserves and flip on top of the whipped cream. Refrigerate.nMake the Ganache: Put the chocolate in a small bowl. Over medium heat, bring the cream to a scald. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Working from the center out, gently stir with a whisk to melt and blend. Continue stirring until smooth. Stir in the feuilletine and nibs. Pour over the cake. Allow cake to chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, until chocolate is set., ingredients: [8 ounces semisweet chocolate, 6 eggs, 34 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon espresso powder, dissolved in 1 tablespoon water, 12 cup Dutch processed baking cocoa, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa, 12 cup confectioners sugar, 2 cups heavy cream, Raspberry and apricot preserves, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, coarsely chopped, 12 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons pailettes de feuilletine optional, 1 tablespoon cocoa nibs optional], title: Rigo Jansci: Hungarian Chocolate Cake, picturelink: null}, 59795: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the hot sauce and butter in a small skillet and heat until melted and combined. Let cool slightly, then pour over the shredded chicken in a medium bowl and toss to coat completely.nTo assemble the sandwich, spread the chicken in an even layer on the bottom half of the bread. Top with the sliced celery and an ample amount of shredded lettuce. Spread the Blue Cheese Ranch on the top half of the bread and close the sandwich, using toothpicks to secure it. Cut into pieces and serve.nStir together the blue cheese, mayonnaise, sour cream, chives, vinegar, onion powder and garlic powder in a medium bowl until well incorporated. Season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [34 cup hot sauce I like Franks, 8 tablespoons 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 rotisserie chicken, skin discarded and meat shredded, One 2foot Italian bread loaf, sliced in half lengthwise, 1 stalk celery, thinly sliced, 1 small head iceberg lettuce, shredded, Blue Cheese Ranch, recipe follows, 1 cup crumbled blue cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup sour cream, 2 tablespoons minced chives, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 1 teaspoon onion powder, 1 teaspoon garlic powder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Buffalo Chicken Hoagie, picturelink: yZRjd14avifLm3EoqXZBBQ8v6fy3txS}, 59796: {instructions: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the lemongrass, all but 2 tablespoons of the cilantro, 12 cup of the mint, 12 cup of the oil, garlic, jalapenos, paprika, and salt in a food processor or blender and process until smooth. Add the remaining 12 cup of oil and vinegar and process until smooth. Place the fish fillets in a large baking dish, cover with the mojo and turn to coat. Marinate fish for up to 1 hour.nPlace 4 16inch long pieces of parchment paper on your work surface with the short half facing you. Crease each down the middle. Place a fillet in the center of the bottom half of the rectangle and pour about 14 cup of the mojo over each fillet and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of cilantro. Fold the top half of over the fillet so that the top and bottom edges meet. Tightly crimp and fold the edges of the parchment working from 1 end around to the other to seal the package. Place the packets on a baking sheet and bake for 9 to 10 minutes for 34inch thick fillets or up to 12 minutes for 1inch thick fillets.nPlace the fish packets on a large serving dish and open the packets tableside. Serve with juices from the packet and sprinkled with the chopped cilantro and mint leaves., ingredients: [5 4inch lemongrass stalks, white bulb only, root end trimmed, outer layers peeled off and stalk bruised with the back of a knife, thinly sliced, 1 tightly packed cup fresh cilantro leaves, 12 tightly packed cup fresh mint leaves plus 2 tablespoons chopped, for garnish, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 garlic cloves, peeled, 2 jalapenos, halved, seeded and roughly chopped, 1 tablespoon paprika, 1 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 4 8ounce skinless tilapia fillets 34inch to 1inch thick], title: Tilapia Pockets with CilantroLemongrass Mojo, picturelink: MzAWOgOFKVL8GTgebz5EK6Lnu84MQmO}, 59797: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCut stem section from the pumpkin and remove seeds. Sprinkle inside with salt and cinnamon.nPlace hollowed pumpkin on a baking sheet in oven and roast for 20 minutes. Remove and fill with cornbread dressing recipe follows leaving 1 to 2 inches at the top for expansion.nIncrease oven temperature to 375 degrees.nPlace stuffed pumpkin in oven and bake for another 35 to 40 minutes or until pumpkin is tender, dressing is set and nicely browned on top., ingredients: [1 3 to 4 pound pumpkin, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon cinnamon], title: Stuffed Pumpkin, picturelink: null}, 59798: {instructions: Make Rice Krispies Treats as the label directs, adding 14 cup sesame seeds and 12 cup each dried fruit and sunflower seeds with the cereal., ingredients: [], title: FruitNut Treats, picturelink: jinVTvilmJSzYfv6Lc2zzrgEfSejOFe}, 59799: {instructions: In a medium skillet, cook the bacon over mediumhigh heat until just crisp. Drain on paper towels and crumble when cool enough to handle. Set aside.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the oil, vinegar, salt, pepper and garlic.nWash the spinach leaves very well and spin dry. Tear the leaves into small pieces and place in a medium salad bowl. Add the mushrooms and bacon, and toss to combine. Pour 23 cup of the dressing over the salad reserve the rest for another use and toss again. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 ounces bacon, 34 cup olive oil, 14 cup red wine vinegar, Pinch salt and pepper, 1 clove garlic, minced, 1 pound leaf spinach, tough stems removed, 8 ounces mushrooms, thinly sliced], title: Spinach Salad with Garlic Dressing, picturelink: Xp5aYU5Bk6qUWRKF4rpcPcZsf3kJB2y}, 59800: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn an 11 by 15inch baking pan, layer each ingredient in order written. Dollop cream cheese on top of layers and drizzle sweetened condensed milk on top of everything. Bake in the oven for 25 minutes. Remove from oven and allow to cool before slicing into bars., ingredients: [12 pound butter, melted, 12 cup crushed graham crackers, 12 cup crushed vanilla wafers, 12 cup crushed chocolate graham crackers, 12 cup shredded sweetened coconut, 12 cup oats, 12 cup peanut butter chips, 12 cup butterscotch chips, 12 cup chocolate chips, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup chopped walnuts, 12 cup chopped hazelnuts, 4ounces cream cheese, softened, 1 8ounce can sweetened condensed milk], title: 14 Layer Bars, picturelink: null}, 59801: {instructions: If using an electric ice cream maker, place the body into the freezer overnight. It needs to be completely frozen to freeze the ice cream.nCombine the cream, milk, and 1 cup of the sugar in a medium, heavy bottom saucepan. Scrape the seeds of the vanilla bean into the cream mix and add in the bean itself. Bring to a light boil over medium high heat, watching carefully so the mixture doesnt boil over. Remove from the heat.nBeat the yolks in a mixing bowl and slowly whisk in 1 cup of the hot cream mixture. Gradually add the egg mixture back into the pot of cream. Cook over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the mixture coats the back of a spoon or reaches 170 degrees F, about 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and place in a container. Cover and place in the refrigerator to cool for about 2 to 3 hours.nPut the ice cream maker together and turn it on. Pour in the cream mixture and let churn for about 20 to 25 minutes, according to manufacturers instructions. Stir in the banana and chocolate when the ice cream is 34 of the way frozen., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, 1 pint milk, 1 14 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split, 2 egg yolks, 12 cup chopped bananas, 12 cup roughly chopped dark chocolate], title: Chocolate Banana Chunk Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 59802: {instructions: Soak 2 cups of wood chips apple, cherry or mesquite in warm water for 30 minutes. Rinse trout and pat dry. Meat side up, season fillets with above ingredients. Preheat barbeque grill on high for 5 minutes. Remove chips from water and spread onto grill rocks. Close cover. Let chips smoke well. Place fish in grill basket or directly on highest shelf, meat side up, and turn grill to low setting. Keep cover closed. Smoke about 20 minutes. Do not let fish overcook. Place fillets around lentil salad and greens. Top with lemon confit and some of its juice.nPlace lentils, bay leaf, chili pepper, basil, parsley, onion, carrot garlic and salt in 2 quarts cold water. Bring to a boil and simmer 30 minutes until moderately tender. Let cool.nDrain lentils and mix with remaining 8 ingredients. Serve over salad greens.nTrim ends of lemons, and cut each into 6 wedges. Remove seeds and outer membranes. Place in 2 cups cold water with all ingredients and bring to boil. Simmer 20 minutes until moderately soft. Let cool in syrup., ingredients: [8 boneless fillets of trout, skin on, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 14 teaspoon dried thyme, 12 teaspoon fresh chopped cilantro, Salt and pepper to taste, Lentil Salad, recipe follows, Lemon Confit, recipe follows, 1 box 1.1 pounds dried green lentils, rinsed, 1 bay leaf, 1 dried chili pepper, 1 small bundle of basil and parsley, 1 onion, peeled and split, 1 carrot, peeled and split lengthwise, 3 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed, 1 tablespoon salt, 1 roasted pepper, peeled and diced small, 1 ripe medium size tomato, medium dice, 3 green onions, trimmed and sliced thin, 1 tablespoon fresh chopped cilantro or basil, 1 cooked carrot from cooked lentils, small dice, 2 ounces olive oil, 1ounce good vinegar sherry, Salt and pepper to taste, Salad greens, 2 lemons, washed, 14 cup granulated sugar, 2 dried chili peppers, 2 star anise, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 1 bay leaf, 10 basil leaves, 1 branch fresh rosemary, 14 teaspoon salt], title: Barbeque Smoked Trout Fillets, picturelink: null}, 59803: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.nIn a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt and mix well. Cut the butter and shortening into small pieces and add to the flour mixture. Using your fingers, work the cold butter and shortening into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse crumbs. Add the egg and the buttermilk and mix into the flour mixture until it is incorporated. Turn the dough out onto a floured surface and knead gently until the dough forms a smooth ball. Place loaf on a lightly greased cookie sheet. Place the loaf in the oven and bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening, 1 egg, beaten, 1 cup buttermilk], title: Irish Soda Bread, picturelink: null}, 59804: {instructions: For the goat cheese: Using a food processor, add the goat cheese, cream and thyme leaves and pulse until smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Refrigerate until ready to use.nFor the tart tatin: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nGive the cherry tomatoes a squeeze to remove the seeds. Divide the butter among each cup on a small muffin tray. Sprinkle them with sugar. Fill each cup with cherry tomatoes, adding a layer of sundried tomatoes in the middle. Cover loosely with foil and bake for 30 minutes.nGently press down the tomatoes, molding them into the shape of the cups. Increase the temperature to 425 degrees F.nRoll the pastry out to 18inch thick. Cut out circles to fit the muffin cups, and poke them all over with a fork. Top each cup with a pastry circle, pressing to seal. Bake until golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes.nRemove and let cool for 15 minutes. Run a small knife around the rims and invert the tarts onto a plate, topping with a small spoon of the thyme whipped goat cheese., ingredients: [1 cup goat cheese, 3 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 pints cherry tomatoes, halved, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 4 teaspoons sugar, 8 sundried tomatoes, finely chopped, 8 ounces frozen puff pastry, defrosted], title: Tomato Tart Tatin with Thyme Whipped Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 59805: {instructions: Make the crust: Pulse the flour, sugar and salt in a food processor. Add 1 stick butter and pulse until combined. Add the remaining 2 sticks butter and pulse three times, or until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Add the vinegar, then gradually add 13 cup ice water through the feed tube, pulsing four times, until evenly combined. Squeeze the dough between your fingers. If it doesnt hold its shape, add up to 2 tablespoons ice water and pulse two more times the dough should still be crumbly. Turn out onto a clean surface and press into a ball divide in half, wrap in plastic wrap and flatten into two 1inchthick rectangles. Refrigerate at least 1 hour or up to 2 days.nMake the filling: Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and cook until slightly brown, 5 to 7 minutes season with salt and let cool. Slice the potatoes and apples very thinly toss in a bowl with the thyme, the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, and salt and pepper to taste.nLine an 8inch square baking dish with foil, leaving a 1inch overhang on all sides. On a floured surface, roll out one piece of dough into a 12inch square, about 18inch thick. Transfer to the prepared dish, tucking the dough into the edges and corners do not trim the overhang. Sprinkle the breadcrumbs over the dough and add the onion. Lay the mortadella on top, then sprinkle with about onethird of the cheese. Layer half of the potatoes and apples on top in a single layer Season with salt and pepper to taste, then sprinkle with another onethird of the cheese. Top with the remaining potatoes, apples season again and finish with cheese.nRoll the remaining dough into a 12inch square and place on top of the filling. Press the overhang of the two crusts together, then roll the dough under itself and pinch to make a 34inchhigh edge. Make slits in the top crust with a knife to allow steam to escape. Refrigerate 30 minutes. Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nBake the pie until golden brown, about 30 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees F, brush the crust with cream and continue baking until crisp, about 35 more minutes. Cool 25 minutes, then lift out of the pan and slice.nPhotograph by Con Poulos, ingredients: [3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 1 tablespoon sugar, 1 teaspoon fine salt, 3 sticks unsalted butter, cubed keep cold in the freezer, 1 tablespoon white or apple cider vinegar, 4 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, thinly sliced, Kosher salt, 4 large redskinned potatoes 1 12 pounds, unpeeled, 2 gala apples, unpeeled, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, leaves stripped, Freshly ground black pepper, 3 tablespoons breadcrumbs, 5 ounces mortadella or ham, thinly sliced, 10 ounces white cheddar cheese, shredded, Heavy cream, for brushing], title: CheesePotato Slab Pie, picturelink: 24RWFnLFBv6fEp43ze2wnXgTH7ltRy}, 59806: {instructions: Soak 14 cup thinly sliced red onion in cold water, 10 minutes drain. Combine 2 tablespoons sour cream, the juice of 1 lime and 12 teaspoon hot sauce in a bowl. Thinly slice 2 avocados and arrange on a platter. Top with 4 thinly sliced radishes and the onion. Drizzle with the sour cream dressing and sprinkle with chopped cilantro and crumbled cotija or feta cheese.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: AvocadoRadish Salad, picturelink: eCMVYAfM.q7nIRjiHKodOafhU6m3C}, 59807: {instructions: For the chocolate flourless cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Using a mixer, whip the yolks and half of the sugar until light and frothy. In another bowl, using a mixer, whip together the egg whites and the second half of the sugar until it comes to medium peaks. Fold the meringue into the yolk mixture gently. Fold together the cocoa powder and egg mixture. Spread onto a sheet pan lined with parchment paper. Sprinkle the nuts on top of the cake and bake just until the cake springs back, 6 to 8 minutes. Cool and store in the freezer.nFor the banana mousse: In a mixer, whip the heavy cream to soft peaks. Reserve in the fridge. In another bowl, whip the yolks until light. Combine the sugar and 1.5 ounces water in a pot and bring to a boil. Using a candy thermometer, bring the syrup to 240 degree F or soft bubble stage. Immediately add to the yolks and whip together until the mixer is cool. In a bowl, combine the puree, zest and flavorings together. Combine all the mixtures together and hold until use.nFor the raspberry fluid gel: In a pot, combine the puree and .3 ounces water and bring to a boil. In a bowl, combine the sugar and agar and add to the boiling liquid. Boil together for several seconds. Remove from the heat and pour into a container and cool completely. Once it has cooled, using a hand blender, emulsify the mixture until light and creamy in consistency. Hold until use.nTo assemble: Cut the chocolate cake into ovals or desired shapes. Slice each cake horizontally into two pieces. Top the bottom pieces with the banana mousse and raspberry fluid gel. Top with the remaining pieces of cake and freeze. Dip the cakes in the tempered chocolate and decorate as desired., ingredients: [4.1 ounces egg yolks, 5.8 ounces sugar, 5 ounces egg whites, 1.6 ounces cocoa, 2 ounces peanuts, finely ground, 2 cups heavy cream, 2.5 ounces egg yolks, 4 ounces sugar, 5 ounces banana puree, 1 lime, zested, 2 teaspoons vanilla extract, 2 teaspoons rum, 3.8 ounces raspberry puree, .4 ounces sugar, .5 teaspoons agar, Tempered chocolate, for dipping], title: Chocolate Banana Raspberry Cockroaches, picturelink: null}, 59808: {instructions: Brush asparagus with 2 tablespoons of the oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes, until just cooked through. Cut on the bias into 12inch pieces. Set aside.nUse side burner or preheat grill. Have stock simmering on grill or burner Heat the oil in a medium saucepan, add the onions and shallots and cook until soft. Add the rice and stir to coat with the oil. Add the wine and completely reduce. Begin adding the stock 1 cup at a time, stir until absorbed. Repeat with the remaining stock and continue cooking until al dente. Fold in the asparagus, corn and peas and season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat and fold in the basil. Serve with Parmesan cheese on the side., ingredients: [6 stalks asparagus, trimmed, 14 cup olive oil, divided, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 6 to 7 cups simmering vegetable stock, 1 onion, finely chopped, 2 shallot, finely chopped, 1 cup dry white wine, 2 cups arborio rice, 1 cup fresh corn kernels, 12 cup fresh peas, 8 basil leaves, chiffonade, Freshly grated Parmesan cheese], title: Grilled Risotto Primavera, picturelink: null}, 59809: {instructions: Thinly slice the squid bodies and halve the tentacles.nCombine the pure olive oil and garlic in a large skillet and cook, stirring, over mediumhigh heat until golden brown. Add the chile and squid and cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute.nTransfer the squid to a bowl and mix with the extravirgin olive oil and vinegar. Season with salt and pepper. Marinate the squid in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour or up to 3 hours.nRemove squid from the refrigerator 30 minutes before serving. Add celery leaves, parsley, and olives and mix to combine. Season with salt and pepper. Divide among plates and serve., ingredients: [2 pounds cleaned small squid, 2 tablespoons pure olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 serrano chiles, seeded and minced, 13 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sherry vinegar, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped celery leaves, 2 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh flatparsley leaves, 12 oilcured Ligurian olives, pitted and halved], title: Marinated Calamari Salad with Ligurian Olives, Celery Leaves, and Chiles, picturelink: null}, 59810: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nBring a large pot of water to a rolling boil, season with 2 tablespoons salt, and blanch the green beans for 5 minutes. Shock the green beans in a bowl filled with ice water, then remove and set aside to dry.nMelt the butter in a large castiron pan or Dutch oven over mediumhigh heat. Add the shallots and cook until lightly browned. Add the mushrooms and some salt and pepper, and cook until just softened. Add the flour and stir to coat the mushrooms and shallots. Add the chicken stock, whisking vigorously to smooth out any lumps. Whisk in the halfandhalf. Bring to a simmer and cook for 3 minutes. Check the seasoning and adjust with more salt and pepper as needed. Add the green beans, then pour the mixture into a 9by13inch baking dish.nBake for 30 minutes. Let the casserole rest for 5 minutes. Sprinkle with fried onions to lend some extra crunch. Serve., ingredients: [Salt and pepper, 1 12 pounds green beans, trimmed, 3 tablespoons butter, 2 shallots, chopped, 12 pound button mushrooms, chopped, 3 tablespoons flour, 1 cup chicken stock, 1 cup halfandhalf, 1 can fried onions], title: Homemade Green Bean Casserole, picturelink: U0yJlrYqLz70sx3aykK6rprcyHJwbS}, 59811: {instructions: Melt butter and olive oil in a saucepan, add shallots and garlic and cook over mediumlow heat until translucent. Add arborio rice and stir to coat with the butter. Add thyme bundle and white wine and allow liquid to boil. Warm chicken stock in a separate pot and add to rice 1 cup at a time, allowing the liquid to be absorbed slowly, until the rice has reached a tender yet toothsome point. Remove the thyme bundle and stir in the truffle butter, regular butter, and the chopped chervil. Serve with Gulf Shrimp Fondue. Garnish with shaved white truffles.nIn a saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil over high heat until smoking. Add shrimp heads and saute until the turn bright red. Add 2 tablespoons shallots, lemongrass, fennel seeds and stir until the mixture smells aromatic. Add sherry and reduce until pan is almost dry. Add vermouth and reduce until the pan is almost dry. Add 4 cups chopped tomato and lemon thyme and lower heat to medium, simmering for 25 minutes. Use a hand held mixer to blend the ingredients and then strain through a fine mesh sieve. Return to stove and reduce until consistency is thicker and set aside. Strain with a fine mesh sieve and reserve. In a saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil until warm. Add 1 minced shallot and garlic. When translucent, add 4 tablespoons tomatoes and cook over low heat until tomatoes are tender and most of the liquid has evaporated. Reserve. In a saucepan, heat butter until melted. Add shrimp and cook on one side only, until bright red. Remove shrimp from pan and keep warm. Add shrimp stock, stirring with a spoon to deglaze the pan. Add reserved tomato fondue and reduce heat to low. Cook until thickened. At the last minute, add butter to sauce and swirl to incorporate. Finish by adding the shrimp back to the pan, along with fines herbs. Serve alongside or on top of cooked risotto., ingredients: [1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon shallots, chopped, 1 teaspoon garlic, chopped, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 1 bunch fresh thyme, tied in a bundle, 14 cup white wine, 4 cups chicken stock, 23 cup white truffle butter, 3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup coarsely chopped chervil, Gulf Shrimp Fondue, recipe follows, 3 grams white truffles, shaved, 2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cups shrimp heads, 2 ounces lemongrass, 12 teaspoon fennel seeds, 2 tablespoons shallots, plus 1 shallot, minced, 4 cups chopped tomato, plus 4 tablespoons peeled, seeded, large dice tomatoes, 4 tablespoons dry vermouth, 14 cup sherry, Pinch of cayenne, 2 sprigs lemon thyme, Water to cover, 23 pound tailon gulf shrimp, peeled, deveined and cut in half, 3 tablespoons butter, 12 clove of garlic, crushed, 2 tablespoons fines herbs chervil, parsley, tarragon and chives], title: White Truffle and Chervil Risotto with a Fondue of Gulf Shrimp, picturelink: null}, 59812: {instructions: Whisk together the ketchup, lime juice, horseradish and chipotle puree in a small bowl, and season with salt and black pepper. Let sit at least 30 minutes before serving, ingredients: [14 cup ketchup, 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish , drained, 1 tablespoon chipotle pepper puree, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Red Pepper Cocktail Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59813: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nAdd the salt and 1 gallon water to a large pot and bring to a boil. Add the cactus and cook until it changes color, 5 to 7minutes. Strain the cactus and let rest in the refrigerator overnight.nHeat a skillet over medium heat with some oil and saute the cactus until completely dry. Reserve. In a separate pan over medium heat, start making a roux by adding the flour, butter and 12 cup oil. Cook, stirring continuously, until it smells like popcorn, 20 to 25 minutes.nPut another large pot with some oil over medium heat. Add the celery, onions and green and red peppers and cook until they start to brown, 5 to 10 minutes. Add the garlic and cook for 2 minutes more. Add the roux, chicken stock, garam masala, Cajun seasoning and curry powder and stir to combine. Bring to a simmer and cook until thickened. Add the chicken, pork and reserved cactus and simmer on low heat until the flavors have melded, at least 1 hour, before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons kosher salt, 2 pounds cactus, cleaned and sliced, 12 cup olive oil blend, plus more for sauteing, 3 cups allpurpose flour, 12 pound 2 sticks unsalted butter, 1 12 cups diced celery, 1 12 cups diced onions, 1 12 cups diced green peppers, 1 12 cups diced red peppers, 1 clove garlic, chopped, 2 quarts chicken stock, 1 tablespoon garam marsala, 1 12 teaspoons Cajun seasoning, 1 12 teaspoons curry powder, 2 cups chopped, raw white meat chicken 2 to 3 pounds, 2 cups cooked shredded pork], title: Gumbo, picturelink: ppQtizGQCzcO3wl51zdWMh8ELK0XnLq}, 59814: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nButter an 8 by 8inch baking pan.nTo make the bread pudding. Put the brioche in a large bowl. In a medium bowl, whisk egg, yolks, and sugar until combined. Add milk, butter, brandy, and melted chocolate and whisk until combined. Pour mixture over cut brioche and let rest for 5 minutes. Add chopped chocolate, 14 of the marshmallows, and toasted pecans and stir gently to mix. Pour into buttered pan and cover aluminum foil. Put in a large roasting pan and place in oven. Pour hot water into the pan until pan is 12 full. Bake for 30 minutes. Remove foil and bake 15 minutes more, or until an inserted toothpick or knife is removed clean.nTo make the marshmallow sauce. In a small pot, add 14 cup of water, bring to a boil, and add remaining marshmallows. Stir constantly until melted. To serve, cut a 12inch square of bread pudding and garnish with some sauce. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 loaf brioche, cut into large cubes, 8 large egg yolks, 8 large eggs, 1 12 cups sugar, 2 quart whole milk, 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, 2 tablespoons brandy, 6 ounces bittersweet chocolate, melted, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 1 pound marshmallows, 2 ounces pecans, toasted], title: Rocky Road Bread Pudding With Marshmallow Sauce, picturelink: zfUmT5FeqqdmAadCVTDDeY4Ujcdb64e}, 59815: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Generously brush 1 tablespoon oil on 1 large cookie sheet or 2 small cookie sheets.nCut waxed paper or cooking parchment paper into 16 6inch square sheets. Sprinkle about 1 12 teaspoons pecans on 1 sheet of parchment. Place 1 orange roll on pecans sprinkle 1 12 teaspoons pecans on top of roll. Top with another waxed paper square. Using rolling pin, roll evenly until orange roll is 4 12 inches in diameter remove waxed paper. Place roll on cookie sheet. Repeat with remaining rolls, placing 1 inch apart on cookie sheet. Set icing aside.nBake 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown.nMeanwhile, in 10inch skillet, melt butter over mediumhigh heat. Add bananas, lime juice and pineapple cook 1 minute, stirring frequently. Reduce heat to mediumlow. Gently stir in pineapple topping cook 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until warmed. Gently stir in orange segments.nIn medium bowl, beat whipping cream and icing with electric mixer on high speed until soft peaks form. To serve, top flatcakes with warm pineapple topping and orange cream.nHigh altitude 35006500 ft: No change.nrCRISCO is a trademark of The J.M. Smucker CompanynFisher is a registered trademark of John B. Sanfilippo and Son, Inc. Elk Grove Village, IL 600076057 U.S.A.nrLand O Lakes is a registered trademark of Land O Lakes, Inc.nrtm Smuckers, Smuckers Squeeze and Smuckers Sundae Syrups are trademarks of The J.M. Smucker Company, ingredients: [1 tablespoon CRISCOr Pure Vegetable Oil, 12 cup Fisherr Chefs Naturalsr Pecan Chips, 1 can 13.9 oz Pillsburyr refrigerated orange flavor sweet rolls with icing 8 rolls, 2 tablespoons LAND O LAKESr Butter, 2 firm ripe medium bananas, sliced 2 cups, 2 tablespoons lime juice, 1 cup fresh or canned, drained, pineapple tidbits, 1 can 15 oz Mandarin orange segments in light syrup, drained, 1 jar 12 oz SMUCKERSr Pineapple Ice Cream Topping, 1 14 cups whipping cream, Icing from can of sweet rolls], title: Tropical Sunshine Flatcakes with Orange Cream, picturelink: null}, 59816: {instructions: To make the chipotle taco meat, in a large skillet, heat the oil over mediumlow heat. Add the beef and onion and cook, stirring occasionally, until the beef is lightly browned and the onion is translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the gar lic and cook for 30 seconds more. Add the tomato, chili powder, cumin, oreg ano, cayenne, and chipotle chile. Stir until the spices are well distributed, turn down the heat, and simmer for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Stir in the masa harina until well combined, then taste and adjust the seasonings. Add salt and black pepper to taste. Stir in the lime juice and remove from the heat.nTo make the guacamole, mash the avocado until smooth. Stir in the jalapeno, cilantro, garlic, cumin, and lime juice. Adjust seasonings and add salt to taste.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nTo make the nachos, pour 12 inch of oil into a heavy skillet and heat to 350 degrees F. If you dont have a candy thermometer, after 5 minutes of heating, you can stick a wooden spoon into the oil to see if its ready. If the oil bubbles around the spoon, it should be hot enough. In batches, fry the tortillas for 1 minute, until golden brown, turning once. Drain on a paper towel and sprinkle lightly with salt.nPlace the chips close together but not overlapping on a baking sheet or castiron skillet, and top each with 1 teaspoon refried beans, 2 tablespoons chipotle taco meat, and 2 tablespoons cheddar cheese.nBake for 5 minutes, or until the cheese is melted. After removing the nachos from the oven, top each with 1 tablespoon guacamole, 1 tablespoon sour cream, and 1 pickled jalapeno slice. Serve warm, with salsa on the side., ingredients: [1 teaspoon vegetable oil, 1 pound ground beef, 12 yellow onion, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 ripe plum tomato about 2 ounces, seeded, cored, and diced, 1 tablespoon chili powder, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 14 teaspoon cayenne, 1 canned chipotle chile in adobo, minced, or 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder, 1 teaspoon masa harina or cornmeal, Salt and black pepper, 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice, 1 avocado, peeled and pitted, 1 jalapeno, stemmed, seeded, and finely diced, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro, 1 clove garlic, minced, Pinch of ground cumin, 1 teaspoon fresh lime juice, Salt, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 corn tortillas, quartered, Salt, 13 cup refried beans, 2 cups 8 ounces shredded cheddar cheese, 1 cup sour cream, 2 whole pickled jalapenos, cut into 16 slices, Homemade or storebought salsa, for serving], title: Crazy Nachos, picturelink: mDJF3mdyJtA7Ke0CJp0p3zLJOSYfq}, 59817: {instructions: Special equipment: a doughnut cutternFor the doughnuts: In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a dough hook, add 3 cups of the flour, the sugar, yeast, lemon zest and orange zest, and mix for a couple seconds. In a small bowl, mix the milk, vanilla and eggs, and set aside. Turn the mixer on and alternate adding the milk mixture with the melted butter, scraping down the sides. Repeat for the remaining milk and butter, until it is all incorporated, then add the salt in. When you finish adding in all the liquids, the dough will be a little wet. Slowly sprinkle in the remaining 14 cup flour until the dough comes together and leaves the sides of the mixing bowl almost clean. If it reaches this stage before adding in the full 14 cup, do not add in the rest. Turn the dough out and knead it on a floured surface until the dough is soft and comes together, 1 minute. Place the dough in a bowl with a little oil and cover with a damp cloth. Store in a warm place to proof until it doubles in size, 1 to 2 hours.nRoll the dough out to 12 to 1inch thick and cut into doughnut shapes. Place the doughnuts on a floured tray and cover with a damp cloth, let rise for another 30 to 40 minutes.nWhile the dough is rising, heat the oil over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 350 degrees F. When the dough is fluffy and doubles in size, place it in the fryer for 2 minutes on each side. Take out the doughnuts and cool on a cooling rack.nWhile the doughnuts are cooling, make the glaze.nFor the glaze: Sift the confectioners sugar through a sifter into a bowl. Add the cream, rose water and a few drops food coloring if using, and mix. Set aside until the doughnuts are ready to be glazed.nWhen the doughnuts are cool, place a tray underneath the cooling rack and then dunk the doughnuts in the icing for a nice thick layer. Sprinkle with a dusting of the ground pistachios then place on the rack to set., ingredients: [3 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 12 cup sugar, 3 teaspoons instant yeast, 1 lemon, zested, 1 orange, zested, 13 cup plus 4 tablespoons whole milk, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 eggs, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 1 teaspoon salt, Oil, for frying, 2 cups confectioners sugar, sifted, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 1 tablespoon rose water, orange blossom water or vanilla extract, Red food coloring, for coloring, optional, 12 cup pistachios, finely ground], title: PistachioDusted RoseGlazed Yeast Doughnuts, picturelink: null}, 59818: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a medium mixing bowl combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Make a well in the center of the flour mixture. Add milk, oil, egg yolks, and vanilla. Beat with an electric mixer on low to medium speed until combined. Beat an additional 3 minutes on high speed and set aside.nIn a large mixing bowl, beat egg whites and cream of tartar on medium to high speed until soft peaks form. Pour the egg yolk mixture over the egg white mixture and fold in. Gently pour the batter into a 9inch greased pie pan. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until the top springs back when lightly touched. Invert the pan onto a wire rack. Cool completely.nPastry Cream Filling: In a medium saucepan, heat the milk and vanilla bean to a boil over medium heat. Immediately turn off the heat and set aside to infuse for 10 to 15 minutes. In a bowl, whisk the egg yolks and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Add the cornstarch and whisk vigorously until no lumps remain. Whisk in 14 cup of the hot milk mixture until incorporated. Whisk in the remaining hot milk mixture, reserving the empty saucepan.nPour the mixture through a strainer back into the saucepan. Cook over mediumhigh heat, whisking constantly, until thickened and slowly boiling. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter. Let cool slightly. Cover with plastic wrap, lightly pressing the plastic against the surface to prevent a skin from forming. Chill at least 2 hours or until ready to serve. The custard can be made up to 24 hours in advance. Refrigerate until 1 hour before using.nGanache: In a medium bowl, pour the boiling cream over the chopped chocolate and stir until melted.nTo assemble pie, remove the cake from the pan. Cut the cake in half horizontally. Place bottom layer on a serving plate or board, and spread with the pastry cream. Top with second cake layer. Pour chocolate ganache over and down the sides of the cake. Store in refrigerator., ingredients: [1 cup heavy cream, boiling, 1 cup plus 2 tablespoons sifted cake flour, 23 cup sugar, 1 12 teaspoons baking powder, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 cup milk, 14 cup cooking oil, 2 egg yolks, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 2 egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Pastry cream, recipe follows, Ganache, recipe follows, 2 cups whole, 2 percent fat, or 1 percent fat milk, 12 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, seeds scraped out, 6 egg yolks, 23 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cornstarch, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 8 ounces semisweet chocolate], title: Boston Cream Pie, picturelink: 6TqRFWpMRADRcSmSYBzqZ9F4dgjpclK}, 59819: {instructions: Goat cheese: Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper. Set aside.nUsing a fork, in a small bowl, combine the goat cheese and basil until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Using a 12ounce cookie scoop or a round tablespoon measure sprayed with vegetable oil cooking spray, scoop the goat cheese into balls and arrange on the prepared baking sheet. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.nSoup: In a Dutch oven or large saucepan, heat the butter over medium heat. Add the leeks and cook, stirring constantly until softened, about 3 to 4 minutes. Add the broth, asparagus and basil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Increase the heat to high and bring the mixture to a boil. Reduce to a simmer and cook until the asparagus is tender, about 15 minutes. Using an immersion blender, blend the soup until smooth. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Keep the soup warm over low heat.nTo serve: Ladle the soup into shallow bowls and garnish with the herbed goat cheese.nCooks Note: The soup can also be pureed by ladling, in batches, into a food processor or blender and blended until smooth., ingredients: [12 cup 4 ounces goat cheese, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Vegetable oil cooking spray, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 large leek white and light green part only, thinly sliced, 4 cups lowsodium chicken broth, 2 pounds medium asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1inch pieces, 12 cup chopped fresh basil leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, Special equipment: a 12ounce cookie or ice cream scoop], title: Asparagus Soup with Herbed Goat Cheese, picturelink: null}, 59820: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the cream cheese, salsa and onions until fully combined. Spread the tortillas with the mixture, leaving a 12inch edge. Top each with bacon and ham, then roll into tight cylinders and wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for at least one hour. Remove from fridge, discard the plastic wrap and cut each roll into 1inch pieces, discarding the uneven ends or eating them while preparing, like I did. Each roll should yield eight pieces. If you like, before cutting, stick toothpicks in the rolls at 1inch intervals it makes serving a snap., ingredients: [Two 8ounce packages cream cheese, softened, 4 ounces jarred salsa hot, 4 green onions, finely sliced, 4 large flour tortillas, 10 slices bacon, cut into small pieces and cooked till crisp, 16 thin slices deli ham], title: Cream Cheese Rollups aka Redneck Sushi, picturelink: qP2k4DWmCSYOwd7895dSGBVWmLlU0Ne}, 59821: {instructions: To prepare the roast:nLine a broiler or roasting pan with aluminum foil. Place the beef on the foil and set aside.nPreheat the oven to 325 degrees F.nIn a food processor, combine the cilantro, garlic, celery seed, salt, and pepper. Puree until the mixture is a smooth paste. Rub the cilantrogarlic paste all over the roast, covering it completely. Allow the roast to marinate for at least 10 minutes to 1 hour to absorb the flavors.nRoast the beef for about 1 12 hours for rare or until an instantread thermometer registers 125 degrees F. when inserted into the center. Cook for an additional 10 minutes for mediumrare or 20 minutes for medium doneness. Remove the roast from the oven and let rest for 10 minutes before slicing to allow the juices to settle. While the roast rests, make the pesto.nTo prepare the pesto:nIn a food processor, combine the cilantro, pine nuts, garlic, horseradish, and salt. Puree until well combined. With the motor running, drizzle in 14 cup of oil. Process until smooth. Add additional oil, if needed, until a drizzling consistency is reached.nTo serve: Using a sharp knife, thinly slice the roast beef. Put a few slices of roast beef on the bottom of each sandwich roll. Drizzle the cilantro pesto directly on the beef., ingredients: [2 cups fresh cilantro leaves, 6 garlic cloves, smashed, 1 teaspoon celery seed, 2 teaspoons coarse salt, plus more to taste, 12 teaspoon freshly grated black pepper, 1 3pound boneless rump roast, trimmed, 1 bunch fresh cilantro, leaves coarsely chopped, 14 cup pine nuts, lightly toasted, 3 garlic cloves, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon prepared grated horseradish, 12 teaspoon coarse salt, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more if needed, 4 Kaiser or other crusty sandwich rolls], title: CilantroCrusted Roast Beef Sandwiches with CilantroHorseradish Pesto, picturelink: enoSPIumrtRCq5ndNiVEgXCyH63Ce}, 59822: {instructions: Trim and remove all silver skin and fat from the beef. Rub meat with the olive oil and then splash with sherry. Continuing to rub beef, then sprinkle the steak seasoning all over the meat. Cover beef on all sides with the fresh herbs, rubbing to coat.nPlace meat in a shallow pan and allow to rest for 30 minutes. Turn and pat beef with the marinade that has collected in the pan. Allow to rest for an additional 30 minutes.nHeat the grill to 500 degrees F.nWith an 8inch knife, carefully pierce the meat in the center of 1 end. Cut a hole through that side as far into the fillet as the knife will allow. Turn to the other end and repeat this process, until the hole extends all the way through the fillet. Open the hole like a tunnel, being careful not to break through to the outside of the fillet. Using only small amounts at a time, stuff the cooled Spinach Stuffing into the opening from 1 end to the other.nReduce grill temperature to 400 degrees F.nPlace the stuffed beef tenderloin on the grill and, turning every 5 to 7 minutes to avoid burning the herbs, cook to an internal temperature of 110 to 120 degrees F. Cooking time for a mediumrare tenderloin is approximately 20 minutes.nOnce the tenderloin is cooked to your liking and removed from the grill, allow to rest for 10 minutes. Slice into 12 to 1inch medallions. If desired, serve on a bed of roasted marinated red and yellow peppers with a green salad of your choice tossed in Maple Balsamic Vinaigrette.nSpinach Stuffing:nHeat oil in a saute pan over high heat. Add frozen spinach, garlic, and red pepper flakes, and saute over high heat until the spinach has lost its moisture and is heated through, approximately 3 to 5 minutes. Add sherry and cook for 2 minutes. Add bread crumbs and Romano cheese. Cook for 1 to 2 minutes, until the ingredients combine into a softtextured stuffing. If the stuffing seems too dry, add some additional sherry. If the stuffing seems too wet, add more bread crumbs.nRemove from heat and add salt and pepper, to taste. Add all fresh herbs and mix gently. Allow to cool before stuffing into tenderloin.nMix the mustard with the vinegars. Add the oil and combine well. Add all the dry seasonings and mix together. Add the maple syrup and stir until combined., ingredients: [1 3 to 5 pound beef tenderloin, buttend or tailend cut, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup cream sherry, 2 tablespoons steak seasoning recommended: McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning, 12 cup chopped fresh basil, 12 cup chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, 14 cup chopped fresh chives, 3 sprigs fresh rosemary leaves, 3 sprigs fresh thyme leaves, Spinach Stuffing, recipe follows, Serving Suggestion: Marinated and roasted red and yellow peppers, and green salad with Maple Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound frozen chopped spinach, 4 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 to 2 teaspoons red pepper flakes, 12 cup sweet sherry, 1 cup fresh bread crumbs, 12 cup grated Romano cheese, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh basil leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped fresh thyme leaves, 1 cup Dijon mustard, 13 gallon balsamic vinegar, 14 gallon white vinegar, 1 12 gallons 10 percent salad oil, 14 cup dried basil, 1 12 tablespoons freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 tablespoons kosher salt, 14 gallon maple syrup], title: Shaker HerbMarinated, SpinachStuffed Whole Beef Tenderloin, picturelink: 1k.ywifka5nr8c0C08S0zkdOzBnTTvu}, 59823: {instructions: Combine the flour, milk and 14 teaspoon salt in a food processor. Pulse until the dough forms into a ball.nRoll out the dough on a floured board and cut into 2 12 by 2 12inch squares. Drop about 2 teaspoons of mashed potato in the center of a dough square. Dip a finger in water, run it around the edge of the square, fold the potato inside and pinch the edges to seal. Repeat with the remaining dough and potato filling. Place the finished pierogies onto floured sheet pans.nBring a large pot of salted water to a rolling boil and drop the pierogies in. When they all float to the top, they are done, 3 to 4 minutes. Strain and place in a bowl.nWhile the pierogies are cooking, in large skillet over medium heat, melt the butter. Add the onions and saute until medium brown, 6 to 8 minutes. Pour over the pierogies, gently toss and serve., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 34 cup milk soy or whole, Kosher salt, 2 cups mashed potatoes white or sweet, 1 stick butter or margarine, 1 small onion, chopped], title: Pierogies, picturelink: tLQCGYgtyISqoSH35GUMD4UZNnqofW6}, 59824: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nToss the oats, coconut, and almonds together in a large bowl. Whisk together the oil and honey in a small bowl. Pour the liquids over the oat mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until all the oats and nuts are coated. Pour onto a 13 by 18 by 1inch sheet pan. Bake, stirring occasionally with a spatula, until the mixture turns a nice, even, golden brown, about 45 minutes.nRemove the granola from the oven and allow to cool, stirring occasionally. Add the apricots, figs, cherries, cranberries, and cashews. Store the cooled granola in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 cups oldfashioned rolled oats, 2 cups sweetened shredded coconut, 2 cups sliced almonds, 34 cup vegetable oil, 12 cup good honey, 1 12 cups small diced dried apricots, 1 cup small diced dried figs, 1 cup dried cherries, 1 cup dried cranberries, 1 cup roasted, unsalted cashews], title: Homemade Granola, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 59825: {instructions: Cook beets in water to cover until tender, about 40 to 45 minutes. Drain the beets and set aside to cool.nFor the dressing, whisk together olive oil, shallot, half the lemon juice, the thyme, salt and pepper. Set aside.nWhile the beets are cooling, wash the watercress and trim the thicker stems from the leaves. Spread the trimmed watercress out over some paper towels to dry.nWhen the beets are cool enough to handle, use a paring knife to peel off the beets skins, they should come off very easily.nCut the beets into quarters lengthwise and then those pieces in half crosswise.nPlace the beets and watercress in separate bowls. Divide the dressing between the 2 bowls. Toss the watercress and beets until evenly coated with the dressing.nSpread the watercress out on a serving platter to make a bed for the beets. Crumble the cold cheese into the beets and toss gently. Spread the beets over the bed of watercress and sprinkle with remaining lemon juice. Serve immediately., ingredients: [8 medium or 12 small beets, 13 cup olive oil, 1 large shallot, finely chopped, Juice of 1 lemon, Leaves from about 10 sprigs thyme, 3 good pinches salt, 10 grinds fresh black pepper, 1 large bunch watercress, 4 tablespoons cold goat cheese], title: Beet Salad with Goat Cheese, Watercress and Shallot Thyme Dressing, picturelink: null}, 59826: {instructions: In a large bowl proof the yeast with the sugar in 13 cup lukewarm water for 10 minutes, or until it is foamy. Stir in an additional 13 cup lukewarm water, oil, 2 cups flour, and salt and blend mixture until it forms a dough. Knead the dough on a floured surface, incorporating as much of the remaining 14 cup flour as necessary to prevent the dough from sticking, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is smooth and elastic.nAlternatively, the dough may be made in a food processor. Proof the yeast as described above and in a food processor combine it with the remaining ingredients. Process the mixture until it forms a ball, adding more water, 1 teaspoon at a time, if it is too dry, or more flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, if it is too wet, and knead the dough by processing it for 15 seconds.nPut the dough, prepared by either method, in an oiled bowl and turn it to coat it with the oil. Let the dough rise, covered with plastic wrap, in a warm place for 1 hour, or until it is double in bulk, and punch it down. The dough is now ready to be formed into pizzas., ingredients: [14 ounce package 2 12 teaspoons active dry yeast, 12 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 to 2 14 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 teaspoon salt], title: Pizza Dough, picturelink: null}, 59827: {instructions: In a small bowl, combine the chiles julienne and the vinegar and leave to soak for 1 hour. Meanwhile, in a small heavy skillet heat the oil over medium heat. Add the onion and saute, stirring occasionally, for 6 to 7 minutes, or until translucent. Add the garlic and the cumin and cook for about 2 minutes more, until the garlic has released its aroma. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature. In a large bowl, combine the vinegar and chile mixture, the salt, pepper, and egg yolks. With a balloon whisk, whisk together until completely smooth, then continue whisking as you drizzle in the olive oil, very slowly at first, whisking until all the oil is absorbed and the mayonnaise is emulsified. Transfer to a bowl and stir in the oniongarlic mixture. Cover and refrigerate if not using right away, for up to 1 week., ingredients: [4 ancho chiles, wiped clean, toasted see Note stemmed, seeded, and finely chopped, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 12 small onion, finely chopped, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large egg yolks, 1 14 cups olive oil], title: Ancho Chile Mayonnaise, picturelink: null}, 59828: {instructions: Place root beer in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Reduce the root beer by 12, to a syrupy consistency, and set aside.nPreheat a grill. Lightly oil and season the chicken breasts. Grill the chicken until cooked through and the juices run clear, about 4 to 5 minutes per side.nTo make rice, bring the water to a boil, add the rice and add Hoboken Eddies sauces to the rice. Add the cinnamon and allspice, mix well, cover, and allow to cook for 20 minutes.nSlice the bananas and saute them in the butter for approximately 3 minutes.nTo serve, place a spoonful of rice on each plate, top with a chicken breast, and drizzle some of the root beer glaze on top of the chicken. Top the chicken with a thin slice of Scotch bonnet pepper and serve with banana slices., ingredients: [2 12ounce bottles root beer, 2 tablespoons oil, Salt and pepper, 4 6ounce boneless chicken breast, Jamaican Jerk rice:, 8 cups water, 4 cups white rice, 4 tablespoons Jalapeno sauce recommended: Hoboken Eddies Mean Green Sauce, 4 tablespoons Teriyaki with Wasabi and Ginger Sauce recommended: Hoboken Eddies Hukilau Hanna Sauce, 4 tablespoons hot red pepper sauce recommended: Hoboken Eddies Hot Sauce, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 12 teaspoon allspice, 4 bananas, peeled and sliced into 14inch thick rounds, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 Scotch bonnet pepper, seeded and thinly sliced], title: Hoboken Eddies Root Beer Chicken, picturelink: 7jNf5lpaSjh7seTsOyk6zDJVeXBxzS}, 59829: {instructions: COMBINE sweetened condensed milk, cocoa, vanilla and salt in large saucepan over medium heat mix well.nSTIR in water slowly heat through, stirring occasionally do not boil. Top with marshmallows, if desired.nMICROWAVE METHODnCOMBINE all ingredients except marshmallows in 2quart glass measure. Microwave on HIGH 100 power 8 to 10 minutes, stirring every 3 minutes. Top with marshmallows, if desired., ingredients: [1 14 oz. can Eagle Brandu00ae Sweetened Condensed Milk, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa, 1 12 tsps. vanilla extract, 18 tsp. salt, 6 12 cups hot water, Mini marshmallows optional], title: Creamy Hot Chocolate, picturelink: null}, 59830: {instructions: Measure 34 cup rum, 34 cup brandy, 2 cups wine, and 2 cups Sprite, and pour all into pitcher over ice and stir with a long wooden spoon. Dice a few pieces of apple, remove a few grapes, both green and purple, from stems and cut in 12, and dice a few pieces each of lemon and lime. Add diced fruit to pitcher and stir once more. Pour Sangria into tulip glasses., ingredients: [1 pint bottle rum, 1 pint bottle Spanish brandy, 1 bottle rose wine, 2 liters Sprite, Clearcolored large pitcher filled halfway with ice cubes, Apple slices, Grapes, Lemon slices, Lime slices], title: Rose Sangria, picturelink: bvIag4dEGmUd1y.R73Tja7a2CgTKu2a}, 59831: {instructions: Fill a large bowl with ice and water set aside. Bring 2 inches of water to a boil in a large stockpot. Steam lobsters for 10 minutes transfer to ice bath until cool. Break off claws and tails use bodies to make a stock, or discard. Split tail lengthwise with a sharp knife remove meat. Slice tail into bitesize pieces. Remove claws from shells, keeping whole if possible. Chill lobster meat.nCut ends off grapefruit remove peel, pith, and outer membranes. Lift sections away from the membranes, and reserve. Squeeze 12 cup juice from the membranes into a bowl for dressing.nPlace shallots, mustard, vinegar, juice, and lemon basil in a bowl season with salt and pepper. Whisk to combine. Gradually whisk in olive oil adjust seasoning.nCut avocados into 12inchthick wedges coat with a little grapefruit juice to prevent discoloration. Add lobster, grapefruit, and hearts of palm. Line dishes with Bibb lettuce leaves. Tear remaining lettuce into bitesize pieces add to lobster mixture. Drizzle with dressing toss. Fill lettuce leaves with salad garnish with lemon basil., ingredients: [4 1 14pound lobsters, 2 rubyred or pink grapefruits, 1 tablespoon finely minced shallots, 1 14 teaspoons Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons whitewine vinegar, 1 tablespoon freshly chopped lemon basil or regular basil, plus leaves for garnish, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 avocados, peeled and pitted, 4 hearts of palm, cut in 12inch thick rounds, 1 large head Boston lettuce 8 ounces, well washed and dried], title: Lobster Salad, picturelink: HGWjhDU0w.oUgsqocHhIckJWVZQ3GT6}, 59832: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large bowl, mix together all the slaw ingredients. Allow to sit in refrigerator for 30 minutes before serving. Serve alone or on top of sandwiches., ingredients: [1 16ounce package shredded cole slaw mix, 12 red onion, thinly sliced, 2 green onion, thinly sliced, 1 red jalapenos, seeded and thinly sliced, 34 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons sour cream, 2 tablespoons white vinegar, 2 tablespoons sugar, Several dashes hot sauce, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, Pinch cayenne pepper, 14 teaspoon celery salt, Pinch kosher salt], title: Kicked Up Cole Slaw, picturelink: JeVoY3uHii4E35WoooyrATXurn1drW}, 59833: {instructions: Make the sauce: Bring 14 cup water, the brown sugar and salt to a boil in a small saucepan, stirring until the sugar dissolves. Whisk in the cocoa powder until smooth. Remove from the heat and stir in the butter and vanilla. You can refrigerate the sauce, covered, up to 3 days reheat before serving.nMake the sopaipillas: Heat 12 inch vegetable oil in a large deep skillet until a deepfry thermometer registers 350 degrees F. Working in batches, fry the tortillas, turning once, until bubbly and golden on both sides, 1 to 2 minutes per batch. Return the oil to 350 degrees F between batches. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and sprinkle both sides generously with granulated sugar. Drizzle with the chocolate sauce.nPhotograph by Yunhee Kim, ingredients: [12 cup packed light brown sugar, Pinch of kosher salt, 12 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 12 teaspoon vanilla extract, Vegetable oil, for frying, 4 8to10inch flour tortillas, cut into wedges or strips, Granulated sugar, for coating], title: Sopaipillas With Chocolate Sauce, picturelink: onJFt78gH9XO7HReiqAzHaBYG4srrW}, 59834: {instructions: For the beginners pie crust: Combine the flour and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with the blade attachment. Add the butter and vegetable shortening and process until the mixture resembles coarse meal, 8 to 10 seconds. With the processor on pulse, add enough of the ice water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough holds together without being sticky or crumbly. Shape the dough into a disk and wrap in plastic wrap. Chill until firm and the moisture has distributed evenly, about 30 minutes.nFlour a clean work surface and a rolling pin. Place the dough disk in the center of the floured surface. Starting in the center of the dough, roll to, but not over, the upper edge of the dough. Return to the center, and roll down to, but not over, the lower edge. Lift the dough, give it a quarter turn and lay it on the work surface. Continue rolling, repeating the quarter turns, until you have a disk about 18 inch thick.nEase the pastry into a 9inch pie plate. Trim 1 inch larger than the diameter of the pie plate fold the overhanging pastry under itself along the rim of the plate. For a simple decorative edge, press the tines of a fork around the folded pastry. To make a fluted edge, using both your finger and thumb, pinch and crimp the folded dough. Chill until firm, about 30 minutes.nTo blindbake the crust, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.nCrumple a piece of parchment paper, and then lay it out flat over the bottom of the pastry. Weight the paper with pie weights, dried beans or uncooked rice this will keep the unfilled pie crust from puffing up in the oven. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove from the oven and remove the paper and weights. You can reuse the rice or beans for blindbaking a number of times. Return to the oven and bake the empty shell until a deep golden brown, about 10 more minutes for 30 minutes total.nFor the filling and meringue: While the pie crust is warm, brush the bottom with the melted chocolate and set aside.nIn a saucepan, combine 1 cup of the milk and the granulated sugar. In a bowl, combine the remaining 1 cup of milk, the cocoa powder and flour and whisk thoroughly to combine. Heat the saucepan with the milksugar mixture over mediumhigh heat until simmering. Slowly add the milkflour mixture and stir to combine. Bring to a boil. Add the egg yolks, whisking constantly, and heat until it returns to a boil. Once the mixture comes to a boil, immediately add the vanilla and remove it from the heat. Pour the mixture into the baked pie crust. Set aside to cool completely and set, about 2 hours at room temperature or 1 hour refrigerated.nPreheat the oven to 500 degrees F.nTo make the meringue topping, place the egg whites in a nonreactive bowl with a pinch of salt. Add the cream of tartar and, using a handheld mixer, whisk on high speed until foamy. Sift over the confectioners sugar a little at a time and whisk until the whites are glossy and hold stiff peaks when the whisk is lifted.nTo finish the pie, spoon the meringue over the pie, making sure it touches the edges of the pie crust. Bake until golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes. Using a serrated knife, cut the pie into wedges and serve., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for rolling, 12 teaspoon fine sea salt, 4 tablespoons 12 stick unsalted butter, chilled and cut into pieces, 14 cup solid vegetable shortening, chilled and cut into pieces, 3 to 8 tablespoons ice water, 2 ounces semisweet chocolate, melted, 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup granulated sugar, 14 cup cocoa powder, 3 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 large eggs, separated, 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of fine sea salt, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 14 cup confectioners sugar, sifted], title: Chocolate Meringue Pie, picturelink: lWGODrIYZUZT8jkF5Cb6nrm.XU3Mj1y}, 59835: {instructions: Combine the pork, cabbage, cayenne pepper, garlic, gingersnap cookies, and soy sauce in a bowl. Form mixture into patties. Heat a large, nonstick skillet over medium high heat. Add wok or vegetable oil to the pan. Cook patties 7 minutes on each side.nHeat tortillas on a nonstick surface over high heat for 30 seconds on each side. Paint the tortillas with hoisin sauce, leaving a 1inch rim from edge. Pile shredded mixed veggies in center of tortilla and top with cooked pork patty. Fold the tortilla up on all four sides and wrap burger in a square package. Invert pork pocket and cut on diagonal. Serve pockets with jasmine rice sundaes and cucumber salad.nScoop prepared jasmine rice onto dinner plates using an ice cream scoop. Top with duck sauce and toasted sesame seed sprinkles. This is a great use for those packets of leftover duck sauce that clutter up your junk drawers in the kitchen and kids love the look of the technique.nSpread cucumber slices in a thin layer on doubleply paper towels. Roll paper towels up to squeeze water from sliced cucumbers. Transfer sliced cucumbers to a bowl and toss with sliced peppers.nCombine remaining ingredients in a small plastic container and shake until sugar dissolves, about 1 minute. Pour the dressing over the cucumbers, toss, and serve., ingredients: [1 pound ground pork, 2 cups shredded cabbage 12 a 16ounce package cole slaw mix, A few pinches ground cayenne pepper, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 8 gingersnap cookies, ground in food processor, 14 cup aged tamari soy sauce, 1 tablespoon 1 turn around the pan in a slow drizzle wok or vegetable oil, 6 large 12inch flour tortillas, 1 cup hoisin sauce, Shred up a pile of your favorite raw vegetables or, 2 cups shredded cabbage, Shredded carrots, Fresh bean sprouts, Thinly sliced scallions, Cooked jasmine rice, Water, Salt, Duck sauce, Toasted sesame seeds, 1 European seedless cucumber or 2 Kirby cucumbers, thinly sliced, 1 small red bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, 14 cup rice wine vinegar or white distilled vinegar, 2 rounded teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce], title: Moo Shu Pork Pockets, picturelink: wH1MKRMdQg6mIyddrzOTqTDAbmFKyVy}, 59836: {}, 59837: {instructions: In a saute pan set over medium heat, cook the bacon until crispy. Add the onions and cook in the bacon fat until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add the Brussels sprouts and cook for 7 to 10 minutes. Add the kale, thyme and apples and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and then serve., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, medium dice, 12 cup sliced onions, 1 pound Brussels sprouts, quartered, 2 cups thinly sliced kale, 1 tablespoon chopped thyme, 2 Gala apples, shredded, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Brussels Sprouts with Kale and Apples, picturelink: null}, 59838: {instructions: Heat a medium heavybottomed pan over high heat. Add the butter, onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent and soft.nTurn the heat down to medium, add the salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper and chipotle peppers and cook for 5 minutes.nAdd the ketchup, 34 cup water, brown sugar, lemon juice, red wine vinegar, liquid smoke, yellow mustard and Worcestershire sauce and cook for 15 minutes.nWith a hand mixer, blend the sauce until smooth. There will be some lumpiness from the onions and garlic, and if you like, strain these out through a sieve. Otherwise, simmer the sauce on low for another 15 minutes.nRemove and cool. Store in a plastic container in the fridge for up to 1 month., ingredients: [12 stick 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cubed, 1 medium yellow onion, roughly chopped, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 3 chipotle peppers in adobo, 1 cup ketchup, 13 cup brown sugar, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 12 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 12 tablespoon liquid smoke, 1 12 teaspoons yellow mustard, 12 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce], title: The Sink Chipotle BBQ, picturelink: xozwN3OkOCJflwtSw0yakv1bGEWZ4sm}, 59839: {instructions: Cover the porcinis with hot or room temp water and allow to sit for 30 minutes. Remove from the liquid with a slotted spoon before dicing into small pieces.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nToss the chanterelles with olive oil and season with salt. Put on a sheet tray and roast in the oven until golden brown, about 15 minutes. Reserve for garnish.nTo a saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add the guanciale and render until crispy. Transfer the guanciale with a slotted spoon onto a paper towellined plate. To the guanciale fat in the pan, add the sage leaves and fry until crispy, about 30 seconds. Season the sage leaves with salt. Crumble the sage and set aside. Reserve the guanciale and sage for garnish.nIn a medium bowl, combine the ricotta, Parmigiano, parsley, 2 whole eggs and the diced porcinis mix well and season with salt.nDust a clean work surface lightly with allpurpose flour and lay out 2 sheets at least 12 inches long of the rolled Chef Annes AllPurpose Pasta Dough brush them lightly with water. Equally space 4 dollops of the ricotta mixture on each pasta sheet, then use a spoon to make a nest or small hole in the center of each dollop. Carefully separate the remaining 8 eggs one at a time and put a yolk in each ricotta nest the ricotta should lovingly nestle each yolk if a yolk breaks, scoop it out with a spoon and dont use it.nCover each sheet of ricotta nests and egg yolks with another sheet of pasta. Use your index fingers to press around each ricotta nest to seal the edges, then use a fluted ring cutter or dough roller to cut around each ravioli they should be 3 to 4 inches in diameter. Reserve the ravioli on a tray generously dusted with semolina.nBring a large pot of wellsalted water to a boil. In a large saute pan, melt 12 stick of the butter and add 14 cup of the chicken stock youre going to use the remainder for your next batch add a sage sprig and season with salt. Bring this to boil and reduce to a simmer.nAdd 4 of the ravioli to the boiling water and cook for about 2 minutes, no more. Using a spider or slotted spoon, carefully transfer the ravioli from the water to the pan with the butter and chicken stock and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. If the sauce reduces too much, add a few drops of the pasta cooking water. The sauce should cling to the ravioli in a buttery hug. Repeat with the remaining 4 ravioli, using the remaining 12 stick butter, 14 cup chicken stock and 1 sprig sage to make the sauce.nTransfer the ravioli to serving plates, 1 per plate. Spoon a little extra sauce over each one and finish with a sprinkeydink of the grated Parm, guanciale, chanterelles and fried sage.nPut the flour on a clean dry work surface. Make a hole this is also called a well in the center of the flour pile that is about 8 inches wide bigger is definitely better here. Crack all of the eggs and the yolk into the hole and add the olive oil, water and salt.nUsing a fork, beat the eggs together with the olive oil, water and salt. Using the fork, begin to incorporate the flour into the egg mixture be careful not to break the sides of the well or the egg mixture will run all over your board and you will have a big mess Also, dont worry about the lumps. When enough flour has been incorporated into the egg mixture that it will not run all over the place when the sides of the well are broken, begin to use your hands to really get everything well combined. If the mixture is tight and dry, wet your hands and begin kneading with wet hands. When the mixture has really come together to a homogeneous mixture, THEN you can start kneading.nWhen kneading, it is VERY important to put your body weight into it, get on top of the dough to really stretch it and not to tear the dough. Using the heels of your palms, roll the dough to create a very smooooooth, supple dough. When done, the dough should look VERY smooth and feel almost velvety. Kneading will usually take from 8 to 10 minutes for an experienced kneader and 10 to 15 for an inexperienced kneader. Put your body weight into it, you need to knead This is where the perfect, toothsome texture of your pasta is formed. Get in there and have fun When the pasta has been kneaded to the perfect consistency, wrap it in plastic and let rest for at least 1 hour. If using immediately after that, do not refrigerate.nRoll and cut the pasta into the desired shape. How smooth and supple, ingredients: [1 cup dried porcinis, 4 ounces chanterelles, halved, Extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt, Four 18inch slices guanciale, finely diced, 10 leaves fresh sage, plus 2 sprigs for the sauce, 2 cups ricotta cheese, 1 cup freshly grated Parmigiano, plus more for garnish, 14 cup chopped fresh Italian parsley, 10 large eggs, all heirloom or organic, Allpurpose flour, as needed, 12 recipe Chef Annes AllPurpose Pasta Dough, rolled into sheets for ravioli, recipe follows, Semolina flour, as needed, 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup chicken stock, 1 pound allpurpose flour, 4 large eggs plus 1 yolk, all heirloom or organic, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 to 2 tablespoons water, or more if needed, Kosher salt], title: Raviolo al Uovo, picturelink: ycmtIkvg3mefGme6hsFLLPU7aNAT9q}, 59840: {instructions: Warm wine in a shallow saucepan over low heat it should be steaming but not simmering. Dissolve sugar in wine remove from heat. Pour into medium glass bowl and allow to completely cool. Using a melon baller, scoop out balls of cantaloupe and add to the wine mixture. Thinly slice the outer peel from half a lemon into 4 strips add to bowl. Add chopped basil. Stir gently. Cover and refrigerate at least 30 minutes. Divide between 4 wine glasses and serve chilled., ingredients: [2 cups light red wine, preferably Pinot Noir, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 cantaloupe, halved and seeds removed, 12 lemon, 1 tablespoon chopped basil leaves], title: Cantaloupe Red Wine Surprise, picturelink: null}, 59841: {instructions: In a large casserole combine bacon, pork shoulder with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and simmer 5 minutes. Drain. In a potee or casserole combine blanched bacon and pork with carrots, turnips, onion, leek, cheesecloth bag, beans and enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and simmer, covered, 1 12 hours. Add sausage, potatoes, cabbage, salt and pepper and simmer, covered, 1 hour more, or until vegetables and meat are tender. Transfer meat and vegetables to a platter. Discard cheesecloth bag. Reduce broth until well flavored and return meat and vegetables to casserole. Bring to a simmer and cook over low heat until heated through. Recommended Wine: 1993 Mas des Chimeres, Coteaux du Languedoc, ingredients: [1 pound fresh slab bacon, 3pound pork shoulder, 3 carrots, quartered, 4 turnips, quartered, 1 large onion, studded with 3 cloves, 1 pound leeks, trimmed, split and cut into 2inch lengths, A cheesecloth bag containing 12 parsley sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried and 12 peppercorns., 2 ounces soaked white beans, 1 pound garlic sausage, pricked, 1 head Savoy cabbage, cored and blanched for 10 minutes, 1 12 pounds boiling potatoes, quartered], title: Potee of Bacon, Beans and Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 59842: {instructions: For the cake: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. In a small bowl, combine the 2 teaspoons flour and 12 teaspoon sugar. Brush an 8inch round cake pan with olive oil and then dust with the floursugar mix.nWith a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the eggs on high speed with the 1 13 cup sugar until they turn opaque, 3 to 4 minutes. Switch to the paddle attachment and add the milk, the 12 cup olive oil, the cream and orange zest. Mix the 1 13 cup flour, the yeast and salt together and incorporate into the batter, scraping down the sides as needed. Combine well, 2 to 3 minutes. Allow the batter to rest in a warm place 10 to 15 minutes.nPour the batter into the prepared cake pan and bake until toothpick inserted comes out clean, 30 to 35 minutes. Remove from oven allow to cool in the pan 10 minutes. Run a small knife around the edge of the pan, turn the pan over, tapping if necessary to release the cake, and place on a rack and allow to cool completely. Once cool, invert and place on a rimmed cake plate.nFor the syrup: Remove the zest from the orange using a peeler, avoiding the pith, and place in a medium saucepan with the orange juice and sugar. Cook over medium heat until a thick syrup forms, 45 minutes to 1 hour.nStrain and discard the zest strips. Pour 12 the syrup over the cooled cake, and then pierce the surface with a fork to allow the syrup to soak into the cake. Return the remaining syrup to the stove and continue to reduce until very thick and syrupy, an additional 15 to 20 minutes.nFor the toppings: In a small skillet, lightly toast the pine nuts over medium heat until just starting to color, 3 to 4 minutes. Roughly chop the pine nuts.nArrange the segmented oranges around the outside edge of the cake and place a small fan of them in the center. Garnish with the pine nuts and drizzle with the reduced syrup. Cut into slices and serve with creme fraiche., ingredients: [1 13 cup plus 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 1 13 cup plus 12 teaspoon sugar, 3 large eggs, 34 cup milk, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus more for greasing, 14 cup heavy cream, 2 tablespoons orange zest from 3 to 4 oranges, 1 teaspoon instant yeast, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 orange, 3 cups fresh squeezed orange juice, 12 cup sugar, 13 cup pine nuts, 16 orange segments from about 2 oranges, Creme fraiche], title: Orange and Olive Oil Cake, picturelink: SrDZhpsTSWT2MklI2pjCiJIjiEXjEO}, 59843: {instructions: Drain the asparagus and layer it in a shallow glass dish. Sprinkle each layer with some crumbled tarragon, pepper, to taste, and garlic salt. Pour the salad dressing and vinegar over the asparagus, cover, and refrigerate overnight. Serve chilled asparagus on lettuce leaves, topped with a dollop of mayonnaise flavored with a little of the dressing., ingredients: [1 bunch asparagus, trimmed and cooked, or 1 12 15ounce cans whole green asparagus spears, 12 teaspoon dried tarragon leaves, Black pepper, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 1 0.7ounce package Italian salad dressing mix, prepared according to package directions, 14 cup tarragon vinegar, Lettuce leaves, Mayonnaise], title: Marinated Asparagus Salad, picturelink: Wc4NknrWP.6Kw.gR60lTZk005LSdMb6}, 59844: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a skillet over medium heat, cook the bacon lardons until browned and crispy. Transfer to a paper towellined plate and set aside.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the rice with the recommended amount of water on the package. Add the peas and salt and cook according to the rice package instructions.nStir in the Parmesan, butter, lemon zest and juice and black pepper. Mix in the bacon and serve., ingredients: [8 ounces slab bacon, cut into 12inch strips or lardons about 2 cups, 2 cups instant rice, 1 cup frozen peas, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Rice with Peas and Bacon, picturelink: Tyc.21DP4ADG8mUZH9NHrupP1YYHK5e}, 59845: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees and butter a 9 by 13inch baking dish and set aside.nUsing a mandolin, Vslicer or the slicing attachment on a food processor, slice the potatoes approximately 18inch thick. If you dont want to slice all the potatoes at once, slice them one at a time and build the gratin as you go. Create the first layer by laying the slices in overlapping rows. Once the first layer is down, season lightly with salt and pepper, then scatter with mushroom slices and a couple tablespoons of the cheese. Dont overdo it on these layers, if you create a barrier between the adjoining potato layers, the gratin wont set. Continue building layers until youre out of potatoes or out of room to build, but be sure to save 12 cup of the cheese for the top.nPour 23 cup of the half and half over the gratin then spread both hands over the surface and push down to work the air out from the layers. Add remaining liquid only if half and half does not come to the surface when you push down. Sprinkle the gratin with cheese, cover loosely with foil and place in middle of oven for 1 hour. Check for doneness by inserting the point of a paring knife straight into the gratin. If it goes through smoothly, remove the foil, return to oven, and turn on the broiler just long enough to turn the top goldenbrown. Remove, and allow to sit at room temperature for 15 to 20 minutes before serving., ingredients: [5 or 6 Yukon gold potatoes, peeled, 2 or 3 Portobello mushroom caps, sliced thin, 1 cup grated hard cheese such as Parmesan or Asiago, 34 cup half and half, Kosher salt and ground black pepper], title: PotatoPortobello Gratin, picturelink: null}, 59846: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Cook the bacon in a skillet over mediumhigh heat until crisp, then drain on paper towels.nMeanwhile, make the cheese sauce: Melt the butter in a saucepan over mediumlow heat. Add the flour and stir with a wooden spoon to make a thick roux. Add the milk and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parmesan, reduce the heat to low and whisk in the egg until the sauce is thick do not boil. Remove from the heat and season with salt and pepper.nFor each Hot Brown, place 2 bread slices side by side in a small baking dish. Cover the bread with about 14 pound turkey and place 1 or 2 tomato slices alongside. Pour 12 to 34 cup cheese sauce over the turkey and bread. Sprinkle with more parmesan and broil until the sauce is bubbly and speckled brown, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the broiler, cross 2 strips of bacon on top and sprinkle with parsley and more parmesan. Serve immediately.nPhoto by John Nation, ingredients: [8 strips bacon, 1 stick unsalted butter, 6 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 3 12 cups whole milk, 6 tablespoons grated parmesan cheese, plus more for sprinkling, 1 large egg, beaten, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 8 slices thick white sandwich bread, toasted, crusts removed, 1 pound leftover roast turkey, sliced, 1 ripe tomato, sliced, Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish], title: Louisville Hot Browns, picturelink: osO6PnVqcY2Z3DwfpZ9zoFPHqxJoipK}, 59847: {instructions: To make the tarts, dust a worksurface lightly with flour and roll the puff pastry a little thinner. Chill to let it rest about 20 minutes.nWith a very sharp knife, cut dough into 3inch squares. Fold each square in half diagonally, forming an isosceles triangle. Lay triangle on a flat surface with the base closest to you. Starting at the base, cut a 14inch wide band along each side of the triangle, stopping just before you reach the point.nOn a sheet pan lined with parchment paper, unfold the triangle. There should be a band around the entire square that is attached only at 2 opposing corners. Paint the band with water. Grab the band at the 2 detached corners and cross them over each other, creating a rim around the tart shell and a decorative loop at the 2 corners that are still attached. Press the band into the dough.nPrick the bottom then chill again, for 20 minutes.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nBake for 20 minutes in the top 13 of the oven until golden brown. Cool on the pan.nKnock down the centers of the tart shells if needed.nOnce the tart shells have cooled, put 1 tablespoonful of the chocolate ganache into each of them. Cover the middle with sections of pineapple rings and place half cherries at the corners. Warm the apricot jam and water together, and brush it on to glaze the tarts.nLet the glaze set up, and then serve as soon as possible.nPlace the chopped chocolate in a bowl.nIn a saucepan, heat the cream until boiling. Pour it over the chocolate and whisk well. Whisk in the rum and strain it into a bowl. Cover and chill overnight. This next day carefully whip it until stiff., ingredients: [2 sheets frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 cup Chocolate Rum Ganache, recipe follows, 4 canned pineapple rings or fresh pineapple cut into rings, and then into 6 pieces each, 8 glaced cherries, 13 cup apricot jam, 2 tablespoons water, 4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped, 1 cup heavy cream, 1 tablespoon dark rum], title: Individual Pineapple Tartlettes, picturelink: X.GpZmroQ5HdRfz3jeRyzIbh.vUuiC}, 59848: {instructions: In a heavybottom saucepan over mediumhigh heat, add the olive oil and chopped turkey necks, browning the bones on all sides, 6 to 7 minutes. Add the celery, carrot, garlic and onion and saute until the onions are translucent, 5 to 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nReduce the heat to medium, then add the flour to create a roux. Stir well and cook until the roux is a deep brown color and has a nutty aroma, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the chicken broth and thyme, while using a whisk to stir. Stir and cook until the gravy is smooth and there are no lumps. Bring to a boil then simmer to reduce slightly, about 10 minutes.nRemove the gravy from the heat and strain through a finemesh strainer into a smaller saucepan. Discard the solids. Taste and adjust seasoning. Keep warm until ready to serve., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 2 pounds smoked turkey neck bones, large dice, 2 ribs celery, rough chopped, 2 carrots, rough chopped, 2 cloves garlic, smashed, 1 medium onion, rough chopped, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup allpurpose flour, 1 quart lowsodium chicken broth or turkey stock if available, 2 sprigs fresh thyme], title: Smoked Turkey Gravy, picturelink: null}, 59849: {instructions: Whisk the marmalade with orange juice, chipotle sauce, vinegar and oil. Cut the jicama into pieces to fit in the feeder of a food processor. Place shredder attachment blade in bowl and shred the jicama. Toss jicama and carrots with dressing and cilantro., ingredients: [14 cup orange marmalade, 1 orange, zested and juiced, 2 tablespoons adobo sauce from canned chipotle in adobo pop the chipotles in plastic baggie and freeze for later use, 13 cup white wine vinegar, 13 cup canola oil, 1 pound jicama root, peeled, 2 cups shredded carrots, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves], title: Jicama, Carrot OrangeChipotle Slaw, picturelink: mlyXVTHh4AD9gkWtylvTbz2d6vlqGve}, 59850: {instructions: To prepare the dumplings, in a bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, parsley and 34 teaspoon of salt. In a small saucepan, bring the milk and butter to a simmer over low heat season with black pepper. Add the milk mixture to the dry ingredients and stir to combine.nIn a second large saucepan, heat the oil over medium heat. Add the carrots, onions and sweet potatoes. Cook until the onions are translucent, 3 to 5 minutes. Add the garlic and cook until fragrant, 45 to 60 seconds. Add the stock and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to simmer. Add the chicken and thyme.nUsing a small ice cream scoop or tablespoon, drop the dough, about 1 tablespoon at a time, into the simmering stock. Cover and simmer until the dumplings and chicken are cooked through and the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes. The best way to see if the dumplings are cooked is to remove one from the pot and let it cool slightly. Using a chefs knife, halve the dumpling. If the center looks dry, it is cooked. If the dumpling looks gummy or wet, let them cook a bit longer.nStir in the spinach cover and continue cooking for an additional 30 to 45 seconds. Taste and adjust for seasoning with salt and pepper.nLadle into warmed bowls and serve immediately., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh flatleaf parsley, Coarse kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup whole milk, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon canola oil, 3 carrots, cut into 12inch rounds, 1 sweet onion, chopped, 1 large sweet potato, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 cups chicken stock or lowfat, reducedsodium chicken broth, 2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cut into 34inch cubes, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, 10 ounces fresh baby spinach], title: New South Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: lWGODrIYZUZT8jkF5Cb6nrm.XU3Mj1y}, 59851: {instructions: Grind the fennel seeds with 1 teaspoon salt and 12 teaspoon pepper in a spice grinder or chop with a knife. Transfer to a medium bowl mix with the lemon juice and pork. Add the flour and toss to coat. In another bowl, mix the lemon zest with 2 tablespoons parsley.nHeat a deep skillet or pot over high heat and add the olive oil. Brown the pork in batches, 1 minute per side transfer to a plate. Add the shallots, fennel bulb, the remaining 3 tablespoons parsley, and salt to taste to the skillet. Reduce the heat and cook until the vegetables are wilted, 2 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, 3 minutes.nAdd the mushrooms, wine and 12 cup water scrape up any browned bits. Cover and simmer over low heat until the fennel is tender, 12 minutes. Add the pork and heat through, 2 to 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and top with the lemon zestparsley mixture.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [1 teaspoon fennel seeds, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, Zest and juice of 1 lemon, 3 1inchthick boneless pork loin chops 1 pound total, trimmed and sliced into 14inchwide strips, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 5 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 1 cup sliced shallots, 1 small fennel bulb, trimmed and chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 10 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 1 12 cups red or white wine], title: Pork and Fennel Ragout, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 59852: {instructions: For the pasta: To handmake the pasta mix the flour, salt, and eggs together over a well floured surface and thin with a rolling pin. Roll the dough out and cut into 13inch wide by 1inch long strips. Unroll the strips and then place in a plate and sprinkle with flour. Allow to sit for 30 minutes before cooking.nFor the sauce: In a large saucepan heat 2 tablespoons oil, add the garlic and saute for 30 seconds. When the garlic is blonde add the calamari and 1 12 cups white wine and let it simmer for 10 minutes with the lid on. As the calamari gets softer, add the peeled tomatoes to the pan and keep covered over a medium heat.nAt the same time, in a separate large pan add the 12 cup olive oil, the remaining 12 cup white wine, mussels, clams, cover and cook until the shellfish open. Drain the liquid in the pan through a strainer discard solids and set the liquid aside.nTransfer the opened mussels and clams to the pan with the calamari, add a cup of the drained liquid, the shrimp, the parsley, crushed red pepper flakes, and salt to taste and cook for 10 more minutes.nIn a large pot bring water to a boil and cook pasta and then drain. Add the sauce with the mussels and clams and let it simmer for a few more minutes. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 12 cups flour, Salt, 3 eggs, 12 cup, plus 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 calamari squid, cut into rings, 2 cups white wine, 1 28ounce can peeled tomatoes, 15 mussels, 15 clams, 15 shrimp, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley leaves, Salt, Crushed red pepper flakes, to taste], title: Scialatiella Alla Pescatore: Scialatiella Pasta with Seafood, picturelink: null}, 59853: {instructions: For the spiced honey almonds: Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.nSpread the almonds on the prepared baking sheet, then transfer to the oven and toast lightly, 8 minutes.nCombine the honey, sugar, allspice, nutmeg and a pinch of salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook until the sugar melts.nPut the toasted almonds in a small bowl and toss with half of the honey mixture until evenly coated reserve the remaining spiced syrup. Using a heatproof spatula the mixture will be hot, spread the coated almonds in an even layer on the baking sheet. Set aside until hardened, 15 minutes to 1 hourthe almonds will remain slightly sticky. Once hardened, coarsely chop or use whole.nFor the grilled stone fruit: Heat a grill pan over mediumhigh heat until very hot. Brush the cut sides of the fruit with a bit of oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Grill the fruit, cutside down, to mark and caramelize slightly, about 2 minutes. Brush the tops with a bit more oil, sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper and then flip and grill on the reverse side just to soften slightly, 1 to 2 minutes more.nTransfer the grilled fruit to a platter, cutside up. Dollop the farmers cheese around the fruit, drizzle some of the reserved spiced syrup over everything, and scatter the almonds on top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 2 cups skinon almonds, 14 cup clover honey, 2 tablespoons sugar, 12 teaspoon ground allspice, Pinch freshly grated nutmeg, Fine sea salt, 4 to 6 ripe yet firm stone fruits, such as peaches, nectarines and plums, halved and pitted, Canola oil, for brushing, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup farmers cheese], title: Grilled Stone Fruit with Farmers Cheese and Spiced Honey Almonds, picturelink: KcF0SmNQnTTbNUKbhZJxJqHvblvkU6}, 59854: {instructions: Toast bread lightly under hot broiler on both sides. Let cool.nCombine chopped fresh tomatoes with finely diced cucumber, celery, pepper, and onion in a bowl. Dress with the juice of 12 lime. Set aside.nPlace remaining chunked veggies in food processor with the juice of remaining half lime, crushed tomatoes, extra virgin olive oil, hot sauce, a little salt, the leaves of 1 sprig of oregano and a few leaves parsley. Process until smooth. Adjust salt and hot sauce to your taste. Chop remaining parsley and oregano and add to diced veggies. Season veggies with salt, to taste.nPour puree into shallow bowl or dish, just enough to coat the bottom. Set a toast on each dish and top with equal amounts of diced vegetables. Serve., ingredients: [6 slices baguette, sliced on severe angle to yield long angled 14 inch thick pieces, 2 plum tomatoes, seeded and finely diced, 12 European or seedless cucumber, 14 finely diced, 14 cut in larger chunks, 2 ribs celery, 1 finely diced, 1 cut in chunks, leafy green tops in tact, 1 green bell pepper, seeded, 12 finely diced, 12 chunked, 1 small white onion, half finely chopped, half chunked, The juice of 1 lime, 1 can crushed tomatoes, 15 ounces, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 teaspoon to tablespoon hot sauce, such as Tabasco, to your taste, Salt, to your taste, 2 sprigs fresh oregano, A handful flat leaf parsley leaves], title: Deconstructed Gazpacho, picturelink: xMRBowe66fFGz4ykje98JJRqjnqAsyK}, 59855: {instructions: In a large resealable container, combine the red wine, carrots, onions, celery, thyme, garlic and bay leaves. Add the chicken thighs, seal the container and marinate in the refrigerator overnight.nWhen ready to cook, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nToss the mushrooms with the olive oil on a baking sheet and roast until brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Set aside.nDrain the chicken and vegetables thoroughly in a colander, reserving the wine mixture. Pat the chicken dry with a paper towel reserve the vegetables and aromatics. Season the chicken with salt and pepper and transfer to a clean bowl. Add the flour and toss until thoroughly coated.nIn a large Dutch oven, heat the canola oil over mediumlow heat. Add the bacon and cook, stirring often, until caramelized and the bacon has released its fat, 5 to 8 minutes. Set the lardons aside. Turn the heat up to medium high and shake the excess flour off the chicken. Brown the chicken on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Remove the chicken and set aside.nAdd the pearl onions and drained vegetables and aromatics to the same pot and cook over medium heat until caramelized, 8 to 10 minutes. Add the reserved red wine mixture and cook until reduced by half, 10 to 15 minutes. Add the chicken stock and bring to a simmer. Season with salt and pepper. Return the chicken to the pot and cover.nTransfer to the oven and cook until the chicken is tender and the sauce has thickened, 30 to 40 minutes. If necessary, finish the dish on the stove by simmering it uncovered to reduce the mixture further, depending on how thick youd like the sauce.nServe with buttered egg noodles on the side and chopped parsley. Garnish with the reserved lardons and mushrooms., ingredients: [One 750milliliter bottle red wine, such as Cabernet, 1 cup diced carrots, 1 cup diced Spanish onions, 1 cup chopped celery, 8 sprigs fresh thyme, 6 cloves garlic, 2 bay leaves, 6 chicken thighs, 2 cups button mushrooms, cleaned and cut in half, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 8 ounces thick bacon, cut into 12inch lardons, 2 cups frozen pearl onions, thawed they can be left to thaw overnight during prep, 1 12 cups chicken stock, Buttered egg noodles, for serving, 1 bunch fresh parsley, chopped], title: Coq au Vin, picturelink: u5GQs1GWaZEESTviFgLPhYtc3vOZQm6}, 59856: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a large pot, bring 5 cups water to a boil. Add a large pinch of salt and stir in the grits. Simmer until the grits are fully cooked, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the mayonnaise. Reserve 1 cups grits for another use, such as Round 2 Recipe Silver Dollar Corn Fritters.nIn a saucepan over medium heat, cook the bacon until crispy, about 5 minutes. Turn the heat to mediumhigh, add the onions and cook until they begin to soften, about 3 minutes. Add the shrimp, sprinkle with salt and pepper and cook until shrimp turn pink, 3 to 4 minutes. Stir in the butter, lemon juice and hot sauce. Toss to coat the shrimp, and remove from the heat. Stir in the parsley.nDivide the grits among 4 bowls and serve the shrimp spooned over top of each., ingredients: [Salt, 1 cup quick cook grits, 14 cup mayonnaise, 3 strips bacon, coarsely chopped, 12 red onion, diced, 1 pound medium shrimp, shelled and deveined, 1 tablespoon butter, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons hot sauce, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, Freshly ground black pepper], title: Shrimp and Grits, picturelink: 9c5K0rUqzAweCNn6WMQCmA8OP2MNZa}, 59857: {instructions: Mash garlic into a paste. Whisk together yolk, lemon juice, and mustard in a bowl. Combine oils and add, a few drops at a time, to yolk mixture, whisking constantly, until all oil is incorporated and mixture is emulsified. Whisk in garlic paste and season with salt and pepper, to taste. If the aioli is too thick, whisk in 1 or 2 drops of water.nWarm lobster in melted butter and set aside. Toast white bread. Smear with aioli. Layer bacon, lobster, tomatoes, sprouts and avocado., ingredients: [4 roasted garlic cloves, 1 large egg yolk, 2 teaspoons fresh lemon juice, 13 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound cooked lobster meat, preferably Maine lobsters, 12 pound melted butter, 8 slices country white bread, toasted, Pea Aioli, 8 slices applewood smoked bacon, cooked, 12 ovenroasted tomatoes, 12 cup pea sprouts, 1 12 avocados, sliced], title: Lobster BLT, picturelink: null}, 59858: {instructions: In a medium pan over medium heat, add the oil and saute the onions until translucent. Add the tomatoes to the pan and squash them to form liquid. Bring the mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Add the chicken breasts, broccoli, red and yellow bell peppers, mushrooms, bay leaves and thyme. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until the chicken is cooked through, 8 to 15 minutes depending on thickness., ingredients: [2 teaspoons olive oil, 12 medium onion, chopped, One and onehalf 14.5ounce cans whole tomatoes, 4 skinless chicken breasts, 12 cup chopped broccoli, 13 cup chopped red bell pepper, 13 cup chopped yellow bell pepper, 13 cup sliced mushrooms, 2 fresh bay leaves, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Poached Chicken with Vegetables and Herbs, picturelink: R72foMItCmMJnOByj0I3PASqnmBrTYu}, 59859: {instructions: Heat a soup pot over medium heat add the butter and melt. When the butter foams, add the onions, leeks, shallots, garlic, bay leaf, thyme and salt and pepper. Partially cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until caramelized, about 35 minutes. Deglaze the pot with sherry, then add the Worcestershire and stock. Taste for seasoning when it comes to a bubble. Cool and store for a makeahead meal.nHeat the soup and creme fraiche over medium heat until bubbly and thickened a bit. Toast the bread on the middle rack under the broiler remove and top one side with the mustard and cheese. Return to the oven to melt the cheese.nServe the soup in shallow bowls, topped with scallions and cheesy croutons., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 4 large onions, thinly sliced, 2 to 3 leeks, trimmed, split lengthwise, sliced into 12inch pieces, cleaned and dried, 4 shallots, halved and sliced, 4 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 large fresh bay leaf, About 12 teaspoon ground thyme, Salt and coarse black pepper, 14 cup dry sherry, 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce, 5 cups beef stock, 1 cup creme fraiche, Crusty French bread grocerystore, softcenter, wider than baguette, about 3 to 4 inches cut into 1inchthick roundsslices, Grainy mustard or spicy mustard, such as Guldens, Sliced Gruyere cheese, for melting, Thinly sliced scallions, for garnish], title: French Onion Dip Soup with Dijon and Gruyere Croutons, picturelink: null}, 59860: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Coat a baking sheet with nonstick spray.nPlace a large saute pan over medium heat and add oil. Once the oil is hot, add the onion, jalapeno, garlic, green onions and saute until tender, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nIn a large bowl, combine the chicken, cheese, cream cheese, sauteed mixture and hot sauce together.nWhisk the egg in a small bowl. Set aside. Sprinkle flour on your work surface and unroll the pie dough.nRoll out each round to a 13inch circle. Cut each crust into eight 4inch circles with a biscuit cutter. You can knead the scraps and then roll out, if necessary. Spoon about 1 heaping tablespoon of the chicken mixture into the center of each round. Brush the edges with the egg wash and fold each circle in half. Gently press on the top of the empanada to release any air. Seal the edges with a fork and brush the top with the remaining egg wash. Sprinkle with chile powder. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nServe the chicken empanadas with the Chili Lime Dipping Sauce.nCombine the yogurt, chipotle and lime zest and juice in a bowl., ingredients: [1 tablespoon olive oil, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, 1 jalapeno, finely diced, seeded and ribs removed, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 12 cups shredded then diced cooked chicken breasts from leftover chicken, 1 cup shredded Monterey and Cheddar cheese blend, 4 ounces cream cheese, diced, Dash of hot sauce, 1 egg, Flour, for rolling, One 15ounce package refrigerated pie dough, 1 tablespoon chipotle chile powder, Chili Lime Dipping Sauce, recipe follows, 1 cup Greek yogurt, 1 chipotle pepper canned in adobo sauce, minced, Juice and zest of 1 lime], title: Cheesy Chicken Empanadas, picturelink: fj3LuaEBaNWaixjJ0bRr1WdKdRzsr7u}, 59861: {instructions: Combine 13 cup each golden raisins and rum in a bowl and microwave for 3 minutes. Heat 12 stick butter, 12 cup green pumpkin seeds pepitas and a pinch of salt in a skillet until the seeds are golden and the butter turns nutty brown. Stir in the raisinrum mixture and 1 tablespoon dark brown sugar. Spoon over storebought rice pudding.nPhotograph by Sang An, ingredients: [], title: Pepita Rice Pudding, picturelink: g4oMlz8.SVK3jdM7HnKOtoTEKuIqOu}, 59862: {instructions: In a medium pot or Dutch oven, cook the onions in the butter over medium heat until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the cabbage and cook, stirring, for a few minutes. Add the apple, brown sugar, wine, vinegar, and water, and bring up to a simmer, stirring. Cover and braise for 30 minutes, stirring once and checking on the texture. Cook a little less for a firmer cabbage a little more for softer cabbage.nAdd a small splash of cider vinegar just before serving., ingredients: [2 tablespoons butter, 1 yellow onion, sliced with the grain, 12 head large or 1 small red cabbage, quartered, thinly sliced core removed, 1 tart apple, peeled and grated, 1 tablespoon brown sugar, 14 cup red wine, 14 cup apple cider vinegar, plus a splash, 14 cup water, Salt and freshly ground pepper], title: My Grandmas Braised Cabbage, picturelink: F6egtQgUAZVGhQqVeoIWyMSi5MjA.dm}, 59863: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nIn a large bowl, mix the beef and pork and gently knead them together with your hands. Add the paprika, salt and pepper. Add the rest of the ingredients. Mix to blend.nThe taste test: Heat a small saucepan and add the vegetable oil. When the oil begins to smoke, lower the heat and add a small piece of the mixture. Cook 1 to 2 minutes on each side. Remove from the pan and taste. Check seasoning. If too moist, add more bread crumbs. If too dry, add an extra egg.nMold the meat into a loaf and place it in the center of a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Using a pan without high edges will yield a meatloaf with a crust. Cook, undisturbed, for 15 minutes. Brush it with additional ketchup and lower the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.nBake until the meat is firm when touched or when it has an internal temperature of 150 degrees F, about 45 additional minutes. Remove from the oven, pour off any excess grease and allow it to rest for 10 to 15 minutes before serving. Brush again with ketchup, if desired., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 34 pound ground pork, 1 teaspoon hot paprika, 2 teaspoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 small yellow onions, peeled and minced should equal roughly 1 cup, 2 cloves garlic, peeled and minced, 1 cup bread crumbs, 23 cup ketchup, 1 cup sour cream, 1 small bunch flatleaf parsley, stemmed, washed, dried and chopped, 14 cup total, 1 small bunch tarragon, stemmed, washed, dried and chopped, 14 cup total, 3 eggs, lightly beaten, 1 teaspoon vegetable oil, Additional ketchup for brushing, if desired], title: Tarragon Meatloaf, picturelink: ZSDYfLJLBTwyScuCqp4xTOnVek6ki}, 59864: {instructions: Warm a knife under hot water and then cut the cheesecake into 8 slices. Make sure to wipe off the blade and warm it under hot water between each cut to insure clean slices. Insert an ice pop stick 12 way into the back end of each slice. Arrange the cheesecake on a sheet pan and freeze until the cheesecake slices are frozen, about1 to 2 hours.nPut the white chocolate in a bowl and put it over a pot of simmering water. Stir frequently until melted.nPut the frozen cheesecake slices onto a baking sheet fitted with a wire rack, or a piece of parchment paper. Using a spoon, drizzle each cheesecake slice with the melted white chocolate. Sprinkle each slice with the decoration of your choice. Put the slices back in the freezer until the chocolate is set, about 5 minutes. Arrange the cheesecakes on a platter and serve., ingredients: [1 storebought frozen cheesecake, 8 ice pop sticks, 1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 bottle ice cream shell topping, cupcake flavor recommended: Magic Shell, 2 tablespoons white sprinkles, 2 tablespoons edible white pearl decorations, 2 tablespoons silver dragees, 2 tablespoons white edible glitter], title: Frozen White Chocolate Feather Cheesecake, picturelink: null}, 59865: {instructions: Combine grapefruit juice, sugar and rosemary in a small saucepan. Simmer the mixture until reduced by one third. Place the supremed grapefruits in 4 small bowls, drizzle with the syrup., ingredients: [1 pink grapefruit, cut into supremes, 1 white grapefruit, cut into supremes, 1 cup grapefruit juice, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon rosemary], title: Grapefruit in a Simple Rosemary Syrup, picturelink: null}, 59866: {instructions: In saute pan over high heat, add olive oil and hot links. Sear links until browned. Add the shrimp and cook until pink. Lower heat to medium. Then add cream, 34 of the Chipotle Sauce, salt and pepper. Add cooked pasta and the cheese. Toss to combine.nServe in pasta bowl and garnish with diced tomato, scallions, more sauce, if desired, and grated Parmesan.nCombine all ingredients in blender, puree, cover and refrigerate., ingredients: [1ounce olive oil, 4 hot links, all beef, cut in 6 bias slices, 20 2125 shrimp, deveined, shelled and butterflied, 2 cups heavy cream, 1 cup Chipotle Sauce, recipe follows, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 12 teaspoon ground black pepper, 1 pound cooked penne pasta, 12 cup Parmesan, grated plus more for serving, 1 tablespoon diced Roma tomato, 1 tablespoon diced scallion, 1 12 cups BBQ sauce, 34 cup canola oil, 13 cup lemon juice, 34ounce Dijon mustard, 1 to 2 chipotle peppers in adobo, 34ounce red chili flakes, 13 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 13 teaspoon ground black pepper], title: Penne with Cajun Hot Links and Chipotle Shrimp, picturelink: 9QvoFpYniFOX2fWIRYp8vmrfZDywVDe}, 59867: {instructions: Shred the kohlrabi, carrots and garlic in a food processor fitted with the shredder attachment.nHeat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add the tomatoes, followed by the shredded vegetables. Saute for 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper, and then add the scallions, parsley and lemon juice, stirring until incorporated. Simmer for 10 to 15 minutes., ingredients: [3 pounds kohlrabi, peeled and quartered about 4 kohlrabi, 4 medium carrots, 2 cloves garlic, 14 cup olive oil, 1 quart cherry tomatoes multicolor if available, 4 scallions, sliced thin, 2 packed cups parsley leaves, chopped, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Warm Kohlrabi Salad, picturelink: gwAHZli5EIMKrSowQpjMGUALAvZnm6}, 59868: {instructions: Heat the grill to mediumhigh heat.nBrush bread slices with olive oil, and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place on grill and cook until toasted and has grill marks. Reserve.nUsing a large platter, arrange all of the antipasto ingredients and serve along with bread., ingredients: [1 baguette, sliced on the bias, into 12inch pieces, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 12 cups pickled green tomatoes, 1 12 cups pickled okra, 1 16ounce jar roasted red peppers, drained and sliced, 1 12 cups jalapeno stuffed green olives, 34 pound pepper jack cheese, cubed, 34 pound provolone cheese, cubed, 12 pound Genoa salami, sliced thin, 12 pound honey ham, sliced thin, 1 pound sausage, grilled and sliced], title: Southern Antipasto Platter, picturelink: null}, 59869: {instructions: In a small stock pot, heat oil over medium heat. Saute sausage, onions and artichokes until lightly colored, about 5 minutes. Add jalapeno, water, potatoes, shrimp boil spice, salt, bay leaves, hot sauce and black pepper. Cover pot and bring to a boil. Reduce heat add corn and cover. Cook until corn is tender, about 10 minutes. Add shrimp and cook until pink and firm, about 5 minutes. Strain the boil through a colander. Plate immediately on a large serving dish. Garnish with sliced green onions or your favorite fresh herb. Serve with Garlic Bread.nIn a small bowl, mix butter together with garlic, scallion, Parmesan, parsley, hot sauce and salt and pepper, to taste. Preheat broiler with rack 4 inches from heat. Slice baguette horizontally. Spread butter on both halves. Place on a sheet pan and toast under the broiler, about 2 minutes., ingredients: [3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 10 ounces andouille sausage, cut into 1inch rounds, 1 12 cups cipollini onions, peeled, halved, 1 pound baby artichokes about 8 small, trimmed and halved, 1 jalapeno, diced, 3 quarts water, 1 pound small red potatoes, 3 tablespoons shrimp boil spice recommended: Old Bay, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 3 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 2 ears of corn about 1 pound, cut into thirds, 1 pound 1620 count shellon shrimp, deveined, 3 green onions, sliced for garnish, Garlic bread, recipe follows, 2 sticks butter, softened, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 1 scallion, minced, 1 tablespoon Parmesan, 1 tablespoon finely chopped parsley leaves, Hot sauce, to taste, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, 1 French baguette], title: Southern Shrimp Boil, picturelink: 1zuaUKLM.DCYd0JrIaRhd5yEPJbqbZK}, 59870: {instructions: 1. PLACE milk in small saucepan.n2. Cook over medium heat, whisking constantly to create foam, until milk is hot.n3. Using large spoon to hold back foam, pour milk into a mug.n4. Stir in coffee and Coffeemate. Top with foam and sprinkle of nutmeg., ingredients: [12 cup milk, 13 cup doublestrength hot brewed coffee, 3 tablespoons Eggnog Latte Flavor NESTLu00c9 COFFEEMATE Liquid Coffee Creamer, Ground nutmeg], title: Eggnog Latte, picturelink: 6o2pDB881xz2Upoe4i5N.j6xK5Sv6K}, 59871: {instructions: Heat the grapeseed oil in a skillet over medium heat. Add red onion and garlic and allow to sweat for about 10 minutes. Reduce heat to low and stir in tomatoes, orange and chives and cook for an additional 2 minutes over low heat. Remove from heat and stir in fresh mint leaves. Set aside until needed.nCombine hoisin sauce, soy sauce and mayonnaise in a medium mixing bowl. Gently fold in crabmeat. Using a 2 or 3inch circle cutter, form crabmeat into rounds. Top with orange dressing and 2 tablespoons pea tendrils. Serve chilled., ingredients: [1 teaspoon grapeseed oil, 1 red onion, diced small, 2 cloves garlic, lightly crushed with the side of a knife blade, then minced, 2 plum tomatoes, seeds removed and cut brunoise, 1 blood orange, segmented and diced, 2 tablespoons minced fresh chives, 2 tablespoons minced fresh mint leaves, 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce, 1 teaspoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, 4 1 12 to 2pound Dungeness crabs, meat removed from claws and body equates to about 1 pound of crabmeat, 12 cup pea tendrils, For the crab salad:], title: Dungeness Crab Salad with Sweet Pea Tendrils and Orange Dressing, picturelink: null}, 59872: {instructions: Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Cook bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towel crumble. Set aside. In 12inch cast iron or ovenproof skillet, brown ground beef and onion over medium heat until beef is thoroughly cooked, stirring frequently. Drain. Place beef mixture in medium bowl cover to keep warm. Add oil to same skillet. Heat over mediumhigh heat until hot. Add potatoes cook 3 to 5 minutes or until browned, stirring constantly. Add cooked ground beef, corn, chiles, barbecue sauce, cheese, salt and pepper mix well. Cook until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. Sprinkle with bacon. Separate dough into 8 biscuits. Arrange biscuits over hot mixture. Bake at 400 for 16 to 24 minutes or until biscuits are deep golden brown and bottoms are no longer doughy., ingredients: [4 slices bacon, 1 lb. Lean ground beef, 3 tablespoons chopped onion, 3 tablespoons oil, 2 12 cups frozen hashbrown potatoes, thawed, 1 11oz. can Green Giant Mexicorn Whole Kernel Corn, Red and Green Peppers, drained, 1 4.5oz. can Old El Pasou00ae Chopped Green Chiles, drained, 12 cup barbecue sauce, 8 oz. 2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, 14 teaspoon salt, if desired, 14 teaspoon pepper, if desired, 1 16.3oz. can Pillsburyu00ae Grandsu00ae Refrigerated Buttermilk Biscuits or Reduced Fat Buttermilk Biscuits], title: Chuck Wagon Cheeseburger Skillet, picturelink: null}, 59873: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nWhisk together the mustards, honey, horseradish, mint and 14 teaspoon of salt and 14 teaspoon of pepper in a small bowl. Let sit for at least 15 minutes before using. Can be made 1 day in advance and refrigerated but do not add the mint until just before using. Bring to room temperature before using.nHeat the grill to high.nBrush the salmon with the oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the salmon on the grill, skin side down, and grill until golden brown and slightly charred, about 3 minutes.nWhile the salmon is cooking, place the watercress and onion in a medium bowl, add the vinegar and oil and salt and pepper and toss to combine. Transfer the salad to a platter, top with the salmon fillet and drizzle each fillet with the mustard sauce., ingredients: [14 cup Dijon mustard, 2 tablespoons wholegrain mustard, 3 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, drained, 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh mint leaves, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 pound fillet salmon, skin on, 2 tablespoons canola oil, 1 bunch watercress, coarsely chopped, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons aged sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil], title: Grilled Salmon Fillet with HoneyMustard Sauce, picturelink: lpoA7kpilRmc3lwuKDe8XyV1NJm.VTK}, 59874: {instructions: Place sugar and mint in a tall glass and using the back of a spoon, mash the mint leaves into the sugar. Add the remaining ingredients, mix, and serve., ingredients: [1 teaspoon superfine sugar, 2 sprigs fresh mint, Squeeze fresh lime juice, 2 ounces light rum, Splash club soda, Ice cubes], title: Mojitos, picturelink: null}, 59875: {instructions: To make the beef: Prepare the fillet of beef by hammering it with a meat cleaver, the side of a meat cleaver, the side of a Chinese cleaver or a rolling pin. Slice it thinly, and put the pieces into a bowl. Season the beef with the light soy sauce, oyster sauce, salt, black pepper, and sugar. Set aside.nHeat a wok over high heat, and add 1 tablespoon groundnut oil. Add the garlic, and chile, and toss quickly. Then, add the spinach leaves, and toss so they warm for 5 seconds. Scatter them onto a large serving plate.nHeat the wok over high heat, and add the remaining groundnut oil. Add the beef slices, and stirfry for 1 to 2 minutes, adding a dash of Shaohsing rice wine. Season with a pinch of dried chile flakes. To serve, lay the beef over a bed of the garlicspinach leaves.nTo make the mushrooms: Reheat the wok, add the oil, then add the oyster mushrooms and stir fry for 1 minute. Add a small splash of water to create some steam to help cook. Season with the black rice vinegar, and light soy sauce. Spoon the mixture over the beef, and serve., ingredients: [12 ounces beef fillet tenderloin, pounded and thinly sliced, 1 teaspoon light soy sauce, 1 12 tablespoons oyster sauce, Salt and freshly cracked black pepper, Pinch sugar, 2 tablespoons groundnut oil peanut, divided, 3 cloves garlic, crushed and finely chopped, 1 medium chile, seeded and finely chopped, 7 ounces baby spinach leaves, 1 tablespoon Shaohsing rice wine, Pinch dried chile flakes, 1 teaspoon groundnut oil peanut, 4 ounces oyster mushrooms, Water, as needed, 1 tablespoon black rice vinegar recommended: Chinkiang or balsamic vinegar, Dash light soy sauce], title: Beef in Oyster Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59876: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. In a mixer bowl, using an electric mixer on mediumhigh speed, beat the creme fraiche or sour cream until soft peaks form. Stir in the tarragon, lemon zest, orange juice concentrate, salt, and cayenne set aside.nIn a jellyroll pan, layer the kosher or rock salt 14inch thick. Gently press the oyster shells into the salt to hold them in place. Broil the oysters 6 inches from the heat source for 4 to 5 minutes, or just until they begin to release their juices and the shells pop open slightly. Remove from the broiler and remove the top oyster shell by inserting a butter knife and popping the shell off. Top each oyster with a spoonful of creme fraiche topping and serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup creme fraiche or sour cream, 1 tablespoon minced fresh tarragon, 1 lemon, zest grated, 1 12 teaspoons undiluted orange juice concentrate, 12 teaspoon salt, Dash cayenne pepper, Kosher or rock salt, for layering, 18 large oysters, scrubbed and shucked, oysters left intact in bottom shell], title: Oysters with Creme Fraiche, Lemon, and Tarragon, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 59877: {instructions: Cook 1 12 cups Israeli couscous as the label directs. Drain, then rinse under cold water and toss with olive oil. Cook 3 cups cauliflower florets and 1 sliced shallot in olive oil, 6 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add a pinch of cinnamon and 14 cup chopped dates cook 2 more minutes. Add to the couscous along with a splash of red wine vinegar, some chopped parsley, and salt and pepper.nPhotographs by Con Poulos, ingredients: [], title: Cauliflower Couscous, picturelink: Z4HAM.t6sML9NtzUOi9bHnOhRUVu8GG}, 59878: {instructions: Combine olive oil, vinegar, salt, and pepper in a large bowl and whisk. Add remaining ingredients, toss and chill., ingredients: [34 cup extra virgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 12 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper, 2 cups canned garbanzo beans, drained, 5 pickling cucumbers or Kirbies, peeled and diced, 1 medium red onion, diced, 2 tomatoes, peeled, seeded, and diced, 1 bunch fresh basil, chopped], title: Cold Garbanzo and Cucumber Salad, picturelink: null}, 59879: {instructions: Put the pesto in a large bowl.nCook the pasta according to package instructions. Drain the pasta and reserve 13 cup of the pasta water. Whisk the pasta water into the pesto.nWhile the pasta is cooking, heat the oil in a large skillet over mediumhigh heat. Add the garlic and cook, stirring until soft and fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add the chicken, peppers, and olives and cook, stirring until hot, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.nAdd the pasta and cheese to the pesto and toss to combine. Add the chicken mixture and combine. Divide the pasta among 4 bowls and serve immediately. Pass Parmesan at the table., ingredients: [23 cup basil pesto, 9ounce package fresh fettuccine, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 4 cups pulled cooked chicken meat, 2 cups sliced roasted red bell peppers, 12 cup pitted olives, halved lengthwise, Salt and pepper, 14 cup grated Parmesan, plus more for the table], title: Fresh Fettuccine with Pulled Rotissiere Chicken, Pesto, and Roasted Peppers, picturelink: null}, 59880: {instructions: 1 cup chopped Brazil nutsn1 cup chopped almondsn1 12 cups chopped celeryn1 cup chopped onionn12 cup brown flax or 14 C chia flourn14 cup flax oiln14 cup olive oiln1 tablespoon fresh dilln4 tablespoons chopped fresh sage leavesn1 tablespoon lemon juicen2 green onions, choppedn2 tablespoons ground cuminn1 tablespoon sundried sea saltn1 cup charged waternFor the bread:nCombine the first 4 ingredients to a blender. Add the remaining ingredients, except for the flax, and blend. Pour the mixture into a large bowl and add the ground flax. Mix with a whisk until the flax is well combined.nPour the mixture, evenly, onto a 1inch high teflex sheet to make square breads or press with a burger mold by hand into 14 round shapes. Sprinkle the top of the breads with sesame seeds and dehydrate for 24 hours. Flip the bread for another 16 hours or until desired texture. If making a square crust, cut the squares when flipping the bread.nFor the patties:nIn a blender, pulse the Brazil nuts, almonds, celery and onion separately, and put them into a large bowl. Add all the liquid ingredients with the herbs and spices, except for the water, to a blender. Blend until combined. Add the spice mixture to the bowl with the nut mixture and stir in the water.nPress 4 tablespoons of the mixture onto a teflex sheet into burger patties by using a round mold. The mixture should make about 14 patties. Allow to dehydrate for 16 hours, then flip them over and continue to dehydrate for another 4 hours.nFor the ketchup:nSoak the sundried tomatoes in a little water in a small bowl, for about 15 minutes. Add all the remaining ingredients, except the sundried tomatoes, to a blender. Blend until combined and smooth, then add the sundried tomatoes and blend again.nFor the mustard:nAdd all of the ingredients to a blender and blend until thoroughly combined.nFor the nacho cheese Lite:nAssembly:nLayer the burgers in the following order from bottom to top:nOn the bottom of 1 burger bread, add 1 burger patty, some fresh romaine lettuce stacked high, 1 to 2 sliced fresh tomato rounds and thinly sliced red onion. Top with Johns Famous Ketchup, Johns Famous Mustard, and Nacho Cheese Lite, and finally cover with top of the burger bread. Repeat with remaining ingredients., ingredients: [3 tablespoons honey or clear raw agave, 18 cup olive oil, 14 cup charged water, 3 tablespoons NonGMO lecithin, 1 12 cups sprouted red quinoa, 12 cup Irish moss, 1 cup nut milk, 1 12 teaspoons sundried sea salt, 2 cups golden ground flax, 34 cup sundried tomatoes, 1 small tomato, 1 tablespoon sesame seeds or raw tahini, 2 12 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon honey or clear raw agave, 14 clove garlic, 1 teaspoon sundried sea salt, 1 tablespoon mustard seeds, 1 12 tablespoons honey or clear raw agave, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 12 cup Brazil nuts, 12 cup charged water, 12 lemon, juiced, 1 teaspoon turmeric, 1 teaspoon paprika, 12 clove garlic, 12 cup water, 12 teaspoon turmeric, 3 teaspoons apple cider vinegar, 5 tablespoons nutritional flakes, 12 cup milk recommended: Beyond Milk, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 tablespoon hemp seeds, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, Pinch freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon paprika, 2 tablespoons pumpkin seeds, Fresh romaine lettuce, for garnish, Fresh tomato slices, for garnish, Thinly sliced red onion, for garnish], title: Life Burger, picturelink: AAvNj9.5o4PeSoPV5F5CGQSIWc0of0W}, 59881: {instructions: For the asparagus: Cut off the asparagus tops and reserve. Chop the stems into pieces, discarding the woody bits. If the stems are really thick and tough looking, peel them first. Heat the oil and butter in a saute pan. Add the stem pieces and cook 5 minutes. Add the garlic and then the asparagus tips. Pour over 14 cup60 ml water, season with salt and pepper and cook until tender, 5 to 15 minutes, depending on the asparagus. If you like, you can add a sprig of fresh rosemary to the dish with the garlic and asparagus tips, then remove it at the endnFor the risotto: On a separate burner, in a pot, bring the chicken stock to a simmer. Heat 2 tablespoons of the butter in a saucepan and cook the onions and shallots until soft, stirring with a wooden spoon. Add the rice and stir until translucent, about 4 minutes. Stir in the wine and reduce until almost dry. Add a ladle of stock and cook, stirring, until it disappears. Continue one ladle at a time, until the rice is tender and creamy, about 30 minutes. To serve: Remove from the heat and stir through the asparagus, remaining tablespoon of butter, lemon zest and half the cheese. Taste and adjust the seasoning. Spoon the risotto into bowls and scatter over the remaining cheese., ingredients: [1 pound500 g asparagus, 1 tablespoon olive oil, 1 tablespoon butter, 2 cloves garlic, minced, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 liter4 cups chicken stock, 3 tablespoons butter, 1 little onion, minced, 1 shallot, minced, optional, 1 cup250 g risotto, 12125 dry white wine, Zest of 1 lemon, 13 cup40 g grated Parmesan], title: Lemon Asparagus Risotto, picturelink: null}, 59882: {instructions: Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onion and sausage and cook for 5 minutes. Add the water, cream, salt, and pepper and bring to a boil. Gradually stir in the grits. Reduce the heat to low and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until the grits are tender, smooth, and creamy, about 20 to 25 minutes. Stir in the chives and cheese and serve immediately., ingredients: [8 tablespoons butter, 1 cup finely chopped yellow onion, 8 ounces andouille sausage, removed from casings and diced, 6 cups water, 4 cups heavy whipping cream, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 23 cups stoneground white grits, 14 cup finely chopped chives, 1 cup shredded white Cheddar], title: Andouille and White Cheddar Cheese Grits, picturelink: B6dAD2IuFbV..ayLgUDpKAuXj4am3Ua}, 59883: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nMarinate the prawns with the olive oil and Cajun seasoning. Let sit for about 10 minutes. Place on a hot grill and cook until just pink and opaque. Serve immediately., ingredients: [4 pounds tiger prawns, 2 cups extravirgin olive oil, 2 ounces Cajun seasoning], title: Cajun Shrimp, picturelink: 6.lW6pfTh.LKdhlAsvKUQ48yH9rmK}, 59884: {instructions: Special equipment: two 8inch round pansnFor the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSift together the cake flour, baking powder, salt and 34 cup of the granulated sugar in a medium bowl. Whisk together the milk, vegetable oil, vanilla extract, coconut extract and 7 egg yolks in a large bowl until well combined. Add the dry ingredients to the wet ingredients and whisk until well combined and smooth. With an electric mixer, beat the 9 egg whites and the remaining 34 cup granulated sugar in another medium bowl until they reach stiff peaks. Fold the egg whites into the batter until combined and the batter is a uniform color.nPour the batter into two ungreased 8inch round pans. Bake until the top springs back when lightly pressed, 25 to 40 minutes. Remove the cakes from the pan and cool on a cooling rack for 1 to 2 hours.nFor the filling: Combine the strawberries, raspberries, granulated sugar and lemon juice in a large saucepan over medium heat and bring to a simmer. Cook about 10 minutes. Add the cornstarch, whisking constantly to avoid lumps cook, stirring, until thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Cool completely. Transfer to a blender and puree.nFor the buttercream: Cream the butter and shortening with an electric mixer until smooth. Beat in the confectioners sugar until completely incorporated. Stir in the vanilla and 1 tablespoon heavy cream and beat until smooth. Add the remaining tablespoon heavy cream if needed to reach a spreadable consistency.nTo assemble the cake: Once the cakes are cooled, level each with a bread knife or cake leveler. Using a pastry brush, generously apply doubleberry filling to the top of one cake. Then combine 14 cup filling with 1 12 cups buttercream mix thoroughly and spread this over the first filling layer. Place the second cake, leveledside down, on top. Frost as desired with the remaining buttercream., ingredients: [2 14 cups cake flour, 2 teaspoons baking powder, 12 teaspoon sea salt, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 34 cup milk, 13 cup vegetable oil, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon coconut extract, 7 large eggs, separated, plus 2 large egg whites, at room temperature, 16 ounces strawberries, 6 ounces raspberries, 12 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 4 sticks 2 cups unsalted butter, 8 ounces vegetable shortening, 2 12 pounds confectioners sugar, 1 12 teaspoons vanilla extract, 1 to 2 tablespoons heavy cream], title: Coconut Chiffon Cake with DoubleBerry Filling and Vanilla Buttercream, picturelink: c9zkn.sOPJZ7ELkdlNfMCmUmrWF3Xpq}, 59885: {instructions: One of Craig Morgans favorite recipes. Developed by PBS Barbecue America host Rick Browne.nIn a large bowl, whisk together the oil, honey and soy sauce. Add the brown sugar, chili powder, garlic powder, cayenne pepper, black pepper and jalapeno and whisk to mix.nPlace the chicken in a 1 gallon resealable plastic bag and pour in the marinade, refrigerate at least 2 hours or overnight if time allows. Discard the marinade.nPreheat the barbecue grill or oven for high heat at 450 degrees Fahrenheit.nThread the chicken, onions and roasted red peppers alternately on the skewers.nLightly oil the grill grate and place the skewers on the grill. Cook for 1215 minutes, until chicken juices run clear, turning several times.nServe with one can 22 ounces BUSHSu00ae Smokehouse Tradition Grillin Beans., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, 4 tablespoons honey, 3 tablespoons and 1 34 teaspoons soy sauce, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 1 teaspoon chili powder, 12 teaspoon garlic powder, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 finely minced jalapeno pepper optional, 6 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into 1inch cubes, 1 gallon resealable bag, 2 medium onions cut into 2inch pieces, 2 large red bell peppers cut into 2inch pieces, Olive oil, 4  5 metal or wooden skewers, 1 can 22 ounces BUSHSu00ae Smokehouse Tradition Grillin Beans], title: Sweet and Spicy Chicken Skewers, picturelink: 9fbRJ7p5boLkgsh7o2DfdisnwrKeJOS}, 59886: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLine a baking sheet with aluminum foil and top it with a baking rack. Arrange the bacon in 1layer on top of the rack.nMix together the pecans, and brown sugar with a good grinding of pepper in a small bowl. Evenly sprinkle the mixture over the bacon. Put the bacon into the oven and bake until the sugar is melted and the bacon is crisp, about 20 to 25 minutes. Remove and let cool slightly until crisp.nWhile the bacon is cooking, toast the rye bread and cut each slice into quarters. In a small bowl mix together the cream cheese and Worcestershire sauce. To serve, spread the toast with the cream cheese mixture and top with 1 or 2 pieces of bacon cut to fit the bread. Garnish with chopped chives and serve., ingredients: [12 pound thick cut bacon, 12 cup chopped pecans, 12 cup brown sugar, Freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices rye bread, 12 cup cream cheese, softened, 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped chives, for garnish], title: Pecan Candied Bacon Bites, picturelink: osTswIgiySrxq.9QVfcYITjfzRkvMwq}, 59887: {instructions: Mix the ricotta, confectioners sugar and liqueur in a bowl. Fold in the chocolate chips. Serve with strawberries and wonton triangles, pita chips or cookies for dipping., ingredients: [2 cups whole milk ricotta, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 1 tablespoon orange liqueur, 34 cup mini chocolate chips, Strawberries, crispy wonton triangles, cinnamon pita chips or your favorite cookies, for serving], title: QuickNoli Dip  Quick Cannoli Dip, picturelink: iADJqvyaTpgd.uExJf4hNq0MgZbZYm}, 59888: {instructions: Trim any sinews or connective tissue the beef may have that would toughen during cooking. Cut the meat into 1inch square chunks. Cut the bacon into 12 inch thick slices. In a heavy bottomed casserole, over medium heat, cook the bacon until crisp. Remove the bacon and reserve. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon drippings. Saute the onion and garlic in the remaining drippings until they are soft and translucent, but not browned.nAdd the beef and quickly brown on all sides. Add the chili paste, cumin, cayenne, sugar, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Cook for 2 minutes to release flavors then add the wine. Reduce the wine until the pan is nearly dry before adding the stock. Simmer the beef in the stock for no more than 5 minutes, to prevent the meat from toughening. Add the diced bacon during the last minutes of cooking to extract its smoky flavor and add its distinctive qualities to the finished dish., ingredients: [2 pounds beef tenderloin, round or other cut for quick cooking, 4 ounces good quality smokehousestyle slab bacon, 12 cup finely chopped white onion, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 3 tablespoons chili paste from ancho chili powder, 2 tablespoons toasted and ground cumin seed, 1 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper, 2 tablespoons brown sugar, 12 cup crushed plum tomatoes, drained, 1 teaspoon sea salt, 1 teaspoon ground black pepper, 12 cup Zinfandel or other fullbodied red wine, 1 cup hot beef stock or broth], title: Chunky Beef Chili, picturelink: null}, 59889: {instructions: For the sauce: Mix together the tamarind water, fish sauce, sugar and sea salt in a bowl.nFor the crab: Heat a wok over high heat. Add the oil, garlic, shallots and onions and stirfry until fragrant, 30 seconds. Add the peppercorns and crabs and toss for 7 minutes. Stir in the tamarind sauce and cook until the crab is cooked through, about 1 minute more.nAdd the basil and chiles, toss once more, and serve garnished with more basil and chiles if desired., ingredients: [12 cup tamarind water, 2 tablespoons fish sauce, 2 tablespoons liquid palm sugar or shaved palm sugar jaggery, Pinch sea salt, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 cloves garlic, chopped, 2 red Asian shallots, finely sliced, 12 onion, cut into thick wedges, 1 tablespoon black or Kampot peppercorns, 2 medium blue swimmer crabs, cleaned and quartered, 1 handful fresh Khmer basil or Thai basil, plus more for garnish, optional, 1 long red chile, finely sliced, plus more for garnish, optional], title: Tamarind Crab, picturelink: null}, 59890: {instructions: Combine all ingredients and chill well. Serve over ice., ingredients: [1 bottle Rioja, chilled, 1 cup fresh bing cherries, pitted and sliced, 1 fresh peach, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 orange, sliced, 3 oz. orange liqueur or brandy, Chilled soda water], title: Santana Sangria Punch, picturelink: null}, 59891: {instructions: Divide the ground beef. Shape into 4 patties and season with salt and pepper. Place in a skillet that has been sprayed with nonstick cooking spray over mediumhigh and cook patties 3 minutes on each side. In the last minute of cooking, top the meat patties with cheese so it will melt.nIn a small bowl, mix together the ketchup, sour cream and mayonnaise and spread half onto the hamburger buns and reserve the leftover for a dipping sauce for the French Fries. Place the burgers on buns and top with lettuce and pickles., ingredients: [1 pound ground beef, 80 percent lean, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 slices American cheese, 14 cup ketchup, 14 cup sour cream, 1 tablespoon mayonnaise, 4 hamburger buns, 14 head iceberg lettuce, shredded, 2 dill pickles, sliced], title: Fast Food Cheese Burgers, picturelink: null}, 59892: {instructions: Combine the water and milk in a medium saucepan and warm over low heat until it is about 100 degrees F but no more than 110 degrees. Remove from heat and sprinkle the yeast over the surface over the liquid. Sprinkle a pinch of the sugar over the top and set aside without stirring, until foamy, about 5 minutes.nWhisk the butter, egg yolk and vanilla into the yeast mixture.nWhisk the flour, the sugar, salt and nutmeg in a large bowl. Make a well in the center of the flour and stir in the yeast mixture with a wooden spoon to make a thick and slightly sticky dough. Turn dough onto a floured work surface and knead until soft and elastic, about 6 minutes. Shape into a ball.nBrush the inside of a large bowl with butter. Put dough in the buttered bowl, turning to coat lightly with butter. Cover bowl with plastic wrap, trace a circle the size of the dough on the plastic, and note the time. Let rise at room temperature until doubled in size, about 1 hour 15 minutes.nTurn dough out of the bowl and knead briefly to release excess air reform into a ball and return to the bowl. Lightly butter a large piece of plastic wrap and lay it on the dough. Cover the entire bowl tightly with plastic and proof in the refrigerator for 4 hours or overnight.nTo fill and form the rolls: Butter a 9by13inch baking pan. Whisk the sugar and cinnamon together in a small bowl. Turn prepared dough onto a floured work surface and press, then roll into 10by18inch rectangle, with a long edge facing you. Spread the softened butter evenly over the surface of the dough, leaving about an inch border on the side opposite you. Evenly scatter the cinnamonsugar over the butter. Starting from the long side facing you, roll the dough up into a tight cylinder. Lightly brush the clean edge of the dough with water. Press the open long edge to the dough to seal the cylinder.nSlip a long taut piece of string or dental floss under the roll, about 1 12 inches from the end. Lift and cross the string ends over the roll, then pull the ends tightly in opposite directions to cut a single roll. Repeat, cutting every 1 12 inches, to make 12 rolls. Place the rolls cutsidedown in the prepared pan, leaving 1 inch of space between them. Cover the rolls loosely with plastic wrap. Set aside in a warm place to rise until rolls double in size, about 1 hour 10 minutes.nPosition the rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 350 degrees F.nBake buns until golden brown and the tops of the buns spring back when pressed lightly, about 30 minutes. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes.nTo make the glaze: Sift the confectioners sugar into a medium bowl. Whisk in the condensed milk, butter, and lemon juice to make a smooth, slightly loose icing. Add the vanilla and cinnamon. Drizzle the icing over warm buns. Serve., ingredients: [12 cup water, 12 cup whole milk, 2 14 teaspoons active dry yeast 14 ounce package, 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus more for the bowl, 1 large egg yolk, 1 12 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 2 34 cup allpurpose flour 13 ounces, 14 cup sugar 1 34 ounces, 34 teaspoon fine salt 18 ounce, 12 teaspoon grated nutmeg, 13 cup granulated sugar, 2 tablespoons ground cinnamon, 34 cups 1 12 sticks unsalted butter, very soft, plus more for coating the pan, 23 cups confectioners sugar, 13 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup melted unsalted butter, 3 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Cinnamon Buns, picturelink: Z.Qx4IwMJxyAngPp9VAonVdIXydDfe}, 59893: {instructions: In a large bowl combine half of the crispy noodles, chicken, scallions, cashew nuts, corriander and the bell pepper.nMake the dressing: In a small bowl whisk together the mustard mixture, soy sauce, vinegar, hoisin sauce, allspice, sugar, and salt and pepper to taste, add the oils in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified.nToss the chicken salad with enough dressing to coat and mound it on a platter lined with the lettuce, and top with the sprouts and remaining crispy noodles, ingredients: [1 12 cups crispy chow mein noodles, 3 cups shredded cooked chicken, 1 bunch of scallions, cut into 1inch pieces, 14 cup dryroasted unsalted cashew nuts, 1 cup minced fresh coriander, 1 red bell pepper, cut into julienne strips, 12 teaspoon dry mustard, dissolved in 12 teaspoon water, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 3 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce, 1 teaspoon ground allspice, or to taste, 1 teaspoon sugar, 2 tablespoons Asian sesame oil, 14 cup corn oil, 12 head of lettuce, shredded, 1 bunch soybean sprouts], title: Chinese Chicken Salad, picturelink: null}, 59894: {instructions: Put the olive oil and butter into a large pot over mediumhigh heat. Add the vegetables and toss to coat them well with the fat season with salt and pepper. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Lower the heat to a simmer, cover the pot, and cook until the vegetables are tender, about 20 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the Herb Butter by combining the soft butter and herbs together season with some salt and pepper.nTo serve, spread some Herb Butter in the bottom of a bowl. Add the hot vegetables and dot with more Herb Butter. Moisten with some of the cooking liquid and serve., ingredients: [2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 pound new potatoes, scrubbed, 1 pound baby carrots, trimmed and scrubbed, 1 pound baby turnips, trimmed and scrubbed, 1 pound baby parsnips, trimmed and scrubbed, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 pound unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup mixed chopped fresh herbs like thyme, mint, chives, parsley, or chervil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Herbed Root Vegetables, picturelink: null}, 59895: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium stockpot, combine the chicken stock, celery, carrots, onions, poultry seasoning, dried parsley, cumin, oregano, salt, bay leaf and pepper and boil the mixture for 15 minutes. Spread the French bread cubes evenly over the bottom of a roasting pan. Pour the stock slowly over the French bread and let it sit for 3 minutes. Using a spoon, mix the stock and bread together. Bake until golden brown, about 30 minutes., ingredients: [6 cups chicken stock, 1 cup chopped celery, 34 cup chopped carrots, 34 cup diced onions, 2 teaspoons poultry seasoning, 1 teaspoon dried parsley, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 12 teaspoon dried oregano, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 small bay leaf, Freshly ground black pepper, 6 cups cubed French bread], title: Stuffing, picturelink: null}, 59896: {instructions: Combine the tequila, lime juice and simple syrup in a cocktail shaker with ice. To make a batch of simple syrup, simmer equal parts sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves, then cool. Shake well, then strain into a chilled martini glass salt the rim, if desired. Garnish with mint.nPhotograph by Mark Peterson, ingredients: [1 12 ounces tequila, 1 12 ounces fresh lime juice, 1 ounce simple syrup, Salt, for the glass optional, Fresh mint, for garnish], title: Margarita Martini, picturelink: sJnA1k2KSvihwo4PJtwdFBnD3X6BD.y}, 59897: {instructions: Place potatoes in a bowl and wash under cold, running water until water runs clear. Place in a medium saucepan with 12 teaspoon of the salt. Add enough water to generously cover. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer, and cook, uncovered, until soft, about 15 minutes. While potatoes are warm, mash with a fork or in a food mill.nLet potatoes cool a little, then mix in the oats to make a soft dough. Add the butter and remaining 1 teaspoon salt and mix well. Roll dough to 1inch thickness and cut out 3inch biscuits with a round cutter.nHeat 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet. Add half of the potato and oatmeal cakes and fry until light brown on both sides, about 2 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining cakes, adding more butter to skillet if necessary. Serve warm., ingredients: [3 large potatoes, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 cup rolled oats, 12 cup 1 stick unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons butter for frying], title: Pratie Oaten, picturelink: null}, 59898: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.nPut a cooling rack over a baking sheet. Slice the tomatoes, horizontally, into thirds and arrange the slices on the rack. Put the top and bottom of the tomatoes, cut side up, on the rack. Dress the tomatoes with a little extravirgin olive oil, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and a little fresh thyme. Roast the tomatoes for 1 hour. Remove the tomatoes from the oven and arrange them on a serving platter., ingredients: [4 small vineripe tomatoes, Extravirgin olive oil, for drizzling, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, A few stems thyme, leaves finely chopped], title: Roasted Sliced Tomatoes, picturelink: pjiiwVsFSxE4EZQg92Tfs.LNZDP7TS}, 59899: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, mix together the mayonnaise, lime juice and chipotle until completely combined., ingredients: [12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon lime juice, 1 tablespoon chopped canned chipotle in adobo sauce], title: Katies Chipotle Mayo, picturelink: L7ivG2c62fIIYezaG1tIMPgoaXI7svG}, 59900: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the gazpacho: Place the tomatoes, cucumbers, chiles, shallots, garlic, vinegar, hot sauce, and salt in a blender. Blend until smooth. Taste and adjust the seasoning with salt, to taste. Refrigerate for 2 hours until ready to serve.nFor the croutons: In a large heavybottomed saucepan, pour enough oil to fill the pan with 1 inch of oil. Heat over medium heat until a deepfrying thermometer inserted in the oil reaches 375 degrees F. If you dont have a thermometer, a cube of bread will brown in about 3 minutes. Working in batches, carefully add the polenta cubes and fry, stirring occasionally to keep the cubes separated, until golden brown, about 2 minutes.nDrain on paper towels and sprinkle with the Parmesan.nTo serve: Ladle the gazpacho into 4 soup bowls and top with the polenta croutons., ingredients: [1 pound ripe cherry tomatoes about 4 cups, 2 medium cucumbers, peeled and chopped, or 4 Persian cucumbers, chopped, 1 jalapeno chile, stemmed, seeded, deveined, and coarsely chopped, 1 serrano chile, stemmed, seeded, deveined, and coarsely chopped, 1 large or 2 small shallots, coarsely chopped, 1 clove garlic, smashed, 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar, 2 to 3 teaspoons hot sauce recommended: Tabasco, 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt, plus extra for seasoning, Vegetable oil, for frying, 12 tube 9 ounces storebought, precooked polenta, cut into 12inch cubes, 3 tablespoons grated Parmesan], title: Cherry Tomato and Chile Gazpacho, picturelink: LMwM1ab9I5Qx5ZAmh8gpK0xi7DwBWf2}, 59901: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F. Spray the bottoms and sides of the mini muffin tins with cooking spray.nFor the dough:nIn a food processor, pulse the pecans, sugar, salt, and flour, until the nuts are ground and the ingredients are combined. Add in the butter and pulse until dough resembles coarse meal. Slowly pour in the ice water through the feed tube until the dough comes together. Remove from processor bowl to a clean work surface sprinkled with flour. Form the dough into a ball and divide evenly into 24 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and evenly press into each cup, until the bottom is covered. If the dough is sticky, dip your finger in flour first. Bake until the crusts are very golden, 15 to 18 minutes, until the crusts are very golden. Check periodically to make sure they dont get too brown. Meanwhile, make the filling: In a medium bowl, whisk the egg yolk, corn syrup, sugar, pumpkin filling and vanilla. Stir in the chopped pecans. Remove the dough from the oven and spoon 1 tablespoon of the filling into each cup. Top each with 1 pretty pecan half. Return the pans to the oven and continue baking, for 12 to 15 minutes more, until the pumpkin filling is set. Allow to cool before removing from the pans., ingredients: [Nonstick cooking spray, 14 cup pecans, 14 cup sugar, 12 teaspoon salt, 34 cups allpurpose flour, plus extra for shaping dough, 6 tablespoons butter, icecold, 2 to 3 tablespoons ice water, 1 egg, plus 1 egg yolk, 12 cup dark corn syrup, 1 tablespoon sugar, 12 cup canned pumpkin pie filling, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 14 cup pecans, chopped plus 24 halves for garnish, Special equipment: 2 12cup mini muffin tins], title: Mini Pecan Pumpkin Pies, picturelink: yRykNCJ4L.qxwE8yJs0fjN2o.4od46q}, 59902: {instructions: Saute about 14 of the mushrooms in butter over high heat until browned. Add shallots, reduce heat to keep from burning, and continue sauteing until soft. Add garlic and saute for 1 minute more. Add peas and salami, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Set aside in a sealed plastic container to keep warm. Reserve pot for polenta.nPolenta:nBring water to a boil, then slowly stir in cornmeal with a fork. Reduce heat as low as possible. Continue to cook for 5 to 10 minutes, stirring often. Turn heat off and add cheese and butter, and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Top with ragout and serve., ingredients: [3 ounces mixed mushrooms cremini, shiitake, morel, hedgehog, or chanterelle, 1ounce organic butter, 2 shallots, thinly sliced, 1 clove garlic, thinly sliced, 2 ounces fresh peas, 2 ounces sliced salami, coarsely chopped, Black pepper and Celtic sea salt, 16 ounces water, 4 ounces white cornmeal, 2 ounces grated ParmigianoReggiano, 1ounce organic butter, Black pepper and Celtic sea salt], title: Parmesan Polenta, picturelink: 4pDp42t51UJYXQMJLwD9Og2infE9RC}, 59903: {instructions: To prepare the chocolate cake: preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nButter 4 12 by 18 by 12inch baking sheets, line with parchment paper and butter paper.nIn a mixing bowl, combine the egg yolks and granulated sugar. Cook over a double boiler while whisking until triple in volume, and until the mixture reaches 110 degrees F.nIn another mixing bowl, beat the egg whites until soft peaks. Add the powdered sugar, a little at a time, and continue to beat until stiff but still shiny. Whisk 14 of the meringue into the egg yolk mixture. Gently fold the remaining meringue into the mixture.nCombine the flour, cocoa, almond meal and salt. Sift and gently fold into the egg mixture, a little at a time. Divide evenly into the 4 buttered baking sheets and with an offset spatula, spread evenly. Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or spongy and cooked. Reserve and allow to cool completely.nTo prepare the Coffee Syrup: in a saucepan, bring the water and sugar to a boil for 2 minutes. Turn off heat and stir in instant espresso. Reserve until needed.nTo prepare the Chocolate Mousse: in a saucepan, bring the water and sugar to a boil. Lower to a simmer and reserve. In a mixing bowl, using a whisk, whip the egg yolks on high speed until light and ribbony. Lower the speed and whisk in the hot syrup. Continue to beat until slightly cool. Fold in the melted chocolate and lastly, fold in the whipped cream. Reserve until needed.nTo assemble the 16 layer cake: Cut each cake into 2 pieces horizontally. Place the first layer on a piece of cardboard. Brush with some of the coffee simple syrup. Spread 18 of the chocolate mousse evenly over the cake. Top with another layer of genoise and repeat the process until you have 8 layers of genoise brushed with coffee simple syrup and chocolate mousse. Chill for 2 hours.nTrim off about 14inch from all the sides with a serrated knife that has been dipped in hot water. Pour the ganache over the top of the cake, and using an offset spatula, spread the ganache to evenly cover the top and sides of the cake. Refrigerate for 20 minutes, or until the chocolate hardens. Dust the top with cocoa powder.n2 cups heavy creamn10 ounces bittersweet chocolate, choppednBring the cream to a simmer in a heavy saucepan. Place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl. Pour the cream over the chocolate and whisk until the mixture is smooth. Cool slightly., ingredients: [10 eggs, separated, 1 14 cups granulated sugar, 1 14 cups powdered sugar, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 12 cup cocoa powder, 12 cup almond meal, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon instant espresso, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 9 egg yolks, 1 pound bittersweet chocolate, melted, 2 cups heavy cream, whipped, Chocolate Ganache, recipe follows, Cocoa powder], title: Wolfgangs 16layer Chocolate Cake, picturelink: Q.UbRbJQhAg37AYxlwRd5o3UaFKWA.}, 59904: {instructions: Combine ingredients in a saucepan and bring to a simmer. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 cups grapefruit juice, 1 cup orange juice, 14 cup honey, 1 lemon, sliced, Dash of bitters], title: Citrus Warmer, picturelink: null}, 59905: {instructions: Toss 2 cans chickpeas drained, rinsed and dried, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 teaspoons paprika, 12 teaspoon chipotle chile powder and 1 teaspoon salt. Roast in a 400 degrees F oven until golden, 20 to 25 minutes. Toss with 4 cups baby spinach, 1 12 tablespoons olive oil and salt to taste. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [], title: Spicy Chickpeas and Spinach, picturelink: 8ZSWoXE1j7h6aXhbbQFRGCCg7brGmm}, 59906: {instructions: Using a pestle and mortar, pound coriander roots, salt, garlic, and peppercorns into a fine paste. Cut chicken in half along the breastbone. Flatten out, wash and dry. Work in the paste, fish sauce and sugar and leave to marinate for a few hours.nFor the sweet chili sauce, pound coriander root, salt, garlic and chiles into a paste. Combine vinegar, sugar, water, and salt in a pot and bring to the boil. Add paste and stir to dissolve. Simmer sauce until reduced by half, skimming as necessary, then set aside to cool.nChargrill chicken for about 1520 minutes, turning regularly. Serve with a bowl of the sauce., ingredients: [3 coriander roots, scraped and chopped, Pinch salt, 4 garlic cloves, peeled, 10 white peppercorns, 2 small chickens, about 12 ounces  Poussin or Cornish game hens, 3 tablespoons fish sauce, Large pinch palm sugar, 14 cup scraped and chopped coriander root, Salt, 14 cup garlic cloves, peeled, 12 cup long red chiles, deseeded if desired, 2 cups white vinegar, 1 12 cups white sugar, 2 cups water], title: Gai Yang: Grilled Chicken, picturelink: null}, 59907: {instructions: To make brine, pour 4 cups of water into a nonreactive bowl. Add a small potato about the size of a golf ball to the water. It will sink to the bottom. Now begin pouring salt into the water, mixing gently, until the potato bobs to the surface of the water. Discard potato. Place salmon fillets in brine and allow to soak in a cool place for 1 hour.nRemove salmon fillets from brine solution and pat dry. Set aside. In a measuring cup, blend together honey and whisky. Gently brush fillets with blended honey and whisky mixture. Smoke fillets for 9 hours in smoke house or water smoker. Alternatively, soak wood shavings or chips apple, beech, or untreated cedar in water for about 1 hour. Meanwhile, prepare a small charcoal fire in a domeshaped barbecue. You are trying to maintain a covered temperature somewhere between 200 and 300 degrees F. When the coals are glowing, place salmon fillets on the grill on the side opposite to the coals. Sprinkle damp wood chips over coals and cover grill. Because this method is somewhat hotter than smokehouse or smoker methods, smoke fish for about 45 minutes. Check progress halfway through cooking. You are looking for a bronzed, shiny exterior and a firm buttery interior. Serve fillets with a side of mixed greens and dressing. Top fillets with a small drizzle of Islay whisky.nMake dressing. In a small bowl whisk together the first 6 ingredients in the order in which they appear. Toss mixed greens with dressing until evenly coated. Arrange greens to one side of plate., ingredients: [4 cups cool water, Small potato, for testing salinity, Salt, 6 4ounce fresh salmon fillets, 14 cup liquid honey, 14 cup Islay Whisky, Salad of Fresh Mixed Greens, recipe follows, 2 tablespoons virgin olive oil, 3 tablespoons fresh orange juice, 1 tablespoon oakaged balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon lemon juice, Pinch freshly ground pepper, Small handful fresh tarragon, finely chopped, About 3 handfuls mixed greens], title: Glenmachrie Whiskied Smoked Salmon and Fresh Mixed Green Salad, picturelink: null}, 59908: {instructions: Heat the oven to 425 degrees F.nWhisk the eggs and milk together in a medium bowl. Add the flour, salt, and sugar and whisk to blend. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter and whisk it into the batter.nIn each cup of regular sized muffin tins, divide cold butter, apple and raisins. Place the muffin tins in the oven for 5 minutes to melt the butter and cook the apples slightly.nRemove the tins from the oven and pour the batter into each cup filling them half way up. Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce the heat to 375 degrees F and bake until puffed and golden brown, 15 to 20 minutes more. Serve hot., ingredients: [2 eggs, 1 cup milk, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 1 tablespoon sugar, 2 tablespoons plus 6 tablespoons butter, 1 Granny Smith apple, peeled, cored, and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 cup raisins], title: Juicy Apple Popovers, picturelink: null}, 59909: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSpread the pumpkin seeds and sunflower seeds on a baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes until lightly toasted. Set aside to cool.nReduce the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray. Set aside.nIn a small saucepan, combine the maple syrup, brown sugar, cranberry juice, and cinnamon over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until the sugar has dissolved.nIn a medium bowl, mix together the oats, almonds, pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, and salt.nPour the maple mixture over the oat mixture and stir until combined. Spread the mixture onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake for 20 minutes. Remove the baking sheet from the oven. Stir in the cranberries and bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes until the mixture begins to brown. Cool completely. Store airtight in a plastic container for up to 1 week., ingredients: [13 cup pumpkin seeds, 14 cup sunflower seeds, Nonstick cooking spray, 13 cup maple syrup, 23 cup packed brown sugar, 12 cup unsweetened cranberry juice, 1 12 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 2 cups old fashioned rolled oats, 12 cup chopped roasted and salted almonds, 14 teaspoon fine sea salt, 1 cup dried cranberries], title: Homemade Cranberry Nut Granola, picturelink: Q7cCgAhVKxD7.c9iPIz8VJX30ipxs2}, 59910: {instructions: For the ribeye:nCombine all the ingredients and spread half over the top of steaks. Put plastic wrap over steaks and flip to coat other side with remaining gremolata. Wrap and let sit for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Also can be done using a plastic resealable bag. Flip steaks once while marinating.nHeat grill to mediumhigh heat. Grill steaks for 4 to 5 minutes on each side for mediumrare. Remove to a serving platter and let rest for at least 10 minutes.nFor the cream sauce:nGrill poblano peppers until they are charred and soft. Remove to a cutting board and chop. Add them to a blender along with the remaining ingredients and blend until smoothnTransfer to a serving bowl.nFor the salad:nPlace watermelon slices on the grill until they get nice char marks. Remove to a cutting board and chop. Place the watermelon into a large bowl and add the raspberries, coconut and crumbled feta. In another bowl whisk the onion, vinegar, olive oil, vanilla salt, and cayenne to combine. Pour over the watermelon mixture, add mint, and toss.nFor the onions:nIn a medium saucepan over low heat, add the figs, balsamic vinegar and chili flakes. Simmer until it reduces by 13, then strain the vinegar into a medium bowl. Add the onions and drizzle with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper, to taste, and let marinate for 30 minutes to 1 hour. Place on the grill for a few minutes to char each side.nServe ribeyes with cream sauce, salad and glazed onions., ingredients: [8 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 cup chopped parsley leaves about 12 bunch, 1 lime, zested and juiced, 14 cup olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 1inch thick ribeye steaks, 2 large poblanos, 12 cup freshly chopped parsley leaves, 2 limes, zested and juiced, 14 cup halfandhalf, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 5pound watermelon, peeled, sliced and seeds removed, 1 carton raspberries, 1 cup chopped fresh coconut, 4 ounces feta, crumbled, 14 cup chopped sweet onion, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, Vanilla salt, Pinch cayenne, 1 cup chopped mint leaves, 1 red onion, sliced thick, 1 cup dried mission figs, halved, 2 cups balsamic vinegar, 12 teaspoon red chili flakes, Olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: RibEye Steak in GremolataLike Marinade, picturelink: null}, 59911: {instructions: 1. HEAT oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly spray large cookie sheet with nostick cooking spray.n2. PLACE cake mix in large bowl. Melt shortening in microwavesafe bowl in microwave on HIGH 100 power for 30 seconds. Stir until smooth. Add melted shortening, eggs and water to cake mix. Stir with wooden spoon until evenly moistened. Batter will be stiff. Spray hands with nostick cooking spray. Work dough with hands until cake mix is totally absorbed.n3. DIVIDE dough in half. Shape each half into a 9 x 3inch loaf on prepared cookie sheet.n4. BAKE 25 minutes. Remove from oven. Cool on cookie sheet 15 minutes. Cut each loaf into 34inch slices. Stand upright on cookie sheet.n5. BAKE an additional 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Cool 10 minutes.n6. PLACE each frosting in a separate quartsize resealable food storage bag. Close. Microwave on HIGH 8 seconds or just until soft. Knead gently in bag. Press frosting to one corner of bag. Cut a very small opening off the corner. Drizzle each frosting over cooled biscotti to make stripes., ingredients: [Criscou00ae Original NoStick Cooking Spray, 1 18.25 oz. Pillsburyu00ae Reduced Sugar Devils Food Cake, 12 cup Criscou00ae Butter Shortening, 2 large eggs, 1 tablespoon water, 13 cup Pillsburyu00ae Reduced Sugar Vanilla Frosting, 13 cup Pillsburyu00ae Reduced Sugar Chocolate Fudge Frosting], title: Chocolate Zebra Biscotti, picturelink: QEpFGGmwzgBOoD44xxRhf0irV22jy7.}, 59912: {instructions: Mix together 14 cup of olive oil and the garlic and let rest for 30 minutes. Preheat broiler. Brush both sides of the bread with the garlic oil, place on a baking sheet and broil for 1 to 2 minutes on each side, until lightly golden brown. Heat grill pan over high heat until smoking. Brush steak on both sides with the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill for 4 to 5 minutes until golden brown on 1 side, turn over, reduce heat to medium and continue cooking to mediumrare doneness, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from heat, let rest 10 minutes and slice into 14inch thick slices.nCombine all ingredients in a bowl.nAssemble: Arugula Toasted Italian bread Sliced steak TomatoOlive RelishnPlace arugula on 4 slices of toast. Top with several slices of steak and a large spoonful of relish. Top with the remaining bread slices.nHeat olive oil in a medium cast iron skillet over medium heat. Add onions and cook until soft. Add peppers and garlic and cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Add potatoes and cook until golden brown, season with salt and pepper., ingredients: [14 cup plus 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 cloves garlic, smashed, 8 1inch thick slices of Italian bread, 1 porterhouse steak, about 2 pounds, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 vineripened tomatoes, diced, 3 tablespoons pitted and chopped Nicoise olives, 2 tablespoons finely sliced basil, 2 tablespoons finely diced red onion, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 3 tablespoons olive oil, 1 large red onion, thinly sliced, 1 large red bell pepper, finely diced, 1 large yellow bell pepper, finely diced, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 6 large Yukon Gold potatoes, skin on, parboiled and diced, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 cup finely chopped fresh parsley], title: Steak Sandwich on Toasted Garlic Bread with TomatoBlack Olive Relish with Skillet Fries, picturelink: null}, 59913: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nLightly scrub the sweet potatoes under cold running water. Place the potatoes on a roasting tray and bake until tender, 1 hour 15 minutes. Remove from the oven and allow the potatoes to cool slightly before cutting off the top third of the potatoes lengthwise. Scoop out the flesh using a large spoon leave enough on the base so the skin holds its shape and reserve bases.nAdd the potato flesh, 2 tablespoons of the sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, cayenne pepper and butter to a food processor. Process until the ingredients are completely combined and the puree is smooth. Season with salt and pepper. Drizzle a roasting tray with a little oil. Set the potato skin bases upright on the tray and fill with the mixture.nCombine the remaining 3 tablespoons sugar and pecans in a small bowl. Sprinkle the top of each stuffed sweet potato with the sugarpecan topping. Bake 10 minutes. Finish the potatoes under the broiler for the top to brown, 1 minute, if desired., ingredients: [4 mediumsize sweet potatoes, 5 tablespoons light brown sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground nutmeg, Pinch cayenne pepper, 12 stick unsalted butter, Vegetable oil, for greasing roasting tray, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup chopped pecans], title: TwiceBaked Sweet Potatoes, picturelink: 3uPaLJu.GLEPNNzXG1nGsKJ3Edy24aC}, 59914: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the marinated steak: Combine the fish sauce, ginger, garlic, honey, lime juice and 1 tablespoon of the sliced scallions in a bowl and whisk to combine. Add the steak and toss well to coat.nFor the stirfry: Mix the remaining sliced scallions with the garlic and ginger in a small bowl and set aside.nHeat a large nonstick saute pan or wok over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of the vegetable oil and half of the steak. Spread into a single layer and let sear 30 seconds. Toss the meat, spread back out and sear again, another 1 12 to 2 minutes. Toss once more and remove to a serving dish. Return the pan to the heat until hot. Add another tablespoon vegetable oil and the remaining meat and repeat.nReturn the pan to the heat until hot. Add another tablespoon of oil and half of the reserved garlic, ginger and scallion mixture. Cook the aromatics for about 30 seconds, then add half of the vegetables and cook, adding 1 to 1 12 tablespoons soy sauce and about 2 ounces of water to the pan as the vegetables cook, about 4 minutes. Transfer to the serving dish. Wipe out the pan, return to the heat, add the remaining tablespoon oil and repeat with the remaining aromatics, vegetables and soy sauce. Make sure to reheat the pan completely between batches.nToss the meat and vegetables together in the serving dish and serve with steamed white rice., ingredients: [2 tablespoons fish sauce or soy sauce, 1 heaping tablespoon finely sliced fresh ginger, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons honey, Juice of 12 lime, 1 bunch scallions, sliced, 1 pound flank steak, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 tablespoon finely sliced fresh ginger, 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, 4 cups thinly sliced vegetables bell peppers, broccoli, snow peas, bok choy, etc., 2 to 3 tablespoons soy sauce, Steamed rice, for serving], title: Flank Steak StirFry, picturelink: JE3BMGPMMU.ax9EN8vDJYX6oVxZN56}, 59915: {instructions: Put the potatoes, garlic, bay leaves, onions, 2 tablespoons of the seafood seasoning and 4 cups water in the insert of a 6quart slow cooker. Stir to combine. Cover with a lid and cook on low heat for 4 hours.nRemove the lid and switch to high heat. Gently stir in the corn, shrimp, sausage and the remaining 2 tablespoons seafood seasoning. Cover with a lid and cook until the shrimp turn opaque and the sausage is warm through, 30 to 45 minutes. Gently stir in the parsley and lemon juice.nServe directly from the slow cooker or pour into a large serving bowl and serve immediately with crusty bread., ingredients: [14 cup seafood seasoning, such as Old Bay, 2 large ears yellow corn, husked and cut in to 1inch pieces, 1 12 pounds large, deveined, shellon shrimp, 8 ounces kielbasa, halved lengthwise and cut into 2inch pieces, 3 cloves garlic, lightly smashed, 2 bay leaves, 2 medium yellow onions, cut into eighths, 12 cup chopped fresh parsley, 14 cup fresh lemon juice, Crusty bread, for serving, 3 pounds very small red bliss potatoes each about 1inch in diameter], title: SlowCooker Shrimp Boil, picturelink: hL1PHxPQPRz7Ico7XFGCPJBCm8EKnM.}, 59916: {instructions: Whisk together ancho puree, garlic, fennel, allspice, orange juice, honey, olive oil, and oregano in a mediumbaking dish. Add the tuna and turn to coat. Refrigerate for 20 minutes, covered.nHeat grill pan over high heat. Remove tuna from marinade and season with salt and pepper to taste on both sides. Sear on 1 side until golden brown, about 1 12 to 2 minutes. Turn over and cook for 1 minute for mediumrare doneness.nPlace two SpinachTomatillo Rice Cakes onto a plate. Prop a tuna steak on top of the cakes at an angle. Drizzle the plate with the Ancho Chile Red Wine Sauce.nPlace water in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil. Heat olive oil in a medium highsided saute pan over medium heat. Add the rice and stir to coat. Add 2 cups of the hot water and stir until evaporated. Repeat with the remaining water until the rice is al dente. Stir in the cheese and butter until combined. Stir in the spinach and tomatillo sauce, season with salt and pepper. Spread the mixture evenly out onto a sheet pan, cover and place in the refrigerator until firm, about 1 hour.nRemove the risotto from the refrigerator and cut out 8 2inch circles. Place the flour onto a plate and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Dredge the risotto circles on both sides in the flour and tap of the excess. Heat the butter and oil in a large saute pan over high heat. Saute the cakes until golden brown on both sides. Remove to a plate lined with paper towels.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F. Place tomatillos, garlic, and onions on a medium baking sheet, toss with oil and season with salt and pepper. Roast until all vegetables are soft, about 20 to 25 minutes.nPlace roasted vegetables and remaining ingredients in a food processor and process until smooth.nCombine ancho puree and wine in a small saucepan and cook until reduced by half. Add the mixture to a blender with the vinegar and honey, blend until smooth and season with salt and pepper, to taste. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Reseason, if needed., ingredients: [2 ancho chilies, soaked, seeded and pureed, 4 cloves chopped garlic, 2 teaspoons fennel seeds, toasted, 2 teaspoons whole allspice, toasted, 2 cups freshly squeezed orange juice, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 8 sprigs Mexican oregano, 4 tuna steaks, 6 ounces each, Salt and pepper, SpinachTomatillo Rice Cake, recipe follows, Ancho Chile Red Wine Sauce, recipe follows, 6 to 8 cups water, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 12 cups arborio rice, 12 cup grated Parmesan, 2 tablespoons unsalted cold butter, plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter for sauteing, 1 pound spinach, blanched, squeezed dry and finely chopped, Tomatillo Sauce, recipe follows, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup flour, 6 tomatillos, husked and scrubbed, 6 cloves garlic, 1 onion, quartered, 3 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons chipotle pepper puree, 14 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons honey, 2 ancho chilies, soaked until soft, seeded and pureed, 3 cups dry red wine, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons honey, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 cup olive oil], title: Marinated Tuna Steaks with Ancho Chile Red Wine Sauce and SpinachTomatillo Rice Cake, picturelink: null}, 59917: {instructions: The stems and caps of the mushrooms are used for different parts of the recipe, so separating them is the first step. Take a knife and cut the stems from the caps of all the different mushroom varieties, put the caps in one bowl, and the stems in another. Next we make a stock by placing all the mushroom stems into a pot, along with the bay leaves, white peppercorns, teaspoon of salt and water. Bring that to a heavy boil, and let reduce. All of this needs to reduce to 14 of a cup of finished stock, so patience is needed. After about 15 to 20 minutes on high heat, take the stock and pour through a fine strainer, if 14 cup of liquid is left, discard the pulp and save the liquid off to one side. Take the mushroom caps, and slice them. Add the sliced mushroom caps and saute in butter until tender. Then add in the shallots and garlic, and only saute for about another minute, or until the shallots and garlic are translucent. Pull the saute pan off the stove, and add the curry powder, fresh herbs, red bell peppers, oils, rice vinegar, pinch of salt and pepper, and mushroom stock. Pour this mixture into a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap, and let sit in a warm place for 1 hour, to allow all the flavors and aromas of the stock to infuse into the mushrooms. Strain this salad, and serve the mushrooms on one plate, and save the stock as a dressing., ingredients: [1 cup shiitake mushrooms, 1 cup crimini mushrooms, 1 cup button mushrooms, 1 cup morel mushrooms, 1 cup portobello mushrooms, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon white peppercorns, 1 teaspoon salt, 4 cups water, 3 tablespoons clarified butter, 2 shallots, diced, 2 cloves garlic, minced, 2 tablespoons yellow curry powder, 2 tablespoons fresh basil, thyme, rosemary and parsley, chopped, 14 cup red bell pepper, diced, 14 cup Spanish olive oil, 14 cup white truffle oil or Hazelnut oil, 34 cup rice vinegar, 1 pinch salt and pepper], title: Wild Mushroom Salad, picturelink: null}, 59918: {instructions: In a large heavy pot heat 3 tablespoons oil and saute the leeks until tender, about 5 to 8 minutes. Reserve 3 large cloves of the garlic. Add the remaining garlic and sweet potatoes to the pot and stir to combine. Add enough chicken stock or water to barely cover the vegetables. Season with salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer until the sweet potatoes are very tender about 20 to 30 minutes.nCut the reserved 3 cloves of garlic into very thin slices. In a small skillet heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil and cook the sliced garlic until golden. Transfer garlic chips to paper towels to drain.nIn a blender puree the soup, in batches, until smooth and transfer to another pot. Taste soup and adjust seasoning if necessary. Return soup to a simmer. Ladle soup into serving bowls and garnish with garlic chips, crumbled feta cheese and chives., ingredients: [14 cup plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 3 medium leeks, trimmed and coarsely chopped, 1 large head garlic, cloves separated and peeled, 3 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1inch chunks, 8 to 10 cups chicken stock or water, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup crumbled feta cheese, 14 cup finely chopped fresh chives], title: Garlic and Sweet Potato Soup, picturelink: null}, 59919: {instructions: Coat the pork butt with the mustard. Apply the spice rub all over the pork butt, creating a paste with the mustard. Place the pork, fat side up, in a preheated 225 to 250 degree F smoker for 10 12 hours, or until the internal temperature reaches 190 to 200 degrees F. During the smoking process, leave the smoker closed for the first 2 hours and then spray the pork with a small amount of apple juice or cider every 2 hours thereafter.nRemove pork butt from the smoker and let rest for at least 15 minutes before pulling apart., ingredients: [1 7 to 8 pound Boston pork butt, 2 tablespoons yellow mustard, 4 ounces spice rub recommended: Out of this World BBQ Rub, 1 cup apple juice or apple cider], title: Smoked Boston Pork Butt, picturelink: 6G1wANIOWcdIVM6oCE86HbqqZguLa}, 59920: {instructions: Melt 23 cup of the shortening in a saucepan and set aside. With an electric mixer, beat the other 1 13 cups of the shortening until fluffy and gradually and alternately begin adding the harina, baking powder, and stock, mixing well after each addition. Then gradually add the melted shortening mixing completely after each addition. Cover the bowl of dough with a damp kitchen towel and set aside in a warm place for at least 30 minutes.nHeat the grapeseed oil over mediumhigh heat on the griddle. Form 1 to 2 tablespoons of the dough into 4 to 6inch disks. The New Mexican version shown on the episode is thicker than the Latin American version.. Cook on the griddle for 1 or 2 minutes, flip with large pancake turner and cook the other side.nAllow to rest than serve warm or at room temperature, or use as needed for the component of another recipe., ingredients: [2 cups lard or shortening, 2 23 cups harina de trigo wheat flour, such as that made by Goya Foods or white corn harina corn flour made from hominy, such as Bobs Red Mill or Goya Foods, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 cups chicken stock, 2 tablespoons grapeseed oil, or as needed for the griddle], title: White Flour Tortillas, picturelink: SVdL0xSGBEfHou9XWIoB.CE9PwUpxe}, 59921: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: a slow cookernCut the racks into 2rib pieces, season with salt and pepper and put into a slow cooker.nIn a bowl, mix together the preserves, ketchup, mustard, soy sauce, garlic, chipotles, ginger and hot sauce. Pour the mixture over the ribs and cover. Cook on low for 6 to 8 hours or high for 3 to 4 hours.nWhen the ribs are cooked, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with foil.nCarefully remove the ribs from the slow cooker and place them in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Skim the fat from the juices and transfer the juices to a pan. Place the pan on mediumhigh heat and bring to a simmer.nMix the cornstarch and 3 tablespoons water in a small bowl to create a slurry. Stir the slurry into the juices in the pan and cook until the desired thickness.nBrush the ribs with the sauce and bake, brushing with more sauce every 10 to 15 minutes, until the ribs are glazed and sticky, about 45 minutes. Serve with extra sauce., ingredients: [2 racks pork ribs, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 13ounce jar apricot preserves, 1 cup ketchup, 14 cup yellow mustard, 14 cup soy sauce, 6 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 2 canned chipotle peppers in adobo, finely chopped, 1inch piece fresh ginger, finely chopped, Hot sauce, to taste, 3 tablespoons cornstarch], title: Sticky Spicy SlowCooked Ribs, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 59922: {instructions: Heat the oil in a large stockpot and brown the onion. Add the smoked fish, the tomato paste, and 14 cup of the salted water. While the onion mixture is browning, prepare the stuffing for the sea bass steaks by placing the parsley, garlic, chile, and scallions in a food processor and pulsing until they form a thick paste. When the paste is ready, score the sea bass steaks and poke the stuffing into the slits.nPlace the sea bass in the stockpot with the onion mixture, allow it to cook for 5 minutes, and add the remaining water. When the fish mixture comes to a boil, cover the pot, lower the heat, and add the vegetables in the order given, finishing off with the pricked habanero chile, which you will remove and reserve when the thiebou dienn is spicy enough for you. Cook for 20 minutes. Remove the sea bass steaks keeping them whole, and place them on a serving platter. Cover them with a bit of the cooking liquid, and keep them warm.nContinue cooking the thiebou dienn for an additionaly 15 minutes, then remove the vegetables and arrange them on a platter and keep them warm. Reserve 2 cups of the cooking liquid to make the sauces. Return the remaining liquid to a boil, add the rice, cover, and cook for 20 minutes, or until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is done.nWhile the rice is cooking, pulverize the habanero chile that you have reserved and add it to 1 cup of the reserved cooking liquid. Heat it, stirring occasionally, and place it in a sauceboat. Heat the remaining cup of reserved cooking liquid and place it in a separate sauceboat. This will give you a regular sauce and a fiery hot one.nWhen ready to serve, mound the rice on one platter and the fish and vegetables on another. Alternatively, you can place the rice in a large basin or deep dish and arrange the vegetables and fish on top and eat Senegalesestyle with your hands right hand only, please or with a large spoon., ingredients: [4 tablespoons peanut oil, 2 large onions, minced, 3inch piece smoked fish guedge or yete if possible, 1 6ounce can tomato paste, 9 cups slightly salted cold water, 1 bunch parsley, trimmed, 2 large cloves garlic, 1 fresh bird chile, 2 scallions, 3 pounds sea bass tail, cleaned and cut into steaks 1 12 inches thick, 12 pound calabaza, peeled and cut into 1inch dice, 12 pound sweet cassava, peeled and cut into 1inch dice, 5 small purple turnips, quartered, 1 small green cabbage, cut into eighths, 4 sweet potatoes, quartered, 2 small eggplants, cut into 1inch slices, 5 carrots, scraped and cut into chunks, 12 small okra pods, washed and topped and tailed any hard pods discarded, 1 habanero chile, pricked with a fork, 2 pounds broken rice], title: Thiebou Dienn Sous Verre Senegalese Rice and Fish Stew, picturelink: null}, 59923: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine sugar, salt and chili powder in a dry, small bowl and stir to incorporate. Place in a shallow serving dish.nThread 3 pineapple chunks each onto 6inch wooden skewers. Arrange skewers on a serving dish serve with sugar dip., ingredients: [13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 12 teaspoons chili powder, 1 pineapple, peeled, cored and cut into 1 12inch chunks about 3 cups, Wooden skewers, for serving], title: Pineapple with Spicy Sugar Dip, picturelink: ELPzgNyLZThHibUHoRZpZuH00Cl.oCC}, 59924: {instructions: Prepare rice according to package directions adding cinnamon stick and using chicken broth for water.nMix together cumin powder, salt and pepper reserve 12 teaspoon. Rub seasoning mix onto pork and grill to desired doneness.nMelt butter in a medium skillet over medium heat add reserved cumin mixture, onions, orange juice, and spinach. Saute for 5 minutes. Stir in cooked rice. Serve with grilled pork., ingredients: [1 bag Successu00ae Jasmine Rice, Successu00ae White Rice or Successu00ae Brown Rice, 1 cinnamon stick, 2 cans 14 12 oz. low sodium chicken broth, 1 Tbsp cumin powder, 12 tsp salt, 12 tsp pepper, 1 pork tenderloin about 1 lb, 2 Tbsps unsalted butter, 12 cup onion, minced, 4 Tbsps orange juice, 1 pkg 10 oz. frozen spinach, thawed and drained], title: Cumin Rubbed Grilled Pork Tenderloin with Orange Cinnamon Rice Pilaf, picturelink: HZ6mZkoiGj9yLq2FaNBxgNd8Jqv.ZG}, 59925: {instructions: Put the coffee in a mug, add the espressoflavored tequila and top with the chili powder and cinnamon., ingredients: [1 cup hot brewed coffee, 1 shot espressoflavored tequila, Pinch chili powder, Pinch ground cinnamon], title: JMs Mexican Coffee, picturelink: FIt8e1EpQZaVCX2wqgVAZrOKhyat6}, 59926: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a food processor, fitted with a metal blade, combine the almonds and brown sugar. Process until completely ground. Using an electric mixer, fitted with a whip attachment, whip the egg whites and cream of tartar on low speed until frothy. Add 1 12 cups of confectioners sugar. Increase the speed to mediumhigh and continue whipping until very stiff peaks and the whites just begin to slip and streak around the side of the bowl. Remove the bowl from the mixture and fold in the almond and sugar mixture. When almost completely incorporated, add the 2 teaspoons of coffee and continue folding until mixed. The batter must be smooth an shiny, and it should spread easily without being runny. If it is dull and firm, fold it a little longer to deflate it slightly and get the required consistency. But do not deflate it too much or the batter with spread too much and the tops of the cookies will crack when baked. Fill a large pastry bag, fitted with a 34 inch plain pastry tube, with the batter. Line two half sheet pans with parchment paper. Pipe the domes in staggering rows 1 inch wide and 1 inch apart. Unless you have 2 ovens, pipe only 1 sheet of cookies at a time. Bake for 1 minute. Place an empty baking sheet underneath the sheet of cookies, and continue baking, using a wooden spatula to hold the oven door ajar, until the tops of the cookies are very lightly browned and dry to the touch white the insides are still soft and the bottoms still pale, about 8 to 10 minutes. Lift the baking sheet of cookies off the empty baking sheet and take it to the sink. Pour cold water, about 12 cup, between the paper and the baking sheet tilting the baking sheet so that the water runs over the entire surface and drains thoroughly into the sink to steam the cookies off the paper. Then place the baking sheet on a wire rack and cool. Spread the bottoms of half the cookies with some of the Ganache. Place the remaining cookies, right side up, on top of the Ganache, pressing slightly to form a sandwich. Place the filled macaroons on a serving plate.nChop the chocolate and put it in a small stainless steel bowl. Bring the cream just to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 2 minutes, stirring constantly with a wire whisk. Gradually stir the cream into the chocolate with the whisk and continue stirring until the chocolate is completely melted. Then, allow it to cool, stirring occasionally with a wooden spatula, until it starts to thicken., ingredients: [34 cup blanched almonds, 2 tablespoons light brown sugar, 1 12 cups confectioners sugar, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 18 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 tablespoon freezedried coffee, dissolved in 1 teaspoon boiling water, 1 cup chocolate Ganache, at room temperature, 2 14 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon heavy cream], title: Coffee Macaroons, picturelink: WDpN7BDlc7rzV8q.6lLFLynTCQQ4oD.}, 59927: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar, mustard, garlic, egg yolk, salt, and pepper. While whisking, slowly add the olive oil until the vinaigrette is emulsified.nToss the greens with enough dressing to moisten and serve.nNote: If youre worried about raw egg, eliminate it from the recipe.nRAW EGG WARNINGnFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the slight risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell., ingredients: [3 tablespoons Champagne vinegar, 12 teaspoon Dijon mustard, 12 teaspoon minced fresh garlic, 1 extralarge egg yolk, at room temperature, 34 teaspoon kosher salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup good olive oil, Salad greens or mesclun mix for 6 to 8 people], title: Green Salad with Mustard Vinaigrette, picturelink: uBn2G4HVGFOSAtdWB7uiEy9.pGQrQO}, 59928: {instructions: Preheat oven to 375 degrees.nToss all the ingredients together. Transfer almonds to a greased baking sheet. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes until lightly toasted, stirring occasionally. Cool. Store in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 cups whole blanched almonds, 14 cup honey, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 orange, zest grated], title: Honey Glazed Nuts, picturelink: 6TqRFWpMRADRcSmSYBzqZ9F4dgjpclK}, 59929: {instructions: Combine egg whites with cream of tartar in bowl of an electric mixer. Beat on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually sprinkle in sugar, beating at high speed until mixture is very stiff and dull looking.nScrape meringue mixture into pastry bag. Pipe round, button shapes to make mushroom caps. Pipe pointed kiss shapes about one inch tall to make stems. Dust with cocoa. Bake two hours in 200 degree oven until crisp and completely dry. Assemble the mushrooms: Place chocolate in a small bowl. Set bowl in a skillet of barely simmering water. Immediately turn off heat and stir chocolate until melted and smooth. Spread a little melted chocolate on the flat side of each meringue mushroom cap. Use a sharp knife to cut off and discard the pointed ends of meringue stems. Attach stems to caps while chocolate is still soft. Set assembled mushrooms aside until the chocolate has dried and caps and stems are glued together. Meringue mushrooms may be made 34 weeks in advance and stored in an airtight container., ingredients: [4 large egg whites, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, 1 cup sugar preferably superfine, 2 teaspoons unsweetened cocoa, 2 ounces bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, cut into small pieces, Cookie sheet lined with parchment paper, Pastry bag fitted with plain 12inch tip Ateco 8], title: Meringue Mushrooms, picturelink: null}, 59930: {instructions: Whisk together the oil and vinegar in a mediummixing bowl. Add the black pepper, salt, lime juice, hot sauce, scallions, parsley, and lemon and stir to combine. Taste and adjust the seasoning if desired. Add the fish and gently mix to combine.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. In a medium saucepan over low heat, bring the olive oil to 300 to 310 degrees F. While the oil is heating, season the flounder fillets on all sides with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper. Lay half of the sliced lemons and half of the parsley in the bottom of a cast iron skillet large enough to hold the fillets in a single layer without overlapping. Lay the seasoned fillets on top of the lemons. Top with the remaining lemons and parsley. Once the oil has reached temperature, gently pour it over the fillets, and place in the oven and poach for 10 minutes. Allow to cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [12 cup leftover poaching oil from Oil Poached Flounder, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 18 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice, 8 to 10 drops hot sauce, 2 tablespoons chopped scallions, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 2 lemon slices from Oil Poached Flounder, recipe follows, finely minced, 16 ounces leftover Oil Poached Flounder, recipe follows, flaked, 3 cups olive oil, 1 12 to 2 pounds flounder fillets, Kosher salt, Freshly ground black pepper, 2 lemons, thinly sliced, 1 small bunch fresh parsley, thoroughly dried], title: Flounder Fish Salad, picturelink: null}, 59931: {instructions: In a large skillet heat the oil. When almost smoking, add the onions and garlic over mediumlow heat until the onions have wilted, about 8 minutes. Add the mushrooms and season with salt and pepper. Raise heat to high and saute until mushrooms are tender and all the liquid has evaporated. Remove pan from heat and pour in Marsala. Return pan to stove and allow wine to evaporate, about 3 minutes. Add chicken broth and simmer for 12 hour until the sauce has reduced by half. Add heavy cream and mix well. Take the pan off the heat and add the fresh herbs and Parmesan. Season with salt and pepper. Mix thoroughly and keep warm., ingredients: [14 cup extravirgin olive oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 pound mixed mushrooms cremini, oyster, shiitake chopped, 12 cup Marsala, 2 cups chicken broth, 13 cup heavy cream, 5 fresh basil leaves, chopped, 14 cup flatleaf Italian parsley, chopped, 12 to 34 cup grated Parmesan, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Mushroom Ragu, picturelink: null}, 59932: {instructions: Preheat the grill to high heat.nSprinkle the beef with salt and pepper and form into 3 patties. Grill to desired doneness.nMeanwhile, alongside the beef on the grill, cook the bacon to desired crispness and toast the buns. Fry the eggs sunnyside up on the grill, and then transfer to a plate.nWhen the burgers are almost done cooking, top with the cheese curds.nTop each burger patty with 1 egg, 4 strips of the bacon, 1 lettuce leaf, 2 tomato slices, 3 pickle slices, 5 jalapeno slices, 2 onion slices and 1 teaspoon of the aioli and serve on the toasted buns., ingredients: [12 ounces Angus chuck ground beef, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 12 strips bacon, 3 sesame seed burger buns, 3 organic freerange eggs, 4 14 ounces Quebec cheese curds, 3 leaves lettuce, for serving, 6 slices heirloom tomato, for serving, 9 slices dill pickle, for serving, 15 slices jalapeno, for serving, 6 slices red onion, for serving, 3 teaspoons Portuguese pepper aioli or your favorite aioli, for serving], title: Whole Truck Burger, picturelink: null}, 59933: {instructions: To make the white mirepoix, mix the onion, lemon grass, celery, and leek and refrigerate until cold, at least 4 hours, preferably overnight. In combination with the fish and egg whites, the mirepoix will form the clarification to make the consomme crystal clear. This combination of ingredients will form what is referred to as a raft that essentially coagulates as the consomme clarifies. Mix the chilled mirepoix, ginger root, fish scraps, shrimp shells, and egg white and add to a stockpot. Pour in the chilled fish stock. Add the lemon juice. Bring to a simmer just below a boil in classical cooking over low heat, stirring frequently so that the clarification ingredients remain free floating. Please note that the heat must be kept at a simmer, low enough so that the raft which is forming does not break apart from the action of cooking and high enough to cook out the impurities so that they can be collected in the raft. Once the raft forms and rises to the surface, cease stirring. However, gather some broth from the edge of the pot and baste the raft to keep it from breaking apart. After 60 to 90 minutes at the correct simmer, the raft will begin to sink, at which point the consomme is finished.nFor the edamame, add soybeans in their pods to a pot and cover with water. Boil until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and set aside until cool enough to handle. Remove soybeans from their pods and set aside until needed.nIn a food processor blend shrimp, egg whites, scallions, salt and pepper to a paste. Spoon some of this mixture into a pastry bag with a 12inch plain tip. Pipe tiny dumplings into the consomme and poach.nSpoon 14 cup edamame into bowls, and ladle soup over., ingredients: [1 large white onion, minced, 12 cup minced lemon grass, packed, 2 large stalks celery, well scrubbed and minced, 1 large leek, soaked several times in salt water to remove grit, minced, 1ounce fresh ginger root, covering scraped off with the tip of a spoon and minced, 34 pound lean fish scraps and shrimp shells, 3 egg whites, 2 quarts fish stock, chilled, 1 lemon, juiced, 1 pound edamame immature soybeans in their pods, 1 pound 3140 shrimp, deveined, shells and tails removed, and all other black veins removed, 8 egg whites, 3 scallions, white and tender green parts only, sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Fish Consomme with Shrimp Dumplings and Edamame, picturelink: null}, 59934: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a medium bowl, combine panko, fontina, and sage. Stand roast on end and insert thinbladed knife down center of loin to make 2inch opening all the way through. Use your fingers to force the slit into a long 1inchdiameter hole. Pack panko mixture into hole, working from both ends of roast. Season roast on all sides with salt and pepper.nPlace roast, fat side up, on work surface. Arrange prosciutto slices across top of roast. Tie with kitchen twine at 1 to 1 12inch intervals. Place in shallow roasting pan, prosciutto side up, and roast 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until internal temperature reaches 145 degrees F.nRemove roast from oven and let rest 10 minutes. Remove twine. Slice roast and arrange on serving platter. Serve drizzled with any pan juices., ingredients: [2 12 pound boneless top loin pork roast, 23 cup panko, Japanese bread crumbs, 13 cup fontina cheese, shredded about 1 ounce, 1 tablespoon fresh sage, chopped, salt and pepper, 4 thin slices prosciutto], title: Pork Loin with Prosciutto, Fontina, and Sage, picturelink: N95vTZJaVNC8iC4gnaRluAR2neCwi}, 59935: {instructions: In a large bowl, sift together flour, salt, and baking powder. Set aside.nIn the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg beat until combined. Gradually add sifted ingredients, and mix on low speed until combined. Add vanilla. Shape dough into a disk, wrap in plastic, and chill until firm, about 30 minutes.nHeat oven to 325 degrees F.nOn a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 14inch thick. Using a 1 12inch round cookie cutter, cut out about 4 dozen circles. Using a clean rubber stamp, imprint an initial into the center of each cookie. Transfer to ungreased baking sheets, and refrigerate until firm, about 15 minutes.nBake until edges start to brown, about 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer cookies to a rack to cool.nIn a small bowl, combine 3 tablespoons meringue powder with 2 tablespoons water until smooth. Decorate 1 cookie at a time using a small paintbrush, lightly brush each imprinted initial with meringue. Sprinkle sanding sugar in the initial, and tap out excess over a small bowl. Using a toothpick or small dry paintbrush, gently remove the excess sugar in and around the letter. Brush the edge of each cookie with meringue. Roll the edge of each cookie in sanding sugar to coat. Transfer cookies to a cooling rack set over a sheet pan to dry completely, 1 to 2 hours. Cookies can be stored at room temperature in an airtight container up to 4 days., ingredients: [2 cups allpurpose flour, sifted, plus more for rolling, 14 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 1 cup granulated sugar, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 3 tablespoons meringue powder, 2 tablespoons water, 12 cup sanding sugar], title: Monogram Cookies, picturelink: null}, 59936: {instructions: In a large heavy saucepan, stir the sugar and cornstarch to blend. Whisk in the cream and milk and cook over medium heat, whisking constantly, about 10 minutes, or until the mixture thickens and begins to bubble.nTransfer the cream mixture to a heatproof bowl and add the mint. Set the bowl over a bowl of ice water to cool the mixture down quickly and stir occasionally until cool discard the mint after 5 minutes. Dont steep the mint for too long or it will impart a grassy flavor a quick steep while the cream cools will do. Cover the mint cream and refrigerate about 4 hours, or until completely cold.nFreeze the mint cream in an ice cream maker according to the manufacturers instructions until frozen.nMeanwhile, place the chocolate in a heatproof bowl, set it over a saucepan of simmering water and stir the chocolate until it has just melted. Remove from the heat and cool until the chocolate is barely warm and still fluid.nTransfer the gelato to a large bowl set over a bowl of ice. Working quickly, drizzle the melted chocolate into the gelato while whisking or stirring vigorously. The chocolate will flake apart as it hits the cold gelato, forming bits of chocolate throughout. If you prefer larger pieces of chocolate throughout the gelato, use a wooden spoon to slowly stir in the melted chocolate. Serve immediately, or transfer to a container and freeze until firm, 3 to 4 hours.nCurtis serves his homemade gelato between waffle cookies.nPhotograph by Ray Kachatorian, ingredients: [1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, 2 cups heavy cream, 2 cups whole milk, 6 fresh mint sprigs, 4 ounces bittersweet chocolate 70 cacao, chopped], title: Fresh Mint Chip Gelato, picturelink: DD1B1hPkcbFQ3QFt4tUdEP23cYmZ7m}, 59937: {instructions: Heat the oil in a medium skillet over high heat. Add the corned beef and cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until it releases some fat and browns slightly, about 3 minutes. Stir in the onion, bell pepper and potatoes and cook, undisturbed, until brown and crisp on the bottom, about 6 minutes. Continue cooking, turning the hash as it browns evenly, about 15 more minutes.nMeanwhile, heat the butter in a nonstick skillet over mediumhigh heat. Fry the eggs sunnyside up or over easy season with salt and pepper.nPlace the cheese slices on top of the hash, reduce the heat and let sit until the cheese melts, about 1 minute. To serve, top each portion of hash with a fried egg., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces cooked corned beef, diced, 1 white onion, finely chopped, 1 bell pepper, finely chopped, 2 medium baking potatoes, peeled and shredded about 2 cups, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, 4 large eggs, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 4 slices cheddar cheese about 2 ounces], title: Corned Beef Hash, picturelink: Tv6HOeMe4Jtr5dYuum4qUXLv8jWaPa}, 59938: {instructions: Boil a large pot of salted water over high heat. Cook the noodles until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, 4 to 5 minutes. Rinse the noodles in cold water, drain and place in a serving bowl.nFor the dressing: Combine the almond butter, soy sauce, lime juice, olive oil, sesame oil, honey, wasabi and ginger in a blender. Blend until smooth.nPour the dressing over the noodles. Add the cabbage, green onions, bell peppers, cucumbers and almonds. Toss until all the ingredients are coated. Garnish with sesame seeds and serve., ingredients: [Kosher salt, 8 ounces dried buckwheat soba noodles, 13 cup creamy almond butter, 14 cup soy sauce, 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice, 3 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 1 12 tablespoons honey, 2 teaspoons wasabi paste, One 1 12inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped, One 1 12pound head napa cabbage, cored and shredded, 3 green onions, thinly sliced, 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded and thinly sliced, 1 hothouse cucumber, peeled, halved lengthwise and sliced into 14inchthick halfmoon shapes, 1 cup slivered almonds, toasted, see Cooks Note, 3 tablespoons black sesame seeds], title: Soba Noodle Salad, picturelink: FzsqyqMqQj92crFLmYRbkN1rmDGXMy}, 59939: {instructions: Bring the broth and water to a boil in saucepan over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and keep hot.nIn another saucepan, heat oil over medium heat. Add the scallions and cook for about 3 minutes. Stir in the rice, season with salt and pepper, to taste, and cook for another 2 minutes. Pour in the hot broth mixture and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover the saucepan. Cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is tender, about 20 minutes. Stir in walnuts and taste for seasoning, adjusting as necessary. Transfer the pilaf to a serving bowl and serve., ingredients: [1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 1 cup water, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, 12 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts, 1 cup longgrain white rice, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup toasted chopped walnuts], title: Rice Pilaf, picturelink: P3bC9x7NMWZH.CDN0ILVH9lb69xnmLa}, 59940: {instructions: Floppy Flowers, ingredients: [Floppy Flowers], title: Floppy Flowers, picturelink: null}, 59941: {instructions: Bring water to a boil in a saucepan. Split the vanilla bean and add to the boiling water. Add sugar, cinnamon, espresso, and a pinch of salt. Simmer for 1 minute and add the bittersweet chocolate. Whisk until it gets thick. Add milk and simmer 1 minute. Serve immediately with a dollop of vanilla ice cream and a sprinkling of chili powder on top.nYou may make this ahead and reheat. Make sure to either whisk it or blend it in a blender to make it light and foamy before serving. The classic Mexican chocolate was whisked with a special wooden tool called a molinillo., ingredients: [34 cup water, 1 vanilla bean or 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 34 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 heaping tablespoon instant espresso, Pinch salt, 2 12 ounces bittersweet chocolate, the best quality possible, grated, 2 cups whole milk, Vanilla ice cream, Chili powder], title: Hot Spiced Mexican Hot Chocolate with Ice Cream Dusted with Chili Powder, picturelink: HGWjhDU0w.oUgsqocHhIckJWVZQ3GT6}, 59942: {instructions: Place the eggplant slices on the wheat bread so that it is covered. On top place the tomato slices side by side. Cut the tartine in 4 equal triangles. Place the pieces on a plate. Sprinkle the grated Parmesan on top and then garnish with the sliced cucumber, lemons, and parsley and serve.nThis recipe was provided by professional chefs and has been scaled down from a bulk recipe provided by a restaurant. The FN chefs have not tested this recipe, in the proportions indicated, and therefore, we cannot make any representation as to the results., ingredients: [2 or 3 slices eggplant, marinated in extravirgin olive oil, garlic, and spices, and grilled, 1 slice wheat bread, 4 slices tomato, Grated Parmesan, 12 cucumber, sliced, 2 lemons, quartered, Chopped parsley, for garnish], title: Grilled Eggplant and Tomato Tartine, picturelink: kkLz5XaorpcQNdjdRnb3cN2nWq4VEo6}, 59943: {instructions: Mix together the paprika, salt and pepper, sugar, and cayenne. Rub the spice mixture all over the brisket and refrigerate for 2 hours or overnight.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the brisket in a large casserole or Dutch oven and pour the sauce over the top, hocks and all. Cover and cook until brisket is fork tender and can easily be shredded, about 3 hours. Transfer the brisket to a platter. Skim and discard the fat from the top of the sauce. Shred or thinly slice the brisket. Serve.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved.nHeat the oil in a medium saucepan over mediumhigh heat. Add the onion and cook, stirring, until tender, about 8 minutes. Stir in the garlic, tomato paste, and crushed pepper and cook until fragrant, about 2 minutes.nAdd the ham hocks, tomatoes, vinegar, sugar, salt, and pepper. Bring to a boil. Lower the heat, and simmer, uncovered, stirring occasionally, until deep red in color and has thickened, about 20 to 25 minutes. Adjust seasoning salt with pepper. Sauce will keep covered in the refrigerator for up to 3 days or freeze for up to 1 month.nCopyright c 2004 Television Food Network, G.P., All Rights Reserved.nYield: about 8 cupsnPrep Time: 10 minutesnCook Time: 32 minutesnInactive Prep Time: 25 minutes, ingredients: [14 cup sweet Hungarian paprika, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon light brown sugar, 1 teaspoon cayenne pepper, 4 to 5 pound piece beef brisket, preferably point cut, 1 recipe Quick BBQ Sauce, recipe follows, 3 tablespoons vegetable oil, 1 large onion, chopped, 12 cloves garlic about 1 head, peeled and finely chopped, 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 14 teaspoon red pepper flakes, 2 ham hocks, 2 28ounce cans crushed tomatoes, 1 34 cups red wine vinegar, 1 12 cups firmly packed light brown sugar, 2 12 teaspoons kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper], title: BBQ Brisket, picturelink: null}, 59944: {instructions: Toss the onion, garlic, cumin, oregano, oil, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of black pepper in a microwavesafe 4quart bowl. Tightly cover the bowl with plastic wrap cut a small slit in the center with the tip of a paring knife to vent excess steam. Microwave on high at 100 percent power until the onions are soft and translucent, about 4 minutes. See Cooks Note re cooking times. If the onions arent cooked through, cover and microwave again in 30second increments. When removing the plastic wrap, be careful to avoid the hot steam.nAdd the tomatoes, beef broth, red peppers, soy sauce, bay leaf, 12 teaspoon salt and some black pepper. Stir, then nestle in the steak. Tightly cover the bowl with 2 pieces of plastic wrap cut a small slit in the center. Microwave on high at 100 percent power for 20 minutes. Carefully remove the plastic wrap the bowl will be very hot, stir and cover again. Microwave on high at 100 percent power for another 20 minutes. Uncover the bowl, and let cool for 5 minutes.nRemove the steak with a slotted spoon onto a cutting board. It will not be fallapart tender at this stage but should be shreddable. Using two forks, shred the steak return it to the bowl, and stir in the olives. Tightly cover the bowl with plastic wrap, cut a small slit in the center and microwave at 100 percent power for 5 minutes. Let the ropa vieja sit, covered, for 5 minutes. Stir in the cilantro, and serve with rice., ingredients: [1 small onion, sliced 14 inch thick, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 1 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon dried oregano, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, One 14ounce can crushed tomatoes, 1 cup lowsodium beef broth, 12 cup jarred roasted red peppers, sliced, 2 teaspoons soy sauce, 1 dried bay leaf, 1 14 pounds flank steak, cut along the grain into 3by1 12inch strips, 13 cup pimentostuffed olives, halved, 3 tablespoons roughly chopped fresh cilantro leaves, Cooked rice, for serving], title: Microwave Ropa Vieja, picturelink: MQ7T6ynJOR5Wj24Tu926XzQzm29FY1u}, 59945: {instructions: In a small bowl let the currants macerate in the brandy and 14 cup hot water for 20 minutes, or until they are softened, and drain them. In a saucepan heat 14 cup of the brown sugar, 14 cup honey, and butter over moderately low heat, stirring, until the sugar is melted. Pour the mixture into an 8 12inch round cake pan, and sprinkle the pecans over it. Roll the dough into an 18 by 10inch rectangle on a lightly floured surface, force the remaining 12 cup brown sugar through a coarse sieve evenly over the dough, and sprinkle the cinnamon and currants over the brown sugar. Beginning with a long side roll up the dough tightly, jellyroll fashion. Cut it into 1inch slices with a sharp knife, and fit the slices cut side up in one layer in the pan, pressing them down gently. Bake the buns in a preheated 425 degree F oven for 20 minutes, or until a tester inserted in the dough comes out clean. Run a thin knife around the edge of the pan, invert the buns onto a plate, and invert them onto a platter so that the plain side is up. Brush the top with the additional honey, heated, if desired. Or, if you prefer not to use the honey glaze, invert the buns directly onto a platter, sticky side up., ingredients: [12 cup dried currants, 2 tablespoons brandy, 34 cup firmly packed light brown sugar, 14 cup honey plus additional for glazing the buns if desired, 12 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, 12 cup chopped pecans, Cream biscuit dough,, 2 teaspoons cinnamon], title: Honey Pecan Sticky Buns, picturelink: null}, 59946: {instructions: Make the marinade: In a food processor puree the onion, garlic, gingerroot and pepper, scraping down the sides with a rubber spatula, add the soy sauce, brown sugar, and the oil, and blend the mixture until it is just combined. Coat the lamb on both sides with the marinade and enclose it in a plastic bag. Let the lamb marinate, chilled, turning it several times if possible, overnight. Alternatively, let the lamb marinate at room temperature, turning it several times, for 3 to 4 hours. Preheat grill. Grill the lamb boned side up on a very clean rack 2 to 3 inches above glowing coals, basting it several times with the marinade, for 5 to 6 minutes on each side, or until it is seared and charred lightly. Transfer the lamb in a shallow roasting pan to a warm oven 170 degrees F to 190 degrees F for at least 30 minutes and up to 1 hour. The lamb will continue to cook as it rests in the warm oven at serving time a meat thermometer should register about 130 degrees F for mediumrare meat. Cut the lamb into 14inch slices. Arrange the slices on a heated platter, nap them with some of the remaining pan juices., ingredients: [1 onion, quartered, 6 garlic cloves, 1 1inch cube peeled fresh gingerroot, 1 jalapeno pepper or to taste, seeded, 14 cup soy sauce, 14 cup brown sugar, 2 tablespoons peanut or cottonseed oil, 1 8 to 9 pound leg of lamb including the pelvic and shank bones, boned and butterflied], title: Marinated Leg of Lamb, picturelink: null}, 59947: {instructions: In a large heavy skillet over moderate heat add the bacon pieces, generously season with ground pepper and cook until crisp. Transfer the cooked bacon to paper towels to drain and remove the skillet from the heat. In a small saucepan combine the wine and shallots and simmer until reduced to a thick syrup. Whisk in the cream, mustard, salt and pepper and continue to simmer until thickened slightly. Heat the skillet with the bacon drippings over moderately high heat and cook the green cabbage, stirring, until it just begins to wilt, about 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer the wilted cabbage to a bowl and cook the red cabbage in the remaining drippings in the same manner. Return the wilted green cabbage to the skillet, add the vinegar and cook, stirring, 1 minute. Stir in the cream mixture and cook, stirring, until cabbage is crisptender. Serve the cabbage warm topped with the crumbled Roquefort and bacon., ingredients: [4 ounces thicksliced bacon, cut crosswise into 34inch pieces, Freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup dry white wine, 1 small shallot, finely minced, 14 cup plus 2 tablespoons heavy cream, 1 teaspoon Dijonstyle mustard, Salt, 3 cups finely sliced green cabbage, 3 cups finely sliced red cabbage, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, 12 cup crumbled Roquefort], title: Warm Cabbage Salad with Bacon and Roquefort, picturelink: null}, 59948: {instructions: Put the fruit into a large pitcher and muddle lightly with a wooden spoon or muddler to release the juices. Add the grape juice, fill the pitcher with ice and stir. Top with seltzer and serve., ingredients: [2 oranges, sliced, 1 lemon, sliced, 1 lime, sliced, 4 cups white grape juice, 2 cups seltzer water], title: Aunt Sandys Sparking Punch, picturelink: null}, 59949: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nCombine beets and shallots and coat with extravirgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Roast for 15 to 18 minutes. Transfer beets to a dish or dinner plates and serve., ingredients: [2 15ounce cans sliced beets, drained, 1 shallot, thinly sliced, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, eyeball it, Salt and pepper], title: Baked Beets, picturelink: null}, 59950: {instructions: Cook 1 minced shallot in a skillet with 1 tablespoon butter over medium heat until golden, 3 minutes. Whisk 1 14 cups heavy cream, 1 egg yolk and 2 teaspoons grated lemon zest in a bowl reduce the heat to low and whisk into the skillet along with 13 cup grated pecorino. Whisk until slightly thickened, 2 minutes. Season with salt and plenty of pepper. Toss with 12 ounces cooked fettuccine and some pastacooking water. Top with more pecorino.nPhotograph by Charles Masters, ingredients: [], title: Lemon Alfredo, picturelink: null}, 59951: {instructions: Cook the barley as the label directs. Cover and set aside.nMeanwhile, whisk 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce with 2 teaspoons brown sugar in a medium bowl. Add the pork, season with salt and pepper and toss to coat. Whisk the chicken broth, cornstarch and the remaining 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce and 2 teaspoons brown sugar in a small bowl until smooth set aside.nHeat 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over high heat. Add the pork and cook, turning occasionally, until well browned, about 4 minutes. Remove to a plate.nWipe out the skillet and add the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil. Add the mushrooms, leeks, carrots, 12 teaspoon salt and a few grinds of pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 4 minutes. Return the pork to the skillet and add the broth mixture. Cook, stirring, until the sauce is slightly thickened, 1 to 2 minutes. Serve with the barley top with parsley.nPhotographs by Charles Masters, ingredients: [1 cup quickcooking barley, 4 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce, 4 teaspoons packed light brown sugar, 1 large pork tenderloin about 1 14 pounds, trimmed and cut into 34inch chunks, Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, 1 cup lowsodium chicken broth, 2 teaspoons cornstarch, 2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 8 ounces cremini mushrooms, sliced, 2 leeks white and light green parts only, chopped, 3 carrots, chopped, Chopped fresh parsley, for topping], title: Pork with Mushrooms and Barley, picturelink: 6PsX3UaWwU1vfgHQtcgKnQA454auM8S}, 59952: {instructions: In a pitcher filled with ice, combine the halfandhalf, vodka, white chocolate liqueur, and hazelnut liqueur. Mix well and pour into 2 martini glasses., ingredients: [2 shots halfandhalf, 2 shots vanilla vodka, 2 shots white chocolate liqueur, 12 shot hazelnut liqueur], title: Queen of the Fairies Cocktail, picturelink: null}, 59953: {instructions: Open the tea bags and pour the tea into a small bowl. Add the coconut chips, ginger flakes, cloves, cardamom, cinnamon and vanilla and toss together.nTo use, steep 1 tablespoon of the mixture in boiling water and enjoy., ingredients: [3 tea bags black tea, 2 tablespoons coconut chips, 2 tablespoons ginger flakes, 8 cloves, 5 green cardamom pods, 1 cinnamon stick, roughly chopped, 12 leftover, empty vanilla bean, finely chopped], title: Chai Coconut Tea, picturelink: Tyc.21DP4ADG8mUZH9NHrupP1YYHK5e}, 59954: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCoat a large wide pot with olive oil over medium heat and add the onions. Season with salt and crushed red pepper, to taste, and cook until the onions are soft and very aromatic, about 8 to 10 minutes. Toss in the garlic and cook for 2 to 3 more minutes. Add the wine and cook until it has reduced by half. Stir in the tomatoes, season with salt, to taste, and cook until the tomatoes are really soft and juicy, about 12 to 15 minutes. Toss in the whole basil leaves.nWorking in batches, carefully puree the tomatoes in a blender. Return the tomato puree to the pot and add the tomato juice and the bread. Cook the soup over medium heat for until the bread has completely lost its shape and the soup is really thick, about 20 minutes. Taste the soup and adjust the seasoning, if needed.nLadle the soup into bowls and serve garnished with grated cheese, basil chiffonade and a drizzle of big fat finishing oil., ingredients: [Extra virgin olive oil, plus high quality finishing oil, for garnish, 1 large red onion, diced, Kosher salt, Pinch crushed red pepper flakes, 3 garlic cloves, smashed and finely chopped, 1 cup white wine, 2 pounds ripe summer tomatoes, diced, 10 basil leaves, half whole and half cut into chiffonade, 2 cups tomato juice, 2 cups dayold Italian bread, crusts removed and cubed, 12 cup grated ParmigianoReggiano], title: Tuscan Tomato and Bread Soup  Pappa al Pomodoro, picturelink: yXH0kFV0RLq9slV13t9T870laD.9wC}, 59955: {instructions: In a large skillet, melt 2 tablespoons of the butter with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil over medium heat. Add the onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer the onions to a bowl and set aside.nGenerously season both sides of the steak with salt and pepper. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of the oil to the skillet and fry the steak over medium heat, turning once, until browned, about 6 minutes per side for medium. Transfer the steak to a serving platter and cover to keep warm.nAdd the bourbon to the skillet and, over medium heat, scrape up any bits that cling to the pan. Allow the liquor to simmer until reduced by half, about 1 minute. Add the onions and the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and stir until the butter is melted. Reduce the heat and gently simmer until the onions are heated through, about 2 minutes. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper and stir in any juices that have run off from the steak.nTo serve, cut the steak into 14inchthick slices and top with the onions., ingredients: [4 tablespoons 12 stick butter, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 large onions, sliced, 1 boneless sirloin steak about 2 pounds, Salt and pepper, 12 cup bourbon], title: PanSeared Steak and Onions, picturelink: null}, 59956: {instructions: Place a half sheet of nori horizontally in front of you on your mat. Place rice on left third of nori, leaving border of nori all around. Place filling vertically across middle of rice. Fold near corner of nori over to begin folding into cone shape. Continue to roll until cone is formed.nServe with pickled ginger, wasabi and soy sauce as condiments.nRinse rice in water until the water runs clear and then drain in a colander for 1 hour. Place the drained rice in a rice cooker or in a pot with a tightfitting lid and add 4 cups water. Over medium heat, cover and bring the water to a boil. Boil for about 2 minutes, reduce heat and allow to simmer for another 5 minutes. Reduce heat to low and cook for about 15 minutes, or until water has been absorbed. Remove from the heat, remove lid, and place a towel over pot. Replace lid and let stand for 10 to 15 minutes.nWhile the rice cooks, combine vinegar, sugar and remaining 14 cup water in a saucepan. Heat over low temperatures, stirring, until sugar and salt dissolve. Let cool.nEmpty rice into a hangiri or other nonmetallic tub and spread it evenly over the bottom with a shamoji or large wooden spoon. Run the spatula through the rice in slicing motions to separate the grains. While doing this, slowly add vinegar mixture. Add only as much as is necessary the rice should not be mushy. If you have help, fan the rice with an uchiwa fan during the cooling and mixing procedures.nDo not refrigerate the rice. Keep it in the tub covered with a clean cloth until ready to use. The rice will last one day., ingredients: [Sushi rice, Nori, Avocado, Carrot, Eggplant grilled Japanese, Tofu made crisp by frying, Tomato, Cucumber Chinesewithout seeds, or regular is also ok, Asparagus, Aburage inari tofu skins, Wilted spinach, Bell peppers, julienned, Scallions, julienned, Snow peas, julienned, Black sesame seeds, White sesame seeds, Black sesame seedssalt combination, 3 13 cups short grain rice, 4 cups water, plus 14 cup water, 6 tablespoons rice vinegar, 5 tablespoons sugar, 3 teaspoons salt], title: Hand Rolled Sushi Temaki, picturelink: null}, 59957: {instructions: Bring a fry pan or wok to high heat, add 1 tablespoon of oil and stirfry the vegetables for 2 minutes. Remove the vegetables from the pan and set aside.nIn the same pan, add the remaining oil then stirfry the rice for 3 minutes, remove and set aside.nIn a large bowl, lay one lotus leaf inside the bowl, followed by the second lotus leaf, putting the rough side of the leaf facedown first.nArrange the stirfried vegetables on top of the lotus leaf in a pattern, if desired and then, spreading them out evenly towards the middle of the leaf.nScoop the fried rice into the bowl on top of the arranged vegetables. Fold the edge of the first or inner lotus leaf first, pressing to enclose the rice, then fold the edges of the second or outer leaf, pressing down firmly until flat.nBring a steamer full of water to the bowl, and steam the lotus rice in its bowl on high heat for 5 minutes.nRemove the bowl from the steamer and turn the lotus rice upside down onto a serving plate.nWith a sharp knife, carefully make 2 long cuts on the first layer of lotus leaf from corner to corner, crisscrossing each other, and then fold the 4 sections back. Repeat this process with the other bottom lotus leaf.nYou should be left with 8 triangular sections to the leaf folded back, exposing the rice.nGarnish with lotus flower and serve with soy sauce and chile dipping sauce., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 5 shiitake mushrooms, diced, 4 ounces green peas, 4 ounces diced carrot, 4 cups cooked jasmine rice, chilled, 2 small fresh lotus leaves see Cooks Note, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground pepper, 12 lotus seeds, cooked and popped rubbery shell removed, 1 lotus flower for garnish, optional, Water for steaming, Soy sauce and sliced red chile], title: Pagoda Rice Steamed In Lotus Leaf, Com Hap La Sen, picturelink: null}, 59958: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nPlace the rice into an 8inch square glass baking dish.nBring the water, butter, and salt just to a boil in a kettle or covered saucepan. Once the water boils, pour it over the rice, stir to combine, and cover the dish tightly with heavyduty aluminum foil. Bake on the middle rack of the oven for 1 hour.nAfter 1 hour, remove cover and fluff the rice with a fork. Serve immediately., ingredients: [1 12 cups brown rice, medium or short grain, 2 12 cups water, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 1 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Baked Brown Rice, picturelink: .BKVOYtSAeO.8N0iktg45J7Q2a1sijy}, 59959: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nDivide the asparagus spears into 12 bundles. Carefully wrap 1 piece of bacon around each bundle, starting about 12 inch from the bottom of the tips. Secure the baconwrapped spears with a toothpick. Lay the bundles in a lowsided casserole dish.nIn a medium saucepan, combine the brown sugar, butter, soy sauce, garlic salt and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil. Pour the hot sugar mixture over the asparagus bundles. Transfer the dish to the oven and roast until the spears have begun to wilt and the bacon looks fully cooked, about 25 minutes. Remove the toothpicks before serving., ingredients: [2 pounds fresh asparagus, ends trimmed, 12 slices bacon, 12 cup light brown sugar, 12 cup 1 stick butter, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 12 teaspoon garlic salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground pepper], title: Asparagus Bundles, picturelink: lXdTDem4TqNESzMLk5zyRsmeFZ5Fiz.}, 59960: {instructions: Moisten rim of glass with water. Dip martini glass in celery salt. Fill a martini shaker with ice. Add pepper vodka, vodka, tomato juice, and olive juice. Shake. Strain into martini glass. Garnish with olives., ingredients: [Celery salt, Ice, 1 shot pepper vodka recommended: Absolut, 1 shot vodka, 1 shot tomato juice, Dash olive juice, Olives], title: Dirty Mary, picturelink: Gn1YQA2BumyU2rTkMiMGBZPAvjWWzO}, 59961: {instructions: Place herring pieces, potato, onion, pickle, apple and mayonnaise in a bowl and mix to combine. Add mayonnaise and mix well. Season to taste with salt and pepper.nSpread about 1 teaspoon of butter on each bread half. Top with a lettuce leaf, then with the herring mixture., ingredients: [4 thin pickled herring fillets about 34pound, cut into 12inch pieces, 1 small potato, peeled, boiled, cut into 14inch cubes, 14 cup finely chopped onion, 2 tablespoons finely chopped dill pickle, 1 small apple, peeled, cored, cut into 14inch cubes, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 stick butter, room temperature, 6 thin slices black bread, halved, Green leaf lettuce], title: Herring Sandwiches, picturelink: null}, 59962: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease and flour a 9 x 5inch loaf pan.nStir the flour, brown sugar, granulated sugar, cinnamon, ginger, baking soda, baking powder, and salt together in a large mixing bowl. When cominbed, mix in the oats. Make a well in the center of the ingredients. Whisk the eggs, oil, and vanilla together in a small bowl and pour the mixture into the well. Combine lightly, then stir in the zucchini. Do not overmix.nScrape the batter into the prepared pan, mounding it up in the center. Sprinkle with the turbinado sugar if you wish. Bake for 60 or 65 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a rack covered with a clean dish towel to prevent indentations. Let the bread cool at least 10 minutes longer before slicing. The bread can be served warm or at room temperature. It keeps well and makes good toast, too.nVariation: BrownSugar Carrot BreadnReplace the zucchini with 2 cups grated carrot. Because the carrots are a little starchier, reduce the oats to 34 cup., ingredients: [2 cups unbleached allpurpose flour, 12 cup packed light or dark brown sugar, 6 tablespoons granulated sugar, 1 14 teaspoons ground cinnamon, 12 teaspoon ground ginger, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 cup oldfashioned rolled oats, 3 large eggs, 34 cup vegetable oil, 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract, 2 cups grated zucchini about 2 medium zucchini, Turbinado sugar or other crystallized brown sugar, optional], title: Brown SugarZucchini Bread, picturelink: null}, 59963: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nCombine marinade ingredients. Place caps into a baking dish and pour marinade over top. Use a brush to make sure all caps are covered with the marinade. Set aside and let marinate up to 2 hours.nRemove the portobellos from marinade do not discard marinade and place gill side down on a preheated gas, electric or charcoal grill over mediumhigh heat. Grill 3 to 4 minutes per side. Top each cap with cheese 2 minutes to melt before they are finished grilling.nIn a medium bowl combine 12 cup mayonnaise and 2 tablespoons of the marinade.nSpread the flavored mayonnaise onto each bun and top with portobellos. Serve with sliced onion, lettuce and tomato., ingredients: [2 tablespoons brown spicy mustard, 3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 12 cup olive oil, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 teaspoon hot sauce, 4 portobello mushroom caps, 4 slices Gouda cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 4 hamburger rolls, 1 red onion, sliced, 4 leaves butter lettuce, 1 tomato, sliced], title: Portobello Burgers, picturelink: A02Qncuo7c6yQXolHxOuS1DAUyVFN9W}, 59964: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nSeason the fish on all sides with the salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a saute pan over high heat. Sear the fish on the flesh side until it is golden brown. Turn the fillets over carefully and place the pan in the oven. Cook the fish in the oven to desired doneness. When the fish is done place 14 of the Shiitake Quinoa in the center of the plate. On top of the quinoa place a slice of Oven Roasted Tomato. Place the fish on top of the tomato. Place 14 of the Sauteed Arugala on top of the fish. Spoon the Bacon Balsamic Vinaigrette and Summer Corn Milk around the plate.nHeat the oil in a saute pan. Add the shiitake mushrooms and cook until they start to release their liquid and soften. Add the quinoa and stir to coat the grains. Add the chicken stock. Bring to a simmer, cover, and cook on a low flame until the liquid is absorbed and the quinoa is cooked, about 12 minutes. Take off the heat, season with salt and pepper and stir in the butter. Set in a warm place covered until needed.nPreheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the 4 slices of tomato in a baking dish large enough to fit the tomatoes in 1 layer. Season with salt and pepper and place 1 piece of bay leaf on each tomato slice. Sprinkle a little of the garlic and thyme on top of the tomato slices. Drizzle with extravirgin olive oil. Place the dish on the middle rack in the oven and roast until the tomato is just hot and soft, about 2 to 3 minutes convection oven, do not overcook. Take out of oven, remove pieces of bay leaf and set in a warm place until needed.nHeat the oil in a saute pan. Add the arugula and stir around until leaves are wilted. Season with salt and pepper, remove from the heat and set aside.nChop the bacon and put in a pan over a mediumlow flame. Render the fat making sure not to let it burn. When the fat is rendered out of the bacon add the balsamic vinegar. Add the butter and blend in with an immersion blender or hand held electric beater.nCut the corn off the cob by running a knife down the length of the cob. Put the corn kernels in a juicer or into cheesecloth and squeeze to extract the corn milk. Put the corn milk into a small saucepan.nHeat gently over a low flame and stir frequently be careful not to heat it too quickly. When the corn milk is hot add the chives and butter and mix with an immersion blender. Season with salt and pepper and reserve in a warm place., ingredients: [Four 6ounce cod fillets, skin removed, Kosher salt, Fresh ground white pepper, 2 ounces canola oil, 16 ounces Shiitake Mushroom Quinoa, recipe follows, 4 large slices Oven Roasted Tomato, recipe follows, 4 ounces Sauteed Baby Arugula, recipe follows, 4 ounces Bacon Balsamic Vinaigrette, recipe follows, 4 ounces Summer Corn Milk, recipe follows, 1 ounce canola oil, 12 cup shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded and sliced thin, 1 cup quinoa, rinsed, drained, 1 12 cups chicken stock, Kosher salt, Fresh ground white pepper, 1 teaspoon sweet butter, 1 pound large red heirloom tomato, sliced into 4 thick slices, Kosher salt, Fresh ground white pepper, 1 fresh bay leaf, torn into 4 pieces, 2 cloves fresh garlic, minced, 2 sprigs fresh thyme, picked from the stem, 1 to 2 ounces extravirgin olive oil, 2 ounces canola oil, 4 ounces baby arugula, Kosher salt, Fresh ground white pepper, 3 thin slices bacon, 2 ounces balsamic vinegar from Modena, Italy, 1 teaspoon sweet butter, 3 large or 4 small ears corn, fresh, preferably picked that day, 1 tablespoon chopped chives, 1 teaspoon sweet butter, Kosher salt, Fresh ground white pepper], title: Pan Roasted Cod, Shiitake Quinoa, Oven Roasted Tomato and Sauteed Arugula with Bacon Balsamic Vinaigrette and Sweet Summer Corn Milk, picturelink: null}, 59965: {instructions: Rinse clams several times in cold, running water. Soak them in salted or seawater with a few handfuls of cornmeal for 15 minutes. Drain and rinse again.nFill a steamer with 1inch cold water, celery and parsley and bring to a boil. Add clams all at once. Bring back to a boil, then cook for about 4 minutes, shaking the pot from time to time, until clams open. If you wish, cook 3 to 4 minutes longer, to kill off harmful bacteria that may exist.nRemove steamers with a spider or a large slotted spoon to serving bowls. Open spigot of steamer and strain broth into small bowls for serving. If your steamer does not have a spigot, ladle broth into bowls, leaving behind any debris. Serve steamers immediately with broth and hot melted butter for dipping., ingredients: [4 pounds softshell clams, Cornmeal, 1 rib celery, 8 sprigs parsley, Hot melted butter, for serving], title: New England Steamed Clams, picturelink: null}, 59966: {instructions: Boil lentils for 25 minutes in salted water until tender cool and set aside. Saute bacon until crisp. Add scallions and garlic and saute until tender. Let cool then whisk in mustard, lemon juice and 6 ounces of olive oil. Fold dressing into lentils then add parsley, salt and pepper. Saute salmon in 2 ounces of olive until golden on each side and place in a preheated 400 degree oven until desired doneness about 8 to 10 minutes. Serve salmon on top of lentils., ingredients: [1 12 pounds lentils, 12 pound smoked bacon, 4 tablespoons chopped scallions, 1 tablespoon chopped garlic, 2 ounces whole grain mustard, 4 ounces lemon juice, 6 ounces olive oil, plus 2 ounces, 4 tablespoons flatleaf parsley, Salt and pepper, to taste, 6 8ounce pieces of salmon], title: Salmon with Smoked Bacon and Lentil Salad, picturelink: null}, 59967: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a grill pan over high heat for 5 minutes.nRub a little olive oil all over the chicken breast and sprinkle all over with salt and pepper. Reduce the heat to mediumhigh and grill the chicken until cooked through, turning once, about 12 minutes. Set aside and keep warm.nFill a small saucepan with 12 cup water, bring to a boil, add some salt, and cook the barley according to package instructions, until tender. Drain and rinse.nBring the chicken broth and bay leaf to a simmer in a medium saucepan. Add the carrot, celery and zucchini. Cook until just tender, about 5 minutes. Discard the bay leaf.nPlace the chicken breast on a cutting board and slice crosswise into thin slices. Spoon the vegetables and barley into serving bowls, then add the hot broth. Lay several slices of chicken over the surface of each bowl., ingredients: [Extravirgin olive oil, 12 to 14 ounces boneless, skinless chicken breast, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup pearl barley, 4 cups reducedsodium chicken broth, 1 bay leaf, 1 carrot, finely chopped, 1 rib celery, finely chopped, 1 small zucchini, finely chopped], title: Grilled Chicken Vegetable Soup, picturelink: 7NYSeY7v3Y1j1OVn3vRs83EBQY8pi}, 59968: {instructions: Remove excess fat from chicken, rinse well inside and out and pat dry. Rub chickens with lemon inside and out and under skin of breasts. Rub with sea salt and set aside to marinate in a nonreactive baking dish, covered and refrigerated, overnight. Next day, rinse chickens again and pat dry.nIn a flameproof casserole large enough to hold both chickens combine cilantro, parsley, garlic, ginger, saffron, preserved lemon and pepper to taste. Add 14 cup water and chickens, turning to coat thoroughly, and rubbing some of the mixture inside. Add reserved giblets, except livers. Pour oil over and bring to a simmer over low heat. When chicken begins to sizzle, add onions, cover and cook for 30 minutes. Add livers and paprika and continue to cook, covered, 1 hour more.nRemove chickens to a carving board and let rest, covered loosely with foil, while you finish the sauce. Cut giblets into small pieces and return to sauce. Using a fork, crush livers into sauce to thicken. Sauce should be thick  if it is thin, boil until reduced and thickened. Add butter and olives. Heat, swirling pan, until sauce is emulsified. To serve, cut chickens into quarters and arrange on a warmed platter. Spoon sauce over and garnish with lemon peel., ingredients: [2 small whole chickens, about 212 lbs each, giblets reserved, 1 lemon, quartered, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 13 cup chopped cilantro, 13 cup minced parsley, 2 Tbsp minced garlic, 1 Tbsp powdered ginger, 14 tsp saffron threads, 1 preserved lemon, cut into small pieces, cup olive oil, 2 large onions, thinly sliced, 1 Tbsp paprika, 2 Tbsp butter, 1 cup black or violet olives, Preserved lemon peel, for garnish], title: Moroccan Chicken with Preserved Lemons, picturelink: null}, 59969: {instructions: Fill 2 hurricane glasses with crushed ice. Mix all of the remaining ingredients in a shaker and pour into the glasses. Garnish each glass with an orange slice., ingredients: [Crushed ice, 4 ounces dark rum, 2 ounces fresh orange juice, plus orange slices for garnish, 1ounce fresh squeezed lemon juice, 3 ounces pineapple juice, 12ounce grenadine], title: Hurricane, picturelink: null}, 59970: {instructions: null, ingredients: [], title: Healthy Eating, picturelink: null}, 59971: {instructions: To make lamb sauce: Cook onion in oil in a 4quart heavy pot over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened, about 3 to 5 minutes. Add lamb and cook over moderately high heat, stirring and breaking up lumps, until no longer pink, about 5 minutes. Add garlic, salt, oregano, cinnamon, sugar, and pepper and cook, stirring, about 2 minutes.nStir in eggplant and tomatoes and gently simmer, covered, stirring occasionally, until eggplant is just tender, about 40 minutes. Remove lid and simmer, stirring occasionally, until sauce is thickened, about 15 minutes more. Season with the salt and pepper.nPreheat oven to 425 degrees F.nMake cheese sauce and cook pasta while lamb sauce is simmering: Melt butter in a 2quart heavy saucepan over moderate heat, then stir in flour and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Whisk in milk and add garlic clove and whole clove, then bring to a boil, whisking constantly. Reduce heat and simmer, whisking occasionally, for 5 minutes. Add feta, salt, and pepper and cook, whisking vigorously, until cheese is well incorporated.nBeat eggs in a large bowl and gradually add sauce to eggs, whisking. Cook pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until just al dente, then drain in a colander. Toss half of pasta with lamb sauce and half with cheese sauce.nAssemble pastitsio: Pour pasta with lamb sauce into a wide shallow 3quart baking dish, spreading evenly. Spoon pasta with cheese sauce on top, spreading evenly. Bake pastitsio, uncovered, in middle of oven until bubbling and top is golden, about 25 to 30 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [1 large onion, chopped, 1 tablespoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 pound lean ground lamb, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 12 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon dried oregano, crumbled, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon sugar, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 1 pound eggplant, peeled and cut into 12inch cubes, 1 28 to 32ounce can crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 2 cups milk, 1 garlic clove, 1 whole clove, 12 pound feta cheese, crumbled, 12 teaspoon salt, 14 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 large eggs, 10 ounces penne 3 cups], title: Lamb and Eggplant Pastitsio, picturelink: null}, 59972: {instructions: Heat the butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Add the scallions and saute for 2 to 3 minutes. Add the rice and stir until the rice is fully coated with butter.nAdd 3 cups water and bring to a boil. Add the salt and pepper, cover and reduce the heat to a simmer. Cook until the liquid is absorbed and the rice is al dente, 18 to 20 minutes.nRemove from the heat fluff the rice with a fork and stir in the parsley and the lemon zest, if using., ingredients: [1 tablespoon unsalted butter, 3 to 4 scallions, sliced thinly, 2 cups longgrain rice, 1 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 cup chopped fresh parsley, 12 teaspoon lemon zest, optional], title: Herbed Rice, picturelink: RhbJyuJ0yX0jSMdnRwezVlVU.eVsGje}, 59973: {instructions: Make the filling: Put the pork in a deep saucepan and cover with cold water about 6 cups. Add 2 teaspoons salt, the onion, thyme, oregano, bay leaves and peppercorns cover and bring to a simmer over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until the pork is tender, 1 hour, 30 minutes to 2 hours. Transfer the pork to a plate and shred. Strain and reserve the cooking liquid keep warm.nMeanwhile, soak the corn husks in a bowl of hot water, using a plate to keep them submerged, until pliable, 1 hour.nCombine the pork, cumin, 13 cup chili powder, the garlic, flour, sugar, vegetable oil and 1 cup of the reserved cooking liquid in a large skillet. Bring to a simmer over medium heat cook, stirring occasionally, until most of the liquid is absorbed, about 25 minutes.nMeanwhile, make the dough: Mix the masa harina, lard, 2 teaspoons salt, the remaining 12 teaspoon chili powder and 2 23 cups of the reserved cooking liquid in a bowl until combined.nDrain the husks and pat dry. Starting 12 inch from the wide end, spread about 3 tablespoons of the dough down a husk, leaving a 1inch border on the sides. Spoon 2 tablespoons of the pork filling down the center of the dough, then fold in the sides of the husk, wrapping the dough around the filling. Fold up the narrow end of the husk. Repeat with the remaining husks, dough and filling.nSet a steamer basket in a large pot filled with 1 to 2 inches of water. Arrange the tamales standing up in the steamer, foldedside down. Bring the water to a boil over mediumhigh heat, cover and steam until the dough is firm, 45 to 50 minutes. Remove from the steamer and let cool slightly before unwrapping.nPhotograph by Kat Teutsch, ingredients: [2 12 pounds boneless pork shoulder, cut into 3inch pieces, Kosher salt, 1 onion, quartered, 4 sprigs fresh thyme or 2 teaspoons dried thyme, 2 teaspoons dried oregano preferably Mexican, 2 bay leaves, 12 black peppercorns, 24 dried corn husks, 2 teaspoons ground cumin, 13 cup plus 12 teaspoon chili powder, 1 clove garlic, minced, 2 teaspoons allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons sugar, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 4 cups masa harina instant corn flour, 1 13 cups lard], title: Pork Tamales, picturelink: 2FTPnYfleE.hHZDIDdOd.8l.6m8OWI.}, 59974: {instructions: Place the orange zest and orange juice in a medium 10inch heavybottomed pot or Dutch oven, such as Le Creuset. Add the sugar, vanilla bean, and figs to the pot. Cover and bring to a full boil over medium heat. Dont worry it may look dry. Stir the mixture and boil hard for 1 minute, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Lower the heat, and cook uncovered at a full simmer for 50 minutes to 1 hour 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. You want the little bubbles to be throughout the pot, not just at the edges. After 45 minutes, refrigerate a small amount of the liquid to see if it becomes syrupy. It should be like a soft fruit preserve. Keep cooking just until the liquid starts to gel when cold. If the liquid is too firm, add a little orange juice or water, cook for a minute, and test it again until its right. Depending on how ripe the figs are, they will probably keep their shape, but its fine if they dont. Discard the vanilla bean and serve or refrigerate., ingredients: [2 teaspoons grated orange zest 2 oranges, 12 cup freshly squeezed orange juice, 3 34 cups sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise, 2 pounds fresh ripe purple figs, stems removed and halved lengthwise], title: Fig Preserves, picturelink: W7QBUTy.6D.9lhGnZqaqwZL1oq7TLae}, 59975: {instructions: Chop the chocolate into small pieces approximately 38inch.nBoil together the cream and light corn syrup. Add the jasmine tea and simmer for 1 minute. Strain the tea and pour over the bittersweet chocolate and milk chocolate. Mix the ingredients only enough to incorporate. Allow to cool to 90 degrees and stir in the rum. Pour into a shallow dish that has been lined with waxed or parchment paper. The filling should be 58 inches thick. Allow to cool overnight or until firm, covered in refrigerator. Cut into squares., ingredients: [10 ounces heavy cream, 1 ounce light corn syrup, 1 14 ounces jasmine tea, 9 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped, 4 12 ounces milk chocolate chopped, 14 ounce rum], title: Jasmine Tea Ganache, picturelink: null}, 59976: {instructions: Whisk together shallot, mayonnaise, vinegar, and pepper in a large bowl. Slowly whisk in olive oil until homogenous. Season with salt, to taste. Add lettuce to bowl and toss to coat with dressing., ingredients: [12 large shallot, minced, 12 cup mayonnaise, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 25 grinds freshly ground black pepper, 1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt, 1 head red leaf lettuce, washed, dried, and cut into large chiffonade], title: Shredded Red Leaf Salad with Creamy Red Wine Vinaigrette, picturelink: OgnnB7V8vb0meXvzxPF1mNttgXO4yK}, 59977: {instructions: Lay out the croissant halves. On the bottom halves, place 34 cup of the leftover chicken salad. Top with a handful of arugula and layer with slices of avocado, tomato and Cheddar. Season with salt and pepper, and top with the croissant tops.nHeat a grill pan and a heavy skillet over medium heat. Transfer the sandwiches to the grill pan and set the skillet directly on top, to weight. Grill until the sandwiches are golden and the cheese is melted, 4 to 5 minutes.nIn a large stockpot over high heat, cover the chicken with water and bring to a boil. Cook for 20 to 30 minutes, or until tender. Drain and set aside to cool completely, about 20 minutes, then dice.nIn a large bowl, mix together the chicken, yogurt, grapes, almonds, pecans, cranberries, apples and onions. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Serve on toasted bread or with crackers., ingredients: [4 croissants, halved horizontally, 3 cups Leftover Billies Houdini Chicken Salad, recipe follows, 2 cups arugula, 2 avocados, sliced, 2 tomatoes, sliced, 4 slices Cheddar, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 4 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, 1 12 cups lowfat plain Greek yogurt, 12 cup seedless red grapes, preferably Concord, halved, 12 cup slivered almonds, 12 cup finely chopped pecans, 14 cup dried cranberries, 2 small Granny Smith apples, finely diced, 12 small red onion, finely chopped, Salt and freshly ground pepper, Toasted bread or crackers, for serving], title: Chicken Salad, Avocado and Cheddar Panini, picturelink: 7Sz.Qoskp9Fg9aFpmLyytsTadMGvcC}, 59978: {instructions: Beat 4 ounces softened cream cheese, 12 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon each dijon mustard and adobo sauce from canned chipotle peppers and 12 teaspoon pepper with a mixer until totally combined. Add 8 ounces each grated sharp cheddar and Monterey jack and gently mix until combined. Stir in one 4ounce jar sliced pimientos drained and 2 tablespoons chopped dill with a rubber spatula. Refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving., ingredients: [], title: Pimiento Cheese, picturelink: mDmL3714TQJMimIQRpLzCMKjyGBPwm6}, 59979: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 275 degrees F.nMelt the butter in a saucepan and add the Italian seasoning and seasoned salt. Dunk the saltines in the mixture and place on a rack over a baking sheet. Bake for about 20 minutes., ingredients: [1 stick butter, 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning, 12 teaspoon seasoned salt, 1 sleeve saltine crackers onequarter of a 1pound box], title: Seasoned Crackers, picturelink: H1Ix3Qkp.eU23xhoTOpUHhi7.Pu8ca}, 59980: {instructions: Combine one 14ounce can nosaltadded diced tomatoes, 2 sliced garlic cloves, 2 sprigs thyme, 2 tablespoons olive oil and a pinch of red pepper flakes in a large microwavesafe bowl add 2 cups cubed peeled butternut squash. Cover with plastic wrap and pierce the plastic microwave until the squash is tender, about 15 minutes. Add 1 bunch chopped Swiss chard stems removed and toss. Cover and microwave 5 more minutes. Top with crumbled pecorino., ingredients: [], title: Chard, Squash and Tomatoes, picturelink: 5W7oYXpkEQ5CtSgAd7RfevPZS2ojTK}, 59981: {instructions: Special equipment: miniature cupcake liners, squeeze bottle, piping bag and a large star tipnPosition a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 325 degrees F. Line 3 miniature muffin tins with miniature paper liners.nMake the cake mix according to the package directions. Spoon the batter into the paper liners, filling each about halfway full about 2 teaspoons each. Bake until a cake tester inserted into the center of a cupcake comes out clean, 12 to 15 minutes. Place the muffin tins onto a cooling rack and cool completely.nMeanwhile, whisk together the sweetened condensed milk and key lime juice. Pour the mixture into a small squeeze bottle.nPut the heavy cream and confectioners sugar in a large mixing bowl and use a hand mixer to whip to mediumstiff peaks. Transfer the whipped cream to a piping bag fitted with a large star tip. Alternatively, if you do not have a piping bag with a star tip, you can put the whipped cream into a large resealable bag and cut a corner of the bag to create your own piping bag. Refrigerate until ready to use.nTo assemble, place the tip of the squeeze bottle into the center of one cupcake. Press the tip about threequarters of the way into the cupcake and squeeze a small amount of the key lime filling into the cupcake the filling should just come to the top of the cupcake. Repeat this step with the remaining cupcakes.nPipe small mounds of the whipped cream on top of each cupcake. Garnish each cupcake with a light dusting of cayenne pepper and a sprinkle of lime zest., ingredients: [One 16.5ounce vanillaflavored boxed cake mix, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 14 cup key lime juice, 2 cups cold heavy cream, 3 tablespoons confectioners sugar, Cayenne pepper, for garnish, Zest from 2 to 3 limes, for garnish], title: Miniature Spicy Key Lime Cupcakes, picturelink: null}, 59982: {instructions: 1. PREHEAT oven to 300degrees F. Line 12cup muffin tin with foil liners coat liners with nonstick cooking spray.n2. BEAT cream cheese, sugar, flour, vanilla extract and salt in large mixer bowl until smooth. Beat in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition. Transfer 12 cup batter to a medium bowl. Add pumpkin and Coffeemate stir until blended.n3. DIVIDE white cream cheese batter evenly among prepared cups top evenly with pumpkin batter. Swirl batters with butter knife.n4. BAKE for 16 to 18 minutes or until just set. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Cover and refrigerate for 4 hours before serving., ingredients: [12 foil cupcake liners, Nonstick cooking spray, 2 pkg. 8 oz. each cream cheese, at room temperature, 12 cup granulated sugar, 1 12 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, Pinch of salt, 2 large eggs, 12 cup LIBBYSu00ae 100 Pure Pumpkin, 2 tablespoons Gingerbread Latte or Pumpkin Spice Flavor NESTLu00c9 COFFEEMATE Liquid Coffee Creamer, 2 teaspoons ground cinnamon], title: Individual Swirled Pumpkin Cheesecakes, picturelink: 6o2pDB881xz2Upoe4i5N.j6xK5Sv6K}, 59983: {instructions: Halve 6 jalapenos lengthwise remove the seeds. Combine 12 cup shredded cheddar cheese with 14 cup refried beans, 2 tablespoons cream cheese, 1 teaspoon chili powder and 14 teaspoon kosher salt divide among the pepper halves. Press the filling in crushed tortilla chips and place chipside up on a parchmentlined baking sheet. Bake at 425 degrees F until the filling is bubbling, about 12 minutes. Top with sour cream and cilantro., ingredients: [], title: TexMex Jalapenos, picturelink: ISHXGHpsO2JoLWcuD2EN4iO9PNshPCi}, 59984: {instructions: Rub salt and pepper, to taste, on the steak and cook steak over medium fire. Let rest for about 5 to 10 minutes before serving., ingredients: [Sea salt and cracked black pepper, 20ounce ribeye steak], title: RibEye Steak, picturelink: 76Eov.l5CPVGXPr84SNw.MyFem3j9cK}, 59985: {instructions: Preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nSprinkle cored apples with lemon juice. Mix next 7 ingredients and overstuff apples. Bake 20 minutes in a small oven safe dish. Transfer apples to small bowls with a spoon and top with ice cream and whipped cream., ingredients: [4 large McIntosh or Empire apples, cored, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 34 cup brown sugar, 14 cup instant oatmeal mix or rolled oats, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, a healthy grating, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 4 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces, 2 ounces, 18 cup, golden raisins, chopped, 14 cup chopped walnuts or walnut pieces or pecans, 1 pint Dulce de Leche caramel ice cream or caramel swirl ice cream, Whipped cream, in a canister], title: Super Stuffed Baked Apples a la Mode, picturelink: QtIH4AywckPqJ3e3tyvWj8iQaKrd6}, 59986: {instructions: Discard the outer leaves of the cabbage, quarter it, remove the hard core and finely slice the leaves.nHeat the oil in a saucepan and sweat the cabbage with the salt and pepper and mace until it gives off a nutty aroma and is glossy and relaxed. Add the balsamic vinegar and the sugar and cook to evaporate it. Add the red wine and bay leaves, cover the pan, turn the heat down low and braise for 17 minutes, stirring halfway through.nAdd the cranberries, cover the pan, and cook for another 10 minutes, stirring halfway through., ingredients: [1 small red cabbage, 2 tablespoons canola oil, Sea salt and freshly ground pepper, 14 teaspoon ground mace, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 12 ounces brown sugar, 3 tablespoons red wine, 2 bay leaves, 13 cup dried cranberries], title: Sweet and Sour Red Cabbage with Cranberries, picturelink: null}, 59987: {instructions: Serve warm in a coffee mug.nSprinkle cinnamon on top and garnish with cinnamon stick., ingredients: [1.5 oz. Crown Royal, 2 oz. heated cider, .25 oz. honey, .25 oz. lemon juice, 1 sprinkle cinnamon, 1 piece cinnamon stick], title: Kings Cider, picturelink: OshofYME7oqoBSaQzr51RCFYw6bi8S}, 59988: {instructions: Heat a large heavybottomed soup pot with vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, over high heat. Once you see the oil ripple, add the sliced onion, chopped garlic and sliced peppers. Season the vegetables with salt and pepper and cook, stirring frequently, for 2 minutes. Add 1 cup shredded carrot and 6 cups chicken stock or broth. Cover with a lid and bring up to a simmer. Once simmering, add the chicken simmer 5 minutes then add noodles and simmer 5 minutes more. Remove the soup from the heat and add the cilantro, basil and the juice of 1 lime., ingredients: [2 tablespoons vegetable oil, 2 turns of the pan, 1 medium size yellow onion, peeled, quartered and thinly sliced, 3 garlic cloves, peeled and finely chopped, 2 poblano or anaheim peppers, seeded and thinly sliced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 cup shredded carrots, available in pouches in the produce department, 6 cups, 1 12 quarts, chicken broth, 1 12 pound chicken tenders cut into bite size chunks, 2 packages, 2 small bundles from a 3.75 ounce package of bean thread noodles, there is usually 3 bundles in one package recommended: Kame, 3 tablespoons cilantro leaves, chopped, 15 fresh basil leaves, roughly chopped, 1 lime], title: MYOTO  Make Your Own Take Out: Thai Chicken Noodle Soup, picturelink: LEmfnYLP21P6XdBkmuWw2lKUDnZqiZO}, 59989: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a small sauce pot combine the stock and saffron, bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer to allow the saffron to steep.nIn a large deep skillet with a lid or a Dutch oven heat extravirgin olive oil over mediumhigh heat. Add the chorizo and render and brown for 2 minutes, then add the chicken and lightly brown. Stir in the mushrooms, onions and garlic as you chop them and add the bay leaves, salt and pepper, to taste, and thyme. Put a lid on the pot and increase the heat to high for 5 minutes to soften the vegetables. Stir in the flour, add the sherry and stir a minute more, then add the saffron broth.nWhile vegetables soften, put the biscuit mix in a bowl and stir in the parsley and paprika. Add the liquids to package directions for the biscuits.nDrop 8 small mounds of biscuit dough onto the surface of the chicken and sauce. Cover with tight fitting lid and cook for 5 to 6 minutes.nLadle into shallow serving bowls and serve., ingredients: [1 quart chicken stock, 2 pinches saffron, 2 tablespoons extravirgin olive oil, 34 pound chorizo, casings remove and chopped or crumbled, 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs or breast tenders, diced, 34 pound medium to large white mushrooms, quartered, 1 medium onion, chopped, 2 to 3 large cloves garlic, chopped, 1 bay leaf, fresh or dried, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh thyme leaves, 2 rounded tablespoons allpurpose flour, 13 to 12 cup dry sherry, 1 small box biscuit mix or mix to prepare 8 drop biscuits, prepared to package directions, recommended: Jiffy, 14 cup finely chopped flatleaf parsley, 1 teaspoon paprika], title: Spanish Style Chicken and Dumplings, picturelink: Pc1XDReqbfLHCFQNsZfSly4FzJIjpO}, 59990: {instructions: For the custard: In a small saucepan, bring the milk and lemon zest to a boil over medium heat. Remove the pan from the heat and allow the mixture to cool for 5 minutes.nIn a medium bowl, whisk together the sugar, flour and egg yolks the mixture will be thick. Pour the milk mixture into the bowl, whisking until smooth. Return the mixture to the saucepan and whisk slowly and constantly over mediumlow heat until smooth and thick, 6 to 7 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the butter. Whisk in the lemon juice and vanilla until smooth. Transfer the custard to a clean bowl and lay a piece of plastic wrap directly onto the surface. Refrigerate for 2 hours.nFor the meringue: In a small saucepan, combine the sugar and 14 cup water over mediumhigh heat. Stir until the sugar has dissolved. Boil, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F, 3 to 4 minutes. Let the syrup cool for 1 minute. While the sugar mixture is cooking, in a stand mixer fitted with a whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on medium speed until frothy. Increase the speed to high and beat until the egg whites hold soft peaks. Reduce the speed to low and carefully drizzle the hot syrup down the side of the mixing bowl. Beat at high speed until the egg whites hold stiff, glossy peaks, about 2 minutes. Gradually beat in the lemon juice.nFold the custard into the meringue, then spoon into serving bowls or cups. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving.nFor the topping: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Line a small baking sheet with parchment paper. In a food processor, blend together the flour, brown sugar and butter until the mixture begins to form into clumps, about 20 seconds. Add the cookies and pulse until the cookies are crushed into 14to12inch pieces. Pulse in the almonds until combined. Arrange the mixture in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet. Bake until the almonds begin to brown, 13 to 15 minutes. Cool for 15 minutes.nSprinkle the topping over the meringue custard and serve.nFood Network Kitchens suggest caution in consuming raw and lightlycooked eggs due to the risk of Salmonella or other foodborne illness. To reduce this risk, we recommend you use only fresh, properlyrefrigerated, clean, grade A or AA eggs with intact shells, and avoid contact between the yolks or whites and the shell. For recipes that call for eggs that are raw or undercooked when the dish is served use shell eggs that have been treated to destroy Salmonella, by pasteurization or another approved method., ingredients: [1 cup whole milk, Finely grated zest of 1 large lemon, 12 cup sugar, 3 tablespoons allpurpose flour, 4 egg yolks, 1 tablespoon unsalted butter, at room temperature, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 14 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 1 cup sugar, 4 large egg whites, at room temperature, 14 cup 4 tablespoons fresh lemon juice from 1 large lemon, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 13 cup packed light brown sugar, 6 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into 12inch pieces, chilled, 12 amaretti or 1 12inch diameter vanilla cookies, 12 cup sliced almonds], title: Lemon Meringue with Amaretti Cookie Topping, picturelink: SqZMjjgc.RFVqqRuy6wbodMYfeTNWKi}, 59991: {instructions: Whisk 1 egg with 14 cup milk and 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce season with salt and pepper. Mix 1 cup panko with 14 cup chopped parsley and the zest of 12 lemon season with salt and pepper. Dip 3 quartered portobello caps gills scraped out in the egg and dredge in the panko. Shallowfry in olive oil until golden, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Sprinkle with salt. Serve with lemon wedges.nPhotograph by Justin Walker, ingredients: [], title: Fried Portobello Mushrooms, picturelink: Q1PXa37dZ2au7uigXnqX9f8KEGssbJC}, 59992: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat broiler.nPeel, halve and core the pears. In a large bowl, toss pears with lemon juice to prevent oxidization. Melt butter in an ovenproof skillet over mediumlow heat, let cook until butter begins to brown. Add sage to butter, allow to caramelize. Add brown sugar and a pinch of salt. Add pears to mixture, and roll them around to coat thoroughly.nBroil pears in skillet, stirring occasionally, until pears are light brown, about 15 minutes.nPuree pears and brown butter mixture in a blender until smooth. Pour into room temperature soup plates and serve with Blue Cheese Bruschetta. If preparing ahead of time, refrigerate and reheat slightly before serving.nPreheat broiler.nSlice loaf into fingerwide slices. Cover each slice with butter, then top with blue cheese. Place bread on cookie sheet and broil, with the door open, until the cheese begins to melt, about 30 seconds.nYield: 5 to 8 servings, ingredients: [6 pears, 3 tablespoons lemon juice, 3 tablespoons unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon minced fresh sage leaves, 12 cup packed light brown sugar, Gray salt, Blue Cheese Bruschetta, recipe follows, 1 loaf walnut bread or raisin bread, 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, softened, 12 cup crumbled blue cheese, crumbled], title: Pear Soup, picturelink: 0gabneMUY0QJ0B5Y14NdwZPbJMdkzW}, 59993: {instructions: Heat some canola oil in a pan over medium not too hot heat. Crack in the eggs 3 at a time. As they cook, spoon hot oil over the whites of the eggs so the top will set but still be pretty. Towards the end of cooking, carefully pour a couple of spoonfuls of oil over the yolks. Keep going until the egg is the doneness you want.nServe with a dash of Worcestershire sauce and a dash of hot sauce if youd like, ingredients: [Canola oil, for frying, 6 eggs, Worcestershire sauce, optional, Hot sauce, optional], title: Perfect Fried Egg  Tutorial, picturelink: TTtn31X9Y4uqD4XKUvSJ4GR.zZure}, 59994: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nSpecial equipment: lump charcoal, wood chips soaked in water for 15 minutes, smoker or charcoal grillnFor the Dry Rub: Add all the dry rub ingredients into a mediumsized bowl and stir until thoroughly combined.nFor the pork shoulder: Place the pork, fat side up, on a clean baking sheet. Season the pork on all sides with salt and pepper then rub the dry rub all over the pork, pressing into the meat. Cover the pork with plastic wrap and place into the refrigerator for 7 hours.nBlack Pepper Vinegar Sauce: Place all the ingredients into a blender and blend until emulsified. Add water if the sauce is too thick.nGreen Onion Slaw: Place the green onions, vinegar, chiles, mayonnaise, salt, pepper and oil into a blender and blend until emulsified. Place the cabbage and red onions in a bowl, add the dressing and stir until combined. Fold in the cilantro and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nFor the pork shoulder: Remove the pork from the refrigerator 30 minutes prior to cooking. Following manufacturers instructions and using lump charcoal and 12 cup drained wood chips for a smoker, or 1 cup for a barbecue, start fire and bring temperature of smoker or barbecue to 225 degrees F to 250 degrees F. Place the pork on the rack in smoker or barbecue. Cover and cook until an instantread thermometer inserted into the center of the pork reaches 165 degrees F. Turn pork every 45 minutes, about 6 hours total. If using the smoker, after 2 hours place the pork into the smoker pan and fill halfway with chicken stock. This is to prevent the shoulder from drying out. Add more charcoal, as needed, to maintain 225 degrees F to 250 degrees F and more wood drained wood chips 12 cup for the smoker or 1 cup for the barbecue with each addition to maintain smoke level. Transfer pork to a clean rimmed baking sheet. Let stand until cool enough to handle. Shred into bitesize pieces. Mound on platter and toss with most of the Black Pepper Vinegar Sauce, reserving the rest for drizzling the bun. Pour any juice from the baking sheet over the pork.nFor assembly: Drizzle the sauce on the top and bottom of the bun. Top the bottom bun with the meat, another drizzle of sauce, Green Onion Slaw and finish with the top of the bun., ingredients: [1 cup ancho chili powder, 13 cup Spanish paprika, 3 tablespoons ground dried oregano, 3 tablespoons ground coriander, 3 tablespoons dry mustard, 1 tablespoon ground cumin, 1 tablespoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 teaspoons chile de arbol, 1 6pound pork shoulder, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, Chicken stock, if needed, 14 cup rice wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 2 teaspoons honey, 12 teaspoon whole black peppercorns, Salt, 12 cup plus 2 tablespoons canolaolive oil blend, Water, if needed, 1 cup coarsely chopped green onions, 14 cup red wine vinegar, 2 serrano chiles, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 12 cup pure olive oil, 1 head purple cabbage, finely shredded, 1 small red onion, halved and thinly sliced, 14 cup freshly chopped cilantro leaves, Hamburger buns, for serving], title: Pulled Pork Sandwich with Black Pepper Vinegar Sauce and Green Onion Slaw, picturelink: GbJk31UxN4cw53cYqxqqaCHbkat63QW}, 59995: {instructions: Special equipment: Four 1cup ovenproof bowlsnFor the topping: In a small bowl, stir together the almond flour, oats, maple sugar, flour, salt and cinnamon. Add the butter and use your fingers or a fork to combine until small clumps form. Set aside.nFor the filling: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. In a small bowl, toss together the apples, pomegranate seeds, lemon juice, maple sugar and cinnamon. Divide among four 1cup ovenproof bowls and set on a baking sheet. Bake until bubbly and golden, about 45 minutes. Let cool for 5 minutes before serving., ingredients: [14 cup almond flour, 14 cup quickcooking oats, 2 tablespoons maple sugar, 1 tablespoon allpurpose flour, 14 teaspoon salt, 18 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes, 2 large apples, peeled, cored and cut into small cubes, 1 cup pomegranate seeds, 2 tablespoons lemon juice from about 1 lemon, 1 tablespoon maple sugar, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: PomegranateApple Crisp, picturelink: ubVmMxk7c57uzV7UgP44osSM88Xwle}, 59996: {instructions: In a saucepan, heat oil over medium heat. Add garlic, jalapeno, onion and Sazon. Saute until they start to soften, about 3 minutes. Add 1 can of pinto beans including the liquid in the can. Simmer until beans heat through and soften, another 4 to 5 minutes. Using a fork or potato masher, mash the beans. Drain the second can of pinto beans and add those to the pot. Stir mixture together and cook until beans warm through. Stir in lime juice and season, to taste, with salt and pepper. Serve with Breakfast Enchiladas., ingredients: [1 tablespoon vegetable oil, 1 garlic clove, minced, 1 jalapeno, minced, 14 cup diced onions, 1 packet Sazon seasoning about 1 14 teaspoons, 2 15.5ounce cans pinto beans, 1 lime, juiced, Salt and freshly ground black pepper], title: Sunnys Refried Beans, picturelink: mR.CLnx36ELzzPArID0qtXbeoUmHkW}, 59997: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace stale bread in a bowl with milk and squeeze the bread with your hand until well saturated with milk.nWith an electric mixer on high speed in a separate bowl, beat eggs with sugar until thick and pale. Stir in the vanilla, cinnamon, nutmeg, butter and raisins to the egg mixture. Add the soaked bread crumbs to the egg mixture and stir well. Let stand for 10 minutes. It is important to allow enough time for the bread to absorb the egg mixture or the bread crumbs will float to the top during baking, leaving a layer of custard on the bottom of the dish.nTransfer the mixture to a greased baking dish. Bake until firm, or until a knife inserted in the middle comes out clean, about 45 to 50 minutes. Let it slightly cool in the dish.nMeanwhile, near the end of the baking time, make the sauce. With an electric mixer, beat egg yolks until thick and pale. In a saucepan, melt the butter and sugar. Pour the butter and sugar mixture over the egg yolks, beating constantly with the mixer, until well thickened. Stir in bourbon by hand. Serve the pudding warm with vanilla ice cream if desired. Pass the hot bourbon sauce separately., ingredients: [3 cups stale French bread, cut in 34inch cubes, 2 cups milk, 2 eggs, 1 cup sugar, 1 tablespoon vanilla extract, 12 teaspoon cinnamon, 14 teaspoon nutmeg, 4 tablespoons butter, melted and slightly cooled, 12 cup sultana raisins, 2 egg yolks, 1 stick butter, not margarine, 1 cup sugar, 13 cup bourbon whiskey, to taste], title: Bread Pudding with Southern Bourbon Sauce, picturelink: null}, 59998: {instructions: Trim steak of excess fat. Rub steak with garlic and pepper. Place steak into a glass baking dish and pour vinegar over steak. Marinate steak for 2030 minutes, turning the steak every 10 minutes. Remove steak from marinade and pat dry with paper towel.nGrill or broil steak to desired degree of doneness. Pour marinade into a saucepan and simmer over medium high heat until the liquid is syrupy. Add 2 tablespoons cold butter to syrup and swirl to melt butter. Slice steak across the grain in thin slices and serve with balsamic sauce, ingredients: [1 12 pound flank steak, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, Ground black pepper, 1 cup balsamic vinegar, 2 tablespoons butter], title: Marinated Grilled Steak, picturelink: null}, 59999: {instructions: Thickly brush a 9inch springform pan with 12 of the melted butter and place in the freezer to harden, about 10 minutes. When hard, repeat to make a thick coating of butter.nAdjust your oven rack to the lowest position and preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nIn a mixer fitted with a paddle attachment or using a hand mixer, beat the cream cheese until fluffy and very smooth. Beat in the extracts, nutmeg, sugar, and salt. One at a time, add the eggs, scraping down the bowl after each addition. Pour into the prepared pan and place the pan on a doublelayer sheet of aluminum foil, with at least 3 inches of foil all around the pan. Fold the aluminum foil up around the sides of the pan.nFill a roasting pan large enough to hold the cake pan with hot water to a depth of about 1inch, then lift the foilwrapped cake into the roasting pan, keeping the foil turned up so that it prevents water from overflowing or seeping into the cake. The foil should not be closed over the top of the cake. Be careful not to tear any holes in the foilnBake until the top of the cake is golden brown and dry to the touch, though still a bit soft in the center, about 1 12 hours. It should shimmy a bit when you shake the pan it will firm up more as it cools.nRemove the pan from the water bath, remove the foil, and let cool at room temperature 15 minutes. Refrigerate, uncovered, 2 hours before removing the cake from the pan.nTo remove the cake from the pan, first remove the sides. Cover the surface with plastic wrap. Place a large plate over the cake, then flip the cake over and onto the plate, tapping if necessary to help the cake come away from the pan bottom. If tapping doesnt do the trick, try a blow torch or stove burner to warm the bottom of the pan to loosen it.nRemove the pan bottom and evenly sprinkle the exposed surface with graham cracker crumbs. Place a serving plate over the crumbs and flip the cake again so that the crumbs form the bottom crust and the top is covered with plastic. Refrigerate, lightly covered, at least 3 hours or overnight before serving., ingredients: [3 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, 2 pounds fresh cream cheese, at room temperature, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 14 teaspoon pure almond extract, 1 teaspoon nutmeg, 1 34 cups sugar, 18 teaspoon salt, 4 eggs, 13 cup graham cracker crumbs pulse whole graham crackers in a food processor], title: Nutmeg Cheesecake, picturelink: Ruu9dvT4Hdx3vP7GjGnU0uLN6.aGG}}