{60000: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 F.nSeason the chicken with the salt and pepper. Warm 1 teaspoon of the oil in a large nonstick saute pan over medium heat. Carefully, lay the chicken breasts, skin side down, in the pan. Sear for 3 minutes, or until the skin has nicely browned. Transfer the chicken, skin side up, to a nonstick jellyroll pan. Reserve the saute pan.nBake the chicken for 20 minutes, or until the juices run clear when the chicken is pierced with a knife.nWhile the chicken is cooking, remove most of the fat from the saute pan. Add the carrots and onions to the pan. Saute over medium heat for 3 minutes, or until the vegetables begin to caramelize. Add the stock and raise the heat to high. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium. Simmer for 10 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced by half. Strain through a fine sieve into a small bowl skim off any fat that rises to the surface.nWarm the remaining 1 teaspoon oil in a medium saute pan over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and shallots. Saute for 5 minutes, or until the mushrooms are golden. Season with the salt. Remove the pan from the heat and add the cognac. Carefully ignite the cognac with a long match. Allow the flame to burn out, then add the wine. Return the pan to the heat.nBring to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for 10 minutes, or until the liquid has reduced by half. Add the reserved stock and simmer for 5 minutes, or until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of a spoon. Stir in the tarragon. Taste and adjust the seasoning.nRemove the skin from the chicken breasts. Carefully cut the breast meat from the breast bone and then cut each breast, on the diagonal, into 2 pieces. Place a divided chicken in the center of each of 4 warm dinner plates., ingredients: [4 bonein chicken breasts with skin 6 ounces each, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 teaspoons olive oil, 1 medium carrot, chopped, 12 cup chopped onions, 2 cups brown veal stock, 2 cups sliced button mushrooms, 2 shallots, minced, 2 tablespoons cognac, 12 cup dry white wine, 2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon], title: Chicken Breasts Chasseur Supremes de Volaille Chasseur, picturelink: null}, 60001: {instructions: In a large pitcher, combine vodka and lemonade mix, stirring well. Add pineapple juice, stirring well. Add lemon and lime beverage, stirring well.nIn a shallow dish, add a small amount of water or lemonade spritzer. In another small shallow dish, add desired amount of sanding sugar.nDip rims of glasses into liquid mixture and then into sanding sugar to garnish, if desired.nDivide ice between 6 glasses. Pour lemonade over top. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup citron vodka, 4 tablespoons pink lemonade mix, Recommended: Country Time, 1 12 cups pineapple juice, 1 12ounce can lemonlime flavored carbonated beverage, Garnish: pink sanding sugar], title: Pink Lemonade Spritzer, picturelink: null}, 60002: {instructions: Assemble into a tripledecker. Spread recipe followsnFood process and puree until smooth. Serve on tripledecker club or any place where mayonnaise would be used.nMix all ingredients except cabbage in a bowl. When thoroughly mixed toss in cabbage. Let sit overnight refrigerated., ingredients: [3 strips bacon, cooked, 3 pieces rye bread, lightly toasted, 4 pieces turkey, Lettuce,, Tomato, 1 cup mayonnaise, 1 tablespoon chipotle, canned, 1 ripe avocado, Juice of 1 lime, 2 cups white vinegar, 1 cup mayonnaise, 12 cup sour cream, 4 teaspoon celery seed, 1 cup sugar, 1 head cabbage, shredded], title: Triple Club with Cole Slaw, picturelink: null}, 60003: {instructions: Combine the quinoa, 2 cups water and 12 teaspoon salt in a saucepan and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, until the water is absorbed, 12 to 14 minutes.nMeanwhile, grate 1 teaspoon orange zest, then juice all 3 oranges and the tangerines into a bowl. Sprinkle the sugar in a skillet and cook over mediumhigh heat until dark amber, about 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the vinegar, citrus juices and zest, and the coriander. Return to medium heat and boil until thick, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat and whisk in the butter keep warm.nSeason the scallops on one side with salt and pepper. Heat the oil in a large castiron skillet over medium heat. Add the scallops seasonedside down and sear until golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Flip and cook until golden on the other side, 2 to 3 more minutes.nFluff the quinoa with a fork and divide among plates. Top with the scallops, drizzle with the citrus sauce and sprinkle with the parsley.nPhotograph by Antonis Achilleos, ingredients: [34 cup quinoa, rinsed well, Kosher salt, 3 oranges, 4 tangerines, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon coriander seeds, crushed, 2 tablespoons cold unsalted butter, cut into pieces, 1 14 pounds sea scallops, tough foot muscles removed, Freshly ground pepper, 1 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley or chives], title: Scallops with Citrus and Quinoa, picturelink: Eio6EjsOY1rDWBmSZciUuJTRSEKSkC}, 60004: {instructions: In a large saute pan over mediumhigh heat, add butter, sugar, and honey. Cook until sugar dissolves. Add cherries and its syrup, orange juice, Kirsch, Triple Sec and cinnamon.nBring to a simmer. Prop pan to the side to ignite evaporating liqueur, or remove pan from heat, ignite with a long kitchen match. Return to the heat and continue simmering for 4 to 5 minutes. In a small bowl, mix together the cornstarch and water. Stir slurry into mixture and continue cooking until sauce thickens to desired consistency.nServe warm over vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [3 tablespoons butter, 14 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon honey, 1 15ounce can Bing cherries in syrup, 14 cup freshlysqueezed orange juice, 3 tablespoons Kirsch liqueur, 2 tablespoons Triple Sec, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 tablespoon cornstarch, 14 cup water, 1 pint vanilla ice cream], title: Red Lion Flambe Cherries Jubilee, picturelink: k7JYLPdMX9Q8sIf8uVr4i6aIFMeqx2}, 60005: {instructions: Cut off the wing tips. Halve wings at joint. Separate the drumstick, or firstjoint, pieces the thick ones from the secondjoint pieces. Beginning at the narrower end of each drumstick, with a sharp knife cut the tendons and, holding the exposed end of the bone with a kitchen towel, scrape the skin and meat down the bone as far as possible toward the thicker end to make a plump drumstick shape. Cut through the cartilage at one end of each secondjoint piece, separating the bones, scrape the skin and meat down the larger bone to make a plump drumstick shape, and pull out and discard the smaller bone. Arrange all of the drumsticks in a shallow dish, sprinkle them with the lemon juice and salt and pepper to taste, and let them marinate, covered and chilled, for 1 hour.nMake the batter while the chicken is marinating: In a bowl whisk together the flour, the salt, the paprika, the cumin, the pepper, the thyme, and the cayenne and make a well in the center. Add the beer and the oil in a stream, and whisk the batter until it is smooth. Let the batter stand at room temperature for 1 hour. Stir the batter before using it.nIn a large deep fryer or large deep kettle heat 2 inches of the oil to 375 degrees on a deep fat thermometer. Dip the chicken in the batter and fry in oil, 5 pieces at a time, turning it, for 3 minutes, or until it is cooked through and golden. Transfer the chicken with a slotted spoon as it is fried to paper towels to drain and make sure the oil returns to 375 degrees before adding each new batch. Sprinkle the drumsticks with salt to taste, arrange them on a platter, and garnish the platter with the parsley sprigs.nForce the preserves through a fine sieve into a small bowl and stir in the mustard. Transfer the sauce to a portable container and serve at room temperature.nIn a bowl combine the vinegar with salt and pepper to taste, add the oil and the cream in a stream, whisking, and whisk the dressing until it is emulsified. Stir in the blue cheese and the lemon juice., ingredients: [2 pounds chicken wings, 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 1 cup allpurpose flour, 2 teaspoons salt, 2 teaspoons paprika, 1 12 teaspoons ground cumin, 1 12 teaspoons pepper, 34 teaspoon dried thyme, 1 cup beer not dark, 1 tablespoon vegetable oil, Vegetable oil for deepfrying, Parsley sprigs for garnish, Apricot Mustard Sauce see below, Blue Cheese Dressing see below, 12 cup apricot preserves, 2 tablespoons Dijonstyle mustard, 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 14 cup olive oil, 1 tablespoon heavy cream, 2 tablespoons crumbled blue cheese, A few drops of fresh lemon juice], title: Spicy Fried Chicken Wing Drumsticks, picturelink: null}, 60006: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPour the chips into a large mixing bowl and drizzle the hot sauce over top. Sprinkle in the blue cheese. Toss together until evenly coated and serve immediately., ingredients: [One 8ounce bag ruffled potato chips, 14 cup hot sauce use a milder one such as Franks, One 4ounce container crumbled blue cheese.], title: Buffalo Potato Chips, picturelink: Xl.E9stoPOGATcyHp8yL6bqHqfyRSRq}, 60007: {instructions: Combine all ingredients in a blender. Blend until smooth. Divide among 2 glasses. Put some whipped topping into a pastry bag or plastic bag fitted with a star tip. Top each drink with a little whipped topping and a drizzle of chocolate syrup., ingredients: [2 shots espresso, or 12 cup very strong coffee, 1 cup ice cubes, 12 cup sweetened condensed milk, 12 cup whipped topping, plus more for topping, 2 tablespoons chocolate syrup, plus more for topping, 3 tablespoons chocolate chips], title: Iced Brownie Cappuccino, picturelink: null}, 60008: {instructions: For the Dressing: combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth.nSaute seafood in olive oil until the fish is almost cooked through and the shellfish is open. Discard any unopened shellfish. Add dressing to finish cooking. Make a bed with the greens, arrange vegetables around the sides, and add seafood on top., ingredients: [12 cup roasted red peppers, 12 cup extravirgin olive oil, 12 cup red wine vinegar, 2 tablespoons chopped garlic, 1 teaspoon chopped basil leaves, 1 teaspoon chopped oregano leaves, Salt and pepper, 20 mussels recommended: Penn Cove, 20 Manila clams, 8 large prawns, 8 sea scallops, 4 ounces halibut, cubed, 4 ounces salmon, cubed, Olive oil, for sauteing, Romaine lettuce, Field greens, Assorted vegetables of your choice], title: Warm Seafood Salad, picturelink: null}, 60009: {instructions: Combine the flour, 3 tablespoons of the sugar, and 12 teaspoon salt in a bowl and place in the freezer for 30 minutes. Put the flour mixture in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Add the butter and shortening and pulse about 10 times until the butter is in small bits. Add the ice water and process until the dough comes together. Dump on a wellfloured board and form into a disk. Wrap in plastic and chill for at least 30 minutes.nMeanwhile, preheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nRoll out the dough and fit into a 9inch tart pan with removable sides. Dont stretch the dough when placing it in the pan or it will shrink during baking. Cut off the excess by rolling the pin across the top of the pan. Line the tart shell with a piece of buttered aluminum foil, butter side down, and fill it with dried beans or rice. Bake for 10 minutes. Remove the beans and foil and prick the bottom of the shell all over with a fork to allow the steam to escape. Bake for another 15 to 20 minutes, until lightly browned. Set aside to cool.nRaise the oven temperature to 425 degrees F.nFor the meringue, whip the egg whites, cream of tartar, and 14 teaspoon salt in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the whisk attachment on high speed until frothy. With the mixer still running, slowly add the remaining 12 cup of sugar and beat until the meringue is thick and shiny, about 2 minutes.nImmediately spread the lemon filling in the cooled tart shell and pipe the meringue over it with a large star tip. Be sure the meringue covers the entire top and touches the edges of the shell, to prevent it from shrinking. Bake for 3 to 5 minutes, until the meringue is lightly browned. Cool to room temperature.nCream the butter and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment for 1 minute. On low speed, add the eggs and egg yolks one at a time, and then add the lemon zest, lemon juice, and salt. Dont worry it will look curdled.nPour the mixture into a small saucepan and cook over mediumlow heat for 8 to 10 minutes, until thick, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Whisk briskly when it starts to thicken and cook over low heat for 1 to 2 minutes, whisking constantly. Dont allow it to boil It will be 175 degrees F on an instantread thermometer. Pour into a bowl and cool to room temperature., ingredients: [1 14 cups allpurpose flour, 12 cup plus 3 tablespoons sugar, Kosher salt, 6 tablespoons 34 stick cold unsalted butter, diced, 2 tablespoons cold vegetable shortening recommended: Crisco, 14 cup ice water, 4 extralarge egg whites, at room temperature, 14 teaspoon cream of tartar, Lemon Filling, recipe follows, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, at room temperature, 1 12 cups sugar, 4 extralarge eggs, 3 extralarge egg yolks save the whites for the meringue, 14 cup finely grated lemon zest 6 to 8 lemons, 12 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice, 18 teaspoon kosher salt], title: Lemon Meringue Tart, picturelink: null}, 60010: {instructions: Melt butter in a small pan over low heat and set aside. Add all the remaining ingredients to a blender or a food processor. Turn blender on medium speed and slowly drizzle in the hot melted butter until all the butter is emulsified. Serve immediately., ingredients: [5 ounces unsalted butter, 5 egg yolks, 1 12 teaspoons lemon juice, 12 teaspoon salt, 1 medium chipotle pepper], title: Mad Chipotle Hollandasie, picturelink: b8sP5DhTKEUKklDUSainBOE6J2El7fy}, 60011: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPut the chicken in a large stockpot and cover with 1 gallon of cool water. Add the vegetables and herbs and bring the pot up to a boil over mediumhigh heat. Skim well then simmer, uncovered, for 45 minutes, skimming frequently as the oil rises to the surface. What were doing here is not only cooking the chicken but also creating the base sauce for the pot pie. Remove the chicken to a platter to cool. Continue to cook down the chicken broth for another 15 minutes to condense the flavor you should have about 8 cups when youre finished. Using a colander, strain the chicken broth into another pot and discard the solids. When the chicken is cool enough to handle, shred the meat and discard the skin and bones.nWipe out the stockpot and put it back on the stovetop over medium heat. Melt the butter and then whisk in the flour to form a paste. This is a roux, which will act as a thickener. Now, gradually pour in 8 cups of the chicken broth, whisking the entire time to prevent lumps. Whisk and simmer for 10 minutes to cook out the starchy taste of the flour and thicken the broth it should look like cream of chicken soup. Season with salt and pepper. Fold in the shredded chicken, carrots, pearl onions, peas, and parsley. Stir to combine and turn off the heat.nPreheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lay the thawed puff pastry sheets on a lightly floured, cool surface. Invert individual crocks on the pastry sheet and, using a sharp knife, cut circles around the outside of the bowls, slightly larger than the bowl itself. Fill the crocks 34 of the way with the chicken mixture, making sure each serving has a nice amount of chicken, vegetables, and broth. Carefully cap each crock with a pastry circle, pressing the dough around the rim to form a seal. Lightly beat the egg with 3 tablespoons of water to make an egg wash and brush some on the pastry. Sprinkle the pastry with the Parmigiano. Set the crocks on a cookie sheet and transfer to the oven. Bake for 20 minutes, until puffed and golden.nNotes: If using fresh pearl onions, blanch for 2 minutes in salted boiling water then pinch the skins off  if using frozen, run under cool water for 2 minutes to thaw.nIf using fresh peas, blanch for 2 minutes in salted boiling waterif using frozen, run under cool water for 2 minutes to thaw., ingredients: [1 whole chicken, 3 pounds, 1 gallon cool water, 2 carrots, cut in 2inch pieces, 2 celery stalks, cut in 2inch pieces, 1 onion, halved, 1 head garlic, halved horizontally, 2 turnips, halved, 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 fresh rosemary sprigs, 1 bay leaf, 14 pound 1 stick unsalted butter, 12 cup allpurpose flour, Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper, 3 carrots, cut in 12inch circles, 1 bag frozen or fresh pearl onions, see note, 1 box frozen or fresh peas, see note, Leaves from 4 fresh parsley sprigs, 2 frozen puff pastry sheets, thawed, 1 egg mixed with 3 tablespoons water, 14 cup shredded ParmigianoReggiano], title: Chicken Pot Pie, picturelink: odJRTxdT2.sqUqiBXnB6A0Nup31a7a}, 60012: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nHeat a 12inch castiron skillet on the stovetop over medium heat. Add 14 cup butter and allow to melt while you begin to prepare the batter. Reserve the melted butter for later use, carefully wipe out the pan and place in the oven to heat.nIn a large bowl, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda. In another bowl, combine the milk, buttermilk, egg and melted butter. Make a well in the dry ingredients and gradually incorporate the wet mixture, stirring until the lumps are dissolved. Fold in the cheese, corn and poblanos.nTo bake the cornbread, carefully remove the skillet from the oven and add the remaining 2 tablespoons butter so it sizzles. Coat the pan with the butter and quickly pour the cornbread batter into the skillet. Place the skillet in the oven and bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes.nRemove from the oven and let cool slightly before slicing. Serve warm., ingredients: [1 stick 14 cup unsalted butter, melted, plus 2 tablespoons, 1 cup stone ground yellow cornmeal, 12 cup allpurpose flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 1 cup milk, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, 8 ounces pepper Jack cheese, shredded, 1 cup frozen corn kernels, thawed, 12 cup diced and seeded roasted poblano peppers], title: Poblano Stuffed Cornbread, picturelink: CnDGJCFrYSBdu9c2MTSNNRXxeXnqy}, 60013: {instructions: Artichokes should be quartered and choke removed, then soaked in a large bowl of acidulated water. Drain artichokes and discard water. Place olive oil, vinegar, wine, garlic and water in a large saute pan, place on the side burner of the grill and bring to a simmer. Add the artichokes, cut side down in a single layer in the pan. Bring the mixture to a boil, reduce the heat and cover the pan. Cook until barely tender, about 12 minutes. Remove the artichokes from the pan, season with salt and pepper and grill for 4 to 5 minutes until lightly golden brown on both sides. Garnish with chopped parsley., ingredients: [12 cup olive oil, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 12 cup dry white wine, 4 cloves garlic, thinly sliced, 34 cup water, 8 artichokes, 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, Salt and pepper], title: Braised and Grilled Artichokes, picturelink: null}, 60014: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.nPlace the white wine and the clams in a wide pot with a lid over medium heat. Allow the clams to steam until they open, approximately 10 minutes. Discard any clams that do not open. Remove the clams from the pot and once they are cool enough to work with, remove the meat from the shells. Tear the shells in half and move the meat to 1 side of the shell and discard the other. Place the thinly sliced bacon on a sheet pan and bake until crispy. When they are cooled, crumble the slices individually between both hands, or chop them until they are in fine pieces. See Cooks Note 1.nPreheat the broiler.nIn a medium sized bowl, mix the bacon and all the remaining ingredients and check for seasoning. Liberally top each clam with the bread crumb mixture and place them under a broiler until golden brown. See Cooks Note 2. Serve the clams warm.nCooks Note 1: If you want a little extra flavor, save the drippings and add them in with the topping.nCooks Note 2: Placing the clams on a bed of large granules of salt will help keep them steady in their shells while cooking., ingredients: [1 cup white wine, 60 littleneck clams, 8 thin slices bacon, 2 cups toasted bread crumbs, 1 stick butter, melted, 3 cloves garlic, minced, 14 cup chopped parsley leaves, 14 cup finely grated Parmesan, 1 tablespoon salt, 2 jalapenos, minced, 1 red pepper, minced], title: Clams Casino, picturelink: null}, 60015: {instructions: Combine the mint, cilantro, vinegar, 1 teaspoon of the honey and some salt and pepper in a blender, and blend until smooth. With the motor running, slowly add the olive oil and blend until emulsified. Taste, and then add more honey, salt and pepper as desired. Set aside for later use.nPreheat the grill to mediumhigh.nBrush the corn with some canola oil, and then season with salt and pepper. Grill, covered, until charred on all sides and the corn is tender, 2 to 3 minutes per side. Cool slightly and remove the kernels from the cobs. Combine the corn, greens and green onions in a bowl, then season with salt and pepper. Add some of the dressing and toss to coat. Top with the cheese and another drizzle of dressing. Serve immediately., ingredients: [12 cup fresh mint leaves, chopped, 14 cup fresh cilantro or parsley leaves, 14 cup white wine vinegar, 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, 6 large ears corn, husks and silks removed, 14 cup light olive or canola oil, Canola oil, for brushing, 2 cups baby mixed greens, 6 scallions, green and pale green parts thinly sliced, 12 cup crumbled feta or farmers cheese], title: Corn and Scallion Salad with CilantroMint Dressing, picturelink: null}, 60016: {instructions: For the potatoes: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.nPlace the potatoes on a baking sheet. Rub them with the canola oil and bake until they are cooked thoroughly and soft in the center, about 1 hour.nFor the fixins: Put the Cheddar, sour cream, bacon bits, butter cubes and chives in separate bowls to serve on top of the potatoes., ingredients: [4 baking potatoes, 1 12 tablespoons canola oil, 2 cups grated Cheddar, 2 cups sour cream, 1 cup bacon bits, 1 stick butter, cut into cubes, 12 cup chopped chives], title: Baked Potatoes with All the Fixins, picturelink: null}, 60017: {instructions: In a glass or ceramic bowl, combine the tomatillos, green onions, cilantro, jalapeno, salt, pepper, and lime juice. Toss to mix, cover with plastic wrap and chill for at least 30 minutes and up to 4 hours so that the flavors can marry. Return the salsa to room temperature before using.nDig the marrow out of the bones with a small sharp knife, scraping against the bone to get all of it, or push it out with your fingers if it will come out in one piece. Dip the knife into very hot water and cut the marrow into 14inch dice, dipping again as necessary. Refrigerate the marrow until you are ready to use it.nPour oil to a depth of 12inch in a small skillet. Fry the tortillas on both sides until crisp and golden. Drain on paper towels and keep warm in a low oven.nBring a large skillet of lightly salted water to a slow simmer. Remove from the heat and immediately plunge all of the marrow into the hot water. Leave in the water for 1 minute, then use a slotted spoon to transfer it to a warm plate, draining well.nPlace a warm tostada on a warm plate and top with some of the salsa. Top each tostada with a spoonful of the warm marrow and scatter a few grains of the sea salt over the marrow. Add a few cubes of avocado, season with pepper to taste and serve immediately., ingredients: [4 tomatillos, husked, washed, and cut into 14inch dice, 2 green onions, white and some green part, thinly sliced on the diagonal, 1 small bunch cilantro, leaves only, coarsely chopped, 1 teaspoon minced seeded jalapeno chile, 12 teaspoon salt, 12 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 16 beef marrow leg bones about 4 pounds, approximately 2 inches long, 6 large Corn Tortillas recipe attached, Vegetable oil for frying, 1 ripe avocado, peeled and diced, for serving, 1 teaspoon flaked sea salt], title: Tostadas de Tuetano Marrow Tostadas, picturelink: null}, 60018: {instructions: Special equipment: candy thermometernIn a small pot set over mediumlow heat, add the cream and the invert sugar and cook until warmed through, then set aside.nIn a small pot set over mediumhigh heat, add 110 grams water, the glucose and sugar and bring to a light caramel, a candy thermometer will read 356 degrees F 180 degrees C. Add the vanilla bean and seeds. Stir in the cream mixture slowly and carefully, as the caramel will bubble and rise. Place the Gianduja chocolate in a medium bowl and pour the hot cream mixture over the top, using a whisk to blend together. Remove the vanilla bean, then add the butter and use an immersion blender to emulsify. Cover the surface of the caramel with plastic wrap to prevent it from drying out. When cool, pour the caramel into shot glasses and top with cookie crumbles, then serve., ingredients: [1,000 grams heavy cream, 160 grams invert sugar or corn syrup, 310 grams glucose, 260 grams sugar, 1 vanilla bean, split and seeds scraped, 1,200 grams Gianduja chocolate, 120 grams butter, Serving suggestions: graham cracker crumbles, chocolate sandwich cookie crumbles or other cookie crumbles], title: Gianduja Caramel Mud, picturelink: SzLSxP6vrEWYHs3bAxlXkPCkwydEje}, 60019: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat the oven to 375 degrees F.nUsing a small ring mold just a little bit larger than the size of the figs, cut the pastry into 40 individual portions. Line up the puff pastry pieces on a baking sheet.nSlice off the base end of the figs. Arrange a fig base in the center of each puff pastry round and reserve the remaining fig tops. In a small bowl, beat the eggs with a fork to make an egg wash. Brush the pastry with the egg wash and sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the sugar. Bake until the puff pastry is crisp and golden brown, approximately 10 to 12 minutes. Remove the tarts from the oven and immediately put a teaspoon of goat cheese into the center of each tart to soften.nRemove the stems from the fig tops. Cut the figs and strawberries into small slices, put them into a medium saucepan, and sprinkle with the remaining tablespoon of sugar. Cut the vanilla bean in half lengthwise. Using the back of a paring knife, scrape the seeds out of each half of the vanilla bean and add the seeds and the vanilla bean to the fig and strawberry mixture. Add the vinegar and clove. Put the pan over mediumlow heat and cook until the fruit is warmed through. Remove the vanilla bean and discard.nArrange the tarts on serving platters and spoon a small amount of warm fruit compote over each tart. Garnish with micro greens and serve., ingredients: [2 to 3 sheets puff pastry dough, 40 whole fresh figs, 2 large eggs, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup goat cheese, 1 cup fresh strawberries, 1 vanilla bean, 1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, 1 pinch ground clove, 1 cup micro greens], title: Strawberry, Fig, and Goat Cheese Tarts, picturelink: 322H13btcMEK3QqIT7lzV04DmRmEQyi}, 60020: {instructions: In large stock pot, cover potatoes with water by 2 inches. Add salt and pepper, and bring to boil then reduce to a simmer.nIn large skillet, heat the salt pork. Add the onion and saute. When onions are translucent, add to the simmering potatoes.nAdd quahogs, quahog juice, and thyme to the potatoes. Simmer for 30 minutes or until potatoes are cooked through., ingredients: [7 12 pounds red bliss potatoes, cut into 12inch dice, Water, to cover, 1 heaping tablespoon white pepper, 1 heaping tablespoon salt, 1 12 pound ground salt pork, 1 12 Spanish onion, diced, 1 quart chopped quahogs, 1 quart quahog juice, 1 heaping tablespoon fresh thyme], title: Rhode Island Quahog Chowder, picturelink: null}, 60021: {instructions: For the puree: Put the ancho chile in the hot coffee in a small bowl and let stand until the chile softens.nCombine the blueberries, cranberries, garlic, chipotle chile, onion and the coffee with the ancho chile in a blender and blend until smooth.nFor the spice mix: Add the ketchup, brown sugar, coffee, wine, mustard, black pepper and cinnamon to a bowl.nAdd the puree to the spice mix. Whisk to combine. Set the bowl over a pot of simmering water. Simmer the sauce over low heat until thickened, about 2 hours, checking that the water is simmering throughout and adding more water when needed., ingredients: [1 dried ancho chile, 1 cup brewed coffee, hot, 12 cup fresh blueberries, 12 cup dried cranberries, 4 cloves garlic, 1 chipotle chile, 12 red onion, diced and sauteed, 4 cups ketchup, 1 cup brown sugar, 12 cup brewed coffee, 12 cup red wine, 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard, 1 tablespoon freshly ground black pepper, 14 teaspoon ground cinnamon], title: Matteos BBQ Sauce, picturelink: null}, 60022: {instructions: Peel 1 pound golden or red beets, then cut into matchsticks. Toss with 1 12 teaspoons kosher salt set aside until they release their liquid, about 15 minutes. Rinse, drain and pat dry transfer to a glass bowl. Bring 1 cup cider vinegar, 1 cup water, 12 cup sugar, 1 halved serrano chile seeded, if desired, 4 strips grapefruit zest, 1 12 teaspoons peppercorns and 14 teaspoon salt to a boil in a small saucepan. Pour over the beets. Let cool, then cover and refrigerate at least 1 day and up to 10 days.nTIP: Use these pickled beets as you would sauerkrauton top of a sandwich, burger or hot dog.nHow to Peel and Juice a BeetnPhotograph by Kang Kim, ingredients: [], title: Quick Spicy Pickled Beets, picturelink: sTyxLPG3frRRVyprnbasjzp5FQBeXvG}, 60023: {instructions: Warm the limes in the microwave for 30 seconds to slightly soften them this will make them easier to juice. Cut a thin slice off each end of the limes to make a flat base for each half to rest on. Cut the limes in half and squeeze out the juice into a medium bowl. Using a teaspoon or grapefruit spoon, scrape the remaining pulp and membranes out of the lime halves to make cups discard the pulp. Transfer the cups to a plastic bag and refrigerate until ready to fill.nCombine the water and sugar in a saucepan and bring to a boil. Set aside to cool. Puree the watermelon cubes in a food processor or blender, then strain through a coarse strainer into the bowl containing the lime juice. Stir in the vanilla extract and cooled sugar syrup. Pour into ice cube trays and freeze overnight.nWhen ready to serve, turn the watermelon ice cubes into a food processor fitted with a metal blade or a powerful blender. Pulse the machine until the granita has the texture of crushed ice. Fill the lime halves very full with the granita, rounding the tops. Dot with the currants, making them look like watermelon seeds. Serve immediately., ingredients: [6 limes, 12 cup water, 14 cup sugar, 4 cups watermelon pieces, seeds removed, 18 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, 40 currants, 2 empty icecube trays], title: Watermelon Granita Stuffed Limes, picturelink: null}, 60024: {instructions: Prepare the vinaigrette dressing by whisking all of the ingredients together and reserve under refrigeration until needed.nPrepare the fried leeks by mixing the buttermilk and egg in a small bowl. Fill a large pot 12 full with vegetable oil and heat to 375 degrees F. Dip leeks in mixture and then dredge in flour, shaking off excess. Deepfry the leeks until they are crisp and golden brown. Degrease the fried leeks on absorbent paper towels and reserve in a warm place until needed.nPrepare a stovetop smoker.nPrepare the marinade by combining ingredients in a large bowl. Separate into 2 small bowls. Add duck breast to 1 bowl, turning to coat evenly. Marinate for 5 minutes.nPlace the duck in a smoker for 5 minutes. Remove and set aside.nRub scallops with marinade from second bowl. Preheat grill. Grill the duck breast for 10 minutes, turning to cook evenly. Add scallops during the last 3 minutes of cooking.nPlace the cleaned, stemmed watercress in a bowl and toss it with 34 of the dressing. Season, to taste, with salt and pepper.nMound the watercress in the center of a chilled salad plate. Slice the duck breast and lay it on top of the mound. At the base of the mound, place 3 grilled scallops in a triangular formation. Garnish the salad by sprinkling it with roasted pecans and arranging cheese wedges. Top with fried leeks., ingredients: [1 ounce white wine, 3 ounces sherry vinegar, 2 ounces olive oil, Salt and pepper, 12 cup buttermilk, 1 egg, Vegetable oil, as needed, 2 ounces leeks, cleaned and cut into strips, Flour, as needed, 2 cloves garlic, roasted and minced, 1 teaspoon minced shallots, 1 pinch cracked black pepper, 12 cup sherry vinegar, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 bunches watercress, stemmed, 2 skinless and boneless duck breasts, 3 ounces fresh scallops, 1 ounce pecans, roasted and roughly chopped, 2 ounces cheddar cheese, cut into wedges], title: Smoked Duck and Scallop Salad with Sherry Vinaigrette, picturelink: null}, 60025: {instructions: Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly brush an 11by17inch rimmed baking sheet with vegetable oil and line with parchment paper. Brush the parchment with oil and dust with flour, tapping out the excess. Whisk the flour, 34 cup granulated sugar, the malted milk powder, cocoa powder, baking soda, cinnamon, allspice and nutmeg in a medium bowl set aside. Beat the egg whites in a large bowl with a mixer on medium speed until foamy, 1 to 2 minutes. Increase the mixer speed to medium high and gradually add the remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar continue beating until stiff shiny peaks form. Set aside.nBeat the vegetable oil, egg yolks and milk in a separate bowl with the mixer on medium speed no need to clean the beaters. Reduce the speed to low and beat in the flour mixture until just combined. Fold onethird of the beaten egg whites into the batter, then fold in the rest until incorporated. Pour the batter onto the prepared baking sheet and spread evenly with a rubber spatula. Bake until the cake pulls away from the sides of the pan and springs back when lightly pressed, 12 to 14 minutes. Dust the cake with the confectioners sugar and spread a large clean kitchen towel not terry cloth on top. Invert a cooling rack onto the towel, then invert the cake onto the rack peel off the parchment. Roll up the cake and towel together, starting from a long side to form a 17inchlong roll. Youll remove the towel later. Set aside on the rack to cool completely.nMake the frosting: Combine the granulated sugar and 34 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve. Cook over medium heat, without stirring, until a candy thermometer registers 240 degrees F, 20 to 30 minutes. Brush any sugar crystals off the side of the pan with a wet pastry brush. When the sugar has almost reached 240 degrees F, beat the egg and egg yolks in a stand mixer with the whisk attachment on high speed until thick and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Reduce the speed to low and slowly pour in the sugar syrup between the whisk and the side of the bowl. Increase the speed to high and beat until the bowl is cool to the touch. Remove the whisk and fit the mixer with the paddle attachment. With the mixer on mediumhigh speed, gradually add the butter and beat until thick and glossy. Combine the malted milk powder, vanilla and 1 teaspoon water in a small bowl beat into the frosting along with the nutmeg.nUnroll the cooled cake and spread with 1 12 cups of the frosting. Gently reroll the cake without the towel and trim the ends. Cover with the remaining frosting dust with cocoa powder.nPhotograph by Johnny Miller, ingredients: [12 cup vegetable oil, plus more for the pan, 1 14 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the pan, 34 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar, 12 cup plain malted milk powder such as Carnation, 14 cup unsweetened cocoa powder, plus more for topping, 12 teaspoon baking soda, 12 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 14 teaspoon ground allspice, 14 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg, 4 large eggs, separated, 12 cup milk, 2 tablespoons confectioners sugar, For the frosting:, 1 12 cups granulated sugar, 1 large egg plus 5 egg yolks, 2 12 sticks unsalted butter, cut into small pieces, at room temperature, 2 tablespoons plain malted milk powder, 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract, Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg], title: EggnogChocolate Cake Roll, picturelink: nX8WkaQBrrCBSLvoTSTJf.pTd0QP0N.}, 60026: {instructions: Heat grill to medium. Whisk together 3 tablespoons honey and the orange juice in a small bowl. Brush the honeyorange mixture generously over the figs and then skewer figs. Grill, cut side down, until just starting to caramelize, about 30 seconds to 1 minute. Transfer to a serving plate and drizzle remaining tablespoon honey over top. Dollop with mascarpone and sprinkle with chopped pistachios. Serve., ingredients: [4 tablespoons buckwheat honey, divided, 14 cup fresh orange juice, 12 fresh figs, halved, 12inch wooden skewers, soaked in water for 30 minutes, 1 pint mascarpone, 14 cup chopped pistachios], title: Grilled HoneyOrange Figs with Mascarpone and Pistachios, picturelink: DDfs9tvguIvDzOjYEkjXi6kXpkQjpLy}, 60027: {instructions: Puree everything in a food processor, then pass through a very fine sieve or tamis. Place into a piping bag and pipe into a noodle maker or extrusion machine. Arrange an immersion circulator a water bath with a heating element that heats and circulates water in a water bath set to 165 degrees F. Extrude all of the shrimp force into the bath. Using scissors, cut to desired noodle length. Place noodles in ice bath. Drain and separate. Store on parchment paper lightly coated with cooking spray.nPresentation: Reheat noodles in shrimp stock and olive oil. Paint the yogurt onto the plate and top with warm noodles and prawn crackers. Dust plate with nori powder and serve.nMix everything together and allow flavors to infuse for one hour. To smoke yogurt: spread it onto a heat proof plate, place it in a stove top smoker, and smoke as usual.nHeat vegetable oil in a deep fryer to 350 degrees F. Deep fry crackers until they puff. Drain from oil and dust with tomato powder and salt., ingredients: [1 pound peeled, deveined shrimp, 13 ounce ActivaTG a kind of meat glue, 12 ounce salt, Ground cayenne pepper, Smoked Yogurt Paprika, recipe follows, Prawn Crackers, recipe follows, 1 cup yogurt smoked for 3 minutes, 34 teaspoon sweet paprika, Salt, Vegetable oil for deep frying, 5 pieces prawn crackers, crushed, Tomato powder, Salt], title: Shrimp Noodles, Smoked Yogurt, Nori Powder, picturelink: null}, 60028: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nFor the kimchi:nPut the cabbage in a large bowl, toss with the salt and let stand, tossing occasionally, about 2 hours. Rinse the cabbage well, then drain and squeeze out the excess water with your hands. Transfer to a large clean bowl.nCombine the garlic, serrano, ginger, fish sauce, vinegar and 2 tablespoons of water in a food processor and process until smooth. Pour over the cabbage, add the green onion and sesame seeds and toss to combine. Cover and let marinate at room temperature for at least 1 hour, stirring a few times.nFor the pork:nWhisk together the cola, soy, vinegar, sesame oil, garlic, cilantro and black pepper in a large baking dish until combined. Add the pork steak and turn to coat. Cover and let marinate in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours and up to 8 hours.nHeat the grill to high. Remove the pork steak from the marinade 30 minutes before grilling to take the chill off. Grill the steak until golden brown, charred on both sides, cooked to medium doneness, and an instantread thermometer inserted into the center registers 150 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Remove from the grill to a cutting board and let rest, loosely tented with foil for 10 minutes. Cut against the grain into thin strips. Fill lettuce leaves with some of the pork, a drizzle of the sauce and top with the kimchi. Arrange on a serving platter and serve.nFor the sauce:nWhisk all the ingredients together in a small bowl., ingredients: [Quick Kimchi, 2 pounds napa cabbage, halved and thinly shredded, 4 tablespoons kosher salt, 6 cloves garlic, chopped, 1 or 2 serrano chiles, chopped, depending on how spicy you like it, 1inch piece fresh ginger, peeled and chopped, 1 12 tablespoons Asian fish sauce, 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons water, 6 green onions, green and pale green part, thinly sliced, 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds, 1 12ounce can cola soda recommended: Coke, 14 cup soy sauce, 2 tablespoons rice vinegar, 2 tablespoons sesame oil, 8 cloves garlic, chopped, 14 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro, 12 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper, 1 12 pound pork shoulder steak, no more than 34inch thick, not trimmed, Boston lettuce leaves, Kojuchang Sauce, 2 tablespoons kochujang, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, 1 tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 teaspoon sesame oil, 2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds, 2 teaspoons honey, 2 green onions, halved lengthwise and thinly sliced crosswise], title: Pork Shoulder Rajas with Quick Kimchi in Lettuce Leaves with Kojuchang Sauce, picturelink: bF664hevzQDRfYJ1dFxeadXGFCBTGW}, 60029: {instructions: In a large bowl or the work bowl of an electric mixer, dissolve the yeast in the milk and add 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 cup of the flour. Mix well, cover bowl with tea towel and let stand in a warm place about 15 minutes for the yeast to activate. Place risen dough in mixer, set aside.nTake a large saute pan and heat it dry over mediumhigh heat. Pour in 1 cup of the olive oil and add rosemary. Add grapes, and raisins, mix together and allow to cool.nBegin to mix the dough, slowly, and mix another 4 cups of flour in to the yeast mixture with the dough hook attachment, then add a pinch of gray salt. Add half of the olive oilgrape mixture into dough. Knead until smooth with hands. Form the dough into a ball. Place some olive oil in large bowl to coat the sides. Place dough ball into bowl, and cover with tea towel. Cover with a damp towel and allow to rise in refrigerator until doubled in bulk about 45 minutes, or up to overnight for a fuller rise.nThe next day, take the risen dough, and place in mixing bowl. With more olive oil from the graperaisin mixture, press dough down into a flat disk with the heel of your hand. Using your fingertips, nudge the dough into a rectangle. The dough can be rolled but the pressure will produce heavier bread. Transfer the dough to the baking sheet and brush with the remaining 13 cup olive oil. Cover with tea towel, and let rise again until doubled, 30 to 40 minutes.nTo bake, preheat oven to 425 degrees F.nBake 15 minutes then remove from the oven and brush with the egg. Sprinkle with the remaining grape mixture then the remaining sugar. Top with lemon zest and finish with some coarse salt. Return to the oven and continue to bake until golden brown on top and crisp on the bottom, about 7 or 8 minutes. Let cool in the pan before cutting., ingredients: [1ounce fresh yeast or 2 envelopes active dry yeast, 2 cups whole milk, lukewarm, 1 tablespoon sugar, plus 1 teaspoon, 5 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for the work surface, 1 cup extravirgin olive oil, plus 13 cup, plus more for drizzling, 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary leaves, 1 cup red grapes, halved or quartered, 1 cup golden raisins, 1 12 teaspoon kosher salt, 1 tablespoon lemon zest, grated, Gray salt, 1 egg, beaten well], title: Harvest Foccacia, picturelink: null}, 60030: {instructions: Fill a glass or cocktail shaker with some ice. Add jalapeno, lime and lemon juices and muddle. Add more ice and the tequila and agave nectar. Shake and pour into a tall glass with ice. Garnish with celery stick., ingredients: [Ice, 1 slice jalapeno, seeded 1 by 14inch piece, 1ounce fresh lime juice, 12ounce fresh lemon juice, 1 12 ounces tequila blanco 100 percent blue agave, 34ounce agave nectar, 12 celery stick, for garnish], title: Spicy Agave Wave, picturelink: 1mj7YsV.BecQWcQXnLqOypoElrAkKXS}, 60031: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nHeat a heavy medium skillet over medium heat and melt butter. Add sugar and cinnamon and continue cooking until browned, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add apples and pears and cook until slightly softened, another 6 minutes. Add tequila and continue cooking until browned, another 5 to 7 minutes.nPlace 1 tortilla on a plate, and spoon about 16th of the applepear mixture into the center. Roll them and tuck the ends, eggroll style, and secure them with toothpicks.nIn another skillet, heat vegetable oil over medium heat until a drop of water sizzles and pops in the oil, about 350 degrees F, and fry each chimichanga until browned and crispy, about 2 to 3 minutes per side. Transfer them to a plate lined with paper towels to drain. Remove the toothpicks and cut in half.nServe hot, topping with a scoop of the vanilla ice cream., ingredients: [14 cup butter, 13 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon, 1 large apple cored, with skin and cut in thin slices, 1 large pear, not very ripe, cored with skin and cut in thin slices, 14 cup tequila, 4 flour tortillas, 1 cup vegetable oil, Vanilla ice cream], title: Apple Chimichangas, picturelink: cSTbbKHkN5PMJvHd9ieoj3HevTJS9re}, 60032: {instructions: Preheat the oven to 250 degrees FnIn a small pot, over medium heat, heat the coconut milk along with the lemon grass and kaffir leaves and bring to just a boil. Remove from heat and let steep for 30 minutes, strain. Reheat liquid over mediumhigh heat, add the lemon juice and place the halibut in the middle of the liquid to poach. Cover with a parchment lid and poach in the oven until just beginning to flake. Remove from the oven and set aside.nIn a large saute pan, over high heat, add the oil. When oil is hot, add the cabbage and saute until hot throughout. Add the vinegar, mirin and reduce. The cabbage will collapse and the liquid will evaporate. At this point add the sesame seeds and season with salt and pepper, to taste.nIn a hot bowl add the cabbage first, top with the halibut and then the sauce., ingredients: [2 cups coconut milk, 1 short stalk lemon grass, finely chopped, 8 kaffir lime leaves, crushed, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1 pound block halibut, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 head Chinese cabbage, cut in 12 and chopped on a bias, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 tablespoon seasoned rice wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon mirin, 1 tablespoon black sesame seeds], title: CoconutKaffir Leaf Poached Halibut with Sauteed Chinese Cabbage, picturelink: null}, 60033: {instructions: Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Separate head of garlic into individual cloves. Add to boiling water and cook 1 12 minutes, or until skin peels off easily. Drain and rinse briefly under cold running water. Peel garlic cloves. Trim any pieces of fat or extra skin from chicken rinse pieces and pat dry. Season liberally with salt and pepper. In a large skillet, heat oil over mediumhigh heat. Add chicken, skin side down, and saute until skin is nicely browned, 8 to 10 minutes. Carefully holding lid against pan, pour off all but a thin film of fat. Turn chicken over and sprinkle onion between pieces. Cover and cook 5 minutes. Pour in wine and bring to a boil, stirring with a wooden spoon to scrape up any brown bits on bottom or around sides of pan. Boil until wine is reduced to 2 or 3 tablespoons, about 2 minutes. Scatter garlic around chicken, season with thyme and pour broth into pan. Cover, bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer 25 minutes, or until chicken is very tender. Remove chicken and half of garlic cloves to a deep platter or serving dish. Skim fat off sauce in pan. Pour sauce into a blender or food processor and puree until smooth. If sauce is too liquid, pour into a small saucepan and bring to a boil. Dissolve cornstarch in 1 tablespoon cold water and stir into sauce. Cook, stirring, 1 minute, until slightly thickened. Season sauce with additional salt and pepper to taste. Pour over chicken and serve., ingredients: [2 large heads garlic, 1 cutup chicken, about 3 pounds, Salt and freshly ground pepper, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 small onion, chopped, 13 cup dry white wine, 1 teaspoon dried thyme, 23 cup chicken broth, 1 teaspoon cornstarch optional], title: Chicken Braised with 20 Cloves of Garlic, picturelink: null}, 60034: {instructions: Grease 8 cream horn metal cones. Cut the puff pastry into 12inch wide strips. Starting at the point of the cone, wind the pastry around the cone, overlapping the layers slightly to cover the cone with a spiral of pastry. Freeze in an airtight container.nPreheat oven to 400 degrees F.nWhen ready to bake, whisk the egg with the water and lightly brush the pastry with the egg wash. Shake powdered sugar all over the surfaces and place them, seam side down on a parchment paper lined sheet pan. Bake for about 20 minutes or until golden brown. Let cool on the cones. Then remove and fill the cornucopias.nWhip the cream with the 1 tablespoon sugar until stiff, then chill it. Cut up the fruit. If desired, roll the blueberries in gold leaf to guild them. Pipe whipped cream into the pastry to fill in, then place it on a dessert plate. Garnish the cornucopia with cascading cut up fruit, then dust with powdered sugar.nNotes about the recipe: You can also fill these with custard and fruit., ingredients: [1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed, 1 egg, 1 teaspoon water, Powdered sugar in a shaker, 1 cup cream, whipped, 1 tablespoon sugar, Fresh fruit such as clementine sections, kiwi, strawberries, blueberries, 24 karat gold leaf optional], title: Cream Horns, picturelink: null}, 60035: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nPreheat a grill.nShuck the corn and cut the endive heads in half lengthwise. Add the corn and endive to a baking sheet or cutting board, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper, to taste. Add the corn and endive to the grill and cook until lightly charred on all sides, about 3 minutes for the endive and 5 minutes for the corn.nMeanwhile, in a medium serving bowl, combine all the remaining ingredients.nOnce cooked, remove the corn and endive from the grill. Slice the endive crosswise into 14inch pieces and add to the bowl. Cut the kernels off the cobs and discard the cobs. Add the kernels to the bowl and stir to combine. Taste for seasoning and adjust, if needed. Serve warm or room temperature., ingredients: [4 ears fresh corn, 2 heads Belgian endive, 2 tablespoons olive oil, Salt and freshly ground black pepper, 1 3ounce bunch cilantro, leaves only, 12 small red onion, thinly sliced, 14 cup crumbled feta, 12 lime, juiced, 12 teaspoon ground cumin, 14 teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste], title: Summer Corn Salad, picturelink: G9XPV1I0nULIbwS76f..0AIq2DsfI3u}, 60036: {instructions: Preheat the broiler. Cut the tomatoes in 12 crosswise. Scoop out the centers leaving the outer thick flesh intact. Sprinkle the interior shells of the tomatoes with a couple pinches of salt and sugar, and invert them on a paper towel lined plate to drain until ready to stuff.nWith the grating attachment of a food processor or on the largeholed side of a box grater, grate the zucchini, and place it in a strainer. Toss the zucchini with 1 teaspoon salt and place the strainer over a bowl to catch the juices. Allow to drain for 5 to 10 minutes.nIn a large heavy skillet, saute the shallots in 2 tablespoons olive oil, until they begin to caramelize. Meanwhile squeeze the zucchini to release as much water as possible.nTurn the heat up on the shallots, add the dry zucchini to the pan, and saute the zucchini with the shallots for 5 minutes.nAdd chopped parsley and thyme, and then toss the zucchini with the cheese, reserving 14 cup of the cheese for topping.nStuff the tomatoes with the filling, mounding it slightly, and sprinkle with remaining cheese. Place in tomato halves in ovenproof baking dish and broil them until the tops are golden. Serve hot., ingredients: [4 large plum tomatoes, Salt and sugar, 1 12 pounds zucchini, 1 teaspoon salt, 3 shallots, sliced, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 3 tablespoons fresh parsley, 1 12 teaspoons fresh thyme, 12 pound grated Gruyere], title: Zucchini Stuffed Tomatoes, picturelink: nA7V5iQqaFcIEQQ0MKqVdUioieXjPu}, 60037: {instructions: Heat the oil and butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic, and cook until golden, about 5 minutes. Stir in shallot, and cook until translucent, about 3 minutes. Add bell peppers and red pepper flakes, and season with salt and pepper cook, stirring until soft, about 5 minutes more. Stir in 12 of the basil.nMeanwhile, bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add pasta, and cook until al dente, 2 to 4 minutes. Drain, and add to the pan with peppers. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 minute. Transfer to serving platter. If desired, remove garlic, and discard. Garnish with remaining basil and Parmesan. Serve immediately.nPreheat oven to 450 degrees F. Rub outside of pepper with olive oil, and place on a small baking sheet. Cook until skin begins to bubble and turn lightly brown in spots, 20 to 25 minutes, turning once after 10 minutes. Transfer to a container with a tightfitting lid to steam for about 15 minutes. Remove stem and seeds peel away skin, and discard.nIn the bowl of a food processor, puree pepper there should be a generous 12 cup puree. Add flour and eggs. Process until dough forms a ball, about 15 seconds. Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface. Knead until smooth and elastic, about 5 minutes. Cover with an inverted bowl or plastic wrap, and let rest 1 12 hours at room temperature or refrigerate overnight.nDivide dough into 8 pieces. Working with a few pieces at a time and keeping remaining pieces covered, flatten each portion of dough into a disk shape somewhat narrower than the machines opening. Very lightly dust dough with flour. Feed through at machines widest setting. If dough pulls or tears when passing through machine, simply sprinkle a little more flour over dough, just before its fed, to keep it from sticking. When finished, remove excess flour with a dry pastry brush. As pasta sheet emerges, gently support it with palm, and guide it onto work surface. Fold sheet in half. Pass through a second time on the same setting to smooth dough and increase its elasticity.nThin dough by passing it through everfiner settings, 2 passes on each setting, until sheets are almost translucent but do not tear. Pass the dough dthrdough until it has been passed through settings 1 through 4 machine settings differsome have as many as 10, while others have only 6.nSwitch to the cutter attachment, and pass each sheet through fettuccini cutter. Separate strands, and hang on a pasta rack to dry so that they do not stick together.nYield: about 1 12 pounds, ingredients: [3 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons unsalted butter, 2 medium cloves garlic, crushed, 1 medium shallot, very finely chopped, 1 medium red bell pepper, seeded, deveined, and cut into very thin slices, 1 medium yellow bell pepper, seeded, deveined, and cut into very thin slices, 1 medium orange bell pepper, seeded, deveined, and cut into very thin slices, Pinch crushed redpepper flakes, Coarse salt and freshly ground pepper, 10 fresh basil leaves, well washed and dried, coarsely torn, Pepper Pasta, recipe follows, Freshly grated Parmesan, for serving, 1 large red, yellow, or orange bell pepper, 12 teaspoon extravirgin olive oil, 3 12 cups allpurpose flour, plus more for dusting, 3 large eggs, Coarse salt], title: Pepper Pasta Quick Cook, picturelink: null}, 60038: {instructions: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. On the top half of a double boiler over medium heat, melt the butter and chocolate together, whisking to blend. When the chocolate and butter are fully melted, remove the chocolate from the stove. In a mixing bowl, whisk the whole eggs plus the yolks together with all of the sugar until well blended, being careful not to incorporate air. When chocolatebutter mixture has cooled, add egg and sugar mixture, add the flour by hand with a whisk, again being careful not to incorporate air. Butter and flour 4 approximately 4ounce cake molds, tapping the pan to remove excess flour, and pour the chocolate batter into the pan. Place in the middle rack of the oven and bake for 8 minutes. Unmold and serve warm.nArmagnac Ice Cream: 1 quart halfandhalf 3 tablespoons Armagnac 1 cup sugar 9 egg yolksnWarm the half and half and Armagnac in a saucepan over medium heat until it comes to a boil, then remove the saucepan from the stove. While the half and half is heating, whisk the sugar and egg yolks in a bowl until pale lemon in color. Add the sugaregg yolk mixture to the half and half and return to the stove over very low heat. Stir constantly with a wooden spoon until the foam on the top disappears and the mixture is thicker and coats the back of the spoon. Remove from the stove immediately and stop the cooking by placing the saucepan in a bowl of ice, stirring the mixture to cool it. Freeze in an ice cream maker according to manufacturers instructions., ingredients: [8 ounces butter, 8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, 4 whole eggs, 4 egg yolks, 3 ounces sugar, 2 14 tablespoons flour, Butter, for pan, Flour, for pan], title: Chocolate Cake with Armagnac Ice Cream, picturelink: null}, 60039: {instructions: Watch how to make this recipe.nIn a medium saucepan, combine bisque, 2 14 cups heavy cream, lemon juice, parsley, and crabmeat with juices and bring to a simmer over medium heat for 5 to 10 minutes. Season soup, to taste, with salt and cayenne pepper. Divide soup among 6 bowls. Add 1 tablespoon of cream to each bowl and swirl with butter knife to create a pretty design. Serve immediately., ingredients: [3 10.5ounce cans restaurantstyle condensed crab bisque recommended: Bookbinders, 2 14 cups plus 6 tablespoons heavy cream, 3 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, 3 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley leaves, 3 4.25 ounce cans crabmeat, picked over, Salt, Cayenne pepper], title: Crabby Bisque, picturelink: CTfEq6ADJpKf4ys4awoYB4hpdzgXqm}}